constellation	35 Arietis (abbreviated 35 Ari) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries.	35 Arietis	Aries
languages spoken or written	Rakhi Sawant (born Neeru Bheda on 25 November 1978) is an Indian politician, dancer, model, Hindi film and television actress & television talk show host, who has appeared in many Hindi and few Kannada, Marathi, Telugu and Tamil films.	Rakhi Sawant	Hindi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narabi (Persian: نرابي‎, also Romanized as Narābī; also known as Narāb, Narāb Bālā, and Narāb-e Bālā) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Narabi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyk (Persian: بیک‎, also Romanized as Bīk and Beyg) is a village in Takmaran Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Beyk	Takmaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Sosnowa (ˈvɔla sɔsˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wola Sosnowa	Gmina Lubraniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amur Oblast (Russian: Аму́рская о́бласть, tr. Amurskaya oblast; IPA: (ɐˈmurskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ)) is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast), located on the banks of the Amur and Zeya Rivers in the Russian Far East.	Amur Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchin Poshteh (Persian: پرچين پشته‎, also Romanized as Parchīn Poshteh) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Parchin Poshteh	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hull Paragon Interchange is an integrated rail and bus station in the city centre of Kingston upon Hull, England.	Hull Paragon Interchange	Kingston upon Hull
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzepielów (kʂɛˈpjɛluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Krzepielów	Gmina Sława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony Presbyterian Church is a historic church on the north side of Highway 103, approximately 8 miles (13 km) north of Clarksville in Harmony, Arkansas.	Harmony Presbyterian Church	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcorn State University Historic District is a historic district on the campus of Alcorn State University in Lorman, Mississippi.	Alcorn State University Historic District	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahirauli Baghel and Bahiari Bahgel Origin from Pipara Baghel Village is an Indian village located on the border of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.	Ahirauli Baghel	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozvadov (German Roßhaupt) is a village and municipality (obec) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic, on the border with Germany.	Rozvadov	Tachov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Milanese is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Milan.	Nova Milanese	Province of Monza and Brianza
named after	The CSU-associated Hanns Seidel Foundation (German: Hanns-Seidel-Stiftung) is a German party-associated foundation.	Hanns Seidel Foundation	Hanns-Seidel
narrative location	Born Confused is a 2002 young-adult novel by Tanuja Desai Hidier about an Indian-American girl growing up in New Jersey.	Born Confused	New Jersey
participant of	Ubaldesco Baldi (13 July 1944 -- 13 June 1991) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal in the Mixed Trap event.	Ubaldesco Baldi	1976 Summer Olympics
publication date	Patrol 03 is a French animated television series that aired in 1997 and was broadcast on Pop, a British TV channel owned and operated by CSC Media Group (formerly Chart Show Channels), a company associated with the makers of The Chart Show, a television programme that had previously been on Channel 4 and ITV,	Patrol 03	1997
publisher	WWF No Mercy is a professional wrestling video game released in 2000 on the Nintendo 64 console and published by THQ.	WWF No Mercy	THQ
sex or gender	Camille Duvall, also known as ``The Golden Goddess'', is a retired American female professional water skier.	Camille Duvall	female
