author	Flour Babies is a day school novel for young adults, written by Anne Fine and published by Hamilton 1992.	Flour Babies	Anne Fine
author	In Another Light is the fifth novel by Scottish writer Andrew Greig.	In Another Light	Andrew Greig
author	The Sixth Day and Other Tales, written by Primo Levi, is a collection of short stories, originally published in Storie naturali and Vizio di forma.	The Sixth Day and Other Tales	Primo Levi
author	John Dies at the End is a comic horror novel written by David Wong that was first published online as a webserial beginning in 2001, then as an edited manuscript in 2004, and a printed paperback in 2007, published by Permuted Press.	John Dies at the End	David Wong
author	Screwtop Thompson, Booker Prize-shortlisted author Magnus Mills' third collection of short stories, brings together ten short tales that ``trundle gently between the ordinary, absurd and the outright surreal.''	Screwtop Thompson	Magnus Mills
author	One Morning in Maine is a picture book by Robert McCloskey set in Brooksville, Maine.	One Morning in Maine	Robert McCloskey
author	The Mistress of the Inn (Italian: La locandiera), also translated as The Innkeeper Woman or Mirandolina (after the play's main character), is a 1753 three-act comedy by the Italian playwright Carlo Goldoni about a coquette.	The Mistress of the Inn	Carlo Goldoni
author	Ashen Victor, known in Japan as Haisha (灰者), is a futuristic manga by Yukito Kishiro, taking place in the same universe as his Battle Angel Alita series, specifically in the Scrapyard.	Ashen Victor	Yukito Kishiro
author	Spindle's End is a retelling of Sleeping Beauty by author Robin McKinley, published in 2000.	Spindle's End	Robin McKinley
author	Absolute Friends is an espionage novel by John le Carré published in December 2003.	Absolute Friends	John le Carré
author	A Dictionary of Modern English Usage (1926), by Henry Watson Fowler (1858--1933), is a style guide to British English usage, pronunciation, and writing.	A Dictionary of Modern English Usage	Henry Watson Fowler
author	The Black Gryphon is the first novel in the chronological timeline of the Valdemar Saga by author Mercedes Lackey, although not published until 1994.	The Black Gryphon	Mercedes Lackey
author	Franny and Zooey is a book by American author J. D. Salinger which comprises his short story ``Franny'' and novella Zooey /ˈzoʊ.iː/.	Franny and Zooey	J. D. Salinger
author	The Khaki Mafia is a novel about the Vietnam War by Robin Moore and June Collins, published by Crown in 1971.	Khaki Mafia	Robin Moore
author	Evangelii gaudium (English: The Joy of the Gospel) is a 2013 apostolic exhortation by Pope Francis on ``the church's primary mission of evangelization in the modern world.''	Evangelii gaudium	Francis
author	Maus is a graphic novel by American cartoonist Art Spiegelman, serialized from 1980 to 1991.	Maus	Art Spiegelman
author	Very Hard Choices is a science-fiction/suspense-mystery novel from Canadian science fiction author Spider Robinson, released in June 2008.	Very Hard Choices	Spider Robinson
author	On War Against the Turk (German: Vom Kriege wider die Türken) was a book written by Martin Luther in 1528 and published in 1529.	On War Against the Turk	Martin Luther
author	Midnight Lamp, first published in 2003, is the third of a series of five books written by Gwyneth Jones and set in a near-future version of the United Kingdom.	Midnight Lamp	Gwyneth Jones
author	Industrial Democracy (1st edn 1897; 9th edn 1926) is a book written by British socialist reformers Sidney Webb and Beatrice Webb, concerning the organisation of trade unions and collective bargaining.	Industrial Democracy	Sidney Webb	Beatrice Webb
author	The Girl from Nongrim Hills is a 2013 fiction novel by Indian author Ankush Saikia.	The Girl from Nongrim Hills	Ankush Saikia
author	Samurai Executioner, known in Japan as Kubikiri Asa (首斬り朝), is a 10-volume manga created by writer Kazuo Koike and artist Goseki Kojima, the same team that created the popular Lone Wolf and Cub series.	Samurai Executioner	Kazuo Koike
author	A Planet Called Utopia is a science fiction novel written by J. T. McIntosh and first published in August, 1979 in New York by Zebra Books.	A Planet Called Utopia	J. T. McIntosh
author	The Road to Gandolfo is a story by Michael Shepherd (a pen name used by Robert Ludlum) about General MacKenzie Hawkins (``The Hawk''), a military legend and Army veteran.	The Road to Gandolfo	Robert Ludlum
author	``The God Stealer'' is a short story by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José.	The God Stealer	F. Sionil José
author	Tales of Magic and Mystery is a 1985 anthology of 11 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.	Tales of Magic and Mystery	Ruth Manning-Sanders
author	``The Man Who Would Be King'' (1888) is a novella by Rudyard Kipling.	The Man Who Would Be King	Rudyard Kipling
author	Blood & Water was a 2003 five-issue horror comic book limited series written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Tomm Coker, with covers by Brian Bolland.	Blood & Water	Judd Winick
author	Servant of Two Masters (Italian: Il servitore di due padroni) is a comedy by the Italian playwright Carlo Goldoni written in 1746.	Servant of Two Masters	Carlo Goldoni
author	``Quench the Spark'' (also translated as ``A Spark Neglected Burns the House'') is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1885.	Quench the Spark	Leo Tolstoy
author	The Book on Adler (subtitle: The Religious Confusion of the Present Age, Illustrated by Magister Adler as a Phenomenon, A Mimical Monograph) is a work by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard, written during his second authorship, and was published posthumously in 1872.	The Book on Adler	Søren Kierkegaard
author	The Torment of Others is a crime novel by Scottish author Val McDermid, and is the fourth entry in her popular Carol Jordan and Dr. Tony Hill series, which has been successfully adapted into the television series Wire in the Blood.	The Torment of Others	Val McDermid
author	Neptune's Brood is a science fiction novel by British author Charles Stross, set in the same universe as Saturn's Children, but thousands of years later and with all new characters.	Neptune's Brood	Charles Stross
author	Unfinished Tales (full title Unfinished Tales of Númenor and Middle-earth) is a collection of stories and essays by J. R. R. Tolkien that were never completed during his lifetime, but were edited by his son Christopher Tolkien and published in 1980.	Unfinished Tales	J. R. R. Tolkien	Christopher Tolkien
author	Eisenvogel is a Swiss book published by the Swiss-Tibetan writer, filmdirector (Who Killed Johnny) and actress Yangzom Brauen.	Eisenvogel	Yangzom Brauen
author	``The Tercentenary Incident'' is a science-fiction/mystery short story by Isaac Asimov.	The Tercentenary Incident	Isaac Asimov
author	Wolf Hunting is a novel in the Firekeeper Saga series by Jane Lindskold.	Wolf Hunting	Jane Lindskold
author	The Estoria de España, also known in the 1906 edition of Ramón Menéndez Pidal as the Primera Crónica General, is a history book written on the initiative of Alfonso X of Castile ``El Sabio'' (``the Wise''), who was actively involved in the editing.	Estoria de España	Alfonso X of Castile
author	Social Statics, or The Conditions essential to Happiness specified, and the First of them Developed is an 1851 book by the British polymath Herbert Spencer.	Social Statics	Herbert Spencer
author	Robert Helmont (1874; English: Robert Helmont, The Diary of a Recluse, 1870-1871 (1892)) is a novella by French author Alphonse Daudet.	Robert Helmont	Alphonse Daudet
author	Bunduki is a 1975 novel by J. T. Edson, and the first work in the Bunduki series that followed.	Bunduki	J. T. Edson
author	The Pixilated Peeress is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp.	The Pixilated Peeress	Catherine Crook de Camp
author	The Mummies of Guanajuato is a 1978 book which reprints Ray Bradbury's novelette, ``The Next in Line'', illustrated with photographs, by Archie Lieberman, of the actual mummies discovered in Guanajuato which inspired the story.	The Mummies of Guanajuato	Ray Bradbury
author	``Lt. Gov. You've Gotta Love'' (also called ``David Dewhurst: Lt. Gov. You've Gotta Love'') was a political advertisement issued by incumbent David Dewhurst's campaign on YouTube during the 2014 primary runoff for Lieutenant Governor of Texas against Dan Patrick.	Lt. Gov. You've Gotta Love	David Dewhurst
author	The Ghost and the Goth is a 2010 paranormal romance young adult novel written by Stacey Kade and published by Hyperion Books.	The Ghost and the Goth	Stacey Kade
author	The White Company is a historical adventure by Arthur Conan Doyle set during the Hundred Years' War.	The White Company	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	``I Am the Doorway'' is a short story by Stephen King, first published in the March 1971 issue of Cavalier magazine, and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.	I Am the Doorway	Stephen King
author	Rebel Angels is the second book in a fantasy trilogy by Libba Bray.	Rebel Angels	Libba Bray
author	Le parti pris des choses is a collection of 32 short to medium-length prose poems by French poet and essayist Francis Ponge first published in 1942 (see 1942 in poetry).	Le parti pris des choses	Francis Ponge
author	Running from the Deity (2005) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster.	Running from the Deity	Alan Dean Foster
author	Time and Mr. Bass is a 1967 children's science fiction novel by Canadian author Eleanor Cameron.	Time and Mr. Bass	Eleanor Cameron
author	The Fox on the Fairway is a comedy by Ken Ludwig that premiered at the Signature Theatre, Arlington, Virginia, in 2010.	The Fox on the Fairway	Ken Ludwig
author	Shrink Yourself (2007) is a book on emotional eating by Roger Gould.	Shrink Yourself	Roger Gould
author	The Rape of the A*P*E* is a book by Allan Sherman, published in September 1973 by the Putnam Publishing Group, regarding sex and its historical repression and resurgence in the United States.	The Rape of the A*P*E*	Allan Sherman
author	The Bottle Imp is an 1891 short story by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson usually found in the short story collection Island Nights' Entertainments.	The Bottle Imp	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll (orig. Spanish es:Empresas y Tribulaciones de Maqroll el Gaviero) is a compilation of novellas by Colombian author Álvaro Mutis.	The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll	Álvaro Mutis
author	A Clubbable Woman is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the first novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.	A Clubbable Woman	Reginald Hill
author	Observations on Man, his Frame, his Duty, and his Expectations is 18th-century British philosopher David Hartley's major work.	Observations on Man	David Hartley
author	A Nursery Tale (Russian: Сказка, Skazka) is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov first published in the expatriate Russian newspaper Rul' on 27 and 29 June 1926 and in the book form in The Return of Chorb in 1930.	A Nursery Tale	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Min Fynske Barndom, translated into English as My Childhood, is Carl Nielsen's autobiographical account of his childhood on the Danish island of Funen.	Min Fynske Barndom	Carl Nielsen
author	Black Star Rising, published in 1986, is a science fiction novel by American author Frederik Pohl.	Black Star Rising	Frederik Pohl
author	Satiromastix, or The Untrussing of the Humorous Poet is a late Elizabethan stage play by Thomas Dekker, one of the plays involved in the Poetomachia or War of the Theatres.	Satiromastix	Thomas Dekker
author	Theory and Practice of Muslim State in India is a book by historian K. S. Lal published by Aditya Prakashan in 1999.	Theory and Practice of Muslim State in India	K. S. Lal
author	The Atrocity Exhibition is an experimental collection of ``condensed novels'' by British writer J. G. Ballard.	The Atrocity Exhibition	J. G. Ballard
author	Owing to Bill Watterson's principled refusal to license his comic strip for merchandise in general, Teaching with Calvin and Hobbes is an exceptional item; a license was granted to the authors after they personally communicated to Watterson the success they had using his comic strip to teach children with learning disabilities.	Teaching with Calvin and Hobbes	Bill Watterson
author	Spanking Shakespeare (2007) is the debut novel by Jake Wizner.	Spanking Shakespeare	Jake Wizner
author	July's People is a 1981 novel by the South African writer Nadine Gordimer.	July's People	Nadine Gordimer
author	The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon is a 1991 novel by American author Tom Spanbauer set at the beginning of the 20th century.	The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon	Tom Spanbauer
author	War of the Rats is a World War II fiction novel written by David L. Robbins in 1999.	War of the Rats	David L. Robbins
author	Pyrrhus and Cineas (Original title: Pyrrhus et Cinéas) is Simone de Beauvoir's first philosophical essay.	Pyrrhus and Cineas	Simone de Beauvoir
author	When Colts Ran is a 2010 novel by Australian novelist Roger McDonald.	When Colts Ran	Roger McDonald
author	Step on a Crack is the first novel in the Michael Bennett series by James Patterson and Michael Ledwidge featuring Detective Michael Bennett and his 10 kids.	Step on a Crack	James Patterson
author	Tomorrow Stories was an American comic book series created by Alan Moore for his America's Best Comics (ABC) line, published by Wildstorm (now a subsidiary of DC Comics).	Tomorrow Stories	Alan Moore
author	Mary Queen of Scots Got Her Head Chopped Off is a 1987 play by Liz Lochhead.	Mary Queen of Scots Got Her Head Chopped Off	Liz Lochhead
author	Elegiasta oodiin is a 1921 a collection of poems by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski.	Elegiasta oodiin	Aaro Hellaakoski
author	A ribbon of poems (Dutch: Een lent van vaerzen) was the literary debut of Dutch writer Louis Couperus.	A ribbon of poems	Louis Couperus
author	The Oakdale Affair and The Rider is a collection of two short novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs.	The Oakdale Affair and The Rider	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	On the Heavens (Greek: Περὶ οὐρανοῦ, Latin: De Caelo or De Caelo et Mundo) is Aristotle's chief cosmological treatise: written in 350 BC it contains his astronomical theory and his ideas on the concrete workings of the terrestrial world.	On the Heavens	Aristotle
author	Secrets at Sea is a 2011 children's novel written by Newbery medalist Richard Peck and illustrated by award-winning artist Kelly Murphy.	Secrets at Sea	Richard Peck
author	The Way We Live Now is a satirical novel by Anthony Trollope, published in London in 1875 after first appearing in serialised form.	The Way We Live Now	Anthony Trollope
author	The Royal Writ of the Foundation of the City of Tlaxcala, Mexico (in Spanish: Real cédula de la fundación de la ciudad de Tlaxcala, México) is the historical document issued by decree of Charles V on April 22, 1535, in Madrid, Spain, bestowing Tlaxcala the title of city.	Royal Writ of the Foundation of the City of Tlaxcala, Mexico	Charles V
author	Dark Star Safari (2002) is a written account of a trip taken by author Paul Theroux 'overland from Cairo to Cape Town' via trains, buses, cars, and armed convoy.	Dark Star Safari	Paul Theroux
author	Mota Coqueiro, ou A Pena de Morte (in English: Mota Coqueiro, or The Capital Punishment) is a 1877 novel by Brazilian journalist and writer José do Patrocínio.	Mota Coqueiro, ou A Pena de Morte	José do Patrocínio
author	Spadework is a novel by Canadian writer Timothy Findley set in the theater world of Stratford, Ontario.	Spadework	Timothy Findley
author	As part of Marvel NOW!, a new volume of Uncanny X-Men was launched in February 2013 with an April 2013 cover date, written by Brian Michael Bendis, who is also writing another X-Men title, All-New X-Men, and drawn by Chris Bachalo.	Uncanny X-Men	Brian Michael Bendis
author	The Tumbled House is a suspense novel written by Winston Graham, who is most famous for the Poldark series of historical novels.	The Tumbled House	Winston Graham
author	Myra Breckinridge is a 1968 satirical novel by Gore Vidal written in the form of a diary.	Myra Breckinridge	Gore Vidal
author	The One O'Clock Chop is a young adult novel by written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 2007.	The One O'Clock Chop	Ralph Fletcher
author	Sisterhood Everlasting is the fifth and last novel in Ann Brashares's ``Sisterhood'' series.	Sisterhood Everlasting	Ann Brashares
author	Sailing Alone Around the World (1900) is a sailing memoir by Joshua Slocum about his single-handed global circumnavigation aboard the sloop Spray.	Sailing Alone Around the World	Joshua Slocum
author	The Folk of the Fringe (1989) is a collection of post-apocalyptic stories by American writer Orson Scott Card.	The Folk of the Fringe	Orson Scott Card
author	A Turn in the South is a travelogue of the American South written by Nobel Prize-winning writer V. S. Naipaul.	A Turn in the South	V. S. Naipaul
author	The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a children's picture book designed, illustrated and written by Eric Carle, first published by the World Publishing Company in 1969, later published by Penguin Putnam.	The Very Hungry Caterpillar	Eric Carle
author	Concept of the Corporation (1946) is a book by management professor and sociologist Peter Drucker.	Concept of the Corporation	Peter Drucker
author	``Cock-A-Doodle-Doo! or, The Crowing of the Nobel Cock Beneventano'' is an 1853 short story by the American writer Herman Melville.	Cock-A-Doodle-Doo!	Herman Melville
author	Heimat ist das, was gesprochen wird (``Home Is What Is Spoken There'') is a book by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller.	Heimat ist das, was gesprochen wird	Herta Müller
author	Celebrations, Rituals of Peace and Prayer is a collection of poetry by African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou, published by Random House in 2006.	Celebrations, Rituals of Peace and Prayer	Maya Angelou
author	The Naked Face is the first novel (1970) written by Sidney Sheldon.	The Naked Face	Sidney Sheldon
author	Rex Libris is a science fiction / humor comic book series written and illustrated by James Turner.	Rex Libris	James Turner
author	Kiss the Dead is a 2012 New York Times bestselling erotic thriller by novelist Laurell K. Hamilton.	Kiss the Dead	Laurell K. Hamilton
author	Doesn't Anyone Blush Anymore? is a book on love and intimacy by Rabbi Manis Friedman, a Chabad Hasidic author and lecturer.	Doesn't Anyone Blush Anymore?	Manis Friedman
author	The Magehound is a fantasy novel by Elaine Cunningham, set in the world of the Forgotten Realms, and based on the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.	The Magehound	Elaine Cunningham
author	The 12.30 from Croydon (U.S. title: Wilful and Premeditated) is a detective novel by Freeman Wills Crofts first published in 1934.	The 12.30 from Croydon	Freeman Wills Crofts
author	The History of The Hobbit is a two-volume study of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Hobbit.	The History of The Hobbit	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Holy Deadlock is a 1934 satirical novel by the English author A. P. Herbert, which aimed to highlight the perceived inadequacies and absurdities of contemporary divorce law.	Holy Deadlock	A. P. Herbert
author	Woyzeck (German pronunciation: (ˈvɔʏtsɛk)) is a stage play written by Georg Büchner.	Woyzeck	Georg Büchner
author	Merchants of Doubt is a 2010 non-fiction book by American historians of science Naomi Oreskes and Erik M. Conway.	Merchants of Doubt	Naomi Oreskes	Erik M. Conway
author	Johannes Cabal the Necromancer is a 2009 supernatural fiction and black comedy novel written by Jonathan L. Howard.	Johannes Cabal the Necromancer	Jonathan L. Howard
author	The Runaway Summer of Davie Shaw is a book by Mario Puzo, first published in 1966.	The Runaway Summer of Davie Shaw	Mario Puzo
author	Chinese Destinies (1933) is a collection of essays about China and Chinese lives by Agnes Smedley, a left-wing journalist.	Chinese Destinies	Agnes Smedley
author	``How Watson Learned the Trick'' is a Sherlock Holmes parody written by Arthur Conan Doyle in 1922.	How Watson Learned the Trick	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Up from Jericho Tel is a children's novel written and illustrated by E. L. Konigsburg, published by Atheneum Books in 1986.	Up from Jericho Tel	E. L. Konigsburg
author	Wings of Hell is a science fiction novel by David Sherman and Dan Cragg; it was released on December 30, 2008.	Wings of Hell	David Sherman	Dan Cragg
author	The Fantasy/Science Fiction novel No Present Like Time (2005) by Steph Swainston is the sequel to the critically acclaimed The Year of Our War (2004).	No Present Like Time	Steph Swainston
author	Mannorð ('Reputation' or, in the author's translation, 'Repute' or 'Ill repute') is a novel by Bjarni Bjarnason, published by Uppheimar in 2011.	Mannorð	Bjarni Bjarnason
author	The Darkangel Trilogy is a series of high fantasy novels by American author Meredith Ann Pierce published between 1982 and 1990.	The Darkangel Trilogy	Meredith Ann Pierce
author	Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl is an autobiography by a young mother and fugitive slave published in 1861 by L. Maria Child, who edited the book for its author, Harriet Ann Jacobs.	Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl	Harriet Ann Jacobs
author	Babouk is a political-themed novel by Guy Endore, a fictionalized account of the Haitian Revolution told through the eyes of its titular slave.	Babouk	Guy Endore
author	La cuisine pour tous, Je sais cuisiner, The French Pocket Cookbook, or I Know How to Cook is a French cookbook edited by Ginette Mathiot and H. Delage.	La cuisine pour tous	Ginette Mathiot
author	Marie Tudor is an 1833 play by the French writer Victor Hugo.	Marie Tudor	Victor Hugo
author	Tales from the Political Trenches is a 2012 Australian political memoir by journalist and former Australian Labor Party politician Maxine McKew.	Tales from the Political Trenches	Maxine McKew
author	Angel of Ruin (also known as Fallen Angel) is a 2001 horror novel by Kim Wilkins.	Angel of Ruin	Kim Wilkins
author	The Perl Cookbook is written by Tom Christiansen and Nathan Torkington, and published by O'Reilly.	Perl Cookbook	Tom Christiansen	Nathan Torkington
author	Lady Midnight is a young adult contemporary novel by Cassandra Clare.	Lady Midnight	Cassandra Clare
author	The Gashlycrumb Tinies: or, After the Outing is an abecedarian book written by Edward Gorey that was first published in 1963.	The Gashlycrumb Tinies	Edward Gorey
author	A Personal Matter (Japanese: 個人的な体験; Kojinteki na taiken) is a novel by Japanese writer Kenzaburō Ōe.	A Personal Matter	Kenzaburō Ōe
author	Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity (1989), is a book by American philosopher Richard Rorty, based on two sets of lectures he gave at University College, London, and at Trinity College, Cambridge.	Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity	Richard Rorty
author	Poèmes saturniens is the first collection of poetry by Paul Verlaine, first published in 1866.	Poèmes saturniens	Paul Verlaine
author	Keeper of Dreams (2008) is a short story collection by Orson Scott Card.	Keeper of Dreams	Orson Scott Card
author	Afternoon Men is the first published novel by the English writer Anthony Powell.	Afternoon Men	Anthony Powell
author	Red Inferno: 1945 is a 2010 novel written by Robert Conroy, the author of other alternate history novels.	Red Inferno: 1945	Robert Conroy
author	The Lettres provinciales (Provincial letters) are a series of eighteen letters written by French philosopher and theologian Blaise Pascal under the pseudonym Louis de Montalte.	Lettres provinciales	Blaise Pascal
author	Mother of Kings is a historical novel by Poul Anderson.	Mother of Kings	Poul Anderson
author	The Fig Leaves Are Falling is a musical with a book and lyrics by Allan Sherman and music by Albert Hague.	The Fig Leaves Are Falling	Allan Sherman
author	The School for Husbands is a play written by Molière and originally performed in 1661 in Paris.	The School for Husbands	Molière
author	Calendar of Regrets is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen, published by Fiction Collective Two in 2010.	Calendar of Regrets	Lance Olsen
author	The Secret of the Nagas is the second novel of the Shiva trilogy series by the Indian author Amish Tripathi.	The Secret of the Nagas	Amish Tripathi
author	The World that was Ours (1967) is Hilda Bernstein's personal account of life in Johannesburg under the oppressive surveillance of the apartheid regime.	The World that was Ours	Hilda Bernstein
author	If I Had One Wish is a young adult novel by Jackie French Koller, about a teenager named Alex Lansing, whose little brother Stevie is always getting him in trouble.	If I Had One Wish	Jackie French Koller
author	The American Crisis is a pamphlet series by 18th century Enlightenment philosopher and author Thomas Paine, originally published from 1776 to 1783 during the American Revolution.	The American Crisis	Thomas Paine
author	The Young Lions (1948) is a novel by Irwin Shaw about three soldiers in World War II.	The Young Lions	Irwin Shaw
author	Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned is a 1997 crime novel by Walter Mosley.	Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned	Walter Mosley
author	De Natura Fossilium is a scientific text written by Georg Bauer also known as Georgius Agricola, first published in 1546.	De Natura Fossilium	Georgius Agricola
author	The Lure of the Mask is a 1908 novel by Harold MacGrath that was the fourth-best selling book in the United States for that year.	The Lure of the Mask	Harold MacGrath
author	The IHOP Papers is the debut novel of American author Ali Liebegott, and was first published on December 13, 2006 by Carroll & Graf.	The IHOP Papers	Ali Liebegott
author	The Roadmender is a 1902 Christian spiritual book by Margaret Barber, writing under the pseudonym Michael Fairless.	The Roadmender	Margaret Barber
author	Written in Bone is a novel written by the British crime fiction writer Simon Beckett, first published in 2007.	Written in Bone	Simon Beckett
author	Devil's Cub is a Georgian romance novel written by Georgette Heyer.	Devil's Cub	Georgette Heyer
author	Clotel; or, The President's Daughter is an 1853 novel by United States author and playwright William Wells Brown about Clotel and her sister, fictional slave daughters of Thomas Jefferson.	Clotel	William Wells Brown
author	New Finnish Grammar (Italian: Nuova grammatica finlandese) is a 2000 novel by the Italian writer Diego Marani.	New Finnish Grammar	Diego Marani
author	The British Edda is a 1930 English, Sumerian and Egyptian linguistics and mythology book written by Laurence Waddell about the adventures of El, Wodan and Loki forming an Eden Triad in the Garden of Eden.	The British Edda	Laurence Waddell
author	``The Young Folks'' was J. D. Salinger's first published story, published in Whit Burnett's Story magazine in the March--	The Young Folks	J. D. Salinger
author	The Removers is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1961.	The Removers	Donald Hamilton
author	Sister Carrie (1900) is a novel by Theodore Dreiser about a young country girl who moves to the big city where she starts realizing her own American Dream, first as a mistress to men that she perceives as superior, and later becoming a famous actress.	Sister Carrie	Theodore Dreiser
author	Romancero Gitano (translated as Gypsy Ballads) is a poetry collection by Spanish writer Federico García Lorca, published in 1928.	Gypsy Ballads	Federico García Lorca
author	The Oakdale Affair is a short contemporary mystery novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs.	The Oakdale Affair	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Dungeonscape was released in February 2007, and was written by Jason Bulmahn and Rich Burlew.	Dungeonscape	Jason Bulmahn	Rich Burlew
author	Empty World (1977) is a apocalyptic fiction novel written by John Christopher aimed at an adolescent audience.	Empty World	John Christopher
author	Último round (the title translates as Last Round, as in boxing) is a two-volume work by Julio Cortázar published by Siglo XXI Editores in 1969.	Último round	Julio Cortázar
author	With Shuddering Fall is the first novel by American author Joyce Carol Oates.	With Shuddering Fall	Joyce Carol Oates
author	Diana of the Crossways is a novel by George Meredith which was published in 1885.	Diana of the Crossways	George Meredith
author	``In Flanders Fields'' is a war poem in the form of a rondeau, written during the First World War by Canadian physician Lieutenant-Colonel John McCrae.	In Flanders Fields	John McCrae
author	Quest for Lost Heroes, published in 1990, is a novel by British fantasy writer David Gemmell.	Quest for Lost Heroes	David Gemmell
author	Théodore Poussin is a comic book series created by French writer Frank Le Gall about a glasses-wearing hero - it was first published in 1984, in Spirou magazine.	Théodore Poussin	Frank Le Gall
author	Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey is a 1996 young adult novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix.	Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey	Margaret Peterson Haddix
author	Jason and Marceline is a 1986 young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli.	Jason and Marceline	Jerry Spinelli
author	Flatterland is a 2001 book by mathematician and science popularizer Ian Stewart about non-Euclidean geometry.	Flatterland	Ian Stewart
author	The Five Greatest Warriors is the third thriller novel in the Jack West Jr. series, by the Australian writer Matthew Reilly.	The Five Greatest Warriors	Matthew Reilly
author	The Complete Opera Book is a guide to operas by American music critic and author Gustav Kobbé first published (posthumously) in the United States in 1919 and the United Kingdom in 1922.	The Complete Opera Book	Gustav Kobbé
author	Rights of Man (1791), a book by Thomas Paine, including 31 articles, posits that popular political revolution is permissible when a government does not safeguard the natural rights of its people.	Rights of Man	Thomas Paine
author	The Iron Druid Chronicles is a series of urban fantasy novels, written by Kevin Hearne and published by Del Rey Books.	The Iron Druid Chronicles	Kevin Hearne
author	The Legend of Sun Knight (simplified Chinese: 吾命骑士; traditional Chinese: 吾命騎士; Pinyin: wú mìng qíshì) is a Taiwanese light novel series written by Yu Wo.	The Legend of Sun Knight	Yu Wo
author	The Boy Detective Fails is the fourth novel by Chicago author Joe Meno, released by Punk Planet Books in 2006.	The Boy Detective Fails	Joe Meno
author	Meaning and Purpose, written by Kenneth Walker (author), was first published in September 1944 by Jonathan Cape, London, and republished by Pelican books in 1950.	Meaning and Purpose	Kenneth Walker
author	Lives of the Monster Dogs (1997) is a novel by Kirsten Bakis first published by Farrar, Straus & Giroux.	Lives of the Monster Dogs	Kirsten Bakis
author	Bring the Jubilee by Ward Moore is a 1953 novel of alternate history.	Bring the Jubilee	Ward Moore
author	The Infernal is a 1997 horror/fantasy novel by Kim Wilkins.	The Infernal	Kim Wilkins
author	``A Season in Hell'' (French: Une Saison en Enfer) is an extended poem in prose written and published in 1873 by French writer Arthur Rimbaud.	A Season in Hell	Arthur Rimbaud
author	Abeng (Ä běng) is a novel related to Maroons published in 1984 by Michelle Cliff.	Abeng	Michelle Cliff
author	The Genocidal Healer is a 1992 science fiction novel by author James White and is part of his Sector General series.	The Genocidal Healer	James White
author	Sons of Cain is a 1985 play by David Williamson about three female investigative reporters.	Sons of Cain	David Williamson
author	``Dragon and Phoenix'' is the second of the Dragonlord series by Joanne Bertin and was published in 1999.	Dragon and Phoenix	Joanne Bertin
author	The View from the Seventh Layer is a collection of thirteen short stories by American author Kevin Brockmeier.	The View from the Seventh Layer	Kevin Brockmeier
author	Robot Dreams (1986) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov, illustrated by Ralph McQuarrie.	Robot Dreams	Isaac Asimov
author	Dragon and Soldier is a 2004 science fiction novel by Timothy Zahn and the second book in his Dragonback series.	Dragon and Soldier	Timothy Zahn
author	Ham on Rye is a 1982 semi-autobiographical novel by American author and poet Charles Bukowski.	Ham on Rye	Charles Bukowski
author	The Forever War (1974) is a military science fiction novel by American author Joe Haldeman, telling the contemplative story of soldiers fighting an interstellar war between Man and the Taurans.	The Forever War	Joe Haldeman
author	Poussy is a Belgian comic strip created in 1949 by Peyo.	Poussy	Peyo
author	The Reluctant Tommy is a book written by Ronald Skirth who was a member of the Royal Garrison Artillery during the First World War.	The Reluctant Tommy	Ronald Skirth
author	The Global 2000 Report to the President was commissioned by President Jimmy Carter on May 23, 1977.	The Global 2000 Report to the President	Jimmy Carter
author	The New Soldier was published as both a hard and soft cover book in October, 1971, by Vietnam Veterans Against the War.	The New Soldier	Vietnam Veterans Against the War
author	Movements in European History was a school textbook, originally published by Oxford University Press, by the English author D. H. Lawrence.	Movements in European History	D. H. Lawrence
author	The Sporting Club is the 1968 debut novel of author Thomas McGuane.	The Sporting Club	Thomas McGuane
author	Waiting for the Mahatma is a 1955 novel by R. K. Narayan.	Waiting for the Mahatma	R. K. Narayan
author	A Suitable Boy is a novel by Vikram Seth, published in 1993.	A Suitable Boy	Vikram Seth
author	Excellent Cadavers is a 1995 non-fiction book by American author Alexander Stille about the Sicilian Mafia, concentrating on magistrate Giovanni Falcone's fight against the Mafia and his 1992 assassination.	Excellent Cadavers	Alexander Stille
author	Children of the Atom is a 1953 science fiction novel by Wilmar H. Shiras, which has been listed as one of ``The Most Significant SF & Fantasy Books of the Last 50 Years, 1953-2002.''	Children of the Atom	Wilmar H. Shiras
author	The Hungry Man ( ISBN 974-345-211-7 ) is a book written and illustrated by Oren Ginzburg in 2004.	The Hungry Man	Oren Ginzburg
author	The Battle of the Books is the name of a short satire written by Jonathan Swift and published as part of the prolegomena to his A Tale of a Tub in 1704.	The Battle of the Books	Jonathan Swift
author	Ensign O'Toole and Me is the title of a 1957 semi-autobiographical novel by William Lederer.	Ensign O'Toole and Me	William Lederer
author	Honour Among Thieves (1993) is a novel by English author Jeffrey Archer.	Honour Among Thieves	Jeffrey Archer
author	The Law of Success is a 1925 book -- actually in the form of a set of 15 separate booklets -- by Napoleon Hill.	The Law of Success	Napoleon Hill
author	The Secret of Platform 13 is a children's novel by Eva Ibbotson, and illustrated by Sue Porter, first published in 1994.	The Secret of Platform 13	Eva Ibbotson
author	The Bitter Price of Love, published in 1995, is one of the ``Single'' novels written by Amanda Browning and published by Harlequin Mills & Boon.	The Bitter Price of Love	Amanda Browning
author	``The Red-Headed League'' is one of the 56 Sherlock Holmes short stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Red-Headed League	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Return of the Bunny Suicides (2004) is the second bestselling book of black comedy cartoons by Andy Riley that depict the various ways bunnies attempt to kill themselves.	Return of the Bunny Suicides	Andy Riley
author	The Second Mrs. Giaconda, later The Second Mrs. Gioconda, is a historical novel for children by E. L. Konigsburg.	The Second Mrs. Giaconda	E. L. Konigsburg
author	World of Trouble is a 2014 American soft science fiction mystery novel by Ben H. Winters and published by Quirk Books.	World of Trouble	Ben H. Winters
author	``The Brave Little Tailor'' or ``The Valiant Little Tailor'' or ``The Gallant Tailor'' is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm, tale number 20.	The Brave Little Tailor	Brothers Grimm
author	Salmonella Men on Planet Porno (2006) is a collection of short stories by Japanese science fiction and metafiction writer Yasutaka Tsutsui, in English translation by Andrew Driver.	Salmonella Men on Planet Porno	Yasutaka Tsutsui
author	Crampton Hodnet is a comic novel by Barbara Pym, published posthumously in 1985.	Crampton Hodnet	Barbara Pym
author	Alfred and Emily is a book by Doris Lessing in a new hybrid form.	Alfred and Emily	Doris Lessing
author	Japan's Imperial Conspiracy is a nonfiction historical work by David Bergamini.	Japan's Imperial Conspiracy	David Bergamini
author	``Sorry, Right Number'' is a teleplay written by author Stephen King for an episode of the horror anthology series Tales from the Darkside.	Sorry, Right Number	Stephen King
author	The Doings of Raffles Haw (1891) is a novel by Scottish author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Doings of Raffles Haw	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	The Country of the Blind and Other Stories is a collection of thirty-three fantasy and science fiction short stories written by the English author H. G. Wells between 1894 and 1909.	The Country of the Blind and Other Stories	H. G. Wells
author	Sonnet 152 is a sonnet by William Shakespeare.	Sonnet 152	William Shakespeare
author	Feluda (Bengali: ফেলুদা), or Prodosh Chandra Mitra, (Bengali: প্রদোষ চন্দ্র মিত্র), who also uses the Anglicised name Pradosh C. Mitter, is a fictional private investigator starring in a series of Bengali novels and short stories written by Indian Bengali film director and writer Satyajit Ray.	Feluda	Satyajit Ray
author	Your Eyelids Are Growing Heavy is the fourth crime novel by the American writer Barbara Paul.	Your Eyelids Are Growing Heavy	Barbara Paul
author	The Marrow of Tradition (1901) is a historical novel by the African-American author Charles Chesnutt, set at the time and portraying a fictional account of the Wilmington Insurrection of 1898 in Wilmington, North Carolina.	The Marrow of Tradition	Charles Chesnutt
author	I Am Spock is the second volume of actor and director Leonard Nimoy's autobiography.	I Am Spock	Leonard Nimoy
author	The Rogue Mage series of fantasy novels were written by Faith Hunter about races of beings inhabiting a post-apocalyptic Earth of the not-too distant future.	Rogue Mage series	Faith Hunter
author	The Day of the Locust is a 1939 novel by American author Nathanael West, set in Hollywood, California.	The Day of the Locust	Nathanael West
author	The War of the Worlds is a science fiction novel by English author H. G. Wells first serialized in 1897 in the UK by Pearson's Magazine and in the US by Cosmopolitan magazine.	The War of the Worlds	H. G. Wells
author	The First Philippic was delivered by the Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes between 351 BC-350 BC. It constitutes the first speech of the prominent politician against Philip II of Macedon.	First Philippic	Demosthenes
author	The Twilight of the Grey Gods, also known as The Grey God Passes, is a short story by Robert E. Howard that blends history and fantasy.	The Twilight of the Grey Gods	Robert E. Howard
author	Lament for a Nation is a 1965 essay of political philosophy by Canadian philosopher George Grant.	Lament for a Nation	George Grant
author	The Legend of Thyl Ulenspiegel and Lamme Goedzak (French: La Légende et les Aventures héroïques, joyeuses et glorieuses d'Ulenspiegel et de Lamme Goedzak au pays de Flandres et ailleurs) is a 1867 novel by Belgian author Charles De Coster.	The Legend of Thyl Ulenspiegel and Lamme Goedzak	Charles De Coster
author	Henry and Ribsy is the third book in the Henry Huggins series of humorous children's novels written by Beverly Cleary.	Henry and Ribsy	Beverly Cleary
author	Darkness, Tell Us is a 1991 horror novel by Richard Laymon.	Darkness, Tell Us	Richard Laymon
author	The Dying of the Light is a 1993 crime novel by Michael Dibdin set in a nursing home.	The Dying of the Light	Michael Dibdin
author	The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a novel by American author Kim Edwards that tells the story of a man who gives away his newborn daughter, who has Down syndrome, to one of the nurses.	The Memory Keeper's Daughter	Kim Edwards
author	The Rosales Saga, also known as the Rosales Novels, is a series of five historical and political novels written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José.	The Rosales Saga	F. Sionil José
author	Cavalier, passe ton chemin! (``horseman, pass by!'') is a 2005 book by the French writer Michel Déon.	Cavalier, passe ton chemin!	Michel Déon
author	Ascending is a science fiction novel by the Canadian writer James Alan Gardner, published in 2001 by HarperCollins Publishers under its various imprints.	Ascending	James Alan Gardner
author	The Slow Natives (1965) is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Thea Astley, the first of her record number of four wins.	The Slow Natives	Thea Astley
author	Introduction to the Devout Life (French: Introduction à la vie dévote) is a book written by St. Francis de Sales, the first edition being published in 1609.	Introduction to the Devout Life	Francis de Sales
author	Universi Dominici gregis is an Apostolic Constitution of the Catholic Church issued by Pope John Paul II on February 22, 1996.	Universi Dominici gregis	John Paul II
author	The Gospel of Buddha was an 1894 book by Paul Carus.	The Gospel of Buddha	Paul Carus
author	Folk Stories from Southern Nigeria is a book by Elphinstone Dayrell, introduction by Andrew Lang, published in 1910.	Folk Stories from Southern Nigeria	Elphinstone Dayrell
author	Point & Click Linux! (ISBN 978-0131488724) is a 2004 book/video combination from NewsForge and Slashdot editor Robin ``Roblimo'' Miller and published by Addison-Wesley.	Point & Click Linux!	Roblimo
author	This Is How You Lose Her is the second collection of short stories by Junot Díaz.	This Is How You Lose Her	Junot Díaz
author	Futility, or the Wreck of the Titan is an 1898 novella written by Morgan Robertson.	Futility, or the Wreck of the Titan	Morgan Robertson
author	The Happy Lion (ISBN 0-375-82759-5) is a 1954 children's picture book by Louise Fatio and illustrated by Roger Duvoisin.	Happy Lion	Louise Fatio
author	Two Planets (German: Auf zwei Planeten, lit. On Two Planets, 1897) is an influential science fiction novel postulating intelligent life on Mars by Kurd Lasswitz.	Two Planets	Kurd Lasswitz
author	Zeluco is a 1789 novel by Scottish author John Moore that centers on the vicious deeds of the eponymous anti-hero, the evil Italian nobleman Zeluco.	Zeluco	John Moore
author	Saucer Country is a discontinued UFO mythology comic book series written by Paul Cornell and drawn by Ryan Kelly, published by Vertigo in 2012 and 2013.	Saucer Country	Paul Cornell
author	Wir Juden (We Jews) is a 1934 book by German rabbi Joachim Prinz that concerns Hitler's rise to power as a demonstration of the defeat of liberalism and assimilation as a solution for the Jewish Question, and advocated a Zionist alternative to save German Jews.	Wir Juden	Joachim Prinz
author	Fragrant Harbour (2002) is a novel by author John Lanchester.	Fragrant Harbour	John Lanchester
author	Cligès is a poem by the medieval French poet Chrétien de Troyes, dating from around 1176.	Cligès	Chrétien de Troyes
author	Three Hundred Years Hence is a utopian science fiction novel by author Mary Griffith.	Three Hundred Years Hence	Mary Griffith
author	The Merlin Conspiracy is a children's fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones, published by HarperCollins in April 2003, simultaneously in Britain and America.	The Merlin Conspiracy	Diana Wynne Jones
author	The Amelia Peabody series is a series of nineteen historical mystery novels and one non-fiction companion volume written by Egyptologist Barbara Mertz (1927-2013) under the pen name Elizabeth Peters.	Amelia Peabody series	Barbara Mertz
author	Prisoner 489 is a horror novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Prisoner 489	Joe R. Lansdale
author	The Cloister and the Hearth (1861) is an historical novel by the English author Charles Reade.	The Cloister and the Hearth	Charles Reade
author	Brooklyn August is a poem by Stephen King that first appeared in 1971 in Io magazine and was later collected in King's Nightmares & Dreamscapes in 1993.	Brooklyn August	Stephen King
author	Bookless in Baghdad is a 2005 book by author Shashi Tharoor that consists of a collection of previously published articles, book reviews and columns on writers, books and literary musings.	Bookless in Baghdad	Shashi Tharoor
author	``Le Bateau ivre'' (``The Drunken Boat'') is a 100-line verse-poem written in 1871 by Arthur Rimbaud.	Le Bateau ivre	Arthur Rimbaud
author	The Earth After Us is a 2008 non-fiction book by Jan Zalasiewicz about the geological legacy that humans might one day leave behind them.	The Earth After Us	Jan Zalasiewicz
author	The Africa House is a 1999 biography by British journalist and writer Christina Lamb.	The Africa House	Christina Lamb
author	En rade (English: Becalmed, A Haven or Stranded) is a novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans.	En rade	Joris-Karl Huysmans
author	The Hood's Army Trilogy is a trilogy of young adult science fiction novels by Christopher Evans, written under the pseudonym of Nathan Elliott and published in 1986.	The Hood's Army Trilogy	Christopher Evans
author	That Hideous Strength (subtitled A Modern Fairy-Tale for Grown-Ups) is a 1945 novel by C. S. Lewis, the final book in Lewis's theological science fiction Space Trilogy.	That Hideous Strength	C. S. Lewis
author	The Piratica Series is a series of young adult fantasy novels by Tanith Lee.	The Piratica Series	Tanith Lee
author	Future Evolution is a book written by paleontologist Peter Ward and illustrated by Alexis Rockman.	Future Evolution	Peter Ward
author	The One Percent Doctrine (ISBN 0-7432-7109-2) is a nonfiction book by Pulitzer Prize--winning journalist Ron Suskind about America's hunt for terrorists since September 11th, 2001.	The One Percent Doctrine	Ron Suskind
author	I'm Off (French: Je m'en vais) is a 1999 novel by the French writer Jean Echenoz.	I'm Off	Jean Echenoz
author	The Dolphins of Laurentum is a historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published on February 6, 2003 by Orion Books.	The Dolphins of Laurentum	Caroline Lawrence
author	A Pair of Blue Eyes is a novel by Thomas Hardy, published in 1873, first serialised between September 1872 and July 1873.	A Pair of Blue Eyes	Thomas Hardy
author	The Borrible Trilogy is a series of young adult books written by English writer Michael de Larrabeiti.	The Borrible Trilogy	Michael de Larrabeiti
author	Asterix and the Secret Weapon is the twenty-ninth volume of the Asterix comic book series and the fifth by Albert Uderzo alone.	Asterix and the Secret Weapon	Albert Uderzo
author	Ubik (/ˈjuːbɨk/ EW-bik) is a 1969 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick.	Ubik	Philip K. Dick
author	The Tribes and the States is a book written by American child prodigy William James Sidis that outlines the history of the Native Americans, focusing mostly on the Northeastern tribes and continuing up to the mid-19th century.	The Tribes and the States	William James Sidis
author	The Green Years is a 1944 novel by A. J. Cronin which traces the formative years of an Irish orphan, Robert Shannon, who is sent to live with his draconian maternal grandparents in Scotland.	The Green Years	A. J. Cronin
author	The Languages of Tolkien's Middle-earth is a book on the languages of Middle-earth by Ruth S. Noel.	The Languages of Tolkien's Middle-earth	Ruth S. Noel
author	The Chinese Gold Murders is a gong'an historical mystery novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty).	The Chinese Gold Murders	Robert van Gulik
author	The Night at the Museum, published in 1993, is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Milan Trenc.	The Night at the Museum	Milan Trenc
author	The Diary of Samuel Marchbanks, published by Clarke, Irwin in 1947, is the first of the Samuel Marchbanks books by Canadian novelist and journalist Robertson Davies.	The Diary of Samuel Marchbanks	Robertson Davies
author	Summer of the Aliens is a semi-autobiographical, 1990s play written by Louis Nowra.	Summer of the Aliens	Louis Nowra
author	Beautiful Bastard is an erotic romance novel by Christina Hobbs and Lauren Billings under the singular pen name of Christina Lauren.	Beautiful Bastard	Christina Lauren
author	The Condition of the Working Class in England is a 1845 book by the German philosopher Friedrich Engels, a study of the industrial working class in Victorian England.	The Condition of the Working Class in England	Friedrich Engels
author	Marriage in Heaven (Romanian: Nuntă în cer) is a 1938 novel by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade.	Marriage in Heaven	Mircea Eliade
author	``The Fir-Tree'' (Danish: Grantræet) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805--1875).	The Fir-Tree	Hans Christian Andersen
author	The Transcendence of the Ego (French: La Transcendance de l'ego: Esquisse d'une description phénomenologique) is a philosophical and psychological essay written by Jean-Paul Sartre in 1934 and published in 1936.	The Transcendence of the Ego	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	``A Guide to Berlin'' is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov, first published in 1925.	A Guide to Berlin	Vladimir Nabokov
author	A Dubious Legacy (1992) is a novel written by the British author Mary Wesley.	A Dubious Legacy	Mary Wesley
author	Journey Through the Impossible (French: Voyage à travers l'impossible) is an 1882 fantasy play written by Jules Verne, with the collaboration of Adolphe d'Ennery.	Journey Through the Impossible	Adolphe d'Ennery
author	Jumping the Queue (1983) is British novelist Mary Wesley´s first adult novel, published when the author was seventy years old.	Jumping the Queue	Mary Wesley
author	Bully for Brontosaurus (1991) is the fifth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.	Bully for Brontosaurus	Stephen Jay Gould
author	Involuntary Witness (Italian: Testimone Inconsapevole) is a legal thriller by Italian writer Gianrico Carofiglio, published originally in 2002 and translated into English by Patrick Creagh in 2005.	Involuntary Witness	Gianrico Carofiglio
author	Hans-Hermann Hoppe, who wrote the introduction to later editions of the book, described The Ethics of Liberty as Murray Rothbard's second magnum opus, the other being Man, Economy, and State (1962).	The Ethics of Liberty	Murray Rothbard
author	Travels with My Aunt (1969) is a novel written by English author Graham Greene.	Travels with My Aunt	Graham Greene
author	Allies and Aliens is a single-volume work encompassing the novels The Torch of Honor and Rogue Powers by Roger MacBride Allen.	Allies and Aliens	Roger MacBride Allen
author	Indigenous Peoples in International Law (ISBN 0-19517-350-3) is a book written by James Anaya.	Indigenous Peoples in International Law	James Anaya
author	No Time Like the Present is a 2012 novel by South African writer Nadine Gordimer.	No Time Like the Present	Nadine Gordimer
author	The Fairy Gunmother (1987, orig. French: La fée carabine) is a comic novel by the French novelist Daniel Pennac, the second in his Malaussène saga.	The Fairy Gunmother	Daniel Pennac
author	More Pricks Than Kicks is a collection of short prose by Samuel Beckett, first published in 1934.	More Pricks Than Kicks	Samuel Beckett
author	The Book of My Lives is the first book of nonfiction by the Bosnian-American novelist Aleksandar Hemon.	The Book of My Lives	Aleksandar Hemon
author	Were You Always an Italian? is a memoir written by American author Maria Laurino and published by W.W. Norton in 2000.	Were You Always an Italian?	Maria Laurino
author	The Edge of Sadness is a novel by the American author Edwin O'Connor.	The Edge of Sadness	Edwin O'Connor
author	Jixiao Xinshu (simplified Chinese: 纪效新书; traditional Chinese: 紀效新書; pinyin: Jìxiào xīnshū) or New Treatise on Military Efficiency was a military manual written by the Chinese general Qi Jiguang (戚继光) of the Ming dynasty.	Jixiao Xinshu	Qi Jiguang
author	The Alto Wore Tweed is the first novel in the St. Germaine mystery series by Mark Schweizer.	The Alto Wore Tweed	Mark Schweizer
author	The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas (Portuguese: Memorias Posthumas de Braz Cubas, modern spelling Memórias Póstumas de Brás Cubas), often subtitled as the Epitaph of a Small Winner, is a novel by the Brazilian writer Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis.	The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas	Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis
author	The Sorrows of Young Werther (German: Die Leiden des jungen Werthers) is an epistolary, loosely autobiographical novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, first published in 1774.	The Sorrows of Young Werther	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
author	A Witness Tree is a collection of poems by Robert Frost, first published in 1942.	A Witness Tree	Robert Frost
author	The New Confessions (1987) is a novel of the Scottish writer William Boyd.	The New Confessions	William Boyd
author	Home from the Sea (2012) is a fantasy novel written by Mercedes Lackey and part of her Elemental Masters series.	Home from the Sea	Mercedes Lackey
author	The Ten Teacups (U.S. title: The Peacock Feather Murders), is a locked room mystery by American mystery writer John Dickson Carr, writing as Carter Dickson.	The Ten Teacups	John Dickson Carr
author	The Secret Chord (2015) is a novel about King David by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Geraldine Brooks.	The Secret Chord	Geraldine Brooks
author	The Gilded Man (also published as Death and the Gilded Man) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906--1977), who published it under the name of Carter Dickson.	The Gilded Man	John Dickson Carr
author	The Small Rain is a semi-autobiographical novel by Madeleine L'Engle, about the many difficulties in the life of talented pianist Katherine Forrester between the ages of 10 and 19.	The Small Rain	Madeleine L'Engle
author	The Pagan Lord is the seventh historical novel in the Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell, first published in 2013.	The Pagan Lord	Bernard Cornwell
author	Je voudrais pas crever (I wouldn't want to croak) is a collection of poetry by French author Boris Vian, published posthumously in 1962.	Je voudrais pas crever	Boris Vian
author	The Old Front Line (ISBN 0-85052-936-0) is a military history book by English poet John Masefield, first published in 1917.	The Old Front Line	John Masefield
author	Oh, whistle and I'll come to you, my lad is the title and refrain of a 1793 poem and song by Robert Burns.	Oh, whistle and I'll come to you, my lad	Robert Burns
author	Death of the Fox is a 1971 historical fiction novel written by George Garrett.	Death of the Fox	George Garrett
author	Briar's Book by Tamora Pierce, is a fantasy novel set in the fictional duchy of Emelan.	Briar's Book	Tamora Pierce
author	The Snakes of Europe is a book written by the Belgian-British zoologist George Albert Boulenger in 1913 which is described in the author's preface as the first book written in English describing the snakes found in Europe.	The Snakes of Europe	George Albert Boulenger
author	Turcaret (or Le Financier) is a comedy by Alain-René Lesage, first produced on 14 February 1709 at the Comédie-Française in Paris.	Turcaret	Alain-René Lesage
author	Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key, written by Jack Gantos, is the first in a series of books featuring Joey Pigza.	Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key	Jack Gantos
author	Rimrunners is a science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh and set in her Alliance-Union universe, in which humanity has split into three major power blocs:	Rimrunners	C. J. Cherryh
award received	Hans Beißwenger (8 November 1916 -- 6 March 1943) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II. A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat.	Hans Beißwenger	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Château-Thierry is one of 64 French towns to have received the Legion of Honour.	Château-Thierry	Legion of Honour
award received	Mikhail Koshkin was posthumously awarded the State Stalin Prize in 1942 and the Order of the Red Star.	Mikhail Koshkin	State Stalin Prize	Order of the Red Star
award received	In 2000, The Tall T was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.''	The Tall T	National Film Registry
award received	In 2007 Vija Artmane was decorated with the Order of the Three Stars, which is conferred in recognition of outstanding civil merit in the service of Latvia.	Vija Artmane	Order of the Three Stars
cast member	Baiga vasara (English: Dangerous Summer) is a 2000 Latvian film directed by Aigars Grauba starring Inese Cauna, Uldis Dumpis, Eduards Pāvuls, Jānis Reinis, and Artūrs Skrastiņš.	Baiga vasara	Jānis Reinis	Artūrs Skrastiņš
cast member	Fric-Frac is a 1939 French comedy film directed by Claude Autant-Lara and Maurice Lehmann, starring Fernandel, Arletty and Michel Simon.	Fric-Frac	Fernandel	Arletty	Michel Simon
cast member	Lal Pahare'r Katha (a story of the red hills), is a 2007 unreleased Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Remo D'Souza, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rishi, Shankar Chakravarty, Diya and Piyali.	Lal Pahare'r Katha	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	There's Always a Thursday is a 1957 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Charles Victor, Jill Ireland, Lloyd Lamble and Robert Raglan.	There's Always a Thursday	Charles Victor	Jill Ireland
cast member	The headline stars of Space: 1999 were American actors Martin Landau and Barbara Bain, who were married at the time and had previously appeared together in Mission:	Space: 1999	Martin Landau
cast member	Anbe Sivam (English: Love Is God) is a 2003 Indian Tamil comedy-drama film written by Kamal Haasan and directed by Sundar C. and inspired by the American film Planes, Trains and Automobiles (1987).	Anbe Sivam	Kamal Haasan
cast member	He cast the lead actress, Angela Jones, in Pulp Fiction and later backed the filmmakers' production of a feature-length version of Curdled.	Pulp Fiction	Angela Jones
cast member	Max Takes Tonics (French: Max victime du quinquina) is a 1911 French film directed by Max Linder.	Max Takes Tonics	Max Linder
cast member	George White's 1935 Scandals is best remembered as the major film debut of a young dancer named Eleanor Powell, here performing a ``specialty dance''.	George White's 1935 Scandals	Eleanor Powell
cast member	The Black Watch is a 1929 American Pre-Code adventure epic film directed by John Ford and starring Victor McLaglen, Myrna Loy, and David Torrence.	The Black Watch	Victor McLaglen	Myrna Loy	David Torrence
cast member	The Fighting Seabees is a 1944 war film starring John Wayne and Susan Hayward.	The Fighting Seabees	John Wayne	Susan Hayward
cast member	The Baldy Man is a television series starring Gregor Fisher, a Scottish comedian.	The Baldy Man	Gregor Fisher
cast member	Fated to Love You (Chinese: 命中注定我愛你; pinyin: Mìng zhòng zhù dìng wǒ ài nǐ), also known as You're My Destiny, Sticky Note Girl or Destiny Love, is a 2008 Taiwanese drama starring Joe Chen, Ethan Juan, Baron Chen and Bianca Bai.	Fated to Love You	Joe Chen	Baron Chen
cast member	The Playbirds is a 1978 British sexploitation film made by Irish-born director Willy Roe and starring 1970s' pin-up Mary Millington alongside Glynn Edwards, Suzy Mandel and Windsor Davies.	The Playbirds	Mary Millington	Glynn Edwards	Suzy Mandel
cast member	Jo Hum Chahein (Hindi: जो हम चाहें; What We Want) is a 2011 Hindi romance film directed by Pawan Gill, starring Sunny Gill, Simran Mundi, Alyy Khan and Achint Kaur.	Jo Hum Chahein	Sunny Gill
cast member	Demons Never Die (originally titled Suicide Kids) is a British 2011 slasher film starring Robert Sheehan, Jennie Jacques, Jacob Anderson, Jason Maza, Emma Rigby.	Demons Never Die	Robert Sheehan	Jennie Jacques	Jacob Anderson	Jason Maza	Emma Rigby
cast member	Dangerously Delicious is a 2012 American stand-up comedy film written by and starring Aziz Ansari.	Dangerously Delicious	Aziz Ansari
cast member	Naples is a Song (Italian:Napoli è una canzone) is a 1927 Italian silent film directed by Eugenio Perego and starring Leda Gys, Angelo Ferrari and Giuseppe Gherardi.	Naples is a Song	Leda Gys	Angelo Ferrari
cast member	Heidi and Peter (German:Heidi und Peter) is a 1955 Swiss family drama film directed by Franz Schnyder and starring Heinrich Gretler, Elsbeth Sigmund and Thomas Klameth.	Heidi and Peter	Heinrich Gretler	Elsbeth Sigmund
cast member	Sins of Silence, is an American 1996 drama TV film directed by Sam Pillsbury, and starring Holly Marie Combs and Lindsay Wagner.	Sins of Silence	Holly Marie Combs	Lindsay Wagner
cast member	The Amazing Colossal Man (aka The Colossal Man) is a 1957 black-and-white science fiction film, directed by Bert I. Gordon and starring Glenn Langan.	The Amazing Colossal Man	Glenn Langan
cast member	Major Payne is a 1995 American military comedy film directed by Nick Castle and written by and starring Damon Wayans.	Major Payne	Damon Wayans
cast member	The Off Season is a 2004 independent horror film directed by James Felix McKenney and produced by Larry Fessenden's Glass Eye Pix.	The Off Season	Larry Fessenden
cast member	Quiet Please, Murder is a 1942 drama directed by John Larkin, starring George Sanders, Gail Patrick and Richard Denning.	Quiet Please, Murder	George Sanders	Gail Patrick	Richard Denning
cast member	Red Passport (Italian:Passaporto rosso) is a 1935 Italian historical drama film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Isa Miranda, Filippo Scelzo and Ugo Ceseri.	Red Passport	Isa Miranda	Filippo Scelzo	Ugo Ceseri
cast member	Opium and the Kung-Fu Master is a 1984 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Tang Chia, who also serves as one of the film's action directors, and stars Ti Lung as the titular protagonist.	Opium and the Kung-Fu Master	Ti Lung
cast member	First Sunday is a 2008 American comedy film written, produced and directed by David E. Talbert, and produced by Ice Cube, who also starred in the lead role.	First Sunday	Ice Cube
cast member	Sudden Impact is a 1983 American action film and the fourth film in the Dirty Harry series, directed by Clint Eastwood (making it the only Dirty Harry film to be directed by Eastwood himself), and starring Eastwood and Sondra Locke.	Sudden Impact	Clint Eastwood	Sondra Locke
cast member	Submarine D-1 is a 1937 drama directed by Lloyd Bacon, starring Pat O'Brien, George Brent and Wayne Morris.	Submarine D-1	Pat O'Brien	George Brent	Wayne Morris
cast member	The Triumph of the Rat is a 1926 British silent film drama, directed by Graham Cutts for Gainsborough Pictures and starring Ivor Novello, Isabel Jeans and Nina Vanna.	The Triumph of the Rat	Ivor Novello	Isabel Jeans	Nina Vanna
cast member	The Vanishing Rider is a 1928 Western film serial directed by Ray Taylor and featuring William Desmond and Ethlyne Clair.	The Vanishing Rider	William Desmond	Ethlyne Clair
cast member	Bandhana (Kannada: ಬಂಧನ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada language film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu, based on a novel Usha Navaratnanram of the same name, and starring Vishnuvardhan and Suhasini in the lead roles.	Bandhana	Vishnuvardhan
cast member	Maid's Night Out is a 1938 American romantic comedy film made by RKO Radio Pictures and starring Joan Fontaine and Allan Lane.	Maid's Night Out	Joan Fontaine	Allan Lane
cast member	American Madness is a 1932 American Pre-Code film directed by Frank Capra and starring Walter Huston as a New York banker embroiled in scandal.	American Madness	Walter Huston
cast member	School for Secrets (also known as Secret Flight) is a 1946 British black and white film written and directed by Peter Ustinov and starring Ralph Richardson.	School for Secrets	Ralph Richardson
cast member	Dead Lenny is a 2007 action film starring Steven Bauer and Armand Assante, released under the tagline ``Unfortunately, Lenny's promised everyone the money.''	Dead Lenny	Steven Bauer
cast member	Amber Michaels, Daisy Chain, Gina Ryder, Jewel De'Nyle, Lene, Sydnee Steele, Taylor Moore, Tina Thomas, Torri & Wendy Divine The 4 Finger Club 2 (1999):	The 4 Finger Club	Jewel De'Nyle
cast member	The Gigolos is a 2005 British comedy film directed by Richard Bracewell, starring Sacha Tarter, Trevor Sather and Ben Willbond alongside Susannah York, Anna Massey and Siân Phillips.	The Gigolos	Trevor Sather	Ben Willbond	Susannah York	Anna Massey
cast member	Flying Virus (also titled Killer Buzz) is a 2001 American-Brazilian horror film written and directed by Jeff Hare, which starred Gabrielle Anwar and Rutger Hauer.	Flying Virus	Gabrielle Anwar	Rutger Hauer
cast member	No Other Woman is a 2011 Filipino romantic drama film starring Anne Curtis, Derek Ramsay, and Cristine Reyes.	No Other Woman	Anne Curtis	Derek Ramsay	Cristine Reyes
cast member	The Postman from Longjumeau (German: Der Postillon von Lonjumeau) is a 1936 Austrian-Swiss musical comedy film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Carl Esmond, Rose Stradner and Alfred Neugebauer.	The Postman from Longjumeau	Carl Esmond	Rose Stradner	Alfred Neugebauer
cast member	Horrors of the Black Museum (1959) is a British horror film starring Michael Gough and directed by Arthur Crabtree.	Horrors of the Black Museum	Michael Gough
cast member	Secret Treasure (Chinese: 神秘寶藏) is an upcoming Chinese period adventure film directed by Ronald Cheng and Gordon Chan and starring Ronald Cheng, Dayo Wong, Fala Chen and Joyce Feng.	Secret Treasure	Ronald Cheng
cast member	Beyond Rangoon is a 1995 drama film directed by John Boorman about Laura Bowman (played by Patricia Arquette), an American tourist who vacations in Burma (Myanmar) in 1988, the year in which the 8888 Uprising takes place.	Beyond Rangoon	Patricia Arquette
cast member	Frisco Sally Levy (aka ``Véspera de Natal'') is a lost 1927 comedy silent film directed by William Beaudine and starring Sally O'Neil and Roy D'Arcy, which was released on April 2, 1927.	Frisco Sally Levy	Sally O'Neil
cast member	Wild and Wonderful is a 1964 film comedy starring Tony Curtis and his then-wife Christine Kaufmann (whom he had married in 1963).	Wild and Wonderful	Tony Curtis	Christine Kaufmann
cast member	Horror Rises from the Tomb (Spanish: El espanto surge de la tumba), is a 1972 Spanish horror film starring Jacinto Molina (also known as Paul Naschy) and was directed by Carlos Aured.	Horror Rises from the Tomb	Paul Naschy
cast member	German Version (F.P.1 antwortet nicht) Hans Albers as Ellissen Sybille Schmitz as Claire Lennartz Paul Hartmann:	F.P.1	Hans Albers	Sybille Schmitz	Paul Hartmann
cast member	Down Came a Blackbird is a 1995 drama film made for TV starring Raúl Juliá.	Down Came a Blackbird	Raúl Juliá
cast member	I Like Your Nerve is a 1931 American romantic comedy film directed by William C. McGann, starring Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. and Loretta Young.	I Like Your Nerve	Douglas Fairbanks	Loretta Young
cast member	Something Money Can't Buy is a 1952 British film starring Patricia Roc and Anthony Steel.	Something Money Can't Buy	Patricia Roc	Anthony Steel
cast member	The Secret Nights of Lucrezia Borgia (Italian:Le notti segrete di Lucrezia Borgia, Spanish:Las noches secretas de Lucrecia Borgia) is a 1982 Italian-Spanish historical film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero and starring Sirpa Lane, George Hilton and Willey Reynolds.	The Secret Nights of Lucrezia Borgia	Sirpa Lane	George Hilton
cast member	The Sun Behind the Clouds looks at China's occupation of Tibet from the perspective of the vocally secessionist Tibetan youth, and from that of their spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, whose reaction to the Chinese presence has been markedly less confrontational.	The Sun Behind the Clouds	Dalai Lama
cast member	Just Nuts is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd playing the character that preceded his glasses character.	Just Nuts	Harold Lloyd
cast member	The Eternal Question is a lost 1916 American silent drama film drama starring Olga Petrova and directed by Burton L. King.	The Eternal Question	Olga Petrova
cast member	Particles of Truth is a 2003 low-budget independent film directed, written by and starring Jennifer Elster, with Gale Harold.	Particles of Truth	Jennifer Elster	Gale Harold
cast member	Se los chupó la bruja (``The Witch Suckled Them'') is a 1958 Mexican horror comedy film directed by Jaime Salvador and starring the double act Viruta y Capulina (Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine), Sonia Furió, and Octávio Arias.	Se los chupó la bruja	Marco Antonio Campos	Gaspar Henaine
cast member	Thookku Thookki (Tamil: தூக்குத் தூக்கி) is a 1954 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan, Lalitha and Padmini.	Thookku Thookki	Sivaji Ganesan	Padmini
cast member	The Hee Haw Silver episodes spotlighted many of the classic comedy skits and moments from the show, with a series of retrospective looks at performers who had since died, such as David ``Stringbean'' Akeman, Archie Campbell, Junior Samples, and Kenny Price.	Hee Haw	Archie Campbell	Junior Samples
cast member	Mina, aka ``Bambola'' Stefano Dionisi:	Bambola	Stefano Dionisi
cast member	Min and Bill stars Marie Dressler (Min), Wallace Beery (Bill), Dorothy Jordan (Nancy), and Marjorie Rambeau (Bella, Nancy's ill-reputed mother), and was directed by George W. Hill.	Min and Bill	Dorothy Jordan	Marjorie Rambeau
cast member	Lonesome Luke, Social Gangster is a 1915 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.	Lonesome Luke, Social Gangster	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Tarzan the Fearless (1933) is a 12 chapter American Pre-Code film serial starring Buster Crabbe in his only appearance as Tarzan.	Tarzan the Fearless	Buster Crabbe
cast member	Adam's Woman is a 1970 Australian-American historical drama film directed by Philip Leacock and starring Beau Bridges, Jane Merrow and John Mills.	Adam's Woman	Beau Bridges	Jane Merrow
cast member	The Invincible Six is a 1970 American-Iranian adventure film directed by Jean Negulesco and starring Stuart Whitman, Elke Sommer, Curd Jürgens and Ian Ogilvy.	The Invincible Six	Stuart Whitman	Elke Sommer	Curd Jürgens	Ian Ogilvy
cast member	Jeevana Chaitra (Kannada: ಜೀವನ ಚೈತ್ರ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada language feature film directed by the duo Dorai - Bhagavan starring Rajkumar and Madhavi in lead roles.	Jeevana Chaitra	Rajkumar
cast member	And the Heavens Above Us (German:Und über uns der Himmel) is a 1947 German drama film directed by Josef von Báky and starring Hans Albers, Paul Edwin Roth and Lotte Koch.	And the Heavens Above Us	Hans Albers	Paul Edwin Roth	Lotte Koch
cast member	Muddina Maava (English Translation: Beloved father-in-law) is a Kannada language feature film released in 1993, starring Shashi Kumar, Shruti, S.P.Balasubrahmanyam, Tara.	Muddina Maava	Shruti	Tara
cast member	A Peasant on a Bicycle (Bulgarian: Селянинът с Колелото / Selyaninat s Koleloto) is a Bulgarian drama film released in 1974, directed by Lyudmil Kirkov, starring Georgi Georgiev - Gets, Diana Chelebieva, Georgi Rusev and Evstati Stratev.	A Peasant on a Bicycle	Georgi Rusev	Evstati Stratev
cast member	Octomom Home Alone is a pornographic film featuring prominent American mother Nadya Suleman, also known as ``Octomom'', masturbating.	Octomom Home Alone	Nadya Suleman
cast member	Along the Rio Grande is a 1941 Western starring Tim Holt.	Along the Rio Grande	Tim Holt
cast member	Halla Bol stars Ajay Devgan and Vidya Balan in pivotal roles and a number of celebrities from the Hindi film industry appear as themselves.	Halla Bol	Ajay Devgan
cast member	The Golden Blade is an adventure film from 1953 directed by Nathan Juran and starring Rock Hudson as Harun Al-Rashid and Piper Laurie as Princess Khairuzan.	The Golden Blade	Rock Hudson	Piper Laurie
cast member	Mr. Nanny is a 1993 family comedy film starring professional wrestler Hulk Hogan.	Mr. Nanny	Hulk Hogan
cast member	Shadowless Sword (Hangul: 무영검; RR: Muyeonggeom) is a 2005 South Korean film starring Lee Seo-jin, Yoon So-yi, and Shin Hyun-joon.	Shadowless Sword	Lee Seo-jin	Yoon So-yi
cast member	The Badge is a 2002 mystery-thriller film, directed by Robby Henson and stars Billy Bob Thornton, Patricia Arquette and William Devane.	The Badge	Billy Bob Thornton	Patricia Arquette	William Devane
cast member	Lost in Hong Kong is a 2015 Chinese comedy film directed, co-written and co-produced by Xu Zheng, starring himself along with Bao Bei'er, Zhao Wei, and Du Juan.	Lost in Hong Kong	Xu Zheng	Bao Bei'er	Zhao Wei	Du Juan
cast member	Old San Francisco is a 1927 American silent historical drama film starring Dolores Costello and Warner Oland, and directed by Alan Crosland.	Old San Francisco	Dolores Costello	Warner Oland
cast member	Hunterwali (A Woman with a Whip) is a 1935 Hindi stunt film by the Wadia Movietone company of Bombay (now Mumbai), featuring Fearless Nadia as the heroine.	Hunterwali	Fearless Nadia
cast member	Brother Alfred is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Gene Gerrard, Molly Lamont and Elsie Randolph.	Brother Alfred	Gene Gerrard	Molly Lamont	Elsie Randolph
cast member	It Isn't Done is a 1937 Australian comedy film about a grazier (Cecil Kellaway) who inherits a barony in England.	It Isn't Done	Cecil Kellaway
cast member	Ek Ladka Ek Ladki (Hindi: एक लड़का एक लड़की, Urdu: ایک لڑکا ایک لڑکی‎, translation: A boy and a girl) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Vijay Sadanah, starring Salman Khan and Neelam Kothari.	Ek Ladka Ek Ladki	Salman Khan	Neelam Kothari
cast member	The Far Call is a 1929 American lost film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Charles Morton and Leila Hyams.	The Far Call	Charles Morton	Leila Hyams
cast member	Sleeping Fist is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Teddy Yip and starring Bryan Leung and Yuen Siu-tien.	Sleeping Fist	Bryan Leung	Yuen Siu-tien
cast member	A Man Among Giants is a documentary film directed by Rod Webber which documents the misadventures of Doug 'Tiny The Terrible' Tunstall, a black, republican little-person who ran for Mayor of Pawtucket, Rhode Island in 2006.	A Man Among Giants	Tiny The Terrible
cast member	A Matter of Resistance (French: La Vie de château) is a 1965 French romantic comedy film co-written and directed by Jean-Paul Rappeneau, and starring Catherine Deneuve, Pierre Brasseur, Philippe Noiret and Henri Garcin.	A Matter of Resistance	Catherine Deneuve	Pierre Brasseur	Philippe Noiret	Henri Garcin
cast member	The teaser of Ram Charan Teja's new film Govindudu Andarivadele is out and proves just that.	Govindudu Andarivadele	Ram Charan Teja
cast member	Hariyali Aur Rasta is a triangular love story among Shankar (Manoj Kumar), Shobhana (Mala Sinha) and Rita (Shashikala).	Hariyali Aur Rasta	Shashikala
cast member	Poor But Honest (Mexican:Pobre, pero honrada!) is a 1973 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco, Fernando Soler and Norma Lazareno.	Poor But Honest	María Elena Velasco
cast member	The Seven Madmen (Spanish: Los siete locos, also known as The Revolution of the Seven Madmen) is a 1973 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and starring Alfredo Alcón, Norma Aleandro and Héctor Alterio.	The Seven Madmen	Alfredo Alcón	Norma Aleandro	Héctor Alterio
cast member	Queens Logic is a 1991 comedy from Seven Arts Pictures starring Kevin Bacon, Linda Fiorentino, Joe Mantegna, Jamie Lee Curtis, John Malkovich, Ken Olin, Chloe Webb and Tom Waits.	Queens Logic	Kevin Bacon	Linda Fiorentino	Joe Mantegna	Jamie Lee Curtis	John Malkovich	Ken Olin	Chloe Webb	Tom Waits
cast member	Sayyidat al-Qasr (Arabic: سيدة القصر‎, English: Lady of the Palace) is a 1958 Egyptian romance film starring Faten Hamama and Omar Sharif.	Sayyidat al-Qasr	Faten Hamama	Omar Sharif
cast member	The Ape Man is a 1943 horror-science fiction film starring Bela Lugosi and directed by William Beaudine.	The Ape Man	Bela Lugosi
cast member	Ask Dad is a 1929 American film directed by Hugh Faulcon and starring Edward Everett Horton, Winston Miller and Ruth Renick.	Ask Dad	Edward Everett Horton	Winston Miller
cast member	Rudderless is a 2014 American musical drama film the directorial debut of William H. Macy, and stars Billy Crudup, Felicity Huffman, Laurence Fishburne, Anton Yelchin and Ben Kweller.	Rudderless	Billy Crudup	Felicity Huffman	Laurence Fishburne	Anton Yelchin
cast member	Maayavi is a 2005 Tamil comedy-drama film directed by Singampuli that stars Suriya and Jyothika who plays a fictional version of herself, whilst Vijaykanth and Roja play short cameo roles.	Maayavi	Suriya	Jyothika
cast member	Johnny Oro, also known as Ringo and His Golden Pistol, is a 1966 Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Corbucci and starring Mark Damon.	Johnny Oro	Mark Damon
cast member	The Power of Few was produced by Marucci through Steelyard Pictures with Q'orianka Kilcher and her company iQ Films.	The Power of Few	Q'orianka Kilcher
cast member	Look After Your Daughters (German:Hütet eure Töchter) is a 1922 Austrian silent comedy film directed by Sidney M. Goldin and starring Franz Höbling, Anny Ondra and Carl Lamac.	Look After Your Daughters	Franz Höbling
cast member	Traces of Love is a 2006 South Korean film directed by Kim Dae-seung, and starring Yoo Ji-tae, Kim Ji-soo, and Uhm Ji-won.	Traces of Love	Uhm Ji-won
cast member	Congo Crossing is a 1956 adventure film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Virginia Mayo and George Nader.	Congo Crossing	Virginia Mayo	George Nader
cast member	The Hoax is a 2006 American drama film starring Richard Gere, directed by Lasse Hallström.	The Hoax	Richard Gere
cast member	Florence Masebe as Elelwani Vusi Kunene as Prince Thovele Mutodi Neshehe	Elelwani	Florence Masebe
cast member	Street Without a King (French: La rue sans loi), is a French comedy film from 1950, directed by Marcel Gibaud, based on the cartoons by Albert Dubout, and starring André Gabriello as gangster Sparadra and featuring Louis de Funès as a music teacher.	Street Without a King	André Gabriello	Louis de Funès
cast member	Sehnsucht 202 was Luise Rainer's film debut.	Sehnsucht 202	Luise Rainer
cast member	Carry On Sergeant is a 1958 comedy film starring William Hartnell, Bob Monkhouse and Eric Barker; it is the first in the series of Carry On films, with 31 entries.	Carry On Sergeant	William Hartnell	Bob Monkhouse	Eric Barker
cast member	Black Limelight is a 1936 play by Gordon Sherry that in 1938 became a British crime film directed by Paul L. Stein, starring Joan Marion and Raymond Massey.	Black Limelight	Raymond Massey
cast member	Grand Larceny is a 1987 thriller film directed by Jeannot Szwarc and starring Marilu Henner, Ian McShane, Omar Sharif and Louis Jourdan.	Grand Larceny	Marilu Henner	Ian McShane	Omar Sharif	Louis Jourdan
cast member	The Fighting Devil Dogs (1938) is a 12-chapter Republic movie serial starring Lee Powell and Herman Brix, the latter better known by his later stage name, Bruce Bennett.	The Fighting Devil Dogs	Lee Powell	Bruce Bennett
cast member	She Wouldn't Say Yes is a 1945 screwball comedy film directed by Alexander Hall and starring Rosalind Russell and Lee Bowman.	She Wouldn't Say Yes	Rosalind Russell	Lee Bowman
cast member	I'm Bout It is a 1997 American drama comedy film by rapper Master P. The film stars Master P, Moon Jones, Anthony Boswell, Silkk the Shocker, Mack 10, C-Murder, Mia X and Mr. Serv-On.	I'm Bout It	Master P
cast member	Je suis timide mais je me soigne is a French comedy film directed by Pierre Richard released in 1978.	Je suis timide mais je me soigne	Pierre Richard
cast member	The Last Lullaby is 2008 drama/noir film starring Tom Sizemore, and Sasha Alexander.	The Last Lullaby	Tom Sizemore	Sasha Alexander
cast member	Love Mein Ghum (Urdu: لو میں گم‎; English: Spellbound In Love, earlier titled Kitni Haseen Hai Zindagi) is a Pakistani Urdu Romance/Musical film, directed and produced by Reema Khan.	Love Mein Ghum	Reema Khan
cast member	Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy? is a 2013 French animated documentary film by Michel Gondry about the philosopher and political activist Noam Chomsky.	Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?	Michel Gondry	Noam Chomsky
cast member	Vivacious Lady is a 1938 American black-and-white romantic comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and James Stewart, produced and directed by George Stevens, and released by RKO Radio Pictures.	Vivacious Lady	Ginger Rogers	James Stewart
cast member	So I Married an Axe Murderer is a 1993 American romantic comedy thriller film starring Mike Myers and Nancy Travis.	So I Married an Axe Murderer	Mike Myers	Nancy Travis
cast member	Miss Beatty's Children is a 1992 English drama film directed by Pamela Rooks in a directorial debut, with Jenny Seagrove, Faith Brook and Protima Bedi in lead roles.	Miss Beatty's Children	Jenny Seagrove
cast member	Disperatamente Giulia (also known as Julia Forever) is a 1989 Italian romance-drama mini series directed by Enrico Maria Salerno.	Disperatamente Giulia	Enrico Maria Salerno
cast member	Mabel's New Job is a 1914 film starring Mabel Normand and co-directed by Normand and George Nichols.	Mabel's New Job	Mabel Normand
cast member	Begynnelsen på en historie (English: The beginning of a story) is a 1988 Norwegian drama film directed by Margarete Robsahm, starring Linda Pedersen, Wenche Foss and Linn Stokke.	Begynnelsen på en historie	Wenche Foss	Linn Stokke
cast member	Dinosaur from the Deep is a 1993 French-language science-fiction Z movie by filmmaker Norbert Moutier and starring Jean Rollin, Tina Aumont and Sylvaine Charlet.	Dinosaur from the Deep	Norbert Moutier	Jean Rollin	Tina Aumont
cast member	Kansas City Kitty is a 1944 American romantic musical film directed by Del Lord, starring Joan Davis and Jane Frazee.	Kansas City Kitty	Jane Frazee
cast member	Characterz is a Comedy Feature Film set to release in 2015 starring Mitchel Musso.	Characterz	Mitchel Musso
cast member	The Heathens of Kummerow (German title:Die Heiden von Kummerow) is a 1967 East German-West German comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Paul Dahlke, Ralf Wolter and Fritz Tillmann.	The Heathens of Kummerow	Paul Dahlke	Ralf Wolter	Fritz Tillmann
cast member	With Six You Get Eggroll is a 1968 American romantic comedy film directed by Howard Morris, and stars Doris Day, Brian Keith, Barbara Hershey, George Carlin (in his film debut) and Pat Carroll.	With Six You Get Eggroll	Doris Day	Brian Keith	Barbara Hershey	George Carlin
cast member	The Buster Keaton Story is a 1957 American black and white film starring Donald O'Connor as Buster Keaton.	The Buster Keaton Story	Donald O'Connor
cast member	Hell in the Pacific is a 1968 World War II film starring Lee Marvin and Toshirō Mifune, the only two actors in the entire film.	Hell in the Pacific	Lee Marvin	Toshirō Mifune
cast member	The Guilty Generation is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Rowland V. Lee, starring Leo Carrillo and featuring Boris Karloff.	The Guilty Generation	Leo Carrillo
cast member	Fantômas se déchaîne (French pronunciation: ​(fɑ̃tomas sə deʃɛn), English: Fantomas Unleashed) is a 1965 film starring Jean Marais as the arch villain with the same name opposite Louis de Funès as the earnest but outclassed commissaire Juve and the journalist Fandor, also played by Marais.	Fantômas se déchaîne	Jean Marais	Louis de Funès
cast member	The Little Irish Girl is a 1926 silent film romantic drama produced and distributed by Warner Bros., directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Dolores Costello.	The Little Irish Girl	Dolores Costello
cast member	Showboy is a 2002 film and mockumentary that was produced by star Jason Buchtel, directed by stars Christian Taylor and Lindy Heymann, written by and starring the three.	Showboy	Christian Taylor
cast member	Mugworth is an upcoming hand-drawn animated film directed by animator Marc Fernandez Garcia and starring actors Bill Moseley, John Waters and Darren Smith.	Mugworth	Bill Moseley
cast member	Grim Prairie Tales is a 1990 American horror film, directed and written by Wayne Coe, and starring James Earl Jones and Brad Dourif.	Grim Prairie Tales	James Earl Jones	Brad Dourif
cast member	Drexell's Class (two working titles of the show were ``Oh No, Not Drexell, and ''Shut Up, Kids!``) starred Dabney Coleman in the role of Otis Drexell, a fifth-grade teacher at fictional Grantwood Elementary School in Cedar Bluffs, Iowa.	Drexell's Class	Dabney Coleman
cast member	You're in the Army Now is a 1941 comedy film starring Jimmy Durante, Phil Silvers, Jane Wyman, and Regis Toomey.	You're in the Army Now	Jimmy Durante	Phil Silvers	Jane Wyman	Regis Toomey
cast member	Chance Pe Dance (Hindi: चांस पे डांस, Chance to Dance) is a Bollywood dance/drama film starring Shahid Kapoor and Genelia D'Souza.	Chance Pe Dance	Shahid Kapoor
cast member	The film's haunting song, ``Golden Earrings'', sung in the movie by Murvyn Vye, was a hit recording in 1947-48 by Peggy Lee.	Golden Earrings	Murvyn Vye
cast member	Bedre enn sitt rykte (English: Better than their reputation) is a 1955 Norwegian drama film directed by Edith Carlmar, starring Vigdis Røising, Kari Nordseth, Magne Bleness and Atle Merton.	Bedre enn sitt rykte	Vigdis Røising	Magne Bleness
cast member	College Kumaran is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Thulasidas, starring Mohanlal and Vimala Raman.	College Kumaran	Mohanlal	Vimala Raman
cast member	The Eagle's Claw is a 1924 silent film western adventure starring Guinn ``Big Boy'' Williams.	The Eagle's Claw	Guinn ``Big Boy'' Williams
cast member	Bol Radha Bol is a 1992 Hindi film directed by David Dhawan and starring Juhi Chawla and Rishi Kapoor in the lead roles.The film is perhaps best remembered for the hit track ``Tu Tu Tu Tara''.	Bol Radha Bol	Juhi Chawla	Rishi Kapoor
cast member	Fist of Fury II (Chinese: 精武門續集, aka Chinese Connection 2 and Fist of Fury Part II), is a 1977 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Iksan Lahardi and Tso-nam Lee, and starring Bruce Li and Lo Lieh.	Fist of Fury II	Bruce Li
cast member	Hero to Zero is a British children's drama television show about a young boy who has many adventures while receiving advice from the football player Michael Owen.	Hero to Zero	Michael Owen
cast member	La morte risale a ieri sera stars Raf Vallone and Frank Wolff.	La morte risale a ieri sera	Raf Vallone	Frank Wolff
cast member	The Flying Fleet is a 1929 romantic drama film starring Ramon Navarro, Ralph Graves and Anita Page.	The Flying Fleet	Ralph Graves	Anita Page
cast member	Return to Nim's Island is a 2013 Australian adventure-fantasy film directed by Brendan Maher and starring Bindi Irwin, Matthew Lillard, Toby Wallace and John Waters.	Return to Nim's Island	Bindi Irwin	Matthew Lillard	John Waters
cast member	Kalyana Mandapam (Telugu: కళ్యాణ మండపం) is a 1971 Telugu-language film starring Sobhan Babu, Kanchana, Kongara Jaggaiah, Anjali, Gummadi and others.	Kalyana Mandapam	Sobhan Babu	Kanchana
cast member	Russkies is a 1987 American drama film starring Whip Hubley and Leaf Phoenix, directed by Rick Rosenthal with cinematography by Reed Smoot.	Russkies	Whip Hubley
cast member	Priscilla and the Umbrella is a 1911 American short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell and Mack Sennett, starring Florence Barker and featuring Blanche Sweet.	Priscilla and the Umbrella	Florence Barker
cast member	Parisian Love is a black and white 1925 silent film starring Clara Bow.	Parisian Love	Clara Bow
cast member	First Action Hero is a cult 1994 film starring Fabio Testi as Tony Fierro with Ron Nummi as Hoagy and directed by Nini Grassia.	First Action Hero	Fabio Testi	Ron Nummi
cast member	Subject Two is a 2006 American film directed by Philip Chidel, starring Christian Oliver and Dean Stapleton.	Subject Two	Christian Oliver
cast member	This Was Paris is a 1942 British Second World War spy film directed by John Harlow and starring Ann Dvorak, Ben Lyon and Griffith Jones.	This Was Paris	Ann Dvorak	Ben Lyon	Griffith Jones
cast member	The Grasp of Greed is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.	The Grasp of Greed	Lon Chaney
cast member	Life Begins at Midnight (Spanish:La vida empieza a medianoche ) is a 1944 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Juan de Orduña and starring Marta Santaolalla, Armando Calvo and Julia Lajos.	Life Begins at Midnight	Marta Santaolalla
cast member	Daraar is a 1996 Hindi thriller film directed by Abbas-Mustan starring Juhi Chawla, Rishi Kapoor and Arbaaz Khan in his film debut.	Daraar	Juhi Chawla	Rishi Kapoor	Arbaaz Khan
cast member	A Woman's Vengeance (1948) is a film directed by Zoltán Korda, with a screenplay by Aldous Huxley based on his short story ``The Gioconda Smile'', and starring Charles Boyer, Ann Blyth, Jessica Tandy, Cedric Hardwicke, Rachel Kempson, and Mildred Natwick.	A Woman's Vengeance	Charles Boyer
cast member	Mugguru (Telugu: ముగ్గురు) is a 2011 Telugu film directed by V. N. Aditya starring Reemma Sen, Navdeep, Avasarala Srinivas and Raahul in lead roles.	Mugguru	Reemma Sen	Navdeep
cast member	Search for Beauty is a 1934 pre-Code dramedy film, with some musical Busby Berkeley-esque athletic sequences, directed by Erle C. Kenton and starring Buster Crabbe and Ida Lupino.	Search for Beauty	Buster Crabbe
cast member	Tough to Kill (Italian: Duri a morire) is a 1978 Italian action film written and directed by Joe D'Amato and starring Luc Merenda.	Tough to Kill	Luc Merenda
cast member	Francis Goes to West Point is a 1952 American black-and-white comedy film from Universal-International, produced by Leonard Goldstein, directed by Arthur Lubin, and starring Donald O'Connor, Lori Nelson, Alice Kelley, and Gregg Palmer.	Francis Goes to West Point	Donald O'Connor	Lori Nelson
cast member	Pandhayam (Tamil: பந்தயம்; English: Bet) is a Tamil film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar starring Nithin Sathya, Sindhu Tolani.	Pandhayam	Sindhu Tolani
cast member	The Gun Woman is a 1918 American silent western film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Texas Guinan.	The Gun Woman	Texas Guinan
cast member	The Cemetery of the Eagles (Spanish:El cementerio de las águilas) is a 1939 Mexican historical war film directed by Luis Lezama and starring Jorge Negrete, Margarita Mora and José Macip.	The Cemetery of the Eagles	Jorge Negrete
cast member	Alas Smith and Jones is a British comedy sketch television series featuring Mel Smith and Griff Rhys Jones that ran for four series and two Christmas specials on BBC2 from 1984 to 1988, and as Smith and Jones for five series on BBC1 from 1989 to 1998.	Alas Smith and Jones	Mel Smith	Griff Rhys Jones
cast member	It Was Always So Nice With You (German: Bei Dir war es immer so schön) is a 1954 West German musical comedy film directed by Hans Wolff and starring Heinz Drache, Georg Thomalla and Ingrid Stenn.	It Was Always So Nice With You	Heinz Drache	Georg Thomalla	Ingrid Stenn
cast member	Belgian Revenge (French:La revanche belge) is a 1922 Belgian silent film directed by Théo Bergerat and starring Fernand Crommelynck.	Belgian Revenge	Fernand Crommelynck
cast member	Azhagaana Ponnuthan is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Thiru that stars Namitha and newcomer Kartheesh in lead roles, with R. Parthiban playing an older version of Karthick's role.	Azhagaana Ponnuthan	Namitha
cast member	Geraldine Farrar as Maria Rosa Wallace Reid as Andreas Pedro de Cordoba as Ramon James Neill as The Priest Ernest Joy as Carlos Horace B. Carpenter as Pedro Anita King as Ana, Carlos' Wife	Maria Rosa	Wallace Reid	Pedro de Cordoba	James Neill	Ernest Joy	Horace B. Carpenter
cast member	Professor Beware is a 1938 comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and directed by Elliott Nugent.	Professor Beware	Harold Lloyd
cast member	New Heart (Hangul: 뉴하트) is a 2007 South Korean medical drama television series, starring Ji Sung, Kim Min-jung, Cho Jae-hyun and Lee Ji-hoon.	New Heart	Lee Ji-hoon
cast member	Rainbow Over Texas is a film from 1946 in which Roy Rogers plays himself as a famous cowboy-singer returning to Texas.	Rainbow Over Texas	Roy Rogers
cast member	DVD by Sexy is the only official DVD from Eagles of Death Metal.	DVD by Sexy	Eagles of Death Metal
cast member	The Face in the Moonlight is a 1915 American silent historical drama film directed by Albert Capellani and starring Robert Warwick, Stella Archer and H. Cooper Cliffe.	The Face in the Moonlight	Robert Warwick
cast member	The Last Page, released in the United States as Man Bait, is a 1952 British film noir produced by Hammer Film Productions starring George Brent, Marguerite Chapman and Diana Dors.	The Last Page	George Brent	Marguerite Chapman	Diana Dors
cast member	The Diabolic Tenant (French: Le Locataire diabolique), originally released in English-speaking countries as The Fiendish Tenant, is a 1909 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Diabolic Tenant	Georges Méliès
cast member	Amazon Souls is a 2013 British documentary film directed, produced and presented by Sarah Begum.	Amazon Souls	Sarah Begum
cast member	The Little Bather (French: Le Petit Baigneur), is a French comedy film from 1968, directed and written by Robert Dhéry, starring Louis de Funès and Andréa Parisy.	The Little Bather	Robert Dhéry	Louis de Funès	Andréa Parisy
cast member	Good Night, Nurse! is a 1918 American short comedy film written and directed by Fatty Arbuckle, and starring Arbuckle and Buster Keaton.	Good Night, Nurse!	Buster Keaton
cast member	Premer Kahini (translation: Story of Love) (2008) is a Bengali film by Ravi Kinagi., the movie featured Dev, Koyel Mullick, Jishu Sengupta and Ranjit Mullick.	Premer Kahini	Dev	Ranjit Mullick
cast member	The Tenth Level is a 1976 TV-movie starring William Shatner.	The Tenth Level	William Shatner
cast member	Aliki Vougiouklaki - Astero Titos Vandis - Mitros Dimitris Papamichael - Thymios Georgia Vasileiadou - Stamatina Stephanos Stratigos - Thanos Yorgos Damasiotis Athanasia Moustaka Giannis Avlonitis Niki Linardou - (as Bebi Koula) Soula Athanasiadou	Astero	Aliki Vougiouklaki	Titos Vandis	Dimitris Papamichael
cast member	Fashion 70's (Hangul: 패션 70's) is a 2005 South Korean television series starring Lee Yo-won, Kim Min-jung, Joo Jin-mo and Chun Jung-myung.	Fashion 70's	Lee Yo-won	Chun Jung-myung
cast member	Eternal Summer (Chinese: 盛夏光年; pinyin: Shèngxià Guāng Nián) is a 2006 Taiwanese film starring Joseph Chang, Bryant Chang and Kate Yeung.	Eternal Summer	Bryant Chang
cast member	Unexpected Love (Chinese: 誰說我們不會愛) is a 2014 Chinese romance film directed by Bowie Lau and starring Du Chun.	Unexpected Love	Du Chun
cast member	Rene Liu as Lin Siao Yu Marj Dusay as Rita Chung Hua Tou as Giang Wei Daniel J. Travanti as Mario Moretti Tai-Feng Jill Church as Card-sharp Ajay Mehta as Photo store manager Daxing Zhang as Lao Chai	Siao Yu	Marj Dusay
cast member	400 Boys is a Canadian/Chinese action-fantasy thriller film directed, written and produced by Alastair Paton and starring Jodelle Ferland, Li Bingbing, Maria Valverde and Charlie Rowe.	400 Boys	Jodelle Ferland
cast member	The Clean Machine is a 1988 Australian tele movie about police corruption starring Steve Bisley.	The Clean Machine	Steve Bisley
cast member	Arangetra Velai is a 1990 Tamil Film starring Prabhu, Revathi, V.K.Ramasamy in lead characters.	Arangetra Velai	Revathi
cast member	Aag Ka Gola (English translation - Fire Ball) is 1989 Hindi language Movie directed by David Dhawan and starring Sunny Deol, Dimple Kapadia, Shakti Kapoor and Prem Chopra.	Aag Ka Gola	Sunny Deol	Dimple Kapadia	Shakti Kapoor	Prem Chopra
cast member	A Scandal in Paris is a 1946 American biographical film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring George Sanders, Signe Hasso and Carole Landis.	A Scandal in Paris	George Sanders	Signe Hasso	Carole Landis
cast member	The Dice Woman is a 1926 silent film action adventure directed by Eddie Dillon and starring Priscilla Dean.	The Dice Woman	Priscilla Dean
cast member	My Spring Days (Hangul: 내 생애 봄날; RR: Nae Saengae Bomnal; lit. ``The Spring Days of My Life'') is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Kam Woo-sung, Choi Sooyoung, Lee Joon-hyuk, and Jang Shin-young.	My Spring Days	Sooyoung	Lee Joon-hyuk	Jang Shin-young
cast member	Kentucky Kernels is a 1934 American comedy directed by George Stevens and starring the comedy duo of Bert Wheeler and Robert Woolsey.	Kentucky Kernels	Bert Wheeler
cast member	In East Los Angeles, Paulie joins a group of performing conures owned by Ignacio (Cheech Marin), but later begins a life of crime after being kidnapped by Benny (Jay Mohr).	Paulie	Cheech Marin
cast member	Fireflies in the Garden is a 2008 drama film starring Willem Dafoe, Ryan Reynolds, and Julia Roberts.	Fireflies in the Garden	Willem Dafoe	Ryan Reynolds	Julia Roberts
cast member	Aayiram Jenmangal is a Tamil Horror film is directed by Durai, starring Vijayakumar, Latha and Rajinikanth in the lead roles.	Aayiram Jenmangal	Rajinikanth
cast member	It centers around a young woman, Mieke, (Free Souffriau), who lives with her grandparents and works as a police officer but also has a secret identity as superhero Mega Mindy.	Mega Mindy	Free Souffriau
cast member	Gallowwalkers is a 2012 American western horror film written and directed by Andrew Goth, and starring Wesley Snipes, Kevin Howarth, Riley Smith, Tanit Phoenix, Patrick Bergin, and Diamond Dallas Page.	Gallowwalkers	Riley Smith	Tanit Phoenix	Patrick Bergin	Diamond Dallas Page
cast member	Evils of the Night is a 1985 low-budget science fiction/``porno horror'' film starring Aldo Ray, Neville Brand, Tina Louise, John Carradine, and Julie Newmar.	Evils of the Night	Aldo Ray	Neville Brand	Tina Louise	John Carradine	Julie Newmar
cast member	Davy Crockett, Indian Scout is a 1950 Western film starring George Montgomery as Davy Crockett's nephew.	Davy Crockett, Indian Scout	George Montgomery
cast member	£500 Reward is a 1918 Australian silent film starring, written, produced, financed and directed by Claude Flemming who later described it as ``a very lurid melodrama''.	£500 Reward	Claude Flemming
cast member	One Is a Lonely Number (also known as Two Is a Happy Number) is a 1972 drama film directed by Mel Stuart and starring Trish Van Devere, Janet Leigh and Melvyn Douglas.	One Is a Lonely Number	Trish Van Devere	Janet Leigh	Melvyn Douglas
cast member	That Sugar Film is a 2014 Australian documentary starring and directed by Damon Gameau.	That Sugar Film	Damon Gameau
cast member	Produced by Raymond Wong, Hotel Deluxe features many of the recurring cast from his All's Well, Ends Well film series.	Hotel Deluxe	Raymond Wong
cast member	How to Make the Cruelest Month is a 1998 comedy film written and directed by Kip Koenig and starring Clea DuVall.	How to Make the Cruelest Month	Clea DuVall
cast member	Memdidi is a 1961 Hindi movie produced by L. B. Lachman and directed by Hrishikesh MukherjeeThe film stars David, Jayant, Lalita Pawar, Asit Sen and Tanuja.	Memdidi	Jayant	Lalita Pawar
cast member	The Wrong Man is a 1956 American docudrama film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Henry Fonda and Vera Miles.	The Wrong Man	Alfred Hitchcock	Henry Fonda	Vera Miles
cast member	Wide Open Live & More is the first DVD album released by American country singer Jason Aldean.	Wide Open Live & More	Jason Aldean
cast member	Gajakesariyogam is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film, directed by PG Vishwambharan, starring Innocent, Mukesh, Sunitha in the lead roles.	Gajakesariyogam	Mukesh
cast member	Plunkett & Macleane is a 1999 British historical action comedy film directed by Jake Scott, and starring Robert Carlyle, Jonny Lee Miller and Liv Tyler.	Plunkett & Macleane	Robert Carlyle	Jonny Lee Miller	Liv Tyler
cast member	The Return of Count Yorga, originally titled Yorga Returns, is a 1971 American vampire horror film directed by Bob Kelljan and starring Robert Quarry.	The Return of Count Yorga	Robert Quarry
cast member	The Bravados is a 1958 western film (color by DeLuxe) directed by Henry King, starring Gregory Peck and Joan Collins.	The Bravados	Gregory Peck	Joan Collins
cast member	The House Where Evil Dwells is a 1982 American/Japanese horror film that stars Edward Albert, Susan George and Doug McClure about an American family that moves into a reputed haunted house in the hills of Japan.	The House Where Evil Dwells	Edward Albert	Susan George	Doug McClure
cast member	Some bootleg versions of Eat the Document include a long scene featuring a possibly alcohol- or drug-impaired Dylan in a limousine with John Lennon on 27 May 1966.	Eat the Document	John Lennon
cast member	The Secret Fury is a 1950 American black-and-white psychological thriller film noir directed by Mel Ferrer, featuring Claudette Colbert, Robert Ryan and Jane Cowl.	The Secret Fury	Claudette Colbert	Robert Ryan	Jane Cowl
cast member	The Partisan of Villa (Spanish:La guerrillera de Villa) is a 1967 Spanish-Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel Morayta and starring Carmen Sevilla, Julio Alemán and Vicente Parra.	The Partisan of Villa	Carmen Sevilla
cast member	Adhu (English: That) is a 2004 Tamil horror film directed by Ramesh Balakrishnan, starring Sneha in the lead role, who plays the role of a spirit possessed girl.	Adhu	Sneha
cast member	Song o' My Heart is a 1930 Pre-Code American film, starring John McCormack, Alice Joyce, Maureen O'Sullivan, Effie Ellsler and John Garrick.	Song o' My Heart	John McCormack	Alice Joyce	Maureen O'Sullivan
cast member	Teen Witch is a 1989 American teen fantasy comedy film directed by Dorian Walker, written by Robert Menken and Vernon Zimmerman, and starring Robyn Lively and Zelda Rubinstein.	Teen Witch	Robyn Lively	Zelda Rubinstein
cast member	Ondu Kshanadalli (Kannada: ಒಂದು ಕ್ಷಣದಲ್ಲಿ) is a 2012 Indian Kannada romantic drama film starring Tarun Chandra, Sanjjanaa and Bhama in the lead roles.	Ondu Kshanadalli	Tarun Chandra	Sanjjanaa	Bhama
cast member	Kadathanadan Ambadi is a 1990 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan and produced by Sajan Vargeese, starring Mohanlal, Swapna, Raadhu and Prem Nazir.	Kadathanadan Ambadi	Mohanlal	Prem Nazir
cast member	Hack Job is an American horror-thriller film directed by James Balsamo and produced by Lloyd Kaufman.	Hack Job	Lloyd Kaufman
cast member	My American Wife is a 1922 silent American drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gloria Swanson.	My American Wife	Gloria Swanson
cast member	Running from Crazy is a 2013 television documentary film by director Barbara Kopple about the family of Mariel Hemingway, grand daughter of Nobel Prize-winning author Ernest Hemingway.	Running from Crazy	Mariel Hemingway
cast member	Papparapaam is an upcoming Tamil dramedy film written and directed by debutante Sasikumaran starring Vinoth Kishan, Ishaara Nair, Yamini Lakshmanan, John Vijay and Mime Gopi in lead roles.	Papparapaam	Vinoth Kishan
cast member	Gentlemen of the Press is a 1929 all-talking film starring Walter Huston in his first feature film role and Kay Francis in her first film role.	Gentlemen of the Press	Walter Huston	Kay Francis
cast member	Thirty Years of Maximum R&B Live is a 1994 compilation video of English rock and roll band The Who.	Thirty Years of Maximum R&B Live	The Who
cast member	Bommana Brothers Chandana Sisters is a 2008 Telugu film Directed by Srinivasa Reddy starring Allari Naresh, Krishna Bhagavaan, Farjana and Rithima in the lead roles.	Bommana Brothers Chandana Sisters	Allari Naresh	Krishna Bhagavaan	Farjana
cast member	Something Evil is a 1972 horror television movie starring Sandy Dennis, Darren McGavin, and Ralph Bellamy.	Something Evil	Sandy Dennis	Ralph Bellamy
cast member	Kind Hearts and Coronets is a British black comedy film of 1949 starring Dennis Price, Joan Greenwood, Valerie Hobson, and Alec Guinness, who famously plays eight distinct characters.	Kind Hearts and Coronets	Dennis Price	Joan Greenwood	Valerie Hobson	Alec Guinness
cast member	Yes, Mr Brown is a 1933 British musical comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Jack Buchanan, Hartley Power, Elsie Randolph and Margot Grahame.	Yes, Mr Brown	Jack Buchanan
cast member	Mehndi Waley Hath Is a Punjabi Pakistani film directed by Syed Noor starring Saima and Babar Ali.	Mehndi Waley Hath	Saima	Babar Ali
cast member	How to Start a Revolution is a BAFTA award winning British documentary film about Nobel Peace Prize nominee and political theorist Gene Sharp, described as the world's foremost scholar on nonviolent revolution.	How to Start a Revolution	Gene Sharp
cast member	The Haunted Palace is a 1963 horror film released by American International Pictures, starring Vincent Price, Lon Chaney Jr., and Debra Paget (in her final film), in a story about a village held in the grip of a dead necromancer.	The Haunted Palace	Vincent Price	Lon Chaney Jr.	Debra Paget
cast member	Ustadon Ke Ustad is a 1998 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Jackie Shroff, Madhoo, Vineeta, Mohan Joshi, Mushtaq Khan, Johnny Lever, Avtar Gill, Govind Namdeo and Tiku Talsania	Ustadon Ke Ustad	Mithun Chakraborty	Jackie Shroff	Madhoo	Mohan Joshi	Mushtaq Khan	Johnny Lever	Avtar Gill	Tiku Talsania
cast member	Inside I'm Dancing, also released under the title Rory O'Shea Was Here, is an Irish 2004 comedy-drama film directed by Damien O'Donnell and starring James McAvoy, Steven Robertson, Romola Garai, and Brenda Fricker.	Inside I'm Dancing	James McAvoy	Steven Robertson	Romola Garai	Brenda Fricker
cast member	Scusi lei è normale? (i.e. ``Sorry, are you normal?'') is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Umberto Lenzi and starring Renzo Montagnani, Ray Lovelock and Anna Maria Rizzoli.	Scusi lei è normale?	Renzo Montagnani	Ray Lovelock	Anna Maria Rizzoli
cast member	Creature with the Blue Hand (German: Die blaue Hand and also known as The Bloody Dead) is a 1967 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Harald Leipnitz.	Creature with the Blue Hand	Harald Leipnitz
cast member	The Curse of the Mummy's Tomb is a British horror film produced, written and directed by Michael Carreras, starring Terence Morgan, Ronald Howard, Fred Clark and introducing Jeanne Roland.	The Curse of the Mummy's Tomb	Terence Morgan	Ronald Howard	Fred Clark	Jeanne Roland
cast member	Live at the Beacon Theater is the fourth full-length comedy special/concert film by comedian Louis C.K..	Live at the Beacon Theater	Louis C.K.
cast member	Love Is a Many Stupid Thing is a 2004 comedy film written, produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Eric Tsang, Chapman To, Natalis Chan, Shawn Yue, Lam Chi-chung and Raymond Wong Ho-yin.	Love Is a Many Stupid Thing	Eric Tsang	Chapman To	Natalis Chan	Shawn Yue	Lam Chi-chung	Raymond Wong Ho-yin
cast member	Torrance Rises is a 1999 mockumentary directed by and starring Spike Jonze.	Torrance Rises	Spike Jonze
cast member	Chinna Thambi is a 1991 Indian Tamil language film starring Prabhu and Kushboo.	Chinna Thambi	Kushboo
cast member	The Hagstone Demon is a 2009 American horror film directed by Jon Springer and starring Mark Borchardt as a drunken ex-reporter plagued by demonic forces.	The Hagstone Demon	Mark Borchardt
cast member	The Foreman Went to France (released in the USA as Somewhere in France ) is a 1942 British Second World War war film starring Clifford Evans, Tommy Trinder, Constance Cummings and Gordon Jackson.	The Foreman Went to France	Clifford Evans	Tommy Trinder	Constance Cummings	Gordon Jackson
cast member	After Midnight with Boston Blackie is a 1943 crime film, the fourth of a series of 14 Columbia Pictures movies starring Chester Morris as Boston Blackie.	After Midnight with Boston Blackie	Chester Morris
cast member	Nice Guy Johnny is a 2010 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Edward Burns, and starring Matt Bush, Kerry Bishé, and Burns.	Nice Guy Johnny	Edward Burns	Matt Bush	Kerry Bishé
cast member	Merci Docteur Rey is a 2002 gay comedy film from Merchant Ivory, directed by Andrew Litvack, starring Dianne Wiest and Jane Birkin.	Merci Docteur Rey	Dianne Wiest	Jane Birkin
cast member	Night Tide is a 1961 thriller film, written and directed by Curtis Harrington and starring Dennis Hopper.	Night Tide	Dennis Hopper
cast member	The Sino-Dutch War 1661 (Chinese: 鄭成功1661), also known as Hero Zheng Chenggong, is a 2000 Chinese historical drama film directed by Wu Ziniu, starring Vincent Zhao, Jiang Qinqin, Du Zhiguo, Shimada Yôko, Xu Min and Zhang Shan.	The Sino-Dutch War 1661	Vincent Zhao	Jiang Qinqin	Du Zhiguo
cast member	O periergos (Greek: Ο περίεργος) is a 1982 Greek comedy film directed by Omiros Evstratides and starring Stathis Psaltis, Mimis Fotopoulos and Kaiti Finou.	O periergos	Stathis Psaltis	Mimis Fotopoulos	Kaiti Finou
cast member	Comrades at Sea (German:Kameraden auf See) is a 1938 German war film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Theodor Loos, Ingeborg Hertel and Julius Brandt.	Comrades at Sea	Theodor Loos
cast member	Manakanakku is a Tamil language film starring Vijayakanth, Sarath Babu, Rajesh, Ambika and Radha in the lead roles.	Manakanakku	Vijayakanth	Sarath Babu	Ambika	Radha
child	They had a son Charles Alden Black Jr. and a daughter Lori Black.	Charles Alden Black	Lori Black
child	Wossen Seged survived the attack for a few days, naming his son Sahle Selassie as his successor.	Wossen Seged	Sahle Selassie
child	Charles Kanaʻina, officially referred to as His Honour and his Highness, (Kanaʻina II) (c. 1801 -- March 13, 1877) was an aliʻi (hereditary noble) of the Kingdom of Hawaii and father of William Charles Lunalilo, the 6th monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaii.	Charles Kanaʻina	Lunalilo
child	Iset Ta-Hemdjert or Isis Ta-Hemdjert, simply called Isis in her tomb, was an Ancient Egyptian queen of the twentieth dynasty; the Great Royal Wife of Ramesses III and the Royal Mother of Ramesses VI.	Iset Ta-Hemdjert	Ramesses VI
child	In 914, for reasons lost to history, Li Jihui's son Li Yanlu poisoned him to death and took over the circuit.	Li Jihui	Li Yanlu
constellation	Beta Doradus (Beta Dor, β Doradus, β Dor) is the second brightest star in the southern constellation of Dorado.	Beta Doradus	Dorado
constellation	HD 37646 is a double star in the northern constellation of Auriga.	HD 37646	Auriga
constellation	The Omega Nebula, also known as the Swan Nebula, Checkmark Nebula, and the Horseshoe Nebula (catalogued as Messier 17 or M17) is an H II region in the constellation Sagittarius.	Omega Nebula	Sagittarius
constellation	HD 107914 is a binary star in the constellation Centaurus, with an estimated distance of 255.5 light-years (78.3 pc) from the Solar System.	HD 107914	Centaurus
constellation	HD 106112 (or N Camelopardalis), is a star located in the constellation Camelopardalis.	HD 106112	Camelopardalis
country of citizenship	Yannick Hamri (born April 1, 1983 in France), is an ice hockey player, who plays with Moselle Amneville Hockey Club in the French Division.	Yannick Hamri	France
country of citizenship	Pierre Kwenders is the stage name of José Louis Modabi (born October 31, 1985 in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo), a Congolese-Canadian musician.	Pierre Kwenders	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Sir Edward Puttick KCB, DSO & Bar (26 June 1890 -- 25 July 1976) was an officer who served with the New Zealand Military Forces during the First and Second World Wars.	Edward Puttick	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ania Marson (born 22 May 1949), in Gdynia, Poland is an Anglo-Polish actress.	Ania Marson	Poland
country of citizenship	Ramón de la Fuente Muñiz (29 August 1921 -- 31 March 2006) was a Mexican psychiatrist who chaired the National Academy of Medicine of Mexico (1959), served as vice-president of World Psychiatric Association (1970--76) and founded the Mexican Institute of Psychiatry in 1979.	Ramón de la Fuente Muñiz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Upatissa Atapattu Bandaranayake Wasala Mudiyanse Ralahamilage Shirani Anshumala Bandaranayake (known as Shirani Bandaranayake; born April 1958) served as the 43rd Chief Justice of Sri Lanka.	Shirani Bandaranayake	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Jérôme Napoléon Charles Bonaparte, Prince of Montfort (24 August 1814--12 May 1847) was the son of Jérôme Bonaparte and a nephew of Napoleon I, Emperor of France, and a soldier in service of the German kingdom of Württemberg.	Jérôme Napoléon Charles Bonaparte	France
country of citizenship	Gabriella Csépe (born June 13, 1973 in Gyöngyös) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Hungary, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting at the 1988.	Gabriella Csépe	Hungary
country of citizenship	David Rakoff was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, the youngest of three children.	David Rakoff	Canada
country of citizenship	Benjamin Crellin is a New Zealand comedian, actor and writer.	Benjamin Crellin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alhaj Khursheed Ahmad or Khurshid Ahmad(Urdu: الحاج خورشید احمد‎ ) was a Naat Khawan from Pakistan.	Khursheed Ahmad	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Georges Lesieur (1848--1931), born in Paris (France), was a French businessman and founder of the brand of edible oils of the same name (Huiles Lesieur).	Georges Lesieur	France
country of citizenship	Tan Furen (Chinese: 谭甫仁) (April 1, 1910 -- December 17, 1970) was a lieutenant general in the People's Liberation Army and People's Republic of China politician.	Tan Furen	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Timothy Eaton (March 1834 -- January 31, 1907) was a Canadian businessman who founded the Eaton's department store, one of the most important retail businesses in Canada's history.	Timothy Eaton	Canada
country of citizenship	Ezequiel Montalt Ros (born August 24, 1977 in Bonrepòs i Mirambell, Valencian Community, Spain) is a Spanish actor.	Ezequiel Montalt	Spain
country of citizenship	František Kašický (born 18 November 1968 in Gelnica, Czechoslovakia) was defence minister of Slovakia from 4 July 2006 to 25 January 2008.	František Kašický	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Currently, Carlos Ahumada is President of Club Sportivo Estudiantes in the province of San Luis, Argentina, a football team competing on the Torneo Argentino ``A'' of the Asociación del Fútbol Argentino (AFA).	Carlos Ahumada	Argentina
country of citizenship	Albert Stankowski (born 22 October 1971) is a Polish historian and a member of the Jewish Historical Institute Association in Poland, the originator of the Virtual Shtetl, the Head of the Digital Collection Department of the Museum of the History of Polish Jews.	Albert Stankowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Dmitry Chernyshenko (born September 20, 1968) is a Russian businessman and the President of the Sochi 2014 Olympic Organizing Committee for the 2014 Winter Olympics which were held in Sochi, Russia.	Dmitry Chernyshenko	Russia
country of citizenship	Serafino Biagioni (12 March 1920, at Pistoia, Italy -- 13 February 1983) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Serafino Biagioni	Italy
country of citizenship	Klaus Wiegand was born during the war in Stadtilm, a very small town some 30 km (20 miles) south of Erfurt in the southern part of what was then central Germany.	Klaus Wiegand	Germany
country of citizenship	Tomás Katari or Catari (died January 15, 1781) was a Quechua chief who, in claiming indigenous rights, led a popular uprising in Upper Peru (present-day Bolivia) in the 18th century.	Tomás Katari	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Nathan Rotenstreich (31.3.1914 -- 11.10.1993) was born in Sambir, Galicia, then in Austria-Hungary, later in Poland, now in Ukraine.	Nathan Rotenstreich	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Virginie Le Brun (born 7 June 1980) is a New Zealand actress best known for her role as Dr. Gabrielle Jacobs in the TV series Shortland Street.	Virginie Le Brun	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Noushin Ahmadi Khorasani also wrote several books about the women's movemenet in Iran.	Noushin Ahmadi Khorasani	Iran
country of citizenship	Imraan Khan (born 27 April 1984, in Durban, Natal Province, South Africa) is a South African cricketer who plays domestic cricket and captains the Dolphins.	Imraan Khan	South Africa
country of citizenship	Martina Rosenberger is a researcher living near Munich, Germany.	Martina Rosenberger	Germany
country of citizenship	Jörg Schmidt-Reitwein (born 1939 in Königs Wusterhausen, Germany) is a German cinematographer.	Jörg Schmidt-Reitwein	Germany
country of citizenship	Don Francisco Gómez de Sandoval, 1st Duke of Lerma (1552/1553 -- 1625), a favourite of Philip III of Spain, was the first of the validos ('most worthy') through whom the later Habsburg monarchs ruled.	Francisco Gómez de Sandoval, 1st Duke of Lerma	Spain
country of citizenship	Iropa Maurice Kouandété (22 September 1932 -- 7 April 2003) was a military officer and politician in Benin (known as Dahomey until 1975).	Maurice Kouandété	Benin
country of citizenship	Lily Monteverde has produced nearly 300 films in the Philippines since the early 1960s.	Lily Monteverde	Philippines
country of citizenship	Lefred Thouron is a cartoonist and writer born in Nancy, France in 1961.	Lefred Thouron	France
country of citizenship	Uberto Pasolini Dall'Onda (born 1 May 1957 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian film producer, director, and former investment banker known for producing the 1997 film The Full Monty and directing and producing the 2008 film Machan.	Uberto Pasolini	Italy
country of citizenship	Berhane Habtemariam (Tigrinya: በርሃነ ሀብተማርአም) was the first Auditor-General of Eritrea.	Berhane Habtemariam	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Oscar Parrilli (born 13 August 1951) is an Argentine lawyer and politician, Secretary and Director of Intelligence of Argentina from December 2014 to December 2015.	Oscar Parrilli	Argentina
country of citizenship	Works Mustai Karim translated into dozens of languages, Russia and the world.	Mustai Karim	Russia
country of citizenship	Stanley Nicholas Garland (25 January 1892 -- 15 November 1964) was a New Zealand restaurateur and consul.	Stanley Nicholas Garland	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ion Butmalai (9 October 1964 -- 9 December 2014) was a Moldovan politician and a deputy in Parliament of Moldova.	Ion Butmalai	Moldova
country of citizenship	Burkhard Schwenker (born 20 April 1958 in Minden, Germany) is a German business consultant.	Burkhard Schwenker	Germany
country of citizenship	Mehrdad Ghanbari (Persian: مهرداد قنبری‎‎; born November 22, 1989) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League	Mehrdad Ghanbari	Iran
country of citizenship	Sanja Bogosavljević (Cyrillic: Сања Богосављевић, born June 28, 1979, in Belgrade, Serbia, former SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian singer, a member of the girlband Beauty Queens.	Sanja Bogosavljević	Serbia
country of citizenship	Chris Davidson was born in Sydney, Australia, and currently resides in Peru.	Chris Davidson	Australia
country of citizenship	Felix Cane won her first title, Miss Pole Dance Australia 2006 after only eight months of pole dancing.	Felix Cane	Australia
country of citizenship	Claudio Costamagna attended the Ecole Européenne in Brussels and then returned to Italy to enrol at Bocconi University.	Claudio Costamagna	Italy
country of citizenship	Nelson Antonio Haedo Valdez (born 28 November 1983) commonly known as Nelson Valdez (or Nelson Haedo in Spanish speaking countries) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Seattle Sounders FC and the Paraguay national football team as a striker.	Nelson Valdez	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Adnan Gulshair el Shukrijumah (Arabic: عدنان شكري جمعة‎, ʿAdnān Shukrī Jumaʿah) (4 August 1975 -- 6 December 2014) was a citizen of Saudi Arabia and a senior member of al-Qaeda.	Adnan Gulshair el Shukrijumah	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Already recognized in the international arena, Speedy Graphito's Art is well known in France, England, USA, Belgium, India, Japan, Brazil, and Dubai, as well as major auction houses.	Speedy Graphito	France
country of citizenship	There is a Museum dedicated to Piet Blom's works set to open in May 2013 in Hengelo, The Netherlands	Piet Blom	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Angelino Garzón Quintero (born 29 October 1946) is the former Vice President of Colombia, serving under President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón.	Angelino Garzón	Colombia
country of citizenship	Semih Sancar (1911 -- 8 December 1984) was Chief of the General Staff of Turkey from 1973 to 1978, a period including the 1974 Turkish invasion of Cyprus.	Semih Sancar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Aleksei Saks (born 20 May 1982 in Tallinn, Estonia) is an Estonian pair skater.	Aleksei Saks	Estonia
country of citizenship	Dr Rajen Prasad, QSO, is a politician from New Zealand.	Rajen Prasad	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mangala Devi Singh (Nepali: मंगलादेवी सिंह) was a pioneer feminist and prominent democratic right activist of Nepal.	Mangala Devi Singh	Nepal
country of citizenship	Intan Erlita (full name: Intan Erlita Novianti) (born in Jakarta, 23 November 1980) is a television presenter and former model from Indonesia.	Intan Erlita	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Óscar Larios (born November 1, 1976) is a professional boxer from Mexico and former WBC Super Bantamweight and Featherweight champion.	Óscar Larios	Mexico
country of citizenship	Hameed Hussain Sheikh Ismail (19 May 1901 - ?) was the 5th Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Hameed Hussain Sheikh Ismail	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Elsa Masriera Campillo (August 16, 1912, Chile - December 28, 2009, Buenos Aires, Argentina), better known as Elsa del Campillo, was a Chilean actress who made her acting career in Argentina.	Elsa del Campillo	Chile
country of citizenship	Yi So-yeon was born to father Yi Gil-soo and mother Jeong Geum-soon and raised in Gwangju, South Korea.	Yi So-yeon	South Korea
country of citizenship	Rosa Rein (née Karliner; 24 March 1897 -- 14 February 2010) was a German-born Swiss supercentenarian and the oldest documented person who ever died in Switzerland.	Rosa Rein	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Sue Carpenter (born May 17, 1956 in London England) is a former United Kingdom newsreader and television presenter.	Sue Carpenter	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jeannetta Margaret Blackie (19 June 1864 -- 4 May 1955) was a New Zealand governess, teacher and church administrator.	Jeannetta Margaret Blackie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hossein Fazeli (born 12 June 1993) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a Winger for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League.	Hossein Fazeli	Iran
country of citizenship	Kokhir Rasulzoda (Tajik: Қоҳир Расулзода; Persian: قاهر رسول‌زاده, Russian: Кохир Расулзада; born 8 March 1961) is the Prime Minister of Tajikistan.	Kokhir Rasulzoda	Tajikistan
country of citizenship	Joseph Paelinck, (March 20, 1781-June 9, 1839) was a painter from the Southern Netherlands.	Joseph Paelinck	Southern Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bryan Tay Zhi Rong (born 13 April 1988 in Singapore City) is a Singaporean swimmer, who specialized in individual and relay freestyle events.	Bryan Tay	Singapore
country of citizenship	Pedro Vega Granillo is a pianist born in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico in 1959.	Pedro Vega Granillo	Mexico
country of citizenship	After the Great Depression hit Estonia in the 1930s Theodor Luts produced mostly documentaries for a state subsidized film studio Eesti Kultuurfilm and also had a successful career in Finland.	Theodor Luts	Estonia
country of citizenship	In another controversial incident Maskiri also stole mangoes and bananas at a famous Harare market place Mbare Musika in 2008 during the hyper-inflation that hit through Zimbabwe, but the rapper has denied the allegations.	Maskiri	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Harnam Singh Grewal (高禮和) CBE ED (born December 5, 1937 in Hong Kong) is a career civil servant of Hong Kong.	Harnam Singh Grewal	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Jamie Simpson born 6 September 1986 in Australia is a rugby league player for The Central Queenslad Capra's, a feeder club for the NRL club the Brisbane Bronco's in the Queensland Cup.	Jamie Simpson	Australia
country of citizenship	John Tejada (born 21 April 1974 in Vienna, Austria), is an electronic music artist, music producer, DJ, and record label owner.	John Tejada	Austria
country of citizenship	Osama al-Juwaili (Arabic: أسامة الجويلي‎) is a Libyan commander who serves as Minister of Defence in the government of Abdurrahim El-Keib, Libya's interim Prime Minister.	Osama al-Juwaili	Libya
country of citizenship	Walid Cherif (born March 9, 1978) is a boxer from Tunisia, who won the gold medal in 2003 at the All-Africa Games in Abuja, Nigeria.	Walid Cherif	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Robert (born 22 December 1956, Tours, France) is a French double bass player and author.	Jean-Pierre Robert	France
country of citizenship	Kazi Syed Karimuddin MA, LLB (19 July 1899, Yavatmal District, Maharashtra-14 November 1977) was a member of the Constituent Assembly of India that framed the Indian Constitution.	Kazi Syed Karimuddin	India
country of citizenship	Denis Kornilov was the champion of Russia in 2005 on the large hill event in Mezhdurechensk.	Denis Kornilov	Russia
country of citizenship	Shawn Hicks (born 10 July 1995) is a South African-born New Zealand cricketer who plays for Auckland.	Shawn Hicks	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vernon Akitt Brown (23 March 1905--28 January 1965) was a New Zealand architect and university lecturer.	Vernon Akitt Brown	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Abdul Hamid II (Ottoman Turkish: عبد الحميد ثانی‎, `Abdü’l-Ḥamīd-i sânî; Turkish: İkinci Abdülhamit; 21 September 1842 -- 10 February 1918) was the 34th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and the last Sultan to exert effective autocratic control over the fracturing state.	Abdul Hamid II	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Joachim Piccolomini was born into a noble family of Siena, Italy.	Joachim Piccolomini	Italy
country of citizenship	Anja Garbarek (born 24 July 1970 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian singer-songwriter of mixed Norwegian and Polish descent.	Anja Garbarek	Norway
country of citizenship	Odorannus of Sens (c. 985-1046) was a Benedictine monk at the abbey of Saint-Pierre-le-Vif in Sens, France.	Odorannus	France
country of citizenship	Yasmina Khadra (Arabic: ياسمينة خضراء‎, literally meaning ``green jasmine'') is the pen name of the Algerian author Mohammed Moulessehoul (Arabic: محمد مولسهول‎, born January 10, 1955, in Kénadsa, Béchar Province, Algeria).	Yasmina Khadra	Algeria
country of citizenship	René Muñoz (February 19, 1938 -- May 11, 2000) was a Cuban actor and screenwriter of telenovelas and the cinema of Mexico.	René Muñoz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Oliver Mandić (Serbian Cyrillic: Оливер Мандић; born July 13, 1953 in Titovo Užice, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian and Yugoslav rock musician, composer, and producer.	Oliver Mandić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Lene Egeli (born March 27, 1987, in Stavanger, Norway) is a Norwegian beauty pageant contestant and model who won the title of Frøken Norge (Miss Norway) 2008, on the 21st April 2008.	Lene Egeli	Norway
country of citizenship	Syd van der Vyver (1920 -- 20 August 1989 in Pennington) was a racing driver from South Africa, who won the South African Drivers Championship in 1960 and 1961.	Syd van der Vyver	South Africa
country of citizenship	Johann Caspar Seyfert (1697, Augsburg, Germany -- 26 May 1767, Augsburg, Germany) was a German composer, violinist and lute player.	Johann Caspar Seyfert	Germany
country of citizenship	Lt. General Ipoola Alani Akinrinade CFR FSS was Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Nigeria from October 1979 to April 1980, and then Chief of Defence Staff until 1981 during the Nigerian Second Republic.	Ipoola Alani Akinrinade	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Fergal mac Máele Dúin (died 11 December 722) was High King of Ireland.	Fergal mac Máele Dúin	Ireland
country of citizenship	Ahmet Bilek (1932, Kula in Manisa, Turkey -- 1971, Germany), was a Turkish Olympic champion sports wrestler in the flyweight class (52 kg) and a trainer.	Ahmet Bilek	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mumtaz Bhutto was the founding member of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), former federal minister, Governor of Sindh and Chief Minister of Sindh.	Mumtaz Bhutto	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Declan Hughes (born 27 April 1973) is a former professional snooker player from Northern Ireland.	Declan Hughes	Northern Ireland
country of citizenship	Louise Wischermann (born February 25, 1974 in Salvador, Brazil) is a former actress who is best known for her appearance in the science-fiction television series LEXX.	Louise Wischermann	Brazil
country of citizenship	Alfred Nijhuis (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑɫfrɛt ˈnɛi̯ˌɦœy̯s), born 23 March 1966 in Utrecht, Netherlands) is a former Dutch football player.	Alfred Nijhuis	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hollis Smith (June 24, 1800 -- March 29, 1863) was a businessman and political figure in Canada East, now part of the Canadian province of Quebec.	Hollis Smith	Canada
country of citizenship	Herbert Junior Swan (born January 20, 1927) was the 18th Speaker for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in Canada.	Herbert Junior Swan	Canada
country of citizenship	Germain de Brie was born in Auxerre, France, where he first studied law.	Germain de Brie	France
country of citizenship	Jacques-Enguerrand Gourgue (Port au Prince, 1930--1996) was one of Haiti's most renowned painters of the 20th century.	Jacques-Enguerrand Gourgue	Haiti
country of citizenship	Gabriel Horacio González (born November 13, 1980 in General Gelly (Santa Fe), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Club Unión (Villa Krause) in Argentina.	Gabriel Horacio González	Argentina
country of citizenship	Rolf Fehlbaum (born April 6, 1941, Basel) is Chairman Emeritus and active Member of the Board of Directors of Vitra, a family-owned furniture company with headquarters in Birsfelden, Switzerland.	Rolf Fehlbaum	Switzerland
country of citizenship	The last of nine children, Godspower Oboido was born in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria.	Godspower Oboido	Nigeria
country of citizenship	From 2007 until 2008, Lulinha was a member of the Brazil U-17 national squad.	Lulinha	Brazil
country of citizenship	Caroline de Barrau thought that women were prohibited from attending public universities in France more by custom than for legal reasons.	Caroline de Barrau	France
country of citizenship	Armand Krajnc (born August 7, 1973 in Landskrona, Scania, Sweden) is a Swedish boxer of slovenian origin who won the WBO World Championbelt in Middleweight and managed three defenses.	Armand Krajnc	Sweden
country of citizenship	Graziano Delrio (born 27 April 1960) is an Italian medical doctor and politician, who has served in the government of Italy as minister of infrastructure and transport since 2 April 2015.	Graziano Delrio	Italy
country of citizenship	Ippocratis Bournellis, or DJ Grego (February 7, 1956 - September 16, 2010) was a DJ and producer from São Paulo, Brazil.	DJ Grego	Brazil
country of citizenship	Fredrik Meltzer Wallem (19 April 1837 -- 2 April 1922) was a Norwegian journalist and writer, known for his work for fisheries of Norway.	Fredrik Meltzer Wallem	Norway
country of citizenship	James Laurenson (born 17 February 1940) is a New Zealand born stage and screen actor.	James Laurenson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	With the attainment of independence of the Republic of Estonia, Karl Ast entered politics.	Karl Ast	Estonia
country of citizenship	Bashir Ahmad Bilour was born on 1 August 1943 in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan.	Bashir Ahmad Bilour	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ignacy Wyssogota Zakrzewski was born in Stary Białcz (Greater Poland Voivodeship).	Ignacy Wyssogota Zakrzewski	Poland
country of citizenship	René Guyon was born at Sedan, Ardennes, and was involved in writing legal codes for Siam (present Thailand) and was the head judge of the supreme court of that country where he was given Thai name Phichan Bunyong (Thai: พิชาญ บุญยง).	René Guyon	Thailand
country of citizenship	Mohammad Ridwan Hafiedz or Ridho (born September 3, 1973, Ambon, Indonesia) is an Indonesian guitarist, backing vocalist and songwriter.	Mohammad Ridwan Hafiedz	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Marcel Duchamp was born in Blainville-Crevon Seine-Maritime in the Upper Normandy region of France, and grew up in a family that enjoyed cultural activities.	Marcel Duchamp	France
country of citizenship	George Garden (c.1772--October 15, 1828) was a Scottish-born businessman and political figure in Lower Canada.	George Garden	Canada
country of citizenship	Martin Buser (born March 29, 1958 in Winterthur, Switzerland) is a champion of sled dog racing.	Martin Buser	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ngola Kabangu (born 14 February 1943 in Bairro Operário, Luanda Province) is the President of the National Liberation Front of Angola (FNLA), a political party in Angola.	Ngola Kabangu	Angola
country of citizenship	Dil Humphrey-Umezulike, better known as Dilomprizulike (born 1960 in Enugu, Nigeria) is a contemporary artist working in sculpture, performance and painting who has adopted the moniker 'The Junkman From Africa '.	Dilomprizulike	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Salvi Moreno (born 1979) is a singer, songwriter and music producer born in Malaga, Spain.	Salvi Moreno	Spain
country of citizenship	Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz (Arabic: محمد ولد عبد العزيز; born 20 December 1956) is the President of Mauritania, in office since 2009.	Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz	Mauritania
country of citizenship	José de León Toral (December 23, 1900 - Mexico City, February 9, 1929) was an anti-government Roman Catholic who assassinated general Álvaro Obregón, then-president elect of Mexico, in 1928.	José de León Toral	Mexico
country of citizenship	Emad Abdul-Ghani Sabouni (Arabic: عماد عبد الغني الصابوني‎) (born 1964 in Damascus) is the current Minister of Communications and Technology of Syria.	Emad Abdul-Ghani Sabouni	Syria
country of citizenship	Thomas Rådström (born 22 January 1966), nicknamed ``Rådis'', is a rally and rallycross driver from Sweden.	Thomas Rådström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Walisson Silva de Oliveira (born January 30, 1992 in Paraná, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for Montevideo Wanderers of the Primera Division in Uruguay.	Walisson Silva de Oliveira	Brazil
country of citizenship	Oliver Hermanus (born 1983, Cape Town, South Africa) is a South African film director and writer.	Oliver Hermanus	South Africa
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Resetarits (born 21 December 1948 in Stinatz, Austria), better known as Willi Resetarits and Dr. Kurt Ostbahn, is an Austrian singer, comedian and human rights activist.	Willi Resetarits	Austria
country of citizenship	Siamak Dadashi (Persian: سیامک داداشی‎, born 13 July 1974 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian futsal.	Siamak Dadashi	Iran
country of citizenship	Joaquín de Santiyán y Valdivielso was Bishop of Urgell and ex officio Co-Prince of Andorra from 1772 to 1779.	Joaquín de Santiyán y Valdivielso	Andorra
country of citizenship	László Szatmári (born May 18 1977) is a Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Hungary's national team.	László Szatmári	Hungary
country of citizenship	Egidijus Kavaliauskas (born June 29, 1988 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is an undefeated Lithuanian professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division.	Egidijus Kavaliauskas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Princess Beatrice Bhadrayuvadi (RTGS: Bi-e-trit Phatthrayuwadi; Thai: บีเอตริศภัทรายุวดี; 5 December 1876 -- 30 September 1913), was the Princess of Siam (later Thailand).	Beatrice Bhadrayuvadi	Siam
country of citizenship	Angelo Mozzillo (Afragola, October 24, 1736) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque, active near Naples, Italy.	Angelo Mozzillo	Italy
country of citizenship	Under his presidency, Reggina won their first promotion into Italy's top football club league Serie A. Pasquale Foti was fined £20,000 (equivalent) and banned from football for 2½ years for his involvement in the 2005-06 match fixing scandal.	Pasquale Foti	Italy
country of citizenship	Tòng Thị Phóng (born 10 February 1954 in Sơn La Province) is currently a Deputy Chairwoman of the National Assembly of Vietnam.	Tòng Thị Phóng	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Cecilia Pantoja Levi (Tomé, Chile, 21 October 1943), better known simply as Cecilia, is a Chilean singer songwriter, member of the nueva ola music movement.	Cecilia Pantoja	Chile
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Hồng Tiến (born 6 July 1985) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Defender for V-League club Hà Nội T&T and the Vietnam national football team.	Nguyễn Hồng Tiến	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Moisés Fuentes Rubio (born 20 September 1985 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light flyweight division and is a former WBO Minimumweight champion and a former interim WBO Light flyweight champion.	Moisés Fuentes	Mexico
country of citizenship	As a child, the young Hon. Daphne Guinness grew up in the country houses owned by her family in England and Ireland.	Daphne Guinness	Ireland
country of citizenship	Sirio Carrapa (born in Borgagne, Italy, 12 May 1952) is an Italian mystic and a unique Western Master of Surat Shabd Yoga or Sant Mat, who teaches and sets an example of practice of this spiritual path.	Sirio Carrapa	Italy
country of citizenship	Leone Carpi (1810 or 1820 in Bologna, Italy -- 1898) was a Jewish Italian political economist and journalist who took part in the struggles of the Risorgimento.	Leone Carpi	Italy
country of citizenship	Broery Pesulima or also known by the name Broery Marantika (25 June 1948 -- 7 April 2000) was a singer and musician born in Indonesia's Ambon.	Broery	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Jaspal Singh, professionally known as JSL Singh, is an Indian music director and singer from New Delhi, India.	JSL Singh	India
country of citizenship	Indradasa Hettiarachchi was a former Minister of Industries and Member of Parliament representing Horana in the Kalutara District, Sri Lanka.	Indradasa Hettiarachchi	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Jake Kerbrat, formerly Jason Kerbrat (born June 11, 1985), is an acclaimed singer/songwriter from northern British Columbia Canada.	Jake Kerbrat	Canada
country of citizenship	Amelia Andersdotter was born on 30 August 1987 at Akademiska sjukhuset in Uppsala, Sweden, the first of three children.	Amelia Andersdotter	Sweden
country of citizenship	Bevlyn Khoo 邱意淋 is a jazz pop singer songwriter based in Singapore.	Bevlyn Khoo	Singapore
country of citizenship	Jagaddipendra Narayan Bhup Bahadur, K.C.I.E (15 December 1915 -- 11 April 1970) was Maharaja of Cooch-Behar, in India.	Jagaddipendra Narayan	India
country of citizenship	Callum Macrae grew up in Nigeria and Scotland.	Callum Macrae	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Kristian Smeds has worked in Finland, Estonia, Belgium and Lithuania.	Kristian Smeds	Finland
country of citizenship	Alessandro Bignamini (born November 24, 1970, Milan, Italy), is an Italian comic book artist, mostly known for his work on ``Mister No'', ``Brad Barron'', ``Greystorm'' and ``Orfani'' series.	Alessandro Bignamini	Italy
country of citizenship	Raja Ashfaq Sarwar, born at Holy Family Hospital in Rawalpindi, hails from the village of Ghora Gali in the Murree Hills and is the eldest son of Raja Ghulam Sarwar (late) a two-time member of West Pakistan Assembly.	Raja Ashfaq Sarwar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ewout Holst (born 8 October 1978 in Den Haag, Zuid-Holland, Netherlands) is a Dutch former freestyle and butterfly swimmer.	Ewout Holst	Netherlands
country of citizenship	When Gandalf turned his proposal down, the Mouth of Sauron sets all the armies of Mordor to attack them.	Mouth of Sauron	Mordor
country of citizenship	Sanjeev Sane is a social worker and anti-corruption crusader from Thane, India.	Sanjeev Sane	India
country of citizenship	Jack St. John (September 20, 1906 in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba -- May 7, 1965) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Jack St. John	Canada
country of citizenship	Rogelio Medina (born September 16, 1988 in San Luis Río Colorado, Sonora, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and is considered one of the Best middleweight prospects in Mexico.	Rogelio Medina	Mexico
country of citizenship	Baburam Acharya is known as the ``ITIHAS SIROMANI'' of Nepal.	Baburam Acharya	Nepal
country of citizenship	Igor Sibaldi (Milan, Italy, 15 June 1957), born from Russian mother and Italian father, is an Italian writer, scholar of theology and history of religion.	Igor Sibaldi	Italy
country of citizenship	Vlad Gribincea (born April 22, 1980) is a lawyer from Chişinău and Executive director of the ``Legal Resources Centre form Moldova''.	Vlad Gribincea	Moldova
country of citizenship	Diego Mesaglio (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈdjeɣo meˈsaɣljo); born February 20, 1984 in Argentina) is a well-known actor, musician and teen idol.	Diego Mesaglio	Argentina
country of citizenship	Daniel Goiți (born 1968 in Reșița) is a Romanian pianist and First Prize Winner of the prestigious George Enescu International Piano Competition, in its 1991 Edition, the first edition after the fall of Communism in Romania and also the first edition since 1970.	Daniel Goiți	Romania
country of citizenship	Geoffrey Paillet (born 22 December 1986 in Tours, France) is a professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Remparts de Tours.	Geoffrey Paillet	France
country of citizenship	Kolbjørn Lyslo is a Norwegian musician from Tromsø, Norway, although he moved to Oslo in 1994.	Kolbjørn Lyslo	Norway
country of citizenship	Major General Gabriel Amisi Kumba (Tango Four) was Chief of Staff of the Forces Terrestres, the army of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Gabriel Amisi Kumba	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Surajbhan Singh is a former member of parliament (MP) of India.	Surajbhan Singh	India
country of citizenship	Thongchai Rathchai (Thai: ธงไชย รัฐไชย, born October 31, 1982) simply known as Thong (Thai: ธง) is a professional footballer from Roi Et Province, Thailand.	Thongchai Rathchai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Wielicki (born January 5, 1950 in Szklarka Przygodzicka, municipality Ostrzeszów, Poland) is a Polish alpine and high-altitude climber.	Krzysztof Wielicki	Poland
country of citizenship	Bajram Kosumi (born 20 March 1960, in Kosovska Kamenica, Yugoslavia - now Republic of Kosovo) is an ethnic Albanian politician in Kosovo who served as the Prime Minister of Kosovo for nearly one year.	Bajram Kosumi	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Mamitu Daska was born in Liteshoa in Ethiopia's Oromia Region.	Mamitu Daska	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Cheryl Rixon (born 12 October 1954 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian actress and model.	Cheryl Rixon	Australia
country of citizenship	Kim Sinclair (born July 10, 1954) is an Academy Award winning art director and production designer from New Zealand.	Kim Sinclair	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yohannes IV (Geez ዮሓንስ, Yōḥānnis; 11 July 1837 -- 10 March 1889), born Lij Kassay Mercha and formerly known in English as King John, was Emperor of Ethiopia from 1871 until his death in 1889.	Yohannes IV	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Tuğba Özay Fattizzo (née Özay; born February 10, 1978 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish model-turned-singer and a famous star in Turkey.	Tuğba Özay	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ashur Bet Sargis was born in Baghdad, Iraq to an Assyrian family.	Ashur Bet Sargis	Iraq
country of citizenship	Miloš Koterec (born on 11 October 1962 in Partizánske) is a career diplomat from Slovakia.	Miloš Koterec	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Alejandro Bustillo (18 March 1889 - 3 November 1982) was an Argentine painter and architect who left his mark in various tourist destinations in Argentina, especially in the Andean region of the Patagonia.	Alejandro Bustillo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Rajendra Desai is former Mayor of Surat, India and a senior Bhartiya Janata Party polition.	Rajendra Desai	India
country of citizenship	Juri Schlünz (born July 27, 1961 in East Berlin, East Germany) is a German former footballer who became a coach.	Juri Schlünz	East Germany
country of citizenship	Dutch violinist Frederieke Saeijs (born in The Hague, Netherlands, on 25 January 1979) is the winner of the First Grand Prize as well as four special Prizes of the 2005 International Violin Competition Marguerite Long-Jacques Thibaud in Paris, France.	Frederieke Saeijs	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Robert Lindemann (January 28, 1884 in Paderborn, Germany - October 1975) was a German-American clarinetist.	Robert Lindemann	Germany
country of citizenship	Helen Townsend (born 16 August 1969) is a New Zealand secondary school teacher and Olympic softball player from Christchurch.	Helen Townsend	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Horacio Malvicino (born 20 October 1929, Concordia, Entre Rios Province, Argentina) is a jazz and tango electric guitarist and composer who played for many years with the tango musician Ástor Piazzolla in several of his ensembles.	Horacio Malvicino	Argentina
country of citizenship	Petros Christodoulidis (Greek: Πέτρος Χριστοδουλίδης), born March 4, 1975 in Greece, is the current bass player of the Power metal band Firewind.	Petros Christo	Greece
country of citizenship	Ruby Moscoso de Young served as First Lady of Panama from September 1, 1999 to September 1, 2004, during the presidential administration of her younger sister Mireya Moscoso.	Ruby Moscoso de Young	Panama
country of citizenship	Fernando Lewis (born 31 January 1993 in The Hague, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a right back for AZ in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Fernando Lewis	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Thomas Magarey (25 February 1825 -- 31 August 1902) was an Irish-born miller and pastoralist who, with his brother James, migrated to Nelson, New Zealand in 1842 (aged 17), and to Adelaide, South Australia in 1845 (aged 20).	Thomas Magarey	Australia
country of citizenship	Amable Dionne (November 30, 1782 -- May 2, 1852) was a businessman, seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada and Canada East.	Amable Dionne	Canada
country of citizenship	Hone Kouka is an acclaimed New Zealand playwright.	Hone Kouka	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hamid Reza Chitgar was born in the town of Babol in the Mazandaran province of Iran in 1949.	Hamid Reza Chitgar	Iran
country of citizenship	Christophe Cocard, (born 23 November 1967, in Bernay, France) is a former footballer.	Christophe Cocard	France
country of citizenship	Prof. Dr. Sevil Atasoy (Hafize Hikmet Sevil Atasoy Ekinci), immediate past president of the UN International Narcotics Control Board born in İstanbul, Turkey (February 25, 1949), is an internationally distinguished leader in the field of Forensic Sciences, substance abuse and addiction.	Sevil Atasoy	Turkey
country of citizenship	Harry Seidler, AC OBE (25 June 1923 -- 9 March 2006) was an Austrian-born Australian architect who is considered to be one of the leading exponents of Modernism's methodology in Australia and the first architect to fully express the principles of the Bauhaus in Australia.	Harry Seidler	Australia
country of citizenship	Michael Dorman (born 26 April 1981) is a New Zealand actor based in Australia, best known for his work on the television series, The Secret Life of Us and his supporting work in such acclaimed films as Suburban Mayhem and West.	Michael Dorman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rolandas Muraška (born March 13, 1973) is a retired Lithuanian professional tennis player and a former member of Lithuania Davis Cup team.	Rolandas Muraška	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Angelika Neuwirth (born in 1943) is a professor of Quranic studies from Freie University, Berlin, Germany.	Angelika Neuwirth	Germany
country of citizenship	Imran Sahib (born 12 October 1982) is a former Singapore international footballer who plays for Tampines Rovers.	Imran Sahib	Singapore
country of citizenship	Tariq Ramadan was born in Geneva, Switzerland on 26 August 1962 to an Egyptian Muslim family.	Tariq Ramadan	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Sonja Licht (Serbian: Sonja Liht, Соња Лихт, Hebrew: סוניה ליכט‎, born 1947 in Subotica, Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a sociologist and political activist.	Sonja Licht	Serbia
country of citizenship	Jacek Wszoła (born December 30, 1956 in Warszawa, Poland) is a Polish gold and silver Olympic medalist in high jump.	Jacek Wszoła	Poland
country of citizenship	José Ladrönn (born 1967) is a comic book penciller and inker born in Veracruz, Mexico.	José Ladrönn	Mexico
country of citizenship	Margaret Johnston (10 August 1914, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia -- 19 June 2002, Kingston upon Thames, England) was an Australian-born British actress.	Margaret Johnston	Australia
country of citizenship	Bryn Terfel Jones was born in Pant Glas, Caernarfonshire, North Wales, the son of a farmer.	Bryn Terfel	Wales
country of citizenship	Nistor Grozavu is a Moldovan architect, politician and he is the deputy-mayor of the Chişinău (the capital of the Republic of Moldova).	Nistor Grozavu	Moldova
country of citizenship	Robert Jack Duarte Wallace (born April 7, 1986 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal) is a Mexican actor and singer.	Jack Duarte	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alice Muloki (19 November 1929 -- 6 November 2005) was the Inhebantu (queen consort) of Busoga Kingdom in Uganda.	Alice Muloki	Uganda
country of citizenship	Rita Boley Bolaffio (Trieste, Italy, 7 June 1898 - New York, USA, 20 May 1995) was an artist who was instrumental in reintroducing collage and decoupage into the United States.	Rita Boley Bolaffio	Italy
country of citizenship	Suraj Sharma was born and brought up in a Malayali family in New Delhi, India.	Suraj Sharma	India
country of citizenship	Nhek Dim was born on February 12, 1934 in Reap village, Reap commune, Pea Reang District, in Prey Veng Province, Cambodia.	Nhek Dim	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Diego Amozurrutia Landa Torres (born August 31, 1990 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal Mexico) is an actor and model simply known as recurrent Diego Amozurrutia, known for being the protagonist (co-estelar) of Amorcito Corazon of Televisa	Diego Amozurrutia	Mexico
country of citizenship	Maria Orwid (23 July 1930 -- 9 February 2009) was a Polish psychiatrist, one of the pioneers of the psychiatry of children and family in Poland.	Maria Orwid	Poland
country of citizenship	Shambhu Rai (Nepali: शम्भू राई) or Sambhu Rai is renowned singer of Nepal.	Shambhu Rai	Nepal
country of citizenship	Rafael Ángel Calderón Fournier (born in Diriamba, Nicaragua, on 14 March 1949) served as President of Costa Rica from 1990 to 1994.	Rafael Ángel Calderón Fournier	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Leroy ``Junior'' Russell (born 4 November 1987), better known by his stage names Tommy Lee and more recently Tommy Lee Sparta, is a dancehall artist from Montego Bay, Jamaica.	Tommy Lee Sparta	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Raam Lalchand Pridhani (aka Raam Soraya and Ram Soraya) is an entrepreneur and film producer from Indonesia.	Ram Soraya	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Dr. Nandini Nimbkar is an American academic from India, and current President of the Nimbkar Agricultural Research Institute (NARI).	Nandini Nimbkar	India
country of citizenship	William Paltridge (1834 -- 8 May 1890), born in Devonshire, was a politician in the early days of the colony of South Australia.	William Paltridge	Australia
country of citizenship	G. K. Govinda Rao is a writer, intellectual, Professor of English and Kannada film actor from Karnataka, India.	G. K. Govinda Rao	India
country of citizenship	Ike Uzoma (born February 05, 1978 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a former Nigerian footballer currently played for clubs of Nigeria, Uruguay, Mexico, Chile and Kuwait.	Ike Uzoma	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Sheema Kalbasi (Persian: شیما کلباسی‎‎) was born in Tehran, Iran on 20 November 1972 and grew up in Pakistan and Denmark.	Sheema Kalbasi	Iran
country of citizenship	Alfonso de Valdés was born c. 1490 in Cuenca, Castile, Spain.	Alfonso de Valdés	Spain
country of citizenship	Chandrasiri Gajadeera is a Sri Lankan politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and Minister of Rehabilitation and Prisons	Chandrasiri Gajadeera	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	A son-in-law of the Qianlong Emperor of China, Mingrui was appointed by the emperor to lead a 50,000-strong invasion force led by the elite Manchu Bannermen in the third campaign of the Qing invasions of Burma.	Mingrui	China
country of citizenship	Lâm Uyển Nhi (born on 5 May? in 1975 in Nha Trang -- died on 13 October in 2007 in Hanoi) was a former beauty contestant winner from Vietnam.	Lâm Uyển Nhi	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Evelyn Freda White (10 November 1909 -- 14 August 1995) was a notable New Zealand show-jumper and racehorse trainer.	Evelyn Freda White	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kaleem Saadat Rana, NI(M), (born 12 December 1951), is a retired four-star air officer who was the Chief of Air Staff of the Pakistan Air Force from 2003 to 2006.	Kaleem Saadat	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Stefanie Gossweiler (born 4 January 1988) is a model from the Canton of Zürich in Switzerland, who was crowned Miss Earth Switzerland 2007.	Stefanie Gossweiler	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Dante Mircoli (born 12 March 1947 in Rome) is a former Italian - Argentine footballer and coach who spent the majority of his career in Argentina.	Dante Mircoli	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jürgen Fauth (born August 4, 1969 in Wiesbaden, Germany) is a German-American film critic, translator, editor, photographer, and author.	Jürgen Fauth	Germany
country of citizenship	Monique van de Ree (born 2 March 1988) is a road cyclist from the Netherlands.	Monique van de Ree	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Moussa Traoré (born 25 September 1936) is a Malian soldier and politician who was President of Mali from 1968 to 1991.	Moussa Traoré	Mali
country of citizenship	Fariba Rezayee (Persian: فریبا رضایی‎) (born September 3, 1985) is an Afghan judoka, who is perhaps best known as one of the first two women athletes from Afghanistan to compete in the Summer Olympics.	Fariba Rezayee	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Sir Olateru Olagbegi II, Olowo of Owo (August 1910 -- 1998) was the King (Olowo) of Owo, an ancient city which was once the capital of an Eastern Yoruba city state in Nigeria.	Olateru Olagbegi II	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Alain-Fournier was born in La Chapelle-d'Angillon, in the Cher département, in central France, the son of a school teacher.	Alain-Fournier	France
country of citizenship	Abdullah Ercan (born 8 December 1971 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a retired Turkish international footballer.	Abdullah Ercan	Turkey
country of citizenship	In 1985 Thomas Aigner was awarded the most popular radio presenter in Austria by readers of the teenage magazine ``MusicMan''.	Thomas Aigner	Austria
country of citizenship	André Ngongang Ouandji (born 1936 in Bamena, Ndé department, West Province, Cameroon; died 27 June 2007 in Brussels, Belgium) was a Cameroonian politician and diplomat.	André Ngongang Ouandji	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Tan Sri William Cheng Heng Jem (Chinese: 钟廷森; pinyin: Zhong Tingsen, born 1943) is the chairman of Lion Group Malaysia, a conglomerate having diversified businesses encompassing retail, property development, mining, steel, agriculture and computer.	William Cheng	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Kikko Solaris is a Producer-DJ and one of the pioneers of electronic music in Italy.	Kikko Solaris	Italy
country of citizenship	Taaha Shah was born in Abu Dhabi, the capital city of United Arab Emirates, to Shah Sikkander Badusha and Mahnaz Sikkander Badusha, who are from South India.	Taaha Shah	India
country of citizenship	Ku Meng-yu (Chinese: 顧孟餘; pinyin: Gù Mèngyú) was a politician in the Republic of China.	Ku Meng-yu	Republic of China
country of citizenship	Nuttanon Kadchapanan (Thai: ณัฐนนท์ กัจฉปานันท์, born 7 June 1993) is a tennis player from Thailand playing on the ATP Challenger Tour.	Nuttanon Kadchapanan	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sebastien signed with Saddle Creek Records in the USA, Outside Music in Canada and JVC in Japan to release his debut solo album, entitled ``Sebastien Grainger & The Mountains'', which was released on 21 October 2008.	Sebastien Grainger	Canada
country of citizenship	Hieronimo Miani, also known as Hieronymus Miani, was an Italian history painter, who worked in Denmark as both a painter to the royal court of King Christian VI, and as a teacher.	Hieronimo Miani	Denmark
country of citizenship	Max Westenhöfer (February 9, 1871 -- September 25, 1957) was a German pathologist and biologist who contributed to the development of the anatomic pathology and the reform of public health in Chile.	Max Westenhöfer	Chile
country of citizenship	Robert Ajavon (born April 10, 1910 in Lome, Togo) was a Togolese politician who served in the French Senate from 1952-1958.	Robert Ajavon	Togo
country of citizenship	Khaled Habib El-Kebich (born January 24, 1970 in Tiaret, Algeria) is an Algerian singer-songwriter, film director, composer and an actor.	Khaled Habib	Algeria
country of citizenship	Viktor Khomchenko (Ukrainian: Віктор Вікторович Хомченко; born 11 November 1994 in Volyn Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club Volyn Lutsk.	Viktor Khomchenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Long Jinguang (Chinese: 龙觐光) (1863 -- 1917) was an ethnic Hani Chinese general of the late Qing and early Republican period of China.	Long Jinguang	China
country of citizenship	Héctor Beltrán Leyva is also credited with rising rates of violence within Mexico, as his organization is reportedly responsible for kidnapping, torture, murder, and various other acts of violence against numerous men, women, and children in Mexico.	Héctor Beltrán Leyva	Mexico
country of citizenship	Muhammad Latif Khosa (Urdu: محمد لطیف کھوسہ‎) was the Governor of Punjab, and a politician representing Pakistan People's Party.	Latif Khosa	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Roman Kofman (Ukrainian: Кофман Роман Ісаакович; born 15 June 1936) is a Ukrainian composer, conductor, music educator and People's Artist of Ukraine (2003).	Roman Kofman	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Somrit Ornsomjit (Thai สมฤทธิ์ อ่อนสมจิตร) is a former Thailand national team player.	Somrit Ornsomjit	Thailand
country of citizenship	Wendy Blunsden (born 9 February 1942) captained the Australia national women's cricket team in one Test match and played a total of seven tests.	Wendy Blunsden	Australia
country of citizenship	Baron Frans Van den Bergh (1914 -- 21 October 1990) was a Belgian businessman, who founded the cigar factory Alto in Turnhout, Belgium, and who would become one of the leading managers of Janssen Pharmaceutica.	Frans Van den Bergh	Belgium
country of citizenship	Allan McFarlane Esq. (10 April 1792 -- 11 March 1864) was a Scottish pastoralist and parliamentarian in the The Murray and then Mount Barker districts of the Colony of South Australia.	Allan McFarlane	Australia
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Zygmunt Pac (Lithuanian: Kristupas Zigmantas Pacas) (1621--1684) was a Polish nobleman and the Chancellor (1658--1684) of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.	Krzysztof Zygmunt Pac	Grand Duchy of Lithuania
country of citizenship	Isaac Casaubon (/kəˈsɔːbən/; French: (kazobɔ̃); 18 February 1559 -- 1 July 1614) was a classical scholar and philologist, first in France and then later in England, regarded by many of his time as the most learned man in Europe.	Isaac Casaubon	France
country of citizenship	Louise Jöhncke (born 31 July 1976 in Stockholm) is a former freestyle swimmer from Sweden, who competed for her native country at two consequentive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996.	Louise Jöhncke	Sweden
country of citizenship	John Charles Watts-Russell JP (1825 -- 2 April 1875) was a 19th-century New Zealand politician, a member of the Canterbury Provincial Council and a member of the Legislative Council.	John Charles Watts-Russell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Frank Bungarten is a classical guitarist from Germany.	Frank Bungarten	Germany
country of citizenship	Louis Pouzin (born 1931 in Chantenay-Saint-Imbert, Nièvre, France) invented the datagram and designed an early packet communications network, CYCLADES.	Louis Pouzin	France
country of citizenship	Brian Harold Mason (18 April 1917 -- 3 December 2009) was a New Zealand geochemist and mineralogist who was one of the pioneers in the study of meteorites.	Brian Harold Mason	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Elias Xitavhudzi was a serial killer who murdered 16 men and women in Atteridgeville, South Africa in the 1950s.	Elias Xitavhudzi	South Africa
country of citizenship	Bojan Regoje (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Регоје; born December 2, 1982) is a Bosnian professional footballer playing for the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina club Olimpic Sarajevo since 2011.	Bojan Regoje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Mohammed Mahdi Akef (Arabic: محمد مهدى عاكف) (born July 12, 1928) was the head of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Egypt-based Islamic political movement, from 2004 until 2010.	Mohammed Mahdi Akef	Egypt
country of citizenship	In January 2007, Paulo Musse returned to Brazil for Bahia, Vitória's city rival, started the 2007 Copa do Brasil matches.	Paulo Musse	Brazil
country of citizenship	Olivier Nägele (born 17 March 1972) is a Liechtenstein born ski mountaineer.	Olivier Nägele	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Born Clara Decima Norman in Tammin, Western Australia, Decima's parents died when she was young, and she was adopted by her brother and his wife, who lived in Perth.	Decima Norman	Australia
country of citizenship	Zenon Nowak (27 January 1905 -- 21 August 1980) was a Communist activist and politician in the People's Republic of Poland.	Zenon Nowak	Poland
country of citizenship	Chung Min-tae (Hangul: 정민태, Hanja: 鄭珉台; born March 1, 1970 in Incheon, South Korea) is a former pitcher in the Korea Baseball Organization and Nippon Professional Baseball, and the current pitching coach of the Hanwha Eagles.	Chung Min-tae	South Korea
country of citizenship	Worrawech Danuwong (born May 16, 1984 in Suphan Buri, Thailand), mainly known as Dan, is a singer from the popular Thai boy band D2B that included two other members, Kawee Tanjararak (Beam) and Panrawat Kittikorncharoen (Big).	Worrawech Danuwong	Thailand
country of citizenship	Martin Kohli (born 8 May 1942 in Solothurn / Switzerland) is a Sociologist who has been working at the European University Institute (EUI) in Florence since 2004.	Martin Kohli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Abhilash Mallick (born 21 November 1991) in Cuttack, Odisha, India is an Oriya cricketer.	Abhilash Mallick	India
country of citizenship	Sîdîyîk Ibrahim H. Mîrzî (known in Romanian as Sadîc Ibraim) (1909-1959) was a Crimean Tatar spiritual leader, imam, Mufti of the Muslim community of Romania, and activist for ethnic Tatar causes.	Sîdîyîk Ibrahim H. Mîrzî	Romania
country of citizenship	David Tarka (born 11 February 1983 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian association footballer, who played 2 games for the national team.	David Tarka	Australia
country of citizenship	Snežana Samardžić-Marković (Serbian pronunciation: (sněʒana sǎmardʒitɕ mǎːrkoʋitɕ)) (Serbian Cyrillic: Снежана Самарџић-Марковић, born March 10, 1966, Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician who has been the Council of Europe's Director General for democracy since February 2012.	Snežana Samardžić-Marković	Serbia
country of citizenship	Agostinho Mondlane (born 21 November 1959) is a Mozambican politician who has served as Mozambique's Minister of Defence since 2014.	Agostinho Mondlane	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Christiaan Karel Appel was born on 25 April 1921 in his parents' house at Dapperstraat 7 in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Karel Appel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Brad Farrow (born October 5, 1956 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a retired judoka from Canada, who represented his native country at two Summer Olympics: 1976 and 1984.	Brad Farrow	Canada
country of citizenship	Hone Tuwhare (21 October 1922 -- 16 January 2008) was a noted New Zealand poet of Māori ancestry.	Hone Tuwhare	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr José Tomás de Sousa Martins (7 March 1843 -- 19 August 1897) was a doctor renowned for his work amongst the poor in Lisbon, Portugal.	José Tomás de Sousa Martins	Portugal
country of citizenship	Julio Julián (Mexico City, 15 August 1935) is a Mexican operatic tenor, primarily known for zarzuela.	Julio Julián	Mexico
country of citizenship	Anders Winroth (born 1965 in Ludvika in Sweden) is a professor of medieval history at Yale University.	Anders Winroth	Sweden
country of citizenship	William George Sinclair (born 2 June 1989), better known by his stage name Willy Moon, is a New Zealand-born musician, singer, songwriter and producer.	Willy Moon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	James Hutton Kidd (12 September 1877--24 October 1945) was a New Zealand horticulturist and community leader.	James Hutton Kidd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexi Kaye Campbell was born Alexi Komondouros in Athens, Greece, to a Greek father and British mother.	Alexi Kaye Campbell	Greece
country of citizenship	Thomas Winther Andersen (born 29 April 1969 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian born, now Amsterdam-based jazz musician (double bass), married to jazz singer Henriette Andersen.	Thomas Winther Andersen	Norway
country of citizenship	Vilas Muttemwar (orig. Muthyamwar) (born 22 March 1949) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Vilas Muttemwar	India
country of citizenship	Madame Nadine Wulffius (1899--1992) was a ballet dancer and choreographer and the founder of her own Ballet School in Maddington, Western Australia.	Nadine Wulffius	Australia
country of citizenship	Maya Bouskilla was born to a religious Moroccan-Jewish family in Netanya, Israel.	Maya Bouskilla	Israel
country of citizenship	Syed Abrar Hussain Gilani, better known as Shakir ul Qadri, (Urdu: شاکرالقادری ‎) is an Urdu poet and author from Pakistan and Islamic scholar of Sufismin Chishti Order.	Shakir ul Qadri	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Stanisław Dragan (21 November 1941 in Sadkowa Góra, Poland -- 21 April 2007 in Kasinka Mała, Poland) is a boxer from Poland.	Stanisław Dragan	Poland
country of citizenship	Alan Belkin's works have been played in Canada, Mexico, Europe, and the United States.	Alan Belkin	Canada
country of citizenship	In 2012 Tania Zaetta was one of 12 celebrities who participated in Season 2 of The Celebrity Apprentice Australia.	Tania Zaetta	Australia
country of citizenship	Nicholas II Garai (Hungarian: Garai Miklós II, Croatian: Nikola II Gorjanski; 1367--1433) was the Palatine of Hungary from 1402 until 1433 and the ban of Macsó, Usora, Só, Slavonia, Croatia and Dalmatia.	Nicholas II Garai	Hungary
country of citizenship	Bob Sheens was a rugby league footballer in Australia's major competition the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL).	Bob Sheens	Australia
country of citizenship	Sergei Gaidukevich (born 8 September 1954, Minsk, Belarus) was the Liberal Democratic Party candidate in the 2001, 2006, and 2015 elections for the office of President of Belarus.	Sergei Gaidukevich	Belarus
country of citizenship	Syed Azhar Saeed (born 25 December 1970 in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan) is a former cricketer who played international cricket for the United Arab Emirates.	Azhar Saeed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Peter Schiergen (born 23 March 1965 in Willich, West Germany) is a former German champion jockey and a Thoroughbred racehorse trainer.	Peter Schiergen	Germany
country of citizenship	Tinga Stewart (born Neville Stewart, c.1955, Kingston, Jamaica) is a reggae singer.	Tinga Stewart	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Lien Deyers, stage name of Nicolina Dijjers Spanier, (5 November 1909, in Amsterdam -- March 1982), was a screen actress from the Netherlands, who worked in the German film-industry.	Lien Deyers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	He was born in Crinkill Barracks, King's County (now County Offaly), Ireland, where his father (also named Henry George Farmer, d. 1900) was serving in the Prince of Wales's Leinster Regiment of the British Army.	Henry George Farmer	Ireland
country of citizenship	Willms Buhse (born 3 November 1970 in Langenhagen, West Germany) is a German business executive, author, speaker and consultant based in Hamburg.	Willms Buhse	Germany
country of citizenship	Eugen Rozvan (Hungarian: Jenő Rozvány; Russian: Евгений Георгиевич Розвань, Evgeny Georgiyevich Rozvan; December 28, 1878--June 16, 1938) was a Hungarian-born Romanian communist activist, lawyer, and Marxist historian, who settled in the Soviet Union late in his life.	Eugen Rozvan	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Jeanne Henriette Louis (often spelled Jeanne-Henriette Louis), born in 1938 in Bordeaux, is professor emeritus of civilization in North America at the University of Orleans, France.	Jeanne Henriette Louis	France
country of citizenship	Werner Stark was born in Marienbad, Austrian Empire (now in the Czech Republic), to parents of Jewish origin.	Werner Stark	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	John Sproule Mills (1887 -- October 28, 1972) was an Irish-born politician in Canada.	John Sproule Mills	Canada
country of citizenship	Léon Mébiame (1 September 1934 -- 18 December 2015) was a Gabonese politician who was Prime Minister of Gabon from 1975 to 1990.	Léon Mébiame	Gabon
country of citizenship	Benito Rosales acted briefly as the 23rd President (then called Supreme Director) of Nicaragua between 8 March and 1 April 1849.	Benito Rosales	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	May Birchard (died July 30, 1968) was a municipal politician and poverty activist in Toronto, Canada.	May Birchard	Canada
country of citizenship	Amr Singh (born 26 April 1985, in Cape Town, South Africa) is a film director based in Cape Town, South Africa.	Amr Singh	South Africa
country of citizenship	Babatunde Kwaku Adadevoh (October 4, 1933 -- October 5, 1997) was a Nigerian Physician, educational administrator and former Vice chancellor of the University of Lagos Nigeria.	Babatunde Kwaku Adadevoh	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Benny Greb (born on June 13, 1980 in Augsburg, Germany) is a prolific German drummer and clinician.	Benny Greb	Germany
country of citizenship	Hughie Williams (born 3 September 1933) is the former State Secretary of the Queensland Branch of the Transport Workers Union of Australia.	Hughie Williams	Australia
country of citizenship	Kali Gwegwe (born 2 July, 1969 in Oguta, Imo State, Nigeria) is the former Chairman of Bayelsa United F.C., a Nigerian Premier League outfit based in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State.	Kali Gwegwe	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Amanmurad Hommadov (born January 28, 1989 in Tejen, Turkmen SSR) is a Turkmenistan hammer thrower.	Amanmurad Hommadov	Turkmenistan
country of citizenship	Civil engineer and graduate of MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), Emmanuel de Buretel was appointed in 1986 CEO of Virgin Publishing France by Richard Branson and went on to sign artists such as Youssou Ndour, Cheb Khaled, Mano Negra, Les Négresses Vertes.	Emmanuel de Buretel	France
country of citizenship	Stephanie Tauevihi is a New Zealand songwriter, singer and actress, known for her work as the fictional character, Donna Heka, in the New Zealand television series Shortland Street.	Stephanie Tauevihi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Teresa María Rojas is a Cuban writer, educator, director, and actress born in Havana, Cuba.	Teresa María Rojas	Cuba
country of citizenship	Moses Amadu Yahaya is a Ghanaian building technician, politician and the current Member of Parliament for the Kumbungu constituency in the Northern Region of Ghana.	Moses Amadu Yahaya	Ghana
country of citizenship	Sigvart Dagsland (born 18 October 1963 in Stavanger, Norway) is a Norwegian singer, pianist and composer.	Sigvart Dagsland	Norway
country of citizenship	Edith Klestil (née Wielander; 13 November 1932 -- 29 March 2011) was the first wife of Thomas Klestil, the former federal president of Austria.	Edith Klestil	Austria
country of citizenship	Tatjana Ječmenica (Serbian Cyrillic: Татјана Јечменица; born July 4, 1978 in Novi Sad, Vojvodina, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former professional tennis player from Serbia.	Tatjana Ječmenica	Serbia
country of citizenship	Ben Agbee is an artist of Ghana.	Ben Agbee	Ghana
country of citizenship	Puran Rana Tharu (Nepali: पुरण राना थारु) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Puran Rana Tharu	Nepal
country of citizenship	Steve Millen (born 17 February 1950) is a retired New Zealand IMSA racecar driver.	Steve Millen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Muhammad Mustafa Mero (Arabic: محمد مصطفى ميرو‎) (born 1941) is a former Prime Minister of Syria who was in office from 7 March 2000 to 10 September 2003.	Muhammad Mustafa Mero	Syria
country of citizenship	Jean-Paul Troadec (born October 14, 1948 in Saint-Renan, Finistère, France) is a French aerospace engineer and public servant.	Jean-Paul Troadec	France
country of citizenship	Alaba Jonathan (born 1 June 1992 Calabar, Nigeria) is a Nigerian Football-player.	Alaba Jonathan	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Margaret Caro (17 December 1848--19 May 1938) was a New Zealand dentist, seventh-day adventist and social reformer.	Margaret Caro	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nicole Valéry Grossu (born Nicoleta Valeria Bruteanu, July 4, 1919, Turnu Măgurele, Romania - December 14, 1996, Paris, France) was a Romanian Christian writer, journalist and anti-communist activist.	Nicole Valéry Grossu	Romania
country of citizenship	Héctor Federico Carballo (born March 14, 1980 in Morón, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for CA Mitre in Argentina.	Héctor Federico Carballo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Emil Hassler (20 June 1864 -- 4 November 1937) (French:Émile Hassler, Spanish: Emilio Hassler) was a Swiss physician, ethnographer, naturalist and botanist well known for his collections and contributions to the description of the flora and culture of Paraguay.	Emil Hassler	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Eldar Mahmudov Ahmad oglu (Azerbaijani: Eldar Mahmudov Əhməd oğlu) is an Azerbaijani politician formerly serving as the Minister of National Security of Azerbaijan Republic.	Eldar Mahmudov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Badruddin Ahmad (17 August 1912, Patiala, India - 19 March 1981, Karachi, Pakistan) was a pioneer in the field of Civil aviation.	Badruddin Ahmad	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Francisco Álvares was a chaplain-priest and almoner to King Manuel I of Portugal.	Francisco Álvares	Portugal
country of citizenship	Laurent Wéry (born in Aalst, Belgium 1975) is a Belgian DJ and producer.	Laurent Wéry	Belgium
country of citizenship	Enygma was born in Kampala, Uganda but spent his childhood in London, England.	Enygma	Uganda
country of citizenship	Ursula Werner is a German actress born September 28, 1943 in Eberswalde, Germany.	Ursula Werner	Germany
country of citizenship	Benjamin Parkyn Richardson (22 July 1857 - 8 August 1910) was a member of the first North-West Legislative Assembly in Northwest Territories, Canada, from 20 June 1888 until 10 October 1891.	Benjamin Parkyn Richardson	Canada
country of citizenship	Kariattil Mar Ousep (5 May 1742 -- 10 September 1786) was the first native Indian to be appointed as Archbishop of the Syrian Catholics in the territory now comprising Kerala, India.	Kariattil Mar Ousep	India
country of citizenship	James Colledge Pope, PC (June 11, 1826 -- May 8, 1885) was a land proprietor and politician on Prince Edward Island (PEI), Canada.	James Colledge Pope	Canada
country of citizenship	Magdalena Wójcik (born September 2, 1975 in Krasnystaw, Poland) is a Polish singer and lead member of the Polish band Goya.	Magdalena Wójcik	Poland
country of citizenship	Apiwat Chaemcharoen (Thai อภิวัฒน์ แจ่มเจริญ), is a Thai futsal Midfielder, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Apiwat Chaemcharoen	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jan van Ispelen (born 12 April 1941 in Schönebeck) is a retired boxer, who was born in Germany but competed for the Netherlands.	Jan van Ispelen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mervat Amin (Arabic: ميرفت أمين‎) (Born: November 24, 1946), is an Egyptian actress in El-Menya in Egypt.	Mervat Amin	Egypt
country of citizenship	Liudas Jakavicius-Grimalauskas (10 August 1910, Riga, Latvia -- 3 July 1998, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a famous Lithuanian pianist, composer and theatre director.	Liudas Jakavicius-Grimalauskas	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ronald Koone Sebego is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Botswana and the National Assembly of Botswana.	Ronald Koone Sebego	Botswana
country of citizenship	Sir Adam Mortimer Singer, KBE, JP (25 July 1863 -- 24 June 1929) was an Anglo-American landowner, philanthropist, and sportsman, who was one of the earliest pilots in both France and the United Kingdom.	Mortimer Singer	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Kamil Jankovský (born 10 March 1958) is a Czech politician, who served as Minister of Regional Development of the Czech Republic from July 2010 to July 2013.	Kamil Jankovský	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Arjarn Tong Trithara (born on the 3rd of March, 1952 in Banpan, Ayutthaya Province, Thailand) is a Thai-born Muay Thai instructor and former Muay Thai boxer.	Tong Trithara	Thailand
country of citizenship	Nyree Dawn Porter OBE (22 January 1936 -- 10 April 2001), born Ngaire Dawn Porter (``Nyree'' is the phonetic spelling of her birth forename), was a New Zealand-born stage, film and television actress.	Nyree Dawn Porter	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nils Grevillius (March 7, 1893, Stockholm -- August 15, 1970, Mariefred, Sweden) was a Swedish conductor and violinist.	Nils Grevillius	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ogbogu Okonji was born in Ogboli Quarters in Ibusa, Oshimili-North Local Government Area, Delta State, South-south, Nigeria.	Ogbogu Okonji	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Laura Tanguy (born August 2, 1987 in Angers) is a French beauty pageant contestant who was elected second runner-up of Miss France 2008.	Laura Tanguy	France
country of citizenship	Ibrahima Diallo (born 26 September 1985) is a footballer from Guinea who plays as a left back for Angers.	Ibrahima Diallo	Guinea
country of citizenship	Dominique Sarron (born August 27, 1959 in Riom, Puy-de-Dôme) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from France.	Dominique Sarron	France
country of citizenship	In Russia Solomon Volkov is also well known due to his dialogues with Joseph Brodsky, collected and published in 1998.	Solomon Volkov	Russia
country of citizenship	Lyubov Kiryukhina-Tsyoma (born 19 May 1963, Russian: Любовь Кирюхина-Цёма) is a retired middle-distance runner who represented the Soviet Union and later Russia.	Lyubov Kiryukhina-Tsyoma	Russia
country of citizenship	Marcos Galperin was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina to a wealthy family, owner of SADESA, one of the largest leather sellers companies in the world.	Marcos Galperin	Argentina
country of citizenship	Chaudhry Aitzaz Ahsan (Punjabi, Urdu: چودھری اعتزاز احسن‎; b. 27 September 1945) is a Pakistani people barrister, veteran activist-politician, constitutional theorist and a left-wing statesman who serves as the Leader of the Opposition in the Senate of Pakistan.	Aitzaz Ahsan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ligi Sao (born 11 October 1992 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League.	Ligi Sao	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anthony Seuseu is a former New Zealand rugby league player.	Anthony Seuseu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Navin Maharaj (born 1939) is a Fiji Indian businessman, former mayor of Suva and member of the House of Representatives of Fiji.	Navin Maharaj	Fiji
country of citizenship	Kenny McFadden is an American former professional basketball player who currently works in coaching and development of basketball in New Zealand.	Kenny McFadden	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yolanda Ordaz de la Cruz (1963 -- 26 July 2011) was a crime reporter that had worked for nearly three decades for Notiver, the largest-circulation newspaper in Veracruz, Mexico.	Yolanda Ordaz de la Cruz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Salomon Isacovici (1924 in Sighetu Marmaţiei, Romania -- 1998) was a Jewish Holocaust survivor who became a writer and businessman in Ecuador.	Salomon Isacovici	Romania
country of citizenship	Zain Verjee (born February 11, 1974) is journalist who was born and raised in Kenya.	Zain Verjee	Kenya
country of citizenship	Noel Monkman (1896--1969) was an Australian filmmaker, born in New Zealand, best known for specialising in underwater photography.	Noel Monkman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Downstreet was the first of several books Lawrence Bransby wrote and won the MER Prize in South Africa.	Lawrence Bransby	South Africa
country of citizenship	Katerina Ksenyeva (born December 5, 1975, Russian: Катерина Ксеньева) is a New York-based singer, composer, actress, author and journalist from Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Katerina Ksenyeva	Russia
country of citizenship	William Thomas Henry (January 2, 1872 -- September 11, 1952) was a politician, real estate agent and businessman in Alberta, Canada.	William Thomas Henry	Canada
country of citizenship	Thomas Graikos (born 18 March 1991, in Greece) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Football League club Zakynthos, as a Right back.	Thomas Graikos	Greece
country of citizenship	Alessandro Sartori is an Italian fashion designer born in Biella, Italy in 1966.	Alessandro Sartori	Italy
country of citizenship	Olugbenga Ashiru (27 August 1948 -- 29 November 2014) was Foreign Minister of Nigeria from 2011 to 2013.	Olugbenga Ashiru	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Nabo Gass (* 25. August 1954 in Ebingen, Germany) is a German painter and glass artist.	Nabo Gass	Germany
country of citizenship	Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto, also known as Dudu (born February 2, 1980, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer, who has currently plays for Bonsucesso Futebol Clube.	Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jean Althen (Hovhannès Althounian; 1709--1774) was an Iranian-Armenian agronomist who developed the cultivation of madder in France.	Jean Althen	France
country of citizenship	Ammara Noman (Urdu: عمارہ نعمان‎) is a Pakistani chef who rose to prominence after winning the title of first MasterChef Pakistan.	Ammara Noman	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Luigi Lucioni was born on November 4, 1900 in Malnate, Italy, which lies in a mountainous region approximately 30 miles north of Milan, in the foothills of the Alps near the border between Italy and Switzerland.	Luigi Lucioni	Italy
country of citizenship	Frank Liivak (born 7 July 1996) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Spanish club Alcobendas Sport and the Estonia national football team.	Frank Liivak	Estonia
country of citizenship	Emiliano Brembilla (born 21 December 1978 in Ponte San Pietro, near Bergamo) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy.	Emiliano Brembilla	Italy
country of citizenship	María Amparo Escandón (born June 19, 1957 in Mexico City) is a Mexican born, US citizen.	María Amparo Escandón	Mexico
country of citizenship	Dariusz Jabłoński (born 1961) is a Polish film director and producer, president of his own production company, Apple Film Productions, and one of the leading independent producers in Poland.	Dariusz Jabłoński	Poland
country of citizenship	Tha Feelstyle was born in Samoa and moved to New Zealand in the 1980s.	Tha Feelstyle	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John McBeth (born 31 May 1944) is an author and journalist from New Zealand, with the majority of his career spent in Southeast Asia.	John McBeth	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tchort with fellow Green Carnation performer Kjetil Nordhus, established his own record label, Sublife Productions in Kristiansand, Norway, on 1 July 2005.	Tchort	Norway
country of citizenship	Giannis Tatasopoulos (Greek: Γιάννης Τατασόπουλος) (born 7 January 1928, in Kifissia, Greece) was a Greek musician and renowned bouzouki master, soloist, and composer who achieved a number one hit in the national Greek charts in the 1950s and appeared a number of times on Greek national television.	Giannis Tatasopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Muriel Smith was the first woman in Canada to serve as a deputy premier.	Muriel Smith	Canada
country of citizenship	Seyed Majid Hosseini (Persian: مجید حسینی‎‎, born 20 June 1996 in Karaj) is an Iranian football Defender, who currently plays for Rah Ahan in Iran's Premier League football.	Majid Hosseini	Iran
country of citizenship	Alexander Archipenko was born in Kiev, (Russian Empire, now Ukraine) in 1887, to Porfiry Antonowych Archipenko and Poroskowia Vassylivna Machowa Archipenko; he was the younger brother of Eugene Archipenko.	Alexander Archipenko	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	He was chairman of Sergio Bonelli Editore (formerly known as CEPIM), one of Italy's major comics publishers (titles include Tex, Dylan Dog, Mister No and many others).	Sergio Bonelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Slobodan Uzelac, Ph.D., (Serbian: Слободан Узелац, born in Kakma on August 9, 1947) who served as Vice Prime Minister of Croatia for Regional Development, Reconstruction and Return.	Slobodan Uzelac	Croatia
country of citizenship	Martha Namundjebo-Tilahun is a Namibian businesswoman and a former president of the Namibia Chamber of Commerce and Industry (NCCI).	Martha Namundjebo-Tilahun	Namibia
country of citizenship	Muhammad Mansur Ali (Bengali: মোঃ মনসুর আলী; 1919 -- November 3, 1975) was a Bangladeshi politician who was a close confidante of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the founding leader of Bangladesh.	Muhammad Mansur Ali	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Farida Mohammad Ali (Arabic,فريدة محمد علي) (born 1963 in Kerbala, Iraq) is an Iraqi singer.	Farida Mohammad Ali	Iraq
country of citizenship	Glen Black is a former New Zealand rugby league referee.	Glen Black	New Zealand
country of citizenship	David Kraiselburd was born into a working-class Ukrainian Jewish family in Berisso, an industrial city north of La Plata, Argentina, in 1912.	David Kraiselburd	Argentina
country of citizenship	Christopher de Souza (Chinese: 迪舒沙, Tamil: கிறிஸ்தபர் டி சூசா; born 21 January 1976) is a member of the Singapore Parliament and a practising litigation partner at the Singapore-based law firm Lee & Lee.	Christopher de Souza	Singapore
country of citizenship	Herman de Coninck was born in Mechelen, Belgium, where his parents ran a Catholic bookshop.	Herman de Coninck	Belgium
country of citizenship	Charles Bonar Sirait (born at Jakarta, March 19, 1971) is a television presenter in Indonesia.	Charles Bonar Sirait	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Ana María Ortiz (born 1989) is a Bolivian beauty queen and model and Bolivia's delegate to Miss World in 2006.	Ana María Ortiz	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Eliza Gordon (29 January 1877 -- 15 June 1938) was a New Zealand nurse, midwife and welfare worker.	Eliza Gordon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Jones Ross, PC (August 16, 1831 -- May 4, 1901) was born in Quebec City, Canada.	John Jones Ross	Canada
country of citizenship	Victor Gu (full name Victor Gu Chian Peow, born in 1977 in Damansara Utama, Malaysia) is a former NTV7 newscaster, was an active debater at Universiti Malaya.	Victor Gu	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Bart Willoughby (born 12 September 1960) is an Indigenous Australian musician, noted for his pioneering fusion of reggae with Indigenous Australian musical influences, and for his contribution to growth of Indigenous music in Australia.	Bart Willoughby	Australia
country of citizenship	Lope Recio Loynaz (August 23, 1860 - July 24, 1927) was a Cuban military man, and the military general of Cuba.	Lope Recio Loynaz	Cuba
country of citizenship	Georgi Semerdzhiev (Bulgarian: Георги Семерджиев) (born 8 August 1986) is a football striker from Bulgaria currently playing for Sportist Svoge.	Georgi Semerdzhiev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Jim Abercrombie (born ``James Maskell'' in South Australia (1880-1948)) was an Australian rugby league player for the Wests Magpies in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition, he also played rugby union for North Sydney and Glebe.	Jim Abercrombie	Australia
country of citizenship	Karen Stintz (born c. 1970) is a former City Councillor in Toronto, Canada.	Karen Stintz	Canada
country of citizenship	As a group of five Mecca2Medina (M2M) performed at many Islamic events around the United Kingdom.	Mecca2Medina	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	R. V. G. Menon is a professor of engineering in Kerala, India.	R. V. G. Menon	India
country of citizenship	Daniel Lins Côrtes (born 12 December 1979 in Niteroi, Brazil), nicknamed Daniel, is a Brazilian-born New Zealand footballer.	Daniel Lins Côrtes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Antonio Martínez Sarrión (born 1939 in Albacete, Spain), poet and translator.	Antonio Martínez Sarrión	Spain
country of citizenship	Ahmed Evariste Medego (born 7 April 1982) is a Chadian international football striker who currently plays for Gazelle FC in the Chad Premier League.	Ahmed Evariste Medego	Chad
country of citizenship	Leonel Morales (born 2 September 1988, Coripata, Bolivia) is a Bolivian football Left back who plays for Sport Boys Warnes on loan from Bolívar in the Liga de Futbol Profesional Boliviano.	Leonel Morales	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Antonio Monticini (1792-1854) was an Italian choreographer, ballet dancer, and composer who was active in major theatres throughout Italy during the first half of the 19th century.	Antonio Monticini	Italy
country of citizenship	Peter Pennoyer FAIA (born on February 19, 1957 in New York City, New York, United States of America) is an award-winning architect and principal of Peter Pennoyer Architects in New York City.	Peter Pennoyer	United States of America
country of citizenship	Salaheddine Saidi (Arabic: صلاح الدين السعيدي‎ -- born 6 February 1987, Marrakech) is a Moroccan international footballer who plays for Wydad Casablanca in the Botola and also for Morocco national football team.	Salaheddine Saidi	Morocco
country of citizenship	Gustavo Gabriel Levene was born on August 30, 1905, in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca, Catamarca, Argentina where he begins his elementary studies, later moving to Buenos Aires, where he finishes his secondary studies.	Gustavo Gabriel Levene	Argentina
country of citizenship	Bharat Kalicharan, alias Akku Yadav (1972-August 13, 2004), was a 32-year-old alleged rapist and murderer in India who, on August 13, 2004, was lynched by a mob of around 200 women from Kasturba Nagar.	Akku Yadav	India
country of citizenship	Alfredo Da Silva was born February 20, 1935 during the end of an inconclusive Chaco War between Bolivia and Paraguay.	Alfredo Da Silva	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Annah Mac is a New Zealand singer-songwriter, producer and musician.	Annah Mac	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Crown Prince Soulivong Savang (born May 8, 1963), grandson of the last King of Laos Savang Vatthana, is the pretender to the Lao throne.	Soulivong Savang	Laos
country of citizenship	Zarina Baloch (Sindhi: زرينه بلوچ‎) (December 29, 1934 in Allahdad Chand Village, Hyderabad, Sindh, Pakistan -- October 25, 2005 in Karachi) was a Pakistani folk music singer , vocalist and composer.	Zarina Baloch	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Claudio Silva da Fonseca (Carioca) (born November 3, 1979 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Unión La Calera of the Primera División in Chile.	Claudio Silva da Fonseca	Brazil
country of citizenship	Li Guixian (Chinese: 李贵鲜; born August 1937) is a retired politician of the People's Republic of China, and a former governor of People's Bank of China.	Li Guixian	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Neville Lederle (born 25 September 1938 in Theunissen, Orange Free State) is a former racing driver from South Africa.	Neville Lederle	South Africa
country of citizenship	Renuka Ray (1904--1997) was a noted freedom-fighter, social activist and politician of India.	Renuka Ray	India
country of citizenship	Shafqat Amanat Ali was born into a Muslim family in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan to Ustad Amanat Ali Khan, on 26 February 1965 making him the ninth generation of Patiala Gharana.	Shafqat Amanat Ali	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Asirwadham Christopher Asir (5 December 1947 -- 3 February 2012) was the bishop of Madurai Ramnad Diocese of Church of South India.	Christopher Asir	India
country of citizenship	Tom Herron (14 December 1948 -- 26 May 1979) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Lisburn, County Antrim in Northern Ireland.	Tom Herron	Ireland
country of citizenship	Hetty Balkenende (also spelled Hettie, born c. 1939) is a former freestyle swimmer and synchronized swimmer from the Netherlands who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1954 European Aquatics Championships.	Hetty Balkenende	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Joseph Parrenin (born May 16, 1941, in Trévillers, France) is the incumbent first Vice-President of the Franche-Comté Regional Council.	Joseph Parrenin	France
country of citizenship	Major-General (retired) Mamman Kontagora (April 20, 1944 -- May 29, 2013) was Military Administrator of the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalam Abubakar, handing over control to a civilian in May 1999.	Mamman Kontagora	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Air Chief Marshal Pratap Chandra Lal (December 1916 -- August 1982) was the Chief of Air Staff (India) of the Indian Air Force during the Indo-Pakistan War of 1971.	Pratap Chandra Lal	India
country of citizenship	Subash Gajurel (Nepali: सुवास गजुरेल) is a film director from Nepal.	Subash Gajurel	Nepal
country of citizenship	Eric Moyo (born 1982, Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwean singer and the first ever winner of Idols East Africa a version of the Idol series.	Eric Moyo	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Thomas Janeschitz (born June 22, 1966) is a retired Austria international footballer, and a football coach who is currently with the national team in a coach development program.	Thomas Janeschitz	Austria
country of citizenship	Václav Simon was a Czech professional football manager active primarily in Sweden with Malmö FF, IS Halmia, AIK, Vinbergs IF, Halmstads BK and Trelleborgs FF.	Václav Simon	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ataullah Bogdan Kopański (born in 1948) is a European historian of Central and Eastern Europe, especially of Muslims in this region, today based in Malaysia.	Ataullah Bogdan Kopański	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Sir Mohammed Anwar Pervez OBE, HI (Urdu: سر انور پرویز‎), (born March 1935) is a Pakistan-born British businessman.	Anwar Pervez	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Bernd Erbel (born 11 December 1947 in Simmern, Germany) is a German diplomat and is the former Ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany in Iran (October 2009 - October 2013).	Bernd Erbel	Germany
country of citizenship	Amitava Roy (born 1 March 1953) is the judge of the Supreme Court of India and former Chief Justice of the Odisha High Court and Rajasthan High Court.	Amitava Roy	India
country of citizenship	Henry Zakka (born July 29, 1956, Caracas, Venezuela), is a Venezuelan actor and director.	Henry Zakka	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Tohnain Anthony Nguo better known as Magasco aka ``Bamenda Boy'' is a Cameroonian Afro-pop/afro-beats artist from the northwestern part of Cameroon.	Magasco	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Amina Masood Janjua, (Urdu: آمنہ مسعود جنجوعہ‎): born 28 April 1964, originally a painter and a poetess, is known for her struggle against enforced disappearance in Pakistan.	Amina Masood Janjua	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Christine Kaufmann is dubbed as the ``most beautiful grandmother in Germany''.	Christine Kaufmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Manu Sharma is one of several high-profile criminals brought to trial in India through media activism.	Manu Sharma	India
country of citizenship	During the 1960s, Othello Radou was commissioned by the French State to execute several murals for various scholastic establishments throughout France.	Othello Radou	France
country of citizenship	Malcolm Wakeford was born in Dartford, near London, England and emigrated to Australia with his family at age 11.	Malcolm Wakeford	Australia
country of citizenship	For West Germany Jupp Kapellmann came to action in five games in between 1973 and 1974, but could not land himself a regular participation.	Jupp Kapellmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Antanas Merkys ( pronunciation ; 1 February 1887 -- 5 March 1955) was the last Prime Minister of independent Lithuania, serving from November 1939 to June 1940.	Antanas Merkys	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Craig Marriner (born 1974) is a novelist from Rotorua, New Zealand.	Craig Marriner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jon Olsson born in Mora (17 August 1982), Sweden is a professional freeskier and alpine ski racer.	Jon Olsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Miklós Németh (ˈmikloːʃ ˈneːmɛt) (born 14 January 1948, in Monok, Hungary) is a Hungarian economist and politician, who served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 24 November 1988 to 23 May 1990.	Miklós Németh	Hungary
country of citizenship	Ove Fundin (born 23 May 1933 in Tranås, Sweden) is a former speedway rider who won the Speedway World Championship Final five times (1956, 1960, 1961, 1963, 1967), only bettered by Ivan Mauger and fellow Swede Tony Rickardsson who each won six World Championships.	Ove Fundin	Sweden
country of citizenship	Nadine Chandrawinata (born May 8, 1984) was Puteri Indonesia (Miss Indonesia Universe) or literally Princess Of Indonesia 2005, and a delegate representing Indonesia in the 2006 Miss Universe Pageant.	Nadine Chandrawinata	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Fabrizio Mejía Madrid (born 1968) is a Mexican writer and journalist from Mexico City.	Fabrizio Mejía	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kuhan Shanmuganathan (born 23 July 1976) is a retired field hockey player from Port Dickson, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Kuhan Shanmuganathan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Hieronim Malecki was the son of Jan Malecki (sometimes referred to as ``Jan Sandecki'' or ``Jan Sandecki-Malecki''), who was a printer of Polish language Lutheran religious literature in Królewiec (Königsberg, now Kaliningrad) in Ducal Prussia, then a fief of Kingdom of Poland.	Hieronim Malecki	Poland
country of citizenship	Christoph Heemann (born 1964 in West Germany), is a German musician.	Christoph Heemann	Germany
country of citizenship	Daniel Rosas Reyes (born September 18, 1989 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Bantamweight.	Daniel Rosas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Andrew Timlin (born June 15, 1974) is a retired field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a regular member of the men's national team, nicknamed The Black Sticks, during the 1990s.	Andrew Timlin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tan Sri Datuk Amar Stephen Yong Kuet Tze (born 1921-2001, Sarawak, Malaysia) was a former Cabinet Minister in Malaysia.	Stephen Yong Kuet Tze	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Natalia Avelon (born 29 March 1980, Wrocław, Poland) is a Polish-German actress and singer.	Natalia Avelon	Poland
country of citizenship	Paddy Berry (Patrick Joseph Berry), born 12 October 1937, is a traditional Irish singer from Wexford, Ireland.	Paddy Berry	Ireland
country of citizenship	N. P. Chellappan Nair (1903 - 1972) was a playwright and short story writer from Kerala, India.	N. P. Chellappan Nair	India
country of citizenship	Stevan Sremac was born in Senta in Bačka region (then part of the Austrian Voivodeship of Serbia and Banat of Temeschwar) on 11 November 1855.	Stevan Sremac	Serbia
country of citizenship	Francis Cleyn was born in Rostock in Germany, and while a youth displayed such abilities that he was retained in the service of Christian IV of Denmark.	Francis Cleyn	Germany
country of citizenship	Richard J. Lewis is a television and film director born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Richard J. Lewis	Canada
country of citizenship	Stanisław Krajewski (born 1950) is a Polish Jewish philosopher, mathematician and writer, activist of the Jewish minority in Poland.	Stanisław Krajewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Rachmat Nadi Witoelar Kartaadipoetra or Rachmat Witoelar (born June 2, 1941 in Tasikmalaya, West Java) was the State Minister of Environment of Indonesia in 2004-2009.	Rachmat Witoelar	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Vice-Admiral Muftau Adegoke Babatunde Elegbede (c. 1939 -- 19 June 1994) or Tunde Elegbede was Chief of Nigeria's Defence Intelligence Agency from July 1986 to January 1990 and Military Governor of Cross River State, Nigeria between July 1975 and October 1978.	Babatunde Elegbede	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Stefan Jansen (born July 4, 1972 in Veghel, Noord-Brabant) is a former football striker from the Netherlands, who started his professional career in the 1990-1991 season for Roda JC.	Stefan Jansen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Maria de Medeiros was born in Lisbon, Portugal, the daughter of musician and composer António Victorino de Almeida.	Maria de Medeiros	Portugal
country of citizenship	Richard Orjis (born 1979) is an artist based in Auckland, New Zealand.	Richard Orjis	New Zealand
country of citizenship	T. Shankaranaryanan Nandakumar (T. S. Nandakumar) was born on 17 March 1958 in Ambalappuzha, Kerala, India.	T. S. Nandakumar	India
country of citizenship	Cavayé Yéguié Djibril (born c. 1940) is a Cameroonian politician who has been the President of the National Assembly of Cameroon since 1992.	Cavayé Yéguié Djibril	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Mani Ram Bagri (1 January 1920 -- 31 January 2012) (चौधरी मनी राम बागड़ी) was a politician from India.	Mani Ram Bagri	India
country of citizenship	Agathangjel Mbrica was born in Berat, a city in southern Albania in 1883.	Agathangjel Mbrica	Albania
country of citizenship	Tim Boys (b. 19 February 1984 in Oamaru, New Zealand) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player that plays provincial rugby for Southland, and is in the Super Rugby team the Highlanders.	Tim Boys	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lóránt Oláh (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈloːraːnt ˈolaː); born 23 November 1979 in Senta) is an Ethnic Hungarian football striker from Serbia.	Lóránt Oláh	Serbia
country of citizenship	William MacCormac was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, the son of Dr Henry MacCormac, a notable Northern Irish physician, and his wife Mary MacCormac (née Newsam), the daughter of a prominent Anglo-Irish family.	William MacCormac	Northern Ireland
country of citizenship	Aditya Puri is the Managing Director of HDFC Bank, India's second largest(after ICICI) private sector bank.	Aditya Puri	India
country of citizenship	Nashenas (Pashto/Dari: ناشناس), born as Sadiq Fitrat Habibi, (Pashto/Persian: صادق فطرت) is one of the oldest surviving musicians from Afghanistan.	Nashenas	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Charalambos Katsimitros (Greek: Χαράλαμπος Κατσιμήτρος; 1886--1962) was a Greek general who distinguished himself during the Italian invasion of Greece.	Charalambos Katsimitros	Greece
country of citizenship	Born in Midelt, Morocco, Khalid Skah established himself first as a good cross country runner by winning the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 1990 and 1991.	Khalid Skah	Morocco
country of citizenship	Hazrat Shaikh Hafiz-e-Hadis Moulana Muhammad Abdullah Darkhawasti (1887--1994) ) was an eminent Deobandi Islamic scholar of Pakistan.	Abdullah Darkhawasti	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Roberto Valera Chamizo (b. Havana, 1938) is a Cuban composer and pedagogue that has a made a substantial contribution to the development of music in Cuba.	Roberto Valera	Cuba
country of citizenship	Jean Nicolaï (1594 at Mouzay in the Diocese of Verdun, France -- 7 May 1673 at Paris) was a French Dominican theologian and controversialist.	Jean Nicolaï	France
country of citizenship	Saturnino Calderón de la Barca y Collantes (1799 - 1864) was a Spanish noble and politician who served as Minister of State from 1858 to 1863, during the reign of Queen Isabella II of Spain and in a cabinet headed by Leopoldo O'Donnell, 1st Duke of Tetuan.	Saturnino Calderón de la Barca y Collantes	Spain
country of citizenship	After being expelled from Egypt by Gamal Abdul Nasser for his activities, Said Ramadan moved to Saudi Arabia where he was one of the original members of the constituent council of the Muslim World League, a charity and missionary group.	Said Ramadan	Egypt
country of citizenship	Kavita Roy (born April 10, 1980 in Hajipur, Bihar) is a former One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Kavita Roy	India
country of citizenship	Manuel Gregorio Tavárez Ropero (November 16, 1843 -- July 1, 1883), was a Puerto Rico's classical and danza composer.	Manuel Gregorio Tavárez	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Tercio Sampaio Ferraz Jr. is a Brazilian jurist and author of several legal philosophy books used in law schools throughout Brazil.	Tercio Sampaio Ferraz Jr.	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mohamed Sid Ali Djouadi (born 13 December, 1951) represented Algeria in the 800 m at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games he finished 5th in his heat and failed to advance.	Mohamed Sid Ali Djouadi	Algeria
country of citizenship	Alfonsas Andriuškevičius (born November 18, 1940 in Vilkaviškis, Lithuania) is a poet and art historian.	Alfonsas Andriuškevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Kiranmoy Nanda began his political activism in the All India Students Federation (the student wing of the Communist Party of India).	Kiranmoy Nanda	India
country of citizenship	Vasily Vasilievich Struve (Russian: Василий Васильевич Струве) (February 2 (O.S. January 21) 1889 in Petersburg, Russian Empire -- September 15, 1965 in Leningrad) was a Soviet orientalist from the Struve family, the founder of the Soviet scientific school of researchers on Ancient Near East history.	Vasily Vasilievich Struve	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Bahadur Singh Bhobia (Hindi: चौधरी बहादुरसिंह भोबिया) (1882--1924) was a social reformer from Rajasthan state in India.	Bahadur Singh Bhobia	India
country of citizenship	Pierre Boquin was probably born after 1518 in Guyenne in Western France.	Pierre Boquin	France
country of citizenship	Garth Erasmus (born July 1956, in Uitenhage, Eastern Cape, South Africa) is a South African artist who works in several media, including painting, Garth's work is represented in several art collections, including the National Museum of African Art and the Smithsonian Institution.	Garth Erasmus	South Africa
country of citizenship	Gilberto Hernández Ortega (1924--1978) was an artist from the Dominican Republic.	Gilberto Hernández Ortega	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Pascal Guyon is an award winning musician, producer, arranger, and songwriter originally from Erbray, France.	Pascal Guyon	France
country of citizenship	Xannon Shirley, better known by the stage name The Tongue, is a musical artist from Sydney, Australia, and is signed to Australian independent label Elefant Traks.	The Tongue	Australia
country of citizenship	Olympiakos have announced the acquisition of Brown Ideye and the West Bromwich Albion side also revealed through a statement posted on their official website that the Nigeria international is heading to Greece.	Brown Ideye	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Isaac Broid Zajman (b. Mexico City, November 20, 1952) is a Mexican architect and designer.	Isaac Broid Zajman	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nagendra Prasad Rijal (April 1927 -- 1994) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from July 16, 1973 to December 1, 1975, and from March 21, 1986 to June 18, 1986.	Nagendra Prasad Rijal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Dariusz Gawin (born February 2, 1964) is a Polish historian and sociologist, deputy director of the Warsaw Uprising Museum (Muzeum Powstania Warszawskiego) dedicated to the memory of the Warsaw Uprising of 1944, and located in the Wola district of Warsaw, Poland.	Dariusz Gawin	Poland
country of citizenship	A contemporary of Skanderbeg, Dukagjini is known for the Kanuni i Lekë Dukagjinit, a code of law instituted among the tribes of northern Albania.	Lekë Dukagjini	Albania
country of citizenship	Hans Henrik Palm (born 19 July 1956 in Kgs. Lyngby, Denmark) is a retired Danish boxer, who became European welterweight champion in 1982.	Hans Henrik Palm	Denmark
country of citizenship	Johann Andreas Stumpff (27 January 1769 -- 2 November 1846), born in Germany, was a maker of pianos and harps in London.	Johann Andreas Stumpff	Germany
country of citizenship	Akezhan Kazhegeldin (Kazakh: Әкежан Мағжанұлы Қажыгелдин, Qazaq: Äkejan Mağjanulı Qajıgeldïn; born on 27 March 1952) served as the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan until he resigned in October 1997, ostensibly for health reasons, though many saw it as an act protesting authoritarianism in Kazakhstan.	Akezhan Kazhegeldin	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Murat Akyüz (born August 13, 1981 in Bakırköy, Turkey) is a Turkish football player who plays for Adana Demirspor as a fullback.	Murat Akyüz	Turkey
country of citizenship	Sue Wootton (born 1961) is a New Zealand writer, specialising in poetry and short fiction.	Sue Wootton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sir Walter Clarke Buchanan (20 June 1838 -- 19 July 1924) was a New Zealand politician who became a member of the Reform Party that formed in 1909.	Walter Clarke Buchanan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Akira Machida (町田 顯 Machida Akira, October 16, 1936 -- April 5, 2015) was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Japan from 2002 to 2006.	Akira Machida	Japan
country of citizenship	Sumit Nijhawan (born 28 December 1978) is an Indian actor residing in Mumbai, India.	Sumit Nijhawan	India
country of citizenship	Nebojša Kaluđerović (born 1955 in Nikšić, Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin politician and diplomat, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs briefly in 2012.	Nebojša Kaluđerović	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Shahid Aziz (Urdu: شاہد عزیز‎), is a Pakistani military author, intelligence writer, and retired three-star ranking general officer of the Pakistan Army.	Shahid Aziz	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Piotr Tomaszewski (born 1974) is a classical guitarist from Poland.	Piotr Tomaszewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Joe Mihevc (born February 24, 1954) is a city councillor in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Joe Mihevc	Canada
country of citizenship	In memory of his father, Jasraj organises a musical festival every year called the Pandit Motiram Pandit Maniram Sangeet Samaroh in Hyderabad, India.	Jasraj	India
country of citizenship	Aluf Gadi Shamni (born 1959) is a general in the Israel Defense Forces and currently Israel's military attaché in the United States.	Gadi Shamni	Israel
country of citizenship	Stefan Németh (born 1973, Baden, Austria) is an electronic musician and biologist.	Stefan Németh	Austria
country of citizenship	Jan Cornelius van Sambeek was born on 23 April 1886 at Veldhoven, Netherlands.	Jan Cornelius van Sambeek	Netherlands
country of citizenship	By the 1990s, Marcos Suzano had become perhaps the most recorded and widely hailed percussionist in Brazil.	Marcos Suzano	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sairi Forsman (born 1964 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal) is a Mexican sculptor of Danish descent.	Sairi Forsman	Mexico
country of citizenship	Gisela Bolaños Scarton (5 April 1935 - 8 November 2013) was a Venezuelan pageant titleholder She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1953, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1953 pageant held in Long Beach, California, USA, on July 17, 1953.	Gisela Bolaños	Venezuela
country of citizenship	He is the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Sole Owner of the Jim Pattison Group, the second largest privately held company in Canada, making him Canada's 4th richest person.	Jim Pattison	Canada
country of citizenship	Francesca Chiara Casellati (born March 25, 1972 in Padua, Italy) is the singer and songwriter of the Italian band The LoveCrave.	Francesca Chiara	Italy
country of citizenship	Anna-Karin Kammerling (born 19 October 1980) is a world-record breaking Swedish swimmer, who was born in Malmö, Sweden.	Anna-Karin Kammerling	Sweden
country of citizenship	Neophytos Kyriacou (born July 18, 1995 in San Mateo, Rizal, Philippines), better known by his stage name Phytos Ramirez, is a Filipino-Greek actor, TV commercial and model.	Phytos Ramirez	Philippines
country of citizenship	Giorgi Saakadze the Grand Mouravi (Georgian: გიორგი სააკაძე) (c. 1570 -- October 3, 1629) was a Georgian politician and military commander who played an important but contradictory role in the politics of the early 17th-century Georgia.	Giorgi Saakadze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Born in Äänekoski , Uolevi Manninen was involved in Finland's most successful basketball team, which participated in the Tokyo Olympics in 1964 and finished in 11th place, and Finland finished sixth place in the European Championships held in 1967.	Uolevi Manninen	Finland
country of citizenship	Teo Bee Yen (born 1950 in Fujian, China) is a photographer from Singapore.	Teo Bee Yen	Singapore
country of citizenship	After arriving in southern Vietnam, Đào Duy Từ attempted to meet Lord Nguyễn Phúc Nguyên but failed.	Đào Duy Từ	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Ragnvald Indrebø was born on 22 November 1891 in Os, a small municipality, just south of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Ragnvald Indrebø	Norway
country of citizenship	Ahmed Al-Hatmi (born September, 27th in Rustaq, Oman) is an Omani Double trap shooter.	Ahmed Al-Hatmi	Oman
country of citizenship	Raffaella Modugno is an Italian model who was crowned Miss Curve d'Italia Lazio 2011 (``Miss Curvy Italy 2011'').	Raffaella Modugno	Italy
country of citizenship	Stephen Anthony Ukpo (born 16 July 1947) was Minister of Information and Culture, and then Governor of Rivers State, Nigeria from August 1986 until July 1988 during the military administration of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Anthony Ukpo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	During his early years, Lisbon-born Dady played professionally with modest clubs in the Portuguese lower leagues, after unsuccessful stints with Boavista F.C. and Sporting Clube de Portugal.	Dady	Portugal
country of citizenship	Birchville Cat Motel is a one-man experimental music project formed by Campbell Kneale from Wellington, New Zealand.	Birchville Cat Motel	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rozelle Scheepers (born 27 September 1974) is an international cricketer who made one One Day International appearance for South Africa national women's cricket team in 2000.	Rozelle Scheepers	South Africa
country of citizenship	Micheline Coulombe Saint-Marcoux (9 August 1938 -- 2 February 1985) was a Canadian composer and music educator who played an important role in the contemporary classical music scene of Canada and France from the late 1960s through the mid-1980s.	Micheline Coulombe Saint-Marcoux	Canada
country of citizenship	Blessed Giuseppe Girotti, O.P. (19 July 1905 - 1 April 1945), was born in Alba, Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy.	Giuseppe Girotti	Italy
country of citizenship	Miron Babiak, (January 31, 1932 in Sanok, Poland -- September 25, 2013 in Gdynia, Poland), was a Polish sea captain, who is best known for commanding Prof. Siedlecki Antarctica research ship.	Miron Babiak	Poland
country of citizenship	César Canchila is a boxer from Colombia who fights in the light flyweight division, where he is a former WBO Latino and WBA Fedelatin champion.	César Canchila	Colombia
country of citizenship	Chris Pither (born 3 December 1986 in Palmerston North) is a New Zealand racing driver.	Chris Pither	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ataullah Guerra (born 14 November 1987) is a Trinidad & Tobago international footballer who is currently playing for Central FC in Trinidad and Tobago.	Ataullah Guerra	Trinidad & Tobago	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Affonso Giaffone (born April 6, 1968, Santos, Brazil), is a former driver in the Indy Racing League.	Affonso Giaffone	Brazil
country of citizenship	Dan Păltinișanu (23 March 1951 -- 4 March 1995) was a football player, born in Bucharest, Romania, who played for ten years in the Politehnica squad.	Dan Păltinișanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Vésteinn Hafsteinsson (born 12 December 1960 in Selfoss) is a retired discus thrower from Iceland, who represented his native country at four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984.	Vésteinn Hafsteinsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Luis Alberto Monge Álvarez (born 29 December 1925) was the President of Costa Rica from 1982 to 1986.	Luis Alberto Monge	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Michael Bleekemolen (born 2 October 1949 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands) is a former racing driver who raced for the RAM and ATS teams in Formula One.	Michael Bleekemolen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Beñat Achiary (born in Saint-Palais, Pyrénées-Atlantiques) is a Basque vocal improviser who lives in southern France.	Beñat Achiary	France
country of citizenship	Donat Kurti was born in Shkodër, Albania ( back then Ottoman Empire).	Donat Kurti	Albania
country of citizenship	Vicente Soriano Serra (born 1953 in Puçol, Valencian Community, Spain) is a Valencian businessman who became the president and majority shareholder of Valencia CF in 2008, after reaching an agreement with Juan Bautista Soler to take over the presidency of the club and purchase Soler's shares to the value of 70.7 million euros.	Vicente Soriano	Spain
country of citizenship	Koppány, also known as Cupan, was the Duke of Somogy in Hungary in the late 10th century.	Koppány	Hungary
country of citizenship	According to the Institute of Legal Medicine of Colombia, the test verified that he is in fact the son of Clara Rojas.	Clara Rojas	Colombia
country of citizenship	Jeannine Compton-Antoine is the daughter of John Compton, former Prime Minister of Saint Lucia.	Jeannine Compton-Antoine	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	Balla Tounkara is a Kora player and singer from Mali.	Balla Tounkara	Mali
country of citizenship	Franz Magnis-Suseno (born in Silesia in 1936) is a Jesuit priest of Indonesia.	Franz Magnis-Suseno	Indonesia
country of citizenship	``Sweet Baby'' James Meston (born 1975) is an Adelaide, Australia-based Blues guitarist who was named as Official Ambassador of the 2007 Australian Blues Festival.	James Meston	Australia
country of citizenship	Alexandre Herchcovitch (Portuguese pronunciation: (aleˌʃɐ̃dɾi heʁʃkoˈvitʃ), born on 21 July 1971, in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian fashion designer.	Alexandre Herchcovitch	Brazil
country of citizenship	Amaechi Moshe is a Director in Platform Petroleum Limited, an Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Company wholly owned by Nigerians; operator of the Egbaoma field (formerly Asuokpu/Umutu) located in Delta state, Nigeria.	Amaechi Moshe	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Abdullah Mahmoud al-Khalidi was a Syrian Armed Forces major general who has been described as ``one of Syria's foremost experts in aviation''.	Abdullah Mahmoud al-Khalidi	Syria
country of citizenship	Tor Berger Jørgensen (born 27 December 1945 in Oslo, Norway) is the Bishop of the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland in the Church of Norway.	Tor Berger Jørgensen	Norway
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Kramer (January 22, 1898, Frankfurt, Germany-- November 4, 1985, Frankfurt) was an important German architect and functionalist designer.	Ferdinand Kramer	Germany
country of citizenship	Adrienne Kennaway (born 1945, New Zealand) is an illustrator and writer of children's picture books.	Adrienne Kennaway	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Harbeth Fu Wing (Chinese: 符泳; pinyin: Fú Yǒng; Jyutping: fu4 wing6; born March 18, 1980) is a Hong Kong former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Harbeth Fu	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Nawapol Tantraseni (Thai: นวพล ตันตระเสนีย์, born March 9, 1989) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Nawapol Tantraseni	Thailand
country of citizenship	Birinchi Kumar Barua (born October 16, 1908,Puranigudam, Nagaon, Assam, India, died 1964) was a scholar and eminent 20th century littérateur of Assam.	Birinchi Kumar Barua	India
country of citizenship	Rahul Vaidya (Marathi: राहुल वैद्य; born 23 September 1987 in Nagpur, India) is an Indian singer.	Rahul Vaidya	India
country of citizenship	Georges Friedmann was the founder of the sociology of work after World War II. In 1921, after studying industrial chemistry, he entered a teacher training college on the rue d'Ulm, in Paris, France.	Georges Friedmann	France
country of citizenship	Salvador of Horta, O.F.M., (Spanish: Salvador d'Horta, Italian: Salvatore da Horta) was a Franciscan lay brother from the region of Catalonia in Spain, who was celebrated as a miracle worker during his lifetime.	Salvador of Horta	Spain
country of citizenship	George Courtauld (1761--1823) was the founder of Courtaulds which was to become one the United Kingdom's largest textile businesses.	George Courtauld	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	George Vesey Stewart (1832--1920) was a notable New Zealand farmer, coloniser and local politician.	George Vesey Stewart	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Son of Dave has recorded six albums to date and performed over eight hundred shows across Europe, as well as performing in Canada, the United States, Australia, South Africa, Uganda, Japan, Russia, and Cuba.	Son of Dave	Canada
country of citizenship	In 1587, Arnoult de Lisle was appointed at 31 as the first professor of the chair of Arabic founded for him by Henry III of France at the Collège de France, and received the title of ``lecteur et professeur du Roy en langue Arabique''.	Arnoult de Lisle	France
country of citizenship	Joaquim Tenreiro (1906--1992) was among the leading furniture designers and visual artists in mid-20th century Brazil.	Joaquim Tenreiro	Brazil
country of citizenship	Major General Aviv Kochavi (born 1964) is an Israel Defense Forces officer.	Aviv Kochavi	Israel
country of citizenship	Lennox Kilgour (April 15, 1927 -- 2004) was a weightlifter from Trinidad and Tobago.	Lennox Kilgour	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Josey Wales, born Joseph Winston Sterling in St. Mary, Jamaica is an influential Jamaican dancehall deejay.	Josey Wales	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Francis Awe is an omoba of the Yoruba tribe of Nigeria.	Francis Awe	Nigeria
country of citizenship	John David Baskerville (April 10, 1857 -- January 31, 1926) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada, serving in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1915 to 1920.	John David Baskerville	Canada
country of citizenship	Yoshinobu Takahashi (高橋 由伸, born April 3, 1975) is a Japanese professional baseball player from Chiba, Japan.	Yoshinobu Takahashi	Japan
country of citizenship	Zygmunt Mineyko (Zygmunt Mineiko; Polish: Zygmunt Mineyko; Greek: Ζίγκμουντ Μινέικο; 1840 -- 27 December 1925) was a Polish aristocrat, army officer, scientist and engineer who later became a public figure in Greece.	Zygmunt Mineyko	Greece
country of citizenship	Jacques Renouvin (6 October 1905 -- 24 January 1944) was a royalist militant in France during the Second World War and hero of the French resistance.	Jacques Renouvin	France
country of citizenship	Midhat Mursi al-Sayid Umar, also known as Abu Khabab al-Masri (Arabic:مدحت مرسي السيـد عمر) (29 April 1953, Egypt -- 28 July 2008, Pakistan) was a chemist and alleged top bomb maker for al-Qaeda and part of Osama bin Laden's inner circle.	Midhat Mursi	Egypt
country of citizenship	Carlos Minc Baumfeld (born July 12, 1951 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian geographer, professor, environmentalist, politician and Minister of Environment in Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's second term as president of Brazil.	Carlos Minc	Brazil
country of citizenship	František Douda (Czech pronunciation: (ˈfrancɪʃɛk ˈdou̯da)) (October 23, 1908 -- January 15, 1990) was a Czech shot putter who competed for Czechoslovakia.	František Douda	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Bhawan Das is a Pakistani politician and parliamentarian, afflilated with Pakistan Muslim League (N).	Bhawan Das	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Hans Henrik Andersen (May 1, 1937 in Frederiksberg, Denmark -- November 3, 2012) was a Professor at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen (emeritus since 2004).	Hans Henrik Andersen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Richard Sissons (1819--1893) was a notable New Zealand doctor and Anglican lay reader .	Richard Sissons	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Blessed Maria Pierina De Micheli (1890--1945) was a Roman Catholic religious Sister who was born near Milan in Italy.	Maria Pierina	Italy
country of citizenship	Malcolm McNeill is a jazz singer from New Zealand, based in Christchurch.	Malcolm McNeill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Porfi Medina (born March 22, 1987) is a fashion designer based in Manila, Philippines.	Porfi Medina	Philippines
country of citizenship	Majid Hosseinipour(Persian: مجید حسینی پور‎‎) (born 1967 in Mashhad, Iran) is a retired Iranian football player.	Majid Hosseinipour	Iran
country of citizenship	Roberto Fabbri is a classical guitarist, composer, teacher and writer born in Rome, Italy, in 1964.	Roberto Fabbri	Italy
country of citizenship	Sandjar Ahmadi is an Afghan footballer who currently plays for Hamm United FC and Afghanistan national football team.	Sandjar Ahmadi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Jean Lemaire de Belges (c. 1473 -- c. 1525) was a Walloon poet and historian who lived primarily in France.	Jean Lemaire de Belges	France
country of citizenship	Tauno Frans Mustanoja (1912--1996) was a professor of English Philology and Literature at the University of Helsinki, Finland.	Tauno Frans Mustanoja	Finland
country of citizenship	Ana Free (born 29 June 1987) is the stage name of Ana Gomes Ferreira, a singer, musician, songwriter and performer who has had a series of top-five hit singles, including 4 number one hits, in Portugal.	Ana Free	Portugal
country of citizenship	Osman Güneş (b. 1952, Yozgat, Turkey), is a Turkish bureaucrat.	Osman Güneş	Turkey
country of citizenship	Sir Robert Wigram, 1st Baronet (30 January 1744 -- 6 November 1830) was a British merchant shipbuilder and Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons of Great Britain and of the United Kingdom between 1802 and 1807.	Sir Robert Wigram, 1st Baronet	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Petra Robnik (born 16 October 1984 in Blejska Dobrava, Jesenice, SR Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian alpine skier.	Petra Robnik	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Abba Musa Rimi (born 1940) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Deputy Governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria in October 1979 during the Nigerian Second Republic, becoming acting Governor when the Governor Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa was impeached on 23 June 1981.	Abba Musa Rimi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ritt Bjerregaard was the European Commissioner for Environment, Nuclear Safety and Civil Protection in the Santer Commission from 1995 to 1999, representing Denmark.	Ritt Bjerregaard	Denmark
country of citizenship	Tim Kash is a television presenter best known for formerly presenting Top of the Pops in the United Kingdom, and MTV News on MTV UK and Ireland.	Tim Kash	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Horacio Serpa Uribe (born 3 January 1943) is a Colombian lawyer, politician and current Senator of Colombia.	Horacio Serpa	Colombia
country of citizenship	Arthur Österwall (Sven Artur Österwall, 6 March 1910, Stockholm, Sweden -- 27 February 1990, Stockholm) was a Swedish band leader, composer, vocalist and musician (double bass).	Arthur Österwall	Sweden
country of citizenship	Harinder Singh Khalsa was born in 1947, in Ludhiana, British India.	Harinder Singh Khalsa	India
country of citizenship	John Van Seters (born Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, 2 May 1935) is a scholar of the Hebrew Bible (Old Testament) and the Ancient Near East.	John Van Seters	Canada
country of citizenship	Wong Kei-ying or Huang Qiying (ca. 1815--1886) was a Chinese martial artist and physician who lived in the Qing dynasty.	Wong Kei-ying	Qing dynasty
country of citizenship	Éric Delétang (born May 2, 1966 in Sidi Bel Abbès, Algeria) is a former French-Algerian professional footballer.	Éric Delétang	Algeria
country of citizenship	Jaran Ditapichai (born in Jangwat Phatthalung, Thailand).	Jaran Ditapichai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Said Belqola (Arabic: سعيد بلقولة‎) (August 30, 1956 -- June 15, 2002) was a Association football referee from Morocco, best known for officiating the 1998 FIFA World Cup final between Brazil and France, being the first African referee to officiate a World Cup final.	Said Belqola	Morocco
country of citizenship	Ricky Martinez (born October 1, 1978 in the Dominican Republic) is a Dominican pornographic film actor, best known to perform autofellatio.	Ricky Martinez	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Aurélie Kamga (born 18 June 1985 in Béziers, France) is a French sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres and 400 metres.	Aurélie Kamga	France
country of citizenship	Levent Çoker (born 1958) is a Turkish musician, arranger, conductor and composer who represented Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest as a composer, arranger and conductor in 1996 and 1997.	Levent Çoker	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jean-Claude Lenoir (born 27 December 1944 in Mortagne-au-Perche) is a contemporary member of the National Assembly of France.	Jean-Claude Lenoir	France
country of citizenship	Frederick Kisch was born to a British-Jewish family in the town of Darjeeling, India on 23 August 1888, where his father Michael was head of the Indian Postal Service.	Frederick Kisch	India
country of citizenship	Estêvão Lopes Morago (Spanish: Esteban Lopez Morago) (Vallecas, Spain, ca. 1575 -- Viseu, Portugal, after 1630) was a Spanish-born composer who studied, lived, worked and died in Portugal.	Estêvão Lopes Morago	Portugal
country of citizenship	Private First Class Ramón Núñez-Juárez (May 25, 1931 -- August 9, 1952) was a United States Marine who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross, second highest military award of the United States of America after the Medal of Honor.	Ramón Núñez-Juárez	United States of America
country of citizenship	Ingemar Backman (born 1 April 1976 in Gällivare, Sweden) is a professional snowboarder famous for setting the world record highest air out of a quarter-pipe (8.5 metres) in Riksgränsen, Sweden in 1996.	Ingemar Backman	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ferdinando Provesi (1770 -- 1833) was a native of Parma, Italy.	Ferdinando Provesi	Italy
country of citizenship	Franjo Gregurić (pronounced (frǎːɲo grěgurit͡ɕ); born 12 October 1939) is a Croatian politician who served as prime minister of Croatia from July 1991 to September 1992.	Franjo Gregurić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Porcelain Raft or Mauro Remiddi (born 1972 in Rome, Italy) is a composer/song writer/musician.	Mauro Remiddi	Italy
country of citizenship	Saori Sarina Ohno (born 1970 in Tokyo, Japan) is pianist, who was raised in Germany.	Saori Sarina Ohno	Germany
country of citizenship	Khaled al-Khani (born 17 February 1975, in Hama, Syria) is a Syrian painter, currently living in Paris.	Khaled al-Khani	Syria
country of citizenship	Luis Román Rolón (born July 13, 1968 in Vega Baja) is a retired boxer from Puerto Rico, who competed in the bantamweight (-- 54 kg) division.	Luis Román Rolón	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Mohamed Abdelwahab Abdelfattah (Arabic: محمد عبدالوهاب عبدالفتاح‎; b. Giza, Egypt, 1962) is an Egyptian composer of contemporary classical music and educator.	Mohamed Abdelwahab Abdelfattah	Egypt
country of citizenship	Rayén Araya (Santiago de Chile, July 2, 1981) is a Chilean television and radio journalist.	Rayén Araya	Chile
country of citizenship	Radhakamal Mukerjee (1889--1968), a leading thinker and social scientist of modern India, was Professor of Economics and Sociology and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lucknow.	Radhakamal Mukerjee	India
country of citizenship	Oba Adesimbo Victor Kiladejo Adenrele Ademefun Kiladejo, or Jilo III, was appointed the 44th Osemawe, or traditional ruler of the Ondo Kingdom in Nigeria on 1 December 2006.	Adesimbo Victor Kiladejo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mel Rosenberg (born Melvyn Rosenberg, 12 November 1951 in Winnipeg, Canada) is a microbiologist best known for his research on the diagnosis and treatment of bad breath (halitosis).	Mel Rosenberg	Canada
country of citizenship	Hazim al-Shaalan al-Khuzaei (born 1947) was Iraq's Defence Minister from June 2004 until May 2005 under the Iraqi Interim Government of Ayad Allawi.	Hazim al-Shaalan	Iraq
country of citizenship	Pat Hannan was the last of six New Zealand oarsman who attempted to win the World Sculling Championship (Professional) title.	Pat Hannan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Philipp Reinhard Vitriarius (February 17, 1647 -- July 30, 1720) was a jurist from Germany.	Philipp Reinhard Vitriarius	Germany
country of citizenship	Ximena Abarca (born September 24, 1981, in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean pop singer and actress.	Ximena Abarca	Chile
country of citizenship	Yann Tiersen was born in Brest in the Finistère département in Brittany in northwestern France, in 1970, into a French family of Belgian and Norwegian origins.	Yann Tiersen	France
country of citizenship	Rubén Dundo (born in San Isidro (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina and Chile.	Rubén Dundo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Tom Cullberg is an artist born in Stockholm, Sweden in 1972.	Tom Cullberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Federico Richter Fernandez-Prada was born in Huanta, Peru, ordained a priest on July 14, 1946 from the religious order of the Order of Friars Minor.	Federico Richter Fernandez-Prada	Peru
country of citizenship	Dorval Rodrigues (born February 26, 1935 in Porto Alegre, Brazil) is a former Brazilian international footballer who played for clubs of Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela.	Dorval Rodrigues	Brazil
country of citizenship	José García de León y Pizarro, born in Santa Cruz de Marquis, Nueva Granada, Ecuador, (1770 -- 1835) was Minister of State (First Secretary of State) of Spain from October 30, 1816 to September 14, 1818.	José García de León y Pizarro	Spain
country of citizenship	According to The Cambridge History of Iran, Baba Tahir spoke a certain Persian dialect.	Baba Tahir	Iran
country of citizenship	Julio Ricardo Fierro (born February 12, 1990) is a compound archer from Mexico.	Julio Ricardo Fierro	Mexico
country of citizenship	John Gordon Leggat (27 May 1926 -- 9 March 1973) played nine Tests for New Zealand in the 1950s as an opening batsman.	Gordon Leggat	New Zealand
country of citizenship	During his career, Steve Tambellini represented Canada on three separate occasions:	Steve Tambellini	Canada
country of citizenship	On 12 September 2012 Vladan Binić played with Serbia B, scoring once on his debut for the team on the 2-2 draw.	Vladan Binić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Laxman Aelay was born in Kadirenigudem in Nalgonda district, India to Chandraiah.	Laxman Aelay	India
country of citizenship	She achieved success in Sweden after the release of her debut album Agnetha Fältskog in 1968, and reached international stardom as a member of the pop group ABBA, which has sold over 380 million albums and singles worldwide, making them one of the best-selling music artists in history.	Agnetha Fältskog	Sweden
country of citizenship	Krešimir Čač (born January 12, 1976 in Zagreb) is a butterfly and medley swimmer from Croatia, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996.	Krešimir Čač	Croatia
country of citizenship	Kaung Sithu (Burmese: ကောင်းစည်သူ; born 22 January 1993) is a footballer from Burma, and a striker for the Myanmar national football team and Myanmar U-22 football team.	Kaung Sithu	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Aben Humeya (1520--1569), also known as Muhammad ibn Umayyah, was a Spanish leader who commanded the Morisco Revolt against Philip II of Spain in the Alpujarras region, near Granada.	Aben Humeya	Spain
country of citizenship	Carl Mooers (born September 29, 1929) was a businessman and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	Carl Mooers	Canada
country of citizenship	Rafał Buszek (born 28 April 1987) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team and Polish club ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle, 2014 World Champion, Polish Champion (2013, 2015).	Rafał Buszek	Poland
country of citizenship	Klara Lidén (born 1979, Stockholm, Sweden) is a contemporary artist.	Klara Lidén	Sweden
country of citizenship	Peter Ström (born January 14, 1975, in Snöstorp, Sweden) is a professional Swedish ice hockey right winger.	Peter Ström	Sweden
country of citizenship	On April 26, 1864, Edward Kenny, with seven partners (J.W. Merkell, T.C. Kinnear, James B. Duffus, William Cunard, John Tobin, G.P. Merkell and Jeremiah Nothup) opened the Merchant's Bank in Halifax (later the Royal Bank of Canada).	Edward Kenny	Canada
country of citizenship	Mami Higashiyama (東山麻美 Higashiyama Mami, born June 11, 1977 in Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese actress and singer, best known for her role as Miku Imamura/Mega Pink in the 1997 Super Sentai series Denji Sentai Megaranger.	Mami Higashiyama	Japan
country of citizenship	Suh Sung-in (Hangul: 서성인; born July 18, 1959 in Seoul, South Korea) is a former boxer from South Korea.	Suh Sung-in	South Korea
country of citizenship	Ton Scherpenzeel (Hilversum, Netherlands 6 August 1952) is a keyboardist and a founding member of the Dutch rock band Kayak, together with Pim Koopman and Max Werner whom he met whilst at the Hilversum Muziek Lyceum (Hilversum College of Music).	Ton Scherpenzeel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	In 1940, with the invasion of France by German forces, Balthus fled with his wife Antoinette to Savoy to a farm in Champrovent near Aix-les-Bains, where he began work on two major paintings:	Balthus	France
country of citizenship	Ryta Turava (Belarusian Рыта Турава; Russian Rita Turova, Рита Турова, born 28 December 1980) is an athlete from Belarus, competing in race walking.	Ryta Turava	Belarus
country of citizenship	As a student, Marie-Christine Vergiat becomes a militant activist within the UNEF, especially during the strikes of 1976 against the reforms in France's higher education system, and again in 1980 against the reforms of Alice Saunier-Seité.	Marie-Christine Vergiat	France
country of citizenship	Iván Roberto Duque Gaviria aka Ernesto Báez (born May 9, 1955 in Aguadas, Caldas) is a Colombian paramilitary leader former member of the demobilized United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC).	Ernesto Báez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Nihat Özdemir (born 5 April 1950 in Diyarbakır, Turkey) is currently a board member of the Turkish Süper Lig football club giant Fenerbahçe SK.	Nihat Özdemir	Turkey
country of citizenship	Francisco Venegas (c. 1525 - 1594), was a Spanish painter active in Portugal in the last quarter of the sixteenth century.	Francisco Venegas	Portugal
country of citizenship	Borys Hrinchenko was born on December 9, 1863 in the khutir of Vilkhovy Yar, in the Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire (today: Sumy Oblast, Ukraine).	Borys Hrinchenko	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Mohitlal Majumdar (Bengali: মোহিতলাল মজুমদার) (October 26, 1888 -- July 26, 1952), a renowned Bengali author, was born at Kanchrapara village in Nadia district, India.	Mohitlal Majumdar	India
country of citizenship	Reda Doumaz (born in 1956 in Algiers) is an important figure of the chaâbi music in Algeria, known for his interpretation of hizia and moulet el ain elzarqa (en-tr:the blue eyed lady).	Reda Doumaz	Algeria
country of citizenship	Jean-Marc Prouveur (born 17 December 1956, St. Quentin, France) is a French artist and filmmaker.	Jean-Marc Prouveur	France
country of citizenship	Born and raised in Val de Marne, near Paris, France, Philippe Di Folco studied Economics and Literature at School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences (Paris).	Philippe Di Folco	France
country of citizenship	Navy Commodore Anthony E. Oguguo was appointed military governor of Imo State in Nigeria from 1990 to 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Anthony E. Oguguo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Anghel Mora (the pen name of Mihai Diaconescu) was a film director, script writer, actor, poet, PR agency director, and folk musician from Romania.	Anghel Mora	Romania
country of citizenship	Kepa Hamuera Anaha Ehau (5 November 1885 -- 10 February 1970) was a New Zealand tribal leader, law clerk, interpreter, soldier, historian, orator.	Kepa Hamuera Anaha Ehau	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lloyd Arntzen (born September 19, 1927) is a jazz clarinetist, folk singer, and soprano saxophonist from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Lloyd Arntzen	Canada
country of citizenship	Mir Ranjan Negi is a field hockey player and former goalkeeper of the India national field hockey team.	Mir Ranjan Negi	India
country of citizenship	Eugénie de Montijo, as she became known in France, was formally educated mostly in Paris, beginning at the fashionable, traditionalist Convent of the Sacré Cœur from 1835 to 1836.	Eugénie de Montijo	France
country of citizenship	Pierre Droulers (born 5 July 1951 in La Madeleine, France) is a French and Belgian choreographer and dancer.	Pierre Droulers	France
country of citizenship	Bryan Okwara (born Ikenna Bryan Okwara; 9 November 1985) is a Nigerian actor and pageant contestant who won the title of Mr. Nigeria in 2007 and reached the semi-finals in the Mister World 2007 competition.	Bryan Okwara	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Romeo Tanghal was born and raised in the Philippines.	Romeo Tanghal	Philippines
country of citizenship	Born in east Kurdistan, Garmiani moved to Sweden at the age of 6 as a result of the Iran-Iraq war.	Garmiani	Sweden
country of citizenship	Gustavo Saba born July 24, 1979, is a rally driver from Paraguay who currently competes in the Codasur South American Rally Championship as well as the Argentine round of the World Rally Championship.	Gustavo Saba	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Jón Leifs was born Jón Þorleifsson, at the farm Sólheimar, then in the Austur-Húnavatnssýsla, northwestern Iceland.	Jón Leifs	Iceland
country of citizenship	In 1995 Kaspar Villiger apologized on occasion of an official visit by Dan Culler who was an internee in the Wauwilermoos internment camp during World War II. Dwight Mears, a U.S. Army officer, covered the apology in his 2012 PhD thesis on the American internees in Switzerland.	Kaspar Villiger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Yalavarthi Naveen Babu (29 May 1964 - 18 February 2000), or simply Naveen, was a Naxalite leader in India.	Yalavarthi Naveen Babu	India
country of citizenship	Nasser Menassel (born January 6, 1983, La Tronche, France) is a French footballer of Algerian origin, who currently plays for the Cypriot side Enosis Neon Parekklisias.	Nasser Menassel	France
country of citizenship	Hugh Northcote (1 November 1868 - 12 August 1933) was an Anglican clergyman in New Zealand and writer on sex.	Hugh Northcote	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Adriana Nieto (born Adriana Nieto Villanueva on March 13, 1978 in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a semi-retired Mexican actress.	Adriana Nieto	Mexico
country of citizenship	Pandit Hiralal Shastri (24 November 1899 -- 28 December 1974) was an Indian politician and the first chief minister of Rajasthan state in northern India.	Hiralal Shastri	India
country of citizenship	Feyyaz Berker (born October 7, 1925) is a Turkish businessman, born in Mersin, Turkey.	Feyyaz Berker	Turkey
country of citizenship	Patrick Stanley Vaughan Heenan (29 July 1910 -- 13 February 1942) was a captain in the British Indian Army who was convicted of treason, after spying for Japan during the Malayan campaign of World War II. Heenan was reportedly killed by his wardens while in custody during the Battle of Singapore.	Patrick Stanley Vaughan Heenan	Japan
country of citizenship	Ali Rida Pasha al-Rikabi (1868 -- 25 May 1943), was the First Prime Minister in modern Syria, also Prime Minister of Jordan.	Rida Pasha al-Rikabi	Syria
country of citizenship	Bernardino of Fossa (b. at Fossa, in the Diocese of Aquila, Italy, in 1420; d. at Aquila, 27 November 1503) was an Italian Franciscan historian and ascetical writer.	Bernardino of Fossa	Italy
country of citizenship	Mārtiņš Zībarts (born February 15, 1974 in Riga) is a Latvian basketball coach, currently head coach of Latvia women's national basketball team.	Mārtiņš Zībarts	Latvia
country of citizenship	Divaldo Pereira Franco (born May 5, 1927 in Feira de Santana, Brazil) is a prominent Spiritist speaker and medium.	Divaldo Pereira Franco	Brazil
country of citizenship	Pampha Bhusal (Nepali: पम्फा भुसाल) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Pampha Bhusal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Rulfo Aparicio (born January 24, 1964 in Mexico City) is a Mexican screenwriter and director son of author Juan Rulfo.	Juan Carlos Rulfo	Mexico
country of citizenship	In 2000, Riki Guy won first prize in the Vera Rozsa Vocal Competition, and later that year she won first prize in the ``Lions'' Vocal Competition, both in Israel.	Riki Guy	Israel
country of citizenship	Mousa Ghaninejad (born 1951 in Tabriz, Iran) is a senior Iranian economist.	Mousa Ghaninejad	Iran
country of citizenship	Born in Cebu City, Philippines, Ingrid Sala Santamaria received her Bachelor of Music degree from the Battig Piano School in Cebu under her mother, Pilar Blanco Sala.	Ingrid Sala Santamaria	Philippines
country of citizenship	Danny Miranda Agramonte (born November 12, 1978 in Morón, Cuba) is a first baseman for Ciego de Ávila of the Cuban National Series.	Danny Miranda	Cuba
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Lomonaco (born 1969) is Music Director and Conductor of the Yucatan Symphony Orchestra, in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico.	Juan Carlos Lomonaco	Mexico
country of citizenship	John James Kinley (October 15, 1881 -- August 23, 1971) was an industrialist, pharmaceutical chemist, journalist, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	John James Kinley	Canada
country of citizenship	Samuel Duncan Parnell (19 February 1810 -- 17 December 1890) was an early New Zealand settler often credited with the establishment of the eight-hour day in New Zealand.	Samuel Duncan Parnell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Frederick Buscombe (September 2, 1862 -- July 21, 1938), was the 11th Mayor of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Frederick Buscombe	Canada
country of citizenship	Ramiro Villapadierna (Madrid, Spain, 1964) is a reporter and observer working on Centreuropean affaires and culture, and a former war correspondent.	Ramiro Villapadierna	Spain
country of citizenship	Juan Alejandro Abaurre (born September 11, 1972 in Mendoza, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs in Argentina and Chile.	Juan Alejandro Abaurre	Argentina
country of citizenship	Robert Jacob Gordon was the son of Maj. General Jacob Gordon of the Scots Brigade (1572--1782) in the service of the Netherlands.	Robert Jacob Gordon	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Coşkun Sabah (16 October 1952, Diyarbakır, Turkey) is a Turkish musician.	Coşkun Sabah	Turkey
country of citizenship	In October, 2011, Karl Schroeder was awarded a Master of Design degree in Strategic Foresight and Innovation from OCAD University in Toronto, Canada.	Karl Schroeder	Canada
country of citizenship	Leverett George DeVeber (sometimes spelled De Veber) (February 10, 1849 -- July 9, 1925) was a Canadian politician who served as Member of the Legislative Assemblies of Alberta and the North-West Territories, minister in the government of Alberta, and member of the Senate of Canada.	Leverett George DeVeber	Canada
country of citizenship	Maroto was born in the town of Lorca in the Region of Murcia, Spain, to Margarita Isern, a native of Barcelona, and Rafael Maroto, a native of Zamora.	Rafael Maroto	Spain
country of citizenship	Hugh McGillivray (ca 1875 -- February 10, 1959) was a politician in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Hugh McGillivray	Canada
country of citizenship	Mahmut Demir (21 January 1970 in Amasya, Turkey), is a former Turkish Olympic medalist, World and European champion sports wrestler in the Super heavyweight class (>100 kg).	Mahmut Demir	Turkey
country of citizenship	John Bell Condliffe (23 December 1891 -- 1981) was a New Zealand economist, university professor and economic consultant.	John Bell Condliffe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	General Ayinla Kollington is a musician from Ilota, a village on the outskirt of Ilorin, Kwara State, Nigeria.	Ayinla Kollington	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Tomasz Wylenzek (Polish: Tomasz Wylenżek) (born January 9, 1983 in Nowe Chechło, Silesia, Poland) is a German sprint canoer who has competed since the early 2000s.	Tomasz Wylenzek	Poland
country of citizenship	Bartolommeo Genga (1518--1558) was an Italian architect who was born in Cesena, Italy.	Bartolommeo Genga	Italy
country of citizenship	Constanzo Beschi, also known under his Tamil name of Vīramāmunivar (Tamil: வீரமாமுனிவர்) or Constantine Joseph Beschi (in English) (8 November 1680 -- 1742) was an Italian Jesuit priest, Missionary in South India, and renowned poet in the Tamil language.	Constanzo Beschi	India
country of citizenship	Nen Sothearoth played for Cambodia's under 21 team at the 2012 Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy, making his debut in a 2-1 losses to Vietnam.	Nen Sothearoth	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Juan Jose Landaeta (born 1978-10-07) is a professional boxer from Venezuela.	Juan Jose Landaeta	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Michael Loebenstein (born 26 August 1974 in Vienna, Austria) is the CEO of the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia and is currently serving his second term as Secretary General of FIAF, the International Federation of Film Archives.	Michael Loebenstein	Austria
country of citizenship	Francisco José de Caldas (4 October 1768 -- 28 October 1816) was a Colombian lawyer, naturalist, and geographer who was executed by orders of Pablo Morillo during the Reconquista for being a precursor of the Independence of New Granada (modern day Colombia).	Francisco José de Caldas	Colombia
country of citizenship	José María Pinilla Fábrega (November 28, 1919 -- August 10, 1979) was Chairman of the Provisional Junta of Panama from October 12, 1968 to December 18, 1969.	José María Pinilla Fábrega	Panama
country of citizenship	't Hof van Commerce is a Belgian hip hop crew from Izegem in the province West Flanders in Flanders, the Dutch-speaking part of Belgium.	't Hof van Commerce	Belgium
country of citizenship	John McDonald Mowat (February 17, 1872 -- October 7, 1916) was a lawyer and politician in Ontario, Canada.	John McDonald Mowat	Canada
country of citizenship	Seyyal Taner (born September 28, 1952, in Şanlıurfa, Turkey) is a Turkish singer and actress.	Seyyal Taner	Turkey
country of citizenship	Nicomedes Guzmán (June 25, 1914 in Santiago, Chile -- June 26, 1964, also in Santiago), was a Chilean writer, editor, poet, and novelist.	Nicomedes Guzmán	Chile
country of citizenship	Filippo Tamagnini (born 30 January 1972) is a Sammarinese politician who was a Captain Regent (head of government for San Marino) for the April to October 2011 political term.	Filippo Tamagnini	San Marino
country of citizenship	María Luisa Landín Rodríguez was born on 9 October 1921 in the Tepito neighborhood of Mexico City, Mexico to Magdalena Rodríguez, a singer, and Irineo Landín, a guitarist.	María Luisa Landín	Mexico
country of citizenship	Khosrow Bagheri Noaparast (in Persian: خسرو باقری نوع پرست) is an Iranian philosopher, educational theorist and the president of Philosophy of Education society of Iran (PESI).	Khosrow Bagheri	Iran
country of citizenship	Rika Noguchi (野口里佳 Noguchi Rika, born 1971 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese photographic artist who lives and works in Berlin.	Rika Noguchi	Japan
country of citizenship	Deyan Vatchkov (Bulgarian: Деян Вачков), born April 8, 1979, in Sofia, Bulgaria is a Bulgarian Opera Singer Bass.	Deyan Vatchkov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Johan Voltmar (born c. 1685) was a German musician and composer, who lived in Copenhagen, Denmark from c. 1711, together with his family.	Johan Voltmar	Denmark
country of citizenship	Rodica Mateescu (born Rodica Petrescu on March 13, 1971 in Bucharest) is a former triple jumper from Romania.	Rodica Mateescu	Romania
country of citizenship	A main street in Hanoi and many places in Vietnam are named in honour of Trần Nhật Duật.	Trần Nhật Duật	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Kwon Yeo-sun was born in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province of South Korea in 1965.	Kwon Yeo-sun	South Korea
country of citizenship	Kinga Choszcz, better known as Kinga Freespirit (10 April 1973, Gdańsk, Poland - 9 June 2006, Ghana), was a well-known Polish traveler and travel writer.	Kinga Choszcz	Poland
country of citizenship	Nripen Chakraborty was involved in the Communist movement in India for six decades.	Nripen Chakraborty	India
country of citizenship	Alejandro Rangel Hidalgo (1923-2000) was a Mexican artist, graphic designer and artisan best known for his series of Christmas cards produced for UNICEF in the 1960s, as well as known in Mexico for his furniture designs and promotion of traditional handcrafts.	Alejandro Rangel Hidalgo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Born in Paris, France in 1954, David Bret was adopted by an English couple and raised in Wath-on-Dearne, South Yorkshire.	David Bret	France
country of citizenship	Milagros Germán Olalla (born 29 December 1958) is a Dominican TV presenter and producer, theatre actress, and the winner of the Miss Dominican Republic 1980 beauty pageant.	Milagros Germán	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Barış Dilaver (born in Istanbul, Turkey in 1975) is a Turkish ballet dancer.	Barış Dilaver	Turkey
country of citizenship	Saxil Tuxen (1885--1975) was an influential surveyor and town planner in Melbourne, Australia, during the interwar periods.	Saxil Tuxen	Australia
country of citizenship	Pierre Yovanovitch born on August 17, 1965 in Nice, France is a French interior designer.	Pierre Yovanovitch	France
country of citizenship	Besides, reiterating her engagement towards the youth, Moona participates in 2009 in the project ``Answers Solutions Knowledge'', a campaign of awareness against the HIV/AIDS initiated by AIESEC Senegal in collaboration with UNESCO-BREDA and for which she becomes a trainer.	Moona	Senegal
country of citizenship	Purushottam Shivaram Rege (Devanagari: पुरुषोत्तम शिवराम रेगे) (1910--1978) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Purushottam Shivaram Rege	India
country of citizenship	Dương Văn An (1514-?) (courtesy name: Tỉnh Phú, 楊文安) was a minister in the cabinet of Mạc Dynasty, in history of Vietnam.	Dương Văn An	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Sténio received his first call-up to the Cape Verde squad in May 2012, for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Sierra Leone on 2 June.	Sténio	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	Surapong Tompa (Thai สุรพงษ์ ทมพา), is a Thai futsal Goalkeeper, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Surapong Tompa	Thailand
country of citizenship	Mohammad Kiadarbandsari (Persian: محمد كیادربندسری ‎, born October 9, 1989 in Tehran) is an alpine skier from Iran.	Mohammad Kiadarbandsari	Iran
country of citizenship	Saša Tuksar (SAH-shə /ˈsɑːʃə/; born Čakovec, 12 May 1983) is a former professional tennis player from Croatia.	Saša Tuksar	Croatia
country of citizenship	Frederick W. Haultain (November 7, 1821--1882) was a British Army officer and political figure in Canada West.	Frederick W. Haultain	Canada
country of citizenship	Hugo Guerrero Marthineitz (11 August 1924, Lima -- 21 August 2010, Buenos Aires) was a Peruvian journalist, commentator and radio host, who spent most of his professional career in Argentina.	Hugo Guerrero Marthineitz	Argentina
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Domogarov was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union (now Russia).	Aleksandr Domogarov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	One of the most famous goalkeepers of ``Lavori Pubblici FC'' was Abdi Mohamed Ahmed, who played in the 1980 conquest of the Somalia league championship.	Abdi Mohamed Ahmed	Somalia
country of citizenship	Suniti Solomon (1938 or 1939 -- 28 July 2015) was an Indian physician and microbiologist who pioneered AIDS research and prevention in India after having diagnosed the first Indian AIDS cases in Chennai in 1985.	Suniti Solomon	India
country of citizenship	Sami Frashëri (Turkish: Şemseddin Sami, June 1, 1850 -- June 18, 1904) was an Albanian writer, philosopher, playwright and a prominent figure of the Rilindja Kombëtare, the National Renaissance movement of Albania, together with his two brothers Abdyl and Naim.	Sami Frashëri	Albania
country of citizenship	Aikaterini Evangelinou (born 1988) is a beauty queen who represented Greece in Miss World 2007 in China.	Aikaterini Evangelinou	Greece
country of citizenship	Philip Lytton, (died 21 November 1949) real name Charles Ernest Phillips, was an Australian actor and theatrical entrepreneur best known for producing theatre shows that toured throughout Australia in the early part of the twentieth century.	Philip Lytton	Australia
country of citizenship	Mathieu Razanakolona (born August 2, 1986 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Malagasy-Canadian alpine skier, born to a Quebecois mother and a father from Madagascar, currently residing in Canada.	Mathieu Razanakolona	Canada
country of citizenship	Hassan Shamaizadeh (Persian: حسن شماعی‌زاده‎‎, born November 22, 1943 in Isfahan, Iran) is a well known & popular Persian singer, songwriter, composer, arranger, saxophonist, and pianist.	Hassan Shamaizadeh	Iran
country of citizenship	Bou Hmara also spelled Bou Hamara or Bouhmara : (the one who owns a she-ass) (c.1860-1909), a rogui or pretender to the throne of Morocco.	Bou Hmara	Morocco
country of citizenship	Stu Marshall is a guitarist from Sydney, Australia.	Stu Marshall	Australia
country of citizenship	Rumaliza was born at Lindi around 1855, on the Indian Ocean coast in the south of modern Tanzania.	Rumaliza	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Farjam Behnam (born in 1966 in Tehran, Iran) is an editor, researcher and founder of Iran Almanac.	Farjam Behnam	Iran
country of citizenship	Hjelm Waage Thurn-Basberg (3 November 1917 -- 29 November 2006) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II. He fled Norway twice due to his resistance to the German occupation, but returned both times to work with intelligence for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6).	Hjelm Waage Thurn-Basberg	Norway
country of citizenship	M. P Appachu Ranjan (born 11 September 1957) is an Indian politician who was the Former Minister for Youth Services and Sports in Karnataka, a state in Southern India.	Appachu Ranjan	India
country of citizenship	Grutle Kjellson (born 24 December 1973 in Sveio, Hordaland, Norway) is a Norwegian vocalist and bass player for the progressive viking metal band Enslaved.	Grutle Kjellson	Norway
country of citizenship	John Henry Charles Willoughby (July 3, 1861 -- 1940 ) was a physician, financial broker and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	John Henry Charles Willoughby	Canada
country of citizenship	Pahikore Te Koeti Turanga (18 November 1883 -- 13 March 1964), also known as John Butler Te Koeti, was a notable New Zealand mountaineer, guide, bushman, axeman.	Pahikore Te Koeti Turanga	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Roberto Sacasa Sarria (1840 -- 1896) was the President of Nicaragua from 5 August 1889 to 1 January 1891 and again the 46th from 1 March 1891 to 11 July 1893.	Roberto Sacasa	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	It is thought that Susanna Nerantzi was born in Zakynthos, Greece.	Susanna Nerantzi	Greece
country of citizenship	Kari Asikainen (born 24 October 1939 in Parkano, Finland) is a Finnish interior designer and former Professor of Industrial Furniture Design at MUOVA, the Design Centre of Western Finland in Vaasa (1988--1994).	Kari Asikainen	Finland
country of citizenship	Riku Heini (born 9 December 1990) is a Finnish football player currently playing for FC Lahti and Finland national under-19 football team.	Riku Heini	Finland
country of citizenship	Richard Manu (born January 20, 1974 in Ghana) is a footballer who is currently playing for Asante Kotoko in Ghana's Glo Premier League.	Richard Manu	Ghana
country of citizenship	Luiz Brasil (born Luiz Alberto Brasil de Carvalho in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil, on April 21, 1954) is a Brazilian guitarist.	Luiz Brasil	Brazil
country of citizenship	Zimoun (born 1977) is a Swiss artist who lives and works in Bern, Switzerland.	Zimoun	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Sevahir Bayındır (* 1 January 1969, Karlıova, Bingöl Province, Turkey) is an Kurdish MP for the Democratic Society Party (DTP) in Şırnak, Eastern Turkey.	Sevahir Bayındır	Turkey
country of citizenship	Julien Ingrassia (born 26 November 1979 in Aix-en-Provence, France) is a French rally co-driver.	Julien Ingrassia	France
country of citizenship	Mark Staufer (born 3 November 1963) is a New Zealand native.	Mark Staufer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Giddens Ko (simplified Chinese: 柯景腾; traditional Chinese: 柯景騰; pinyin: Kē Jǐngténg), is a Taiwanese writer and director born on 25 August 1978 in Changhua County, Taiwan.	Giddens Ko	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Kittikun Jamsuwan (Thai: กิตติคุณ แจ่มสุวรรณ, born June 9, 1984) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Kittikun Jamsuwan	Thailand
country of citizenship	Pradeep Kumar Sinha (P. K. Sinha) (born July 18, 1955) is an Indian civil servant who is the 31st Cabinet Secretary of the Republic of India.	Pradeep Kumar Sinha	India
country of citizenship	Florian Schulz is a professional nature and wildlife photographer based in southern Germany whose striking images have garnered international recognition.	Florian Schulz	Germany
country of citizenship	George Arthur Pollard (1863--1939) was a New Zealand salvation army officer and administrator.	George Arthur Pollard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	After a first study devoted to the philosophy of Samuel Alexander in 1929, Philippe Devaux was appointed as a FNRS research associate in Belgium, and then for two year as an advanced fellow at the Berkeley and Harvard Universities, where he studied with Alfred North Whitehead.	Philippe Devaux	Belgium
country of citizenship	Cor Fijneman (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkɔr ˈfɛi̯.nə.ˌmɑn)) is a Dutch producer, DJ, and remixer from Breda, Netherlands.	Cor Fijneman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Karl Anschütz (February 1813 Koblenz, Germany - 30 December 1870 New York City) was a German-born musical director and composer who founded the German Opera in New York City.	Karl Anschütz	Germany
country of citizenship	Tomohisa Otani (大谷 智久, born February 14, 1985 in Hyōgo Prefecture) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Tomohisa Otani	Japan
country of citizenship	Born in Thrissur, Kerala, India, Ranjith Sankar completed his education from M A College of Engineering, Kothamangalam.	Ranjith Sankar	India
country of citizenship	Eric Lenge (born 1971 - ) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo led a failed coup during June 2004 against the Government of Joseph Kabila.	Eric Lenge	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Susan Denberg (born Dietlinde Zechner on 2 August 1944, Bad Polzin, Germany) is a German-Austrian model and actress grown up in Klagenfurt, Austria.	Susan Denberg	Austria
country of citizenship	Dario Alioto (born 1984) is a professional poker player from Palermo, Italy.	Dario Alioto	Italy
country of citizenship	Alaa El-Din Abdul Moneim (Arabic: علاء الدين عبد المنعم‎; born January 3, 1951, in New Helmia, Al-Darb Al Ahmar, Cairo, Egypt) is an independent member of the Egyptian Parliament and a lawyer.	Alaa El-Din Abdul Moneim	Egypt
country of citizenship	Youcan is a musician and singer song writer in Kyoto, Japan.	Youcan	Japan
country of citizenship	Ade Rai (born I Gusti Agung Kusuma Yudha Rai) (born May 6, 1970 in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian IFBB professional bodybuilder.	Ade Rai	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Nicolas Chopin was born in the village of Marainville-sur-Madon (Vosges department), in the province of Lorraine, France.	Nicolas Chopin	France
country of citizenship	Jean-Marie Ehouzou (born September 1950) is a Beninese diplomat who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Benin from 2008 to 2011.	Jean-Marie Ehouzou	Benin
country of citizenship	Iopu Iopu-Aso (born 1 April 1991) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as an loose forward for Taranaki in the ITM Cup and the Hurricanes in Super Rugby.	Iopu Iopu-Aso	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Diego Bianconi (b. 1957 in Muralto, Locarno, Canton Ticino, Switzerland) is a Swiss painter.	Diego Bianconi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Johnny Madsen (born in Thyborøn, Denmark on 31 March 1951) is a Danish musician, songwriter and painter.	Johnny Madsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Edward Yang was born in Shanghai in 1947, and grew up in Taipei, Taiwan.	Edward Yang	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Mikey Manville (born Michael Iwanyshyn 25 Dec 1980, Toronto, Canada) is a Canadian musician and lyricist, and the lead singer of the band The Manvils.	Mikey Manville	Canada
country of citizenship	Forrestina Elizabeth Ross (1860--1936) was a notable New Zealand teacher, mountaineer, journalist and writer.	Forrestina Elizabeth Ross	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Juan de Marcos González (born Juan de Marcos González-Cárdenas in January 1954 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban bandleader and musician, best known for his work with the Buena Vista Social Club.	Juan de Marcos González	Cuba
country of citizenship	Mullah Mansoor Dadullah (born 1972) was Mullah Dadullah's younger half-brother who succeeded him as a senior military commander of the Taliban in southern Afghanistan.	Mansoor Dadullah	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Paulo Bethencourt (born Paulo Bethencourt da Silva Franco Neto, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a multi-platinum, Grammy nominated music producer, composer and arranger, who has created original musical works for Sony Music International, Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group, BMG, and Discovery Channel.	Paulo Bethencourt	Brazil
country of citizenship	Joseph William McKay (Mackay) (31 January 1829 -- 17 December 1900) was a fur trader, businessman, politician and explorer who had a long career in the employ of the Hudson's Bay Company in Canada.	Joseph William McKay	Canada
country of citizenship	Airinė Palšytė (born 13 July 1992 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian high jumper.	Airinė Palšytė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Louis Chevalier was born in L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer in the coastal department of Vendée in western France.	Louis Chevalier	France
country of citizenship	Mads Andersen (born 1970) is a poker and backgammon player from Copenhagen, Denmark.	Mads Andersen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Caroline Tran (born c. 1973) is an Australian radio announcer on the national youth broadcaster Triple J. She moved to Melbourne, Australia, from Vietnam with her family when she was three.	Caroline Tran	Australia
country of citizenship	Filipa Moniz Perestrelo (ca. 1455 -- ca. 1484) was a Portuguese noblewoman from Porto Santo Island, in Madeira, Portugal.	Filipa Moniz Perestrelo	Portugal
country of citizenship	Colonel Julio Adalberto Rivera Carballo (September 2, 1921 -- July 29, 1973) was president of El Salvador 1 July 1962 - 1 July 1967.	Julio Adalberto Rivera Carballo	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Robert Rental was the stage name of Robert Donnachie (1952--2000), a British pioneer of the post-punk DIY industrial electronic music scene in the United Kingdom.	Robert Rental	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jean Daudé (born October 20, 1973 in Nîmes), is a former rugby player who played with France and CSBJ, who plays as Lock.	Jean Daudé	France
country of citizenship	Agustín Romualdo Álvarez Rodríguez was born in Renedo de Valdetuéjar, Spain, and was ordained a priest on March 12, 1949 from the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin.	Agustín Romualdo Álvarez Rodríguez	Spain
country of citizenship	Nils Allesson (lat. Nicolaus Allonius) was Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden, 1292-1305.	Nils Allesson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Suzanne Aubert (19 June 1835 -- 1 October 1926), better known to many by her cleric name Sister Mary Joseph or Mother Aubert, was a Catholic sister who started a home for orphans and the under-privileged in Jerusalem, New Zealand on the Whanganui River in 1885.	Suzanne Aubert	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Charles Nalder Baeyertz (15 December 1866 -- 5 June 1943) was a New Zealand teacher, journalist, editor, publisher and music critic.	Charles Nalder Baeyertz	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thomas Gordon William Ashbourne (December 4, 1894 -- March 8, 1984) was a Canadian politician who was part of the Newfoundland National Convention which discussed the terms of union between Newfoundland and Canada.	Thomas Gordon William Ashbourne	Canada
country of citizenship	William Lankham (4 December 1861 -- 2 December 1886) was a New Zealand cricketer who played five first-class matches for Auckland before his death at the age of 24.	William Lankham	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shakar Khan Shakar ( 3 September 1940) he is a retired Afghanistan wrestler, who competed at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games and the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in the welterweight events.	Shakar Khan Shakar	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Andrei Bădescu (born 12 February 1985) is a Romanian former professional footballer whose career was largely played in Romania, with brief stints in Switzerland and Canada.	Andrei Bădescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Luuka Jones (born 18 October 1988 in Tauranga) is a New Zealand slalom canoeist who started competing in 2003.	Luuka Jones	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Niels Fredriksen Dyhren was born on the Dyhren farm in Østre Toten in Oppland, Norway.	Niels Fredriksen Dyhren	Norway
country of citizenship	Mostafizur Rahman Fizar is a Bangladeshi politician and the State Minister for Environment of Bangladesh Government.	Mostafizur Rahman	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Tunisiano also published La France, Itinéraire d'une polémique with journalist and writer Olivier Cachin, talking about conflicts with extreme right-wing groups.	Tunisiano	France
country of citizenship	In 1933, Yiorgos Batis did his first sound-recording with bouzouki in Greece.	Yiorgos Batis	Greece
country of citizenship	Sharon Johnston CC (born 1943) is the wife of David Lloyd Johnston, the 28th Governor General of Canada.	Sharon Johnston	Canada
country of citizenship	Rola Saad was born in Tannourine, Lebanon, to a Christian Maronite family and became an orphan as a child.	Rola Saad	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Yallamanda Rao Veerapaneni was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Vinukonda constituency in Andhra Pradesh, India, in 1994 and 1999.	Yallamanda Rao Veerapaneni	India
country of citizenship	Soenario (28 August 1902 -- 18 May 1997), also spelled Sunario, was Indonesia's minister of foreign affairs from 1953 to 1955.	Soenario	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Attia Bano Qamar (born in Pakistan) was crowned Miss Pakistan World runner-up in Toronto, Canada on 9 September 2011.	Attia Bano Qamar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ahmet Emin Yalman, Ph.D., was born in 1888 in Thessaloniki, which at that time was part of the Ottoman Empire.	Ahmet Emin Yalman	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Mílton Alves da Silva (born October 16, 1931 in Porto Alegre, Brazil - died in 1973 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian former football player.	Mílton Alves da Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Velayuthapillai Baheerathakumar (Tamil: வேலாயுதபிள்ளை பகீரதகுமார் Vēlāyutapiḷḷai Pakīratakumār; 8 January 1966 -- 4 April 2009; commonly known by the nom de guerre Theepan) was a leading member of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), a separatist Tamil militant organisation in Sri Lanka.	Theepan	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Gustavo Arcos Bergnes (December 19, 1926 in Caibarién, Cuba -- August 8, 2006 in Havana, Cuba) was a fellow Cuban revolutionary alongside Fidel Castro who later became an imprisoned dissident of the government.	Gustavo Arcos	Cuba
country of citizenship	Álvaro Brechner (born April 9, 1976 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a film director, writer and film producer.	Álvaro Brechner	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Xavier María de Munibe e Idiáquez, Conde de Peñaflorida (Count of Peñaflorida) (Azkoitia, 1723--Bergara, 1785), was an important figure of Enlightenment Spain.	Xavier María de Munibe e Idiáquez	Spain
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Trần Hanh (born November 29, 1932) is a pilot of the Vietnam People's Air Force and later Deputy Minister of Defence of Vietnam.	Trần Hanh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Armanda Maria De Jesus Lopes, better known in Portugal as Maria Armanda, was a Portuguese singer.	Maria Armanda	Portugal
country of citizenship	William Henry Eyes (1819 -- 12 April 1907) was a British-born, New Zealand politician who was the fifth Superintendent of the Marlborough Province, and who represented the Wairau electorate in the New Zealand House of Representatives for many years.	William Henry Eyes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Navy Captain (retired) Anthony Udofia served as Administrator of Osun State, Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.	Anthony Udofia	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Beslan Butba (Abkhaz: Беслан Быҭәба, Georgian: ბესლან ბუთბა) (born February 7, 1960) is a businessman and a former Prime Minister of Abkhazia.	Beslan Butba	Abkhazia
country of citizenship	Tanel Joamets has given solo and chamber concerts in Estonia and Finland, but also in Canada, Australia, Germany and England.	Tanel Joamets	Estonia
country of citizenship	Leo Bretholz was born in Vienna, Austria, on March 6, 1921 and died on March 8, 2014.	Leo Bretholz	Austria
country of citizenship	Born in Melbourne, Victoria Ann James has been illustrating books since the 1980s and has become a significant contributor towards the development and appreciation of children's literature in Australia.	Ann James	Australia
country of citizenship	Anna Katrina Simcic-Forrest (born 8 November 1971), best known under her maiden name Anna Simcic, is a former New Zealand swimming representative.	Anna Simcic	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hajiya Zainab Maina, FCIA, MFR (born 7 August 1948) is the Minister of Women Affairs and Social Development of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.	Hajiya Zainab Maina	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ambrose D. Richard (February 6, 1850 -- 1917) was a lawyer and political figure of Acadian descent in New Brunswick, Canada.	Ambrose D. Richard	Canada
country of citizenship	Emil Thuy was born in Hagen, Germany, the son of a factory owner.	Emil Thuy	Germany
country of citizenship	Yuri Shafranik is also a chairman of the Union of Oil and Gas Producers of Russia.	Yuri Shafranik	Russia
country of citizenship	Zahid Pirzada (born 1 August 1958, Karachi, Pakistan) is a former Pakistani field hockey player.	Zahid Pirzada	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Dyveke Sigbritsdatter or Dyveke Willomsdatter, (1490 -- 21 September 1517), in Denmark normally known as ``Dyveke'' ; in modern Dutch ``duifje'' means ``little dove''), was known as the mistress to Christian II of Denmark.	Dyveke Sigbritsdatter	Denmark
country of citizenship	Yubraj Nayaghare (Nepali: युवराज नयाँघरे) is writer, literaturer and winner of Madan Puraskar of Nepal.	Yubraj Nayaghare	Nepal
country of citizenship	Omar Ibrahim Ghalawanji (Arabic: عمر ابراهيم غلاونجي‎, ``Umar Ibrāhīm Ğalāwanjī; born 1954) is a Syrian politician, who was the caretaker Prime Minister of Syria in August 2012, following the defection of Riyad Farid Hijab.	Omar Ibrahim Ghalawanji	Syria
country of citizenship	Esmeralda Agoglia (29 August 1923 - 24 October 2014) was a former Argentine prima ballerina, choreographer and director of Argentina's Ballet Estable.	Esmeralda Agoglia	Argentina
country of citizenship	Manuel Romeike (born 9 December 1979), known by his stage name King Orgasmus One, is a rapper and porn producer from Berlin, Germany.	King Orgasmus One	Germany
country of citizenship	Dr. Amal Uthum Herat (born 15 September 1957), in Colombo, Sri Lanka was Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka and Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund.	Uthum Herat	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Hélène Dutrieu was born on 10 July 1877 in Tournai, Belgium, the daughter of a Belgian Army officer.	Hélène Dutrieu	Belgium
country of citizenship	Mohammad Farokhmanesh, born 1971 in Shiraz, (Iran) started making his first short films during his education at the ``Iranian Young Cinema Society''.	Mohammad Farokhmanesh	Iran
country of citizenship	Henri Ledroit (Villacourt, 1946 - Nancy, France, 1988) was a French counter-tenor, the first in France of the modern revival in that voice range.	Henri Ledroit	France
country of citizenship	A complex series of conflicts and events led to Lafcadio Hearn being moved from Greece to Ireland, where he was abandoned first by his mother (leaving him in the care of her husband's aunt), then his father, and finally by his father's aunt, who had been appointed his official guardian.	Lafcadio Hearn	Greece
country of citizenship	Allan Martinson (born 8 October 1966, in Tartu, Estonia) is an Estonian technology entrepreneur and investor.	Allan Martinson	Estonia
country of citizenship	Meelis Aasmäe (born June 13, 1972, in Palupera, Valga) is an Estonian professional cross-country skier based in Sultsi, Estonia.	Meelis Aasmäe	Estonia
country of citizenship	Helena Ruth France (12 June 1913 -- 19 August 1968) (known as Ruth France) was a New Zealand librarian, poet and novelist.	Ruth France	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Georges Delnon (born 20 March 1958, Zürich, Switzerland) is a Swiss theatre director, artistic director and professor.	Georges Delnon	Switzerland
country of citizenship	John K. Randle (1 February 1855 -- 27 February 1928) was a West African doctor who was active in politics in Lagos, now in Nigeria, in the colonial era.	John K. Randle	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Dramane Dembélé is a Malian politician who served as Mali's Director-General of Geology and Mines from 2005 to 2010.	Dramane Dembélé	Mali
country of citizenship	Shripad Amrit Dange (10 October 1899 -- 22 May 1991) was a founding member of the Communist Party of India (CPI) and a stalwart of Indian trade union movement.	Shripad Amrit Dange	India
country of citizenship	Julius Lind (born 13 September 1977 in Haugesund, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz and rock musician (double bass).	Julius Lind	Norway
country of citizenship	Afewerk Tekle (22 October 1932 -- 10 April 2012) was one of Ethiopia's most celebrated artists, particularly known for his paintings on African and Christian themes as well as his stained glass.	Afewerk Tekle	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Ali Khaseif Humad Khaseif Housani, also called Ali Khasif (Arabic: علي خصيف‎; born 9 June 1987 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates) is Emirati footballer who plays for his country club Al-Jazira in UAE Football League.	Ali Khasif	United Arab Emirates
country of citizenship	Felipe Mendez was born around 1897 in San Juan, Argentina and participated as a paleontological collector at the 2nd Captain Marshall Field Paleontological Expedition in 1926.	Felipe Mendez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Yves Pouliquen (born 17 February 1931 in Mortain, France) is a doctor by profession, his work has been dedicated to the pathology of the cornea.	Yves Pouliquen	France
country of citizenship	Yusuf Güney (born 5 June 1984 in Trabzon, Turkey) is a Turkish singer who currently lives in London.	Yusuf Güney	Turkey
country of citizenship	Diego de Escobar y Osorio (d. February 22, 1649) was Governor of Paraguay from February 2, 1647 --	Diego de Escobar y Osorio	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Chen Hsin-hung (陳信宏), nicknamed Ashin (Chinese: 阿信; pinyin: Āxìn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: A-sìn), was born on 6 December 1975 in Beitou District, Taiwan.	Ashin	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Zéphirin Diabré (born 26 August 1959 in Ouagadougu) is a Burkinabé politician and 2015 candidate for President of Burkina Faso.	Zéphirin Diabré	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	D'Arcy Short (born 9 August 1990) is an Australian cricketer from the Northern Territory who plays for Western Australia.	D'Arcy Short	Australia
country of citizenship	Sarah Poewe (born 3 March 1983) is an Olympic breaststroke swimmer who has competed internationally for both South Africa and Germany.	Sarah Poewe	South Africa	Germany
country of citizenship	Katrina Halili is an alumna of the StarStruck talent search and the cover girl of leading magazines such as FHM and Maxim Philippines.	Katrina Halili	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ferhat Pehlivan (born August 20, 1988 in Akçaabat, Trabzon Province, Turkey) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the light-flyweight division.	Ferhat Pehlivan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Hadji Ali was born into a working-class family in approximately 1887 or 1892, depending on the source consulted, probably in Egypt.	Hadji Ali	Egypt
country of citizenship	Cristina Zavalloni (born in 1973 in Bologna, Italy) is a contemporary Italian singer and composer who focuses primarily on jazz and experimental (or avant-garde) music.	Cristina Zavalloni	Italy
country of citizenship	The spread of hip-hop culture in Spain in the late 1980s introduced the new graffiti styles developed in the United States, but variations in Muelle's work basically kept his original design.	Muelle	Spain
country of citizenship	Faruk Eczacıbaşı is Chairman of the Turkish Informatics Foundation (TBV), which was founded in 1995 to assist Turkey make the transformation to an information society.	Faruk Eczacıbaşı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Air Commodore David Case is the highest ranking black officer in the Royal Air Force of the United Kingdom, and as of 2000, at the age of 47, he became the highest ranking black officer ever to serve in Britain's armed forces.	David Case	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ayyappan Pillai Raman Pillai (1880--1938), also known as A. Raman Pillai or A. R. Pillai, was an Indian expatriate who worked for India's freedom in Germany, journalist, writer and a book publisher in Göttingen in Germany.	A. R. Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Favre (born July 3, 1978 in San Carlos Centro, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Colón de Santa Fe in Argentina and Rangers in Chile.	Gonzalo Favre	Argentina
country of citizenship	Charles William Miller (24 November 1874 -- 30 June 1953; Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈʃaɹliz ˈwiʎɐ̃ ˈmileɾ)) was a Brazilian sportsman, who is considered to be the father of football in Brazil.	Charles William Miller	Brazil
country of origin	Camp Lakebottom is a Canadian animated series produced by 9 Story Media Group that premiered on Teletoon in Canada on July 4, 2013 and on Disney XD in the United States on July 13, 2013.	Camp Lakebottom	Canada
country of origin	House of Fury (Chinese: 精武家庭) is a 2005 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film written and directed by Stephen Fung, who also co-stars in the film, and executive produced by Jackie Chan.	House of Fury	Hong Kong
country of origin	Director Kaushik Ganguly won the award of best director for Apur Panchali in the 44th International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in November 2013.	Apur Panchali	India
country of origin	C'est la vie, mon chéri (Chinese: 新不了情; pinyin: Xīn bùliǎo qíng) is a 1994 Hong Kong movie directed by Derek Yee Tung-Shing and starring Anita Yuen, Lau Ching-Wan and Carina Lau.	C'est la vie, mon chéri	Hong Kong
country of origin	Bluna was exported to Saudi Arabia from Germany during the 80's and early 90's, Today it's locally produced.	Bluna	Germany
country of origin	The Light Thief (Kyrgyz: Свет-аке, Svet-Ake) is a 2010 drama film from Kyrgyzstan, directed by Aktan Arym Kubat.	The Light Thief	Kyrgyzstan
country of origin	Saptapadii had been released in theatres across India on 1 February 2013, and had a record-breaking run of 12 weeks.	Saptapadii	India
country of origin	Paradise Falls was a weekly soap opera shown nationally on the Showcase channel in Canada, starting in 2001.	Paradise Falls	Canada
country of origin	Welsh cakes (Welsh: picau ar y maen, pice bach, cacen gri or teisen radell), also Welshcakes or pics, are traditional in Wales.	Welsh cake	Wales
country of origin	In Japan, the Hozuki's Coolheadedness manga has sold over 7.5 million copies as of July 2014.	Hozuki's Coolheadedness	Japan
country of origin	Old Rip Van Winkle Bourbon Whiskey is a Kentucky Straight Bourbon whiskey produced by the Sazerac Company at its Buffalo Trace Distillery in Frankfort, Kentucky.	Old Rip Van Winkle	Kentucky
country of origin	Atragon, released in Japan as Undersea Warship (海底軍艦 Kaitei Gunkan), is a 1963 science fiction tokusatsu film directed by Ishirō Honda and produced and financed by Toho.	Atragon	Japan
country of origin	Föreningen Konstsamfundet (lit. ``The Art Foundation Association'') is a Finnish association with the goal of supporting the culture of the Swedish-speaking minority of Finland.	Konstsamfundet	Finland
country of origin	The Secret Life of Us was a three-time silver Logie Award-winning Australian television drama series set in the beachside suburb of St Kilda, Melbourne, Australia.	The Secret Life of Us	Australia
country of origin	Small Time Giants is an alternative rock band from Greenland.	Small Time Giants	Greenland
country of origin	The Minion (also known as Fallen Knight in Canada), is a 1998 American and Canadian action supernatural horror film directed by Jean-Marc Piché and starring Dolph Lundgren and Françoise Robertson.	The Minion	Canada
country of origin	Breizh Cola (pronounced: (brɛjs kola), from the Breton word for Brittany), is a brand of cola bottled by Phare Ouest and sold in Brittany, France.	Breizh Cola	France
country of origin	Produced by Best Boy Entertainment, Soccer Shrines originally aired on GolTV (Canada) in Fall 2010.	Soccer Shrines	Canada
country of origin	Andhaman Kaidhi (Tamil: அந்தமான் கைதி) (English: The Prisoner of the Andamans India) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role.	Andhaman Kaidhi	India
country of origin	According to the company website, FEBO has almost 60 shops all over the Netherlands, with 54 being franchises.	FEBO	Netherlands
country of origin	Little Big Soldier was a joint production of China's Polybona Films and Hong Kong's JCE Movies Limited, a company set up by Jackie Chan in 2003.	Little Big Soldier	Hong Kong
country of origin	Correios de Moçambique is the company responsible for postal service in Mozambique.	Correios de Moçambique	Mozambique
country of origin	Ha'Nephilim (The Outsiders, Hebrew: הנפילים‎) is a television programme currently being broadcast on Yes (Israel) written by Ruby Doanias and Chen Kliman.	Ha'Nephilim	Israel
country of origin	A Nait The or Massage Practitioner (Burmese: အနှိပ်သည်) is a 1922 Myanmar comedy film.	Massage Practitioner	Myanmar
country of origin	Chhote Ustaad - Do Deshon Ki Ek Awaaz was a singing show airing on STAR Plus in India and on Geo Entertainment Television in Pakistan.	Chhote Ustaad	India
country of origin	Código Postal (Postcode) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and aired in Mexico on the network canal de las estrellas.	Código Postal	Mexico
country of origin	Enchufe.tv is an Ecuadorian web series produced by Touché Films, based in Quito, Ecuador, consisting of comedic sketches viewed primarily on its YouTube channels, as well as on Ecuadorian television channel Ecuavisa.	Enchufe.tv	Ecuador
country of origin	Fruit Tingles is a brand of confectionery originating in Australia.	Fruit Tingles	Australia
country of origin	The Return of Sandokan is a 1996 television series produced by Germany (where it was released as Die Rückkehr des Sandokan) and Italy (where is known as Il ritorno di Sandokan).	The Return of Sandokan	Italy
country of origin	The Autocrats (Itse valtiaat / Itsevaltiaat) was a Finnish political satire TV series, which takes the viewer behind the scenes of the politics of Finland.	The Autocrats	Finland
country of origin	Time for Loving (released in Italy as Sapore di mare) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina.	Time for Loving	Italy
country of origin	The Siete Partidas, as the centerpiece of legislative activity under Alfonso X, represents the high point of the acceptance of common law (from Roman and canonical traditions) in Spain.	Siete Partidas	Spain
country of origin	Chabiwali Pocket Watch is a 2006 short film written and directed by Vibhu Puri and produced by the Film and Television Institute of India.	Chabiwali Pocket Watch	India
country of origin	The Times of India gave 2 stars out of 5 and wrote, ``With one of the most preposterous scripts in recent times, M Saravanan...disappoints in Valiyavan''.	Valiyavan	India
country of origin	La República perdida (Spanish: The lost republic) is the name of a series of Argentine documentary films about the history of Argentina.	La República perdida	Argentina
country of origin	Nikhat Kazmi of the Times of India gave four out of five stars, stating, ``No One Killed Jessica is a film that unleashes a myriad emotions in you.	No One Killed Jessica	India
country of origin	Into the Shadows is a 2009 documentary film by co-directors Andrew Scarano and Phil Hignett about the state of Australia cinema.	Into the Shadows	Australia
country of origin	Tonkatsu originated in Japan in the 19th century.	Tonkatsu	Japan
country of origin	Fred Basset has been published in the United Kingdom newspaper Daily Mail and more recently The Mail On Sunday from 1963 to the present.	Fred Basset	United Kingdom
country of origin	Luv Ka The End opened to positive reviews across India.	Luv Ka The End	India
country of origin	Skeem Saam is a soap created by Winnie Serite, broadcast on SABC1 in South Africa.	Skeem Saam	South Africa
country of origin	Scotch broth is a filling soup, originating in Scotland but now obtainable worldwide.	Scotch broth	Scotland
country of origin	Wars of Bribery is a 1996 Hong Kong crime television series produced by TVB that aired on its channel TVB Jade from 10 June to 5 July 1996.	Wars of Bribery	Hong Kong
country of origin	Wish and Switch is a 2012 Hong Kong TVB drama first broadcast on January 3, 2012.	Wish and Switch	Hong Kong
country of origin	Pelotón (Spanish for ``platoon'') is a Chilean reality show on National Television of Chile in which the participants undergo an intense regime of military training.	Pelotón	Chile
country of origin	Huset på Christianshavn (The House in Christianshavn) was an 84-part television comedy series broadcast in Denmark between 1970 and 1977.	Huset på Christianshavn	Denmark
country of origin	Though released by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) in 1941, Boogie-Doodle was actually made by McLaren in New York City in 1940, a year before he was invited by John Grierson to Canada to found the NFB's animation unit.	Boogie-Doodle	Canada
country of origin	Kahani Saat Pheron Ki is a Hindi-language television series that aired on the national channel of India, DD National.	Kahani Saat Pheron Ki	India
country of origin	Battletruck (also known as Warlords of the 21st Century in New Zealand and Destructors in Italy) is a 1982 New Zealand science fiction film directed by Harley Cokeliss (credited under his birth name Harley Cokliss) and starring Michael Beck.	Battletruck	New Zealand
country of origin	While in Spain in November 1968 to film Cry Chicago, Jeffrey Hunter was injured in an on-set explosion when a car window near him, which had been rigged to explode outward, accidentally exploded inward.	Cry Chicago	Spain
country of origin	Jaanisaar is a love saga of a revolutionary courtesan of Avadh, India, and a prince brought up in England, set 20 years after the first war of Indian Rebellion of 1857.	Jaanisaar	India
country of origin	The Age of the Medici, originally released in Italy as L'età di Cosimo de Medici (The Age of Cosimo de Medici), is a 1973 3-part TV series about the Renaissance in Florence, directed by Roberto Rossellini.	The Age of the Medici	Italy
country of origin	Oz and Hugh Raise the Bar is a BBC television programme in which wine personality and expert Oz Clarke and comedian and actor Hugh Dennis travel across Ireland and the United Kingdom in order to sample and discover the wide array of British and Irish Alcoholic beverages.	Oz and Hugh Raise the Bar	United Kingdom
country of origin	The first film, full title Bakko Yokaiden Kibakichi, was released in Japan in February 2004 and in the U.S on DVD by Saiko Films/MTI Home Video in June 2005.	Kibakichi	Japan
country of origin	OP ruft Dr. Bruckner is a television series that airs in Germany.	OP ruft Dr. Bruckner	Germany
country of origin	Burying Brian is a New Zealand television series produced by Eyeworks Touchdown which premiered on Television New Zealand's TV ONE on 2 July 2008, and ran for 6 episodes.	Burying Brian	New Zealand
country of origin	Malpua is a pancake served as a dessert or a snack, popular in India and Bangladesh.	Malpua	India
country of origin	The Mézga Family (in Hungarian Mézga család) is a fictional family from three animated TV series shot by PannóniaFilm studios, Hungary between 1969 and 1978.	The Mézga Family	Hungary
country of origin	Fanesca is a soup traditionally prepared and eaten by households and communities in Ecuador during Holy Week.	Fanesca	Ecuador
country of origin	Vino cotto (literally 'cooked wine'', also vi'cotto or vi'cuotte), is a type of wine from the Marche and Abruzzo in Central Italy, made primarily in the hills of the Province of Ascoli Piceno and the Province of Macerata.	Vino cotto	Italy
country of origin	The Antwerp & District Pipe Band is Belgium's leading pipe band, it's also the first ever grade two band in Belgium which it became after becoming second at the British Championships in Annan.	Antwerp & District Pipe Band	Belgium
country of origin	The Walther SSP is a precision target shooting pistol made in Germany by Walther Sportwaffen.	Walther SSP	Germany
country of origin	Produced in 1956, and set in 1890 France, Elena and Her Men tells the story of a young, beautiful, and free-spirited Polish princess in fin de siècle Paris who specializes in granting people good luck.	Elena and Her Men	France
country of origin	Nousukausi, a.k.a. Upswing, is a 2003 Finland black comedy film.	Nousukausi	Finland
country of origin	Zip 'n Zoo was filmed in the landscape of Assynt in Sutherland, north west Scotland.	Zip 'n Zoo	Scotland
country of origin	Davidstow Cheddar is a brand of award winning Cheddar cheese manufactured by Dairy Crest, at Davidstow in Cornwall, United Kingdom, alongside Cathedral City Cheddar.	Davidstow Cheddar	United Kingdom
country of origin	Montreal Pop Concerts was a Canadian symphony music television miniseries produced and broadcast by Radio-Canada in 1969.	Montreal Pop Concerts	Canada
country of origin	For the next 20 years Giovanna d'Arco had steady success in Italy, appearing in Florence, Lucca, and Senigallia in 1845, Turin and Venice in 1846, Mantua in 1848, Milan again three more times in 1851, 1858, and 1865.	Giovanna d'Arco	Italy
country of origin	Callos is a stew common across Spain, and is considered traditional to Madrid.	Callos	Spain
country of origin	Pittiplatsch, also known as Pitti for short, is a German fictional kobold character who was very famous in East Germany (German Democratic Republic), especially as a puppet character on children's television.	Pittiplatsch	East Germany
country of origin	Hansie is a feature film, produced in South Africa by Global Creative Studios and directed by Regardt van den Bergh.	Hansie	South Africa
country of origin	Based in Paris, Powernext manages the natural gas activities of the EEX Group under the PEGAS brand throughout Europe, and operates the National Registry for electricity guarantees of origin in France.	Powernext	France
country of origin	Kabkabou or Kabkabu (Arabic: كبكابو‎) is a fish and tomato stew traditionally prepared in Tunisia.	Kabkabou	Tunisia
country of origin	A Fistful of Stances (Chinese: 鐵馬尋橋) is a 2010 TVB television drama from Hong Kong produced and created by Lee Tim-shing.	A Fistful of Stances	Hong Kong
country of origin	Times of India rated the film 2 out of 5 and stated that ``The problem with Kaaval is that it offers nothing new in terms of story and presentation.	Kaaval	India
country of origin	Desi Rascals was a structured-reality television series broadcast by Sky 1 and Sky Living in the United Kingdom.	Desi Rascals	United Kingdom
country of origin	McDowell's No.1 Celebration also known as Celebration Rum, is a rum manufactured by United Spirits Limited of India.	McDowell's No.1 Celebration	India
country of origin	Changua (milk soup with eggs) is a typical hearty breakfast soup of the central Andes region of Colombia, in particular in the Boyacá and Cundinamarca area, including the capital, Bogotá.	Changua	Colombia
country of origin	Hence the inspiration for films such as Mission Kashmir which address the local militant insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir and the broader Kashmir conflict between India and Pakistan.	Mission Kashmir	India
country of origin	Kothao Keu Nei (Bengali: কোথাও কেউ নেই) was a Bangladeshi television show, which aired on Bangladesh Television.	Kothao Keu Nei	Bangladesh
country of origin	While the opera enjoyed some success in its day and is probably Mascagni's most famous work after Cavalleria rusticana, today it is performed far more rarely than Cavalleria, which remains Mascagni's only enduringly popular work in America (though in Italy, L'amico Fritz and Iris are still in the active repertoire).	L'amico Fritz	Italy
country of origin	Wibele are very small, sweet biscuits originating from the Franconian city of Langenburg in Germany, though nowadays they are considered a Swabian speciality.	Wibele	Germany
country of origin	Celebrities from different reality shows like Indian Idol, Sa Re Ga Ma Pa, Voice of India, Jhalak Dhikhhla Jaa, Nach Baliye, Comedy Circus, Laughter Challenge, Li’l Champs, Chhote Ustaad, will be seen on the same platform vying for the title of Ustaadon Ka Ustaad.	Ustaadon Ka Ustaad	India
country of origin	Loetoeng Kasaroeng is a 1926 fantasy film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia) which was directed and produced by L. Heuveldorp.	Loetoeng Kasaroeng	Indonesia
country of origin	Kūčiukai (also šližikai) is a traditional Lithuanian dish served on Kūčios, the traditional Christmas Eve dinner in Lithuania.	Kūčiukai	Lithuania
country of origin	Sugar mice are a traditional sugar candy popular in the United Kingdom, especially during the Christmas season.	Sugar mice	United Kingdom
country of origin	Radio + TV Rijmond, usually abbreviated as RTV Rijnmond, is a public broadcast organization for the Rijnmond region of the Netherlands.	RTV Rijnmond	Netherlands
country of origin	Spirit Warrior, known in Japan as Kujaku-Oh (孔雀王 Kujaku Ō, lit. Peacock King), is a manga by Makoto Ogino.	Spirit Warrior	Japan
country of origin	Denso mapcodes are 7- to 10-digit codes identifying specific 900-square-meter areas in Japan.	Denso mapcode	Japan
country of origin	1972 Azimut 1973 Abbiamo tutti un blues da piangere 1974 Genealogia 1975 La valle dei templi 1975 Live at Montreaux (Live) 1976 Non è poi così lontano 1976 Live in Italy 1976 (Live) 1977 Attraverso il Perigeo (Raccolta) 1977 Fata Morgana (LP, Album) (RCA Victor)	Perigeo	Italy
country of origin	Us and Our Education is a 2009 documentary film from The United Kingdom written and produced by Eve Jones and directed by Chris Burns.	Us and Our Education	United Kingdom
country of origin	Kinnie (Maltese pronunciation: (kinːiː)) is a soft drink from Malta.	Kinnie	Malta
country of origin	Dormeuil was founded in 1842 by 22-year-old Jules Dormeuil and began with importing English fabrics to France.	Dormeuil	France
country of origin	Wheels on Meals (traditional Chinese: 快餐車; simplified Chinese: 快餐车) is a 1984 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film written and directed by Sammo Hung, who also starred in the film.	Wheels on Meals	Hong Kong
creator	Lord Edgware Dies is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie, published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in September 1933 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company later in the same year under the title of Thirteen at Dinner.	Lord Edgware Dies	Agatha Christie
creator	San Gregorio Polyptych is a polyptych painting by the Italian Renaissance master Antonello da Messina, completed in 1473 and housed in the Regional Museum of Messina, southern Italy.	San Gregorio Polyptych	Antonello da Messina
creator	M-Maybe is a 1965 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.	M-Maybe	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	Thirteen Most Wanted Men was a large mural created by Andy Warhol for the New York State Pavilion at the 1964 World's Fair at Flushing Meadows, New York.	Thirteen Most Wanted Men	Andy Warhol
creator	The Tiger Hunt is a large painting by Peter Paul Rubens, featuring a hunt for a tiger.	The Tiger Hunt	Peter Paul Rubens
date of birth	Nir Jacob Kaplan (Hebrew: ניר יעקוב קפלן‎; born 8 August 1989) is an Israeli actor, entertainer and a Radio Presenter.	Nir Jacob Kaplan	8 August 1989
date of birth	Manfred Schumann (born 7 February 1951 in Hannover) is a West German bobsledder who competed during the mid to late 1970s.	Manfred Schumann	7 February 1951
date of birth	Isaac Watt Boulton (1823--1899) was a British engineer and founder of the locomotive-hire business known as Boulton's Siding.	Isaac Watt Boulton	1823
date of birth	Justice Satchi Ponnambalam (27 January 1935 -- 31 January 1999) was a leading Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer and judge.	Satchi Ponnambalam	27 January 1935
date of birth	Peter Armstead (birth registered January→March 1934 (age 80--81)) birth registered in Dewsbury, is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage #614), and Batley, as a second-row, i.e. number 11 or 12.	Peter Armstead	1934
date of death	William Nutter (c.1759--1802) was an English engraver and draughtsman.	William Nutter	1802
date of death	Joseph Gibbs (1699, Dedham, Essex -- 12 December 1788), was an English composer.	Joseph Gibbs	12 December 1788
date of death	John Baret or Barrett (died 1580), was an English lexicographer during the Elizabethan era, and was responsible for publishing a dictionary of English, Latin, Greek and French entitled An Alvearie.	John Baret	1580
date of death	Edward Johnson Phelps (18 April 1863, Andover, Massachusetts - 9 August 1938, New Monterey, California) family had been settled in Massachusetts from the earliest times and are alleged to be of noble descent.	Edward Johnson Phelps	9 August 1938
date of death	José-Antonio Campos-Ortega (1940--2004) was a German neurobiologist born in Valencia Spain.	José-Antonio Campos-Ortega	2004
developer	High Seas Havoc, known in Japan as Captain Lang (キャプテン ラング Kyaputen Rangu) and in Europe as Capt'n Havoc, is a video game that was made for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis by Data East.	High Seas Havoc	Data East
developer	Space Spartans is a space combat simulator video game released for the Mattel Intellivision, initially programmed by Brian Dougherty, and later completed by William C. Fisher and Steve Roney.	Space Spartans	Mattel
developer	PangYa (Korean: 팡야, lit. ``Bang!'', RR: Pangya), known as PangYa Exhilarating Golf in Japan (Japanese: スカッとゴルフパンヤ, Hepburn: Sukatto Gorufu Pan'ya), is an online multiplayer casual golf simulation game designed by Korean development company, Ntreev Soft and NCSOFT.	PangYa	Ntreev Soft
developer	Tiny Tower is a business simulation video game developed by NimbleBit, released on June 23, 2011 and November 16, 2011 for iOS and Android devices respectively.	Tiny Tower	NimbleBit
developer	AutoCAD DXF (Drawing Interchange Format, or Drawing Exchange Format) is a CAD data file format developed by Autodesk for enabling data interoperability between AutoCAD and other programs.	AutoCAD DXF	Autodesk
dissolved or abolished	The Prime Minister of the Philippines (Filipino: Punong Ministro ng Pilipinas) was the official designation of the head of the government (whereas the President of the Philippines was the head of state) of the Philippines from 1978 until the People Power Revolution in 1986.	Prime Minister of the Philippines	1986
dissolved or abolished	The death of Husayn b. Ghiyath-uddin in 1370 and the invasion of Timur in 1381, ended the Kurt dynasty's ambitions.	Kurt dynasty	1381
dissolved or abolished	The Leisure Hour was a British general-interest periodical of the Victorian era which ran weekly from 1852 to 1905.	The Leisure Hour	1905
dissolved or abolished	Moskovia Airlines filed for bankruptcy in February 2014 but planned to continue its operations.	Moskovia Airlines	2014
dissolved or abolished	The current Bulgarian royal family is a line of the Kohary branch of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, which ruled Bulgaria from 1887 to 1946.	Bulgarian royal family	1946
educated at	Graduating in 1978 from the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, Anthony Grooms received a Bachelor of Arts in theatre and speech.	Anthony Grooms	College of William and Mary
educated at	After graduating from Harvard Business School, Anand Mahindra joined Mahindra Ugine Steel Company Ltd (MUSCO), as Executive Assistant to the Finance Director.	Anand Mahindra	Harvard Business School
educated at	Gérard Huet graduated from the Université Denis Diderot (Paris VII), Case Western Reserve University, and the Université de Paris.	Gérard Huet	Case Western Reserve University
educated at	Educated at Monkton Combe School near Bath, J. Desmond Clark graduated with a B.A. from Christ's College at the University of Cambridge and became the curator of Northern Rhodesia's Livingstone Memorial Museum in 1937.	J. Desmond Clark	Christ's College
educated at	Ali Eid returned to Lebanon in 1960, and attended the American University of Beirut (AUB) and majored in Political Science & Public Administration (PSPA).	Ali Eid	American University of Beirut
educated at	A theoretical physicist by training, Xiao Qiang studied at the University of Science and Technology of China and entered the PhD program (1986--1989) in Astrophysics at the University of Notre Dame.	Xiao Qiang	University of Notre Dame
educated at	Zardusht Alizadeh was born in 1946, one of the three children of Mammad Mubariz Alizadeh, a professor of philology of the Baku State University, and his wife Zinat.	Zardusht Alizadeh	Baku State University
educated at	Alfonso López Pumarejo went on to study at the London School of Economics.	Alfonso López Pumarejo	London School of Economics
educated at	Hasan M. El-Shamy (born 1938) is a Professor of Folklore (Folkloristics) in the Department of Folklore and Ethnomusicology, the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Cultures, and the African Studies Program at Indiana University.	Hasan M. El-Shamy	Indiana University
educated at	Born in Verchères, Quebec, Pio Laporte studied medicine at Laval University in Quebec City then at the Paris School of Medicine in Paris, France.	Pio Laporte	Laval University
educated at	John Pitre studied at the Art Students League of New York and has lived and worked in Hawaii for three decades.	John Pitre	Art Students League of New York
educated at	François Godement is a graduate of the Ecole Normale Supérieure de la rue d'Ulm (Paris), he was a Harvard University postgraduate student, and he holds a Ph.D. in contemporary history.	François Godement	Harvard University
educated at	John Relyea is a 1998 graduate of the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia.	John Relyea	Curtis Institute of Music
educated at	Michael Tree's principal studies were with Efrem Zimbalist on violin and viola at the Curtis Institute of Music.	Michael Tree	Curtis Institute of Music
educated at	Gavan McCormack is a researcher specialising in East Asia who is Emeritus Professor and Visiting Fellow, Division of Pacific and Asian History of the Australian National University.	Gavan McCormack	Australian National University
educated at	Zaid Orudzhev was born in Baku, entered the Faculty of Philosophy at Lomonosov Moscow State University in the early 1950s, graduating in 1955.	Zaid Orudzhev	Moscow State University
educated at	Ralph Wheelock joined the dissenting religious movement known as Puritanism while attending Clare College.	Ralph Wheelock	Clare College
educated at	Kye Allums (born October 23, 1989) is a former college basketball player at for the George Washington Colonials women's basketball team of George Washington University (GWU) and a transgender pioneer.	Kye Allums	George Washington University
educated at	Dr. Margery Palmer McCulloch was educated at the former Hamilton Academy; the University of London and the University of Glasgow and is a senior Honorary Research Fellow in Scottish Literature, University of Glasgow.	Margery Palmer McCulloch	University of London	University of Glasgow
educated at	Leonid Polterovich (Hebrew: ליאוניד פולטרוביץ‎; Russian: Леонид В. Полтерович; born 30 August 1963) is a Russian-Israeli mathematician at Tel Aviv University.	Leonid Polterovich	Tel Aviv University
educated at	Darrell Floyd (1932 -- March 7, 2000) was an American college basketball All-American while playing for Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina from 1953--56.	Darrell Floyd	Furman University
educated at	Gene Weltfish (born Regina Weltfish) (August 7, 1902 -- August 2, 1980) was an American anthropologist and historian working at Columbia University from 1928 to 1953.	Gene Weltfish	Columbia University
educated at	George Bernard Cronshaw (1872--1928) was a Chaplain, Fellow and Bursar of The Queen's College Oxford University and later Principal of St Edmund Hall, Oxford.	George Bernard Cronshaw	The Queen's College
educated at	After earning a BA in biology from Kansas Wesleyan University, an MA in botany from the University of Kansas, and a PhD in genetics from North Carolina State University, Wes Jackson established and served as chair of one of the United States' first environmental studies programs at California State University, Sacramento.	Wes Jackson	University of Kansas	North Carolina State University
educated at	George Frederick McKay was the first graduate in composition studies at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, N.Y., in 1923, where he studied under Christian Sinding and Selim Palmgren.	George Frederick McKay	Eastman School of Music
educated at	Caroline Bliss (born 12 July 1961) is an English actress who trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.	Caroline Bliss	Bristol Old Vic Theatre School
educated at	Jan Arnoldus Schouten (28 August 1883 -- 20 January 1971) was a Dutch mathematician and Professor at the Delft University of Technology.	Jan Arnoldus Schouten	Delft University of Technology
educated at	In 1994, Kate Clark graduated from Cornell University with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Sculpture.	Kate Clark	Cornell University
educated at	Nita Kumar completed her Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in History and has taught at the University of Chicago, Brown University, and the University of Michigan among other places.	Nita Kumar	University of Chicago
educated at	Frédéric Bozo is a Professor at the University of Paris III:	Frédéric Bozo	University of Paris
educated at	Marjorie Eyre-Parker was born in Derby, England and studied at the Royal College of Music.	Marjorie Eyre	Royal College of Music
educated at	Sergey Parkhomenko was born in Moscow in 1964 and graduated from the Department of Journalism of the Moscow State University.	Sergey Parkhomenko	Moscow State University
educated at	Drew Carter Attended Ohio State University.	Drew Carter	Ohio State University
educated at	Kazimierz Puczyński (nom de guerre Wroński) was a Polish hydrotechnology specialist, graduate of the Warsaw University of Technology with engineering degree, soldier of the Polish Underground State, participant of the Warsaw Uprising.	Kazimierz Puczyński	Warsaw University of Technology
educated at	Phillis Levin graduated from Sarah Lawrence College in 1976, and The Johns Hopkins University in 1977.	Phillis Levin	Sarah Lawrence College	Johns Hopkins University
educated at	As a doctoral candidate at the Florida State University, Selim Giray studied with Eliot Chapo, former Concertmaster of such orchestras as the New York Philharmonic and the Dallas Symphony.	Selim Giray	Florida State University
educated at	Evgeni Babsky was graduated from Moscow State University in 1924.	Evgeni Babsky	Moscow State University
educated at	Danielle Martin is a Canadian physician, health care administrator and an Associate Professor at the University of Toronto.	Danielle Martin	University of Toronto
educated at	Richard A. Oppel, Jr. is an American journalist who has reported for The New York Times from Iraq, Israel and Washington, D.C. He is a graduate of Duke University.	Richard A. Oppel, Jr.	Duke University
educated at	Luc E. Weber received a PhD in Economics and Business from the University of Lausanne.	Luc E. Weber	University of Lausanne
educated at	He was born in 1978 in Nymfaio in Florina (regional unit), his father was of the future Minister of Macedonia and Thrace Georgios Tzitzikostas, Apostolos Tzitzikostas studied International Politics and Diplomacy at Georgetown University and worked at the office of the Chair of the United States House Committee on Foreign Affairs.	Apostolos Tzitzikostas	Georgetown University
educated at	Reem Al Hashimi earned a BA in international relations and French from Tufts University.	Reem Al Hashimi	Tufts University
educated at	Clark Moustakas, Ed.D., Ph.D. Educational and Clinical Psychology, Columbia University, President Emeritus and Co-Founder, Center for Humanistic Studies (CHS).	Clark Moustakas	Columbia University
educated at	For twenty-one years, from 1989 to 2010, Graeme Snooks was the foundation Coghlan Research Professor of Economics in the Institute of Advanced Studies at the Australian National University.	Graeme Snooks	Australian National University
educated at	Amir Faghri received his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley in 1974 and 1976, respectively.	Amir Faghri	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	After graduating from Harvard University, Preston Remington (1897--1958) joined The Metropolitan Museum of Art's Department of Decorative Arts in 1923 as an assistant under curator Joseph Breck.	Preston Remington	Harvard University
educated at	Hava Pinhas-Cohen studied Hebrew literature and art history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Hava Pinhas-Cohen	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Milutin Mrkonjić graduated on Faculty of Civil Engineering of University of Belgrade in 1968 as a civil engineer for roads, airports and railways.	Milutin Mrkonjić	University of Belgrade
educated at	Anjana Appachana was born in India of Coorg (Karnataka) origin and educated at Scindia Kanya Vidyalaya, Gwalior, Delhi University, Jawaharlal Nehru University and Pennsylvania State University.	Anjana Appachana	Jawaharlal Nehru University	Pennsylvania State University
educated at	Phillips Brooks prepared for college at the Boston Latin School and graduated from Harvard University in 1855 at the age of 20, where he was elected to the A.D. Club.	Phillips Brooks	Harvard University
educated at	Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev (Russian: Серге́й Алекса́ндрович То́карев, 29 December 1899 -- 19 April 1985) was a Russian scientist, ethnographer, historian, researcher of religious beliefs, doctor of historical sciences, and professor at Moscow State University.	Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev	Moscow State University
educated at	Whittington Landon, the son of John Landon from Tedstone, Herefordshire, matriculated at the University of Oxford as a member of Worcester College on 13 October 1775, aged 17.	Whittington Landon	Worcester College
educated at	Adrian Bawtree was educated at Christ's Hospital before he attended the Royal Academy of Music and was organ scholar at St Bride's Church, Fleet Street.	Adrian Bawtree	Royal Academy of Music
educated at	Sharon Lechter graduated from Florida State University with an Accounting degree and Magna Cum Laude honors.	Sharon Lechter	Florida State University
educated at	Jamie Thomas King was born in London, England and educated at Dulwich College, Fine Arts College and the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. He is the son of American screen writer Laura Lamson and English television director Christopher King.	Jamie Thomas King	Dulwich College
educated at	Henry Moseley had been a very promising schoolboy at Summer Fields School (where one of the four 'leagues' is named after him), and he was awarded a King's scholarship to attend Eton College.	Henry Moseley	Eton College
educated at	Born in Verviers (Belgium) in 1929, Jacques Drèze did undergraduate economics at the nearby Université de Liège, and then a Ph.D. at Columbia University, with a thesis on ``Individual Decision Making under Partially Controllable Uncertainty'' supervised by William Vickrey.	Jacques Drèze	Columbia University
educated at	Born in Athens, Greece to a prominent war family from Arcadia, Miltos Manetas moved to Milan at the age of 20, where he attended the Brera Academy.	Miltos Manetas	Brera Academy
educated at	Gwendolyn Cartledge (born 1943) is professor in the School of Physical Activity and Educational Services at the Ohio State University (Cartledge, 2009), specializing in methods for teaching social skills to children with and without disabilities ).	Gwendolyn Cartledge	Ohio State University
educated at	Despite studying drama at the University of Manchester Alison Newman did not work as an actress for almost ten years after graduating.	Alison Newman	University of Manchester
educated at	Ursula Goodenough, daughter of Erwin Ramsdell Goodenough and Evelyn Goodenough Pitcher, earned a B.A. in zoology from Barnard College, an M.A. in zoology at Columbia University and her Ph.D. in Biology at Harvard University.	Ursula Goodenough	Harvard University
educated at	Adrian Nigel Goring-Morris is a British-born Archaeologist and a Professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel.	Nigel Goring-Morris	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Sarah Morgan-Silvester (born 1959) was the Chancellor of the University of British Columbia from November 19, 2008, through the end of her second three-year term on June 30, 2014.	Sarah Morgan-Silvester	University of British Columbia
educated at	Max Boot was educated at the University of California, Berkeley (BA, History, 1991) and Yale University (MA, Diplomatic History, 1992).	Max Boot	University of California, Berkeley	Yale University
educated at	Henry Ossian Flipper (21 March 1856 -- 3 May 1940) was an American soldier, former slave, and the first African American to graduate from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1877, earning a commission as a 2nd lieutenant in the US Army.	Henry Ossian Flipper	United States Military Academy
educated at	Marilene Oliver gained a BA in Fine Art Printmaking and Photomedia at Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design and an MA in Fine Art Printmaking at the Royal College of Art, both in London.	Marilene Oliver	Royal College of Art
educated at	Van H. Vu (Vietnamese: Vũ Hà Văn) is a Vietnamese mathematician, Percey F. Smith Professor of Mathematics at Yale University.	Van H. Vu	Yale University
educated at	Maud Menten was born in Port Lambton, Ontario and studied medicine at the University of Toronto (B.A. 1904, M.B. 1907, M.D. 1911).	Maud Menten	University of Toronto
educated at	For the most part, Franklin Peale's education was informal, though he took some classes at the University of Pennsylvania.	Franklin Peale	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Christopher McDonnell studied architecture before moving on to a fashion degree at the Royal College of Art under Janey Ironside.	Christopher McDonnell	Royal College of Art
educated at	Born in 1849, Bernard Loder studied law in Amsterdam at the Athenaeum Illustre of Amsterdam, the predecessor to the University of Amsterdam, and afterward studied at University of Leiden.	Bernard Loder	University of Amsterdam
educated at	Known variously in his cricket career as ``Kumar Narayan'' or ``Hitendra Narayan'', he was educated at Eton College and Cambridge University and was a forceful right-handed batsman.	Kumar Narayan	Eton College
educated at	Born into a noble family on 12 August 1861, Wilmot Vyvyan was educated at Charterhouse and Trinity College, Cambridge.	Wilmot Vyvyan	Trinity College
educated at	A graduate of Edinburgh College of Art, Duncan Rennie worked extensively in Scottish Film and Television behind the camera before developing his career as an actor.	Duncan Rennie	Edinburgh College of Art
educated at	Charles Champion (born 1955 near Paris), who holds a MSc from Stanford University, has been Airbus 380's Executive Vice President Engineering since 1 April 2010 and a member of the Airbus Executive Committee.	Charles Champion	Stanford University
educated at	Dirk ter Haar (Dr., B.Sc., M.Sc., MA, D.Sc., FRSE) studied physics at Leiden University, was research fellow of Niels Bohr in Copenhagen, and received his Ph.D. in Leiden from Hendrik Kramers for a dissertation on the origin of the solar system.	Dirk ter Haar	Leiden University
educated at	Gordon Welchman was educated at Marlborough College and then studied mathematics as a scholar at Trinity College, Cambridge from 1925 to 1928.	Gordon Welchman	Trinity College
educated at	The family lived in Hyde Park, and John Paul Stevens attended the University of Chicago Laboratory School.	John Paul Stevens	University of Chicago
educated at	Tatiana Grindenko (Russian: Татьяна Тихоновна Гринденко; born 1946) is a Russian violinist and Meritorious Artist who graduated from the Moscow Conservatory and then became an assistant to Yuri Yankelevich.	Tatiana Grindenko	Moscow Conservatory
educated at	Noah Rosenberg is a geneticist working in evolutionary biology, human genetics, and population genetics, now Associate Professor at Stanford University.	Noah Rosenberg	Stanford University
educated at	William Delaune D.D. (14 April 1659 -- 23 May 1728) was an English clergyman and academic, President of St John's College, Oxford, and chaplain to Queen Anne.	William Delaune	St John's College
educated at	Andreas Hackethal earned his degrees in Business Administration from Goethe University in Frankfurt and the University of Iowa.	Andreas Hackethal	University of Iowa
educated at	Stuart McInally is a former headboy of George Watson's College, and started his professional career in the 2010/2011 season.	Stuart McInally	George Watson's College
educated at	He was the illegitimate son of Sir John Ingilby, 4th Baronet and educated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge.	John Ingilby	Emmanuel College
educated at	Kurt Akeley received a B.E.E. from the University of Delaware in 1980, and an M.S.E.E. from Stanford University in 1982.	Kurt Akeley	Stanford University
educated at	Sandra Quackenbush received her bachelor's degree in animal science nutrition from Ohio State University in 1979, obtained her Masters in retroviral pathogenesis from Colorado State University in 1987 and her Ph.D. also in retroviral pathogenesis in 1994 from Colorado State University.	Sandra Quackenbush	Ohio State University
employer	Sangeeta N. Bhatia, M.D., Ph.D. (b. 1968) is an Indian American biological engineer and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.	Sangeeta N. Bhatia	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Gernot Heiser (born 1957) is a Scientia Professor and the John Lions Chair for operating systems at the University of New South Wales (UNSW).	Gernot Heiser	University of New South Wales
employer	Henry Carter Adams (December 31, 1851 -- August 11, 1921) was a U.S. economist and Professor of Political Economy and finance at the University of Michigan.	Henry Carter Adams	University of Michigan
employer	Bettina Goislard (11 November 1974 -- 16 November 2003) was a French employee of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), assigned to its mission in Afghanistan.	Bettina Goislard	United Nations
employer	Eric Mazur (born November 14, 1954) is a physicist and educator at Harvard University, and an entrepreneur in technology start-ups for the educational and technology markets.	Eric Mazur	Harvard University
employer	Richard Mellon Scaife (July 3, 1932 -- July 4, 2014) was an American billionaire, a principal heir to the Mellon banking, oil, and aluminum fortune, and the owner and publisher of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review.	Richard Mellon Scaife	Pittsburgh Tribune-Review
employer	Aviv Regev is a computational biologist at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, an associate professor in the department of biology at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an Early Career Scientist at Howard Hughes Medical Institute.	Aviv Regev	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Michael Kißener (born 3 December 1960, in Bonn) is a German historian and Professor at the University of Mainz.	Michael Kißener	University of Mainz
employer	Leslie Hill is professor of French at the University of Warwick.	Leslie Hill	University of Warwick
employer	William H. Tucker is an American professor of psychology at Rutgers University and the author of several books critical of race science.	William H. Tucker	Rutgers University
employer	Kurt Weiland is a native of Austria and an executive in the Church of Scientology International.	Kurt Weiland	Church of Scientology International
employer	Georgiann Davis is an assistant professor of sociology at University of Nevada, Las Vegas and formerly held a similar position at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville.	Georgiann Davis	University of Nevada, Las Vegas
employer	William Revelle (born c. 1944) is a psychology professor at Northwestern University working in personality psychology.	William Revelle	Northwestern University
employer	Wilfried Feldenkirchen was born in Cologne and studied history, English studies and economics at the University of Bonn.	Wilfried Feldenkirchen	University of Bonn
employer	Sharon Inkelas is a Professor and former Chair of the Linguistics Department at the University of California, Berkeley.	Sharon Inkelas	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Judith Brett (born 1949, Melbourne) is a professor of politics at La Trobe University, Melbourne, Australia.	Judith Brett	La Trobe University
employer	Charles C. Steidel (born October 14, 1962 Ithaca, New York) is an American astronomer, and Lee A. DuBridge Professor of Astronomy at California Institute of Technology.	Charles C. Steidel	California Institute of Technology
employer	Christina Gonzalez is a news reporter for FOX 11 (KTTV) in Los Angeles.	Christina Gonzalez	KTTV
employer	Victor Hugo Benioff (September 14, 1899 -- February 1, 1968) was an American seismologist and a professor at the California Institute of Technology.	Hugo Benioff	California Institute of Technology
employer	David Shambaugh (Chinese: 沈大伟,born January 18, 1953) is a professor of political science and international affairs at the George Washington University in Washington DC, as well as a non-resident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.	David Shambaugh	George Washington University	Brookings Institution
employer	Tenzin Priyadarshi (The Venerable Tenzin Priyadarshi) is the president and CEO of the Dalai Lama Center for Ethics and Transformative Values) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Tenzin Priyadarshi	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Heather Lechtman is an American materials scientist and archaeologist, and Director, Center for Materials Research in Archaeology and Ethnology (CMRAE) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Heather Lechtman	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Adam Drewnowski (born c. 1947) is a professor of epidemiology at the University of Washington and the director of the Center for Public Health Nutrition at the University's School of Public Health.	Adam Drewnowski	University of Washington
employer	Carlos D. Bustamante is a population geneticist working at Stanford University.	Carlos D. Bustamante	Stanford University
employer	Rob Carter (born 1949) is an American professor of typography and graphic design at Virginia Commonwealth University.	Rob Carter	Virginia Commonwealth University
employer	Richard B. Sewall (11 February 1908-16 April 2003) was a professor of English at Yale University, and author of the influential works The Life of Emily Dickinson and The Vision of Tragedy.	Richard B. Sewall	Yale University
employer	Benoît Duteurtre is currently a journalist writing for several French newspapers as Marianne, le Figaro and Paris-Match and presents a radio show producer for France Musique, a French public radio.	Benoît Duteurtre	France Musique
employer	Hannah Valantine, M.D. is the Chief Officer for Scientific Workforce Diversity at the United States National Institutes of Health.	Hannah Valantine	National Institutes of Health
employer	John Macnaghten Whittaker FRS (7 March 1905--29 January 1984) was a British mathematician and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Sheffield from 1953 to 1965.	John Macnaghten Whittaker	University of Sheffield
employer	Dewitt H. Parker (1885--1949) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Michigan.	Dewitt H. Parker	University of Michigan
employer	Alfreð Gíslason (born 7 September 1959 in Akureyri, Iceland) is a former player and coach for the Iceland national handball team and the current coach of THW Kiel.	Alfreð Gíslason	Iceland national handball team	THW Kiel
employer	Hans Hunziker (August 2, 1878 -- December 17, 1941) was a Swiss psychiatrist, professor of social medicine at University of Basel, head of the Cantonal Health Office of Basel-Stadt, and notable for his contributions on neuropsychiatry.	Hans Hunziker	University of Basel
employer	Pierre Amoyal (born in Paris, 22 June 1949), is a French violinist and is the artistic director of the Conservatory of Lausanne.	Pierre Amoyal	Conservatory of Lausanne
employer	Miroljub Jevtić (born 1955 in Vranje, Serbia) is Serbian Politologist of religion and professor at the Faculty of Political Science, University of Belgrade.	Miroljub Jevtić	University of Belgrade
employer	George Wegner Paus (14 October 1882 -- 22 December 1923) was a Norwegian lawyer and Director at the Norwegian Employers' Confederation.	George Wegner Paus	Norwegian Employers' Confederation
employer	John William Gregg (January 8, 1880, New Hampshire - 1969 Berkeley), was a 20th-century professor of landscape architecture at the University of California, Berkeley.	John William Gregg	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Peter Lawrenson, BSc, MSc, DSc, FIEE, FIEEE, FRS, FREng is an Emeritus Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Leeds who contributed to the development of switched reluctance (SR) drive technology.	Peter Lawrenson	University of Leeds
employer	Bogdan Czaykowski (b. 1932, Rivno,Ukraine, then in Poland,; d. 2007, Canada) was a Polish Canadian poet, essayist, literary translator and literary critic, professor emeritus and former Dean at the University of British Columbia.	Bogdan Czaykowski	University of British Columbia
employer	Steve Alpern is a professor of Operational Research at the University of Warwick, where he recently moved after working for many years at the London School of Economics.	Steve Alpern	University of Warwick
employer	Sir Basil Markesinis QC, DCL, FBA (born July 10, 1944) is a scholar of law and Jamail Regents Professor at the University of Texas at Austin, and was Professor of Common and Civil Law, University College London.	Basil Markesinis	University of Texas at Austin	University College London
employer	Martin Campbell-Kelly is an Emeritus Professor at the University of Warwick who has specialised in the history of computing.	Martin Campbell-Kelly	University of Warwick
employer	Mark Holtzapple is a chemical engineering professor at Texas A&M University.	Mark Holtzapple	Texas A&M University
employer	Colin P. Smith (born 1955/1956 (age 58--59)) FRS FREng FRAeS FIMechE CBE is Director of Engineering and Technology at Rolls-Royce plc.	Colin P. Smith	Rolls-Royce
employer	Paul Glendinning is a Professor of Applied Mathematics, in the School of Mathematics at the University of Manchester who is known for his work on dynamical systems, specifically models of the time-evolution of complex mathematical or physical processes.	Paul Glendinning	University of Manchester
employer	John Brignell, Ph.D., is a retired Professor of Industrial Instrumentation at University of Southampton.	John Brignell	University of Southampton
employer	Neil Guppy (born December 1, 1949) is a professor and sociologist at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada.	Neil Guppy	University of British Columbia
employer	Jacob Milgrom spent most of his career at the University of California, Berkeley, where he headed the Department of Near Eastern Studies.	Jacob Milgrom	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Robert Bagley is a professor of Chinese art history and archaeology in the Department of Art and Archaeology at Princeton University.	Robert Bagley	Princeton University
employer	Jeffrey R. Di Leo is Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences and Professor of English and Philosophy at the University of Houston-- Victoria.	Jeffrey R. Di Leo	University of Houston-- Victoria
employer	Anne Forrester Holloway (1941 -- June 23, 2006) was an American diplomat whom held offices with the United States Department of State and the United Nations.	Anne Forrester	United Nations
employer	Annette Zippelius is a German physicist at the University of Göttingen.	Annette Zippelius	University of Göttingen
employer	Literature by and about Michael Matheus in the German National Library catalogue Profile of Michael Matheus at the University of Mainz	Michael Matheus	University of Mainz
employer	In 1966 Leo Eitinger was appointed professor of psychiatry at the University of Oslo and became Head of the University Psychiatric Clinic.	Leo Eitinger	University of Oslo
employer	Nicholas Chare is a professor of art history at the Université de Montréal.	Nicholas Chare	Université de Montréal
employer	Daniel R. Anderson (born 1944) is an American psychologist and a professor emeritus at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Daniel R. Anderson	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Lavinia Young was matron of Westminster Hospital.	Lavinia Young	Westminster Hospital
employer	Nick Salvatore (born Brooklyn, New York) is an American historian, and Maurice and Hinda Neufeld Founders Professor of Industrial and Labor Relations and Professor of American Studies at Cornell University.	Nick Salvatore	Cornell University
employer	Howard Jerome Keisler (born 3 December 1936) is an American mathematician, currently professor emeritus at University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Howard Jerome Keisler	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	John F. Benton (1931 Philadelphia - February 25, 1988 Pasadena) was the Doris and Henry Dreyfuss Professor of History, at the California Institute of Technology.	John F. Benton	California Institute of Technology
employer	Shmuel Toledano (Hebrew: שמואל טולידאנו‎, born 16 January 1921) is an Israeli former Mossad employee and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Democratic Movement for Change and Shinui between 1977 and 1981.	Shmuel Toledano	Mossad
employer	Martha Greenblatt, a chemist, researcher, and faculty member at Rutgers University, New Brunswick, New Jersey, is the only female chair of a science department in the School of Arts and Science to date (Jan 2008).	Martha Greenblatt	Rutgers University
employer	Athanasios Angelopoulos (Greek: Αθανάσιος Αγγελόπουλος) (born November 6, 1939 in Katerini, Northern Greece) is a Professor of Pastoral Theology at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki; founder and in-honour president of the Institute for National and Religious Studies (Karipion Institute).	Athanasios Angelopoulos	Aristotle University of Thessaloniki
employer	Marc Gopin is director of the Center for World Religions, Diplomacy and Conflict Resolution, and James H. Laue Professor at George Mason University.	Marc Gopin	George Mason University
employer	Richard J. Samuels (born November 2, 1951) is an American academic, political scientist, author, Japanologist, Ford International Professor of Political Science and director of the Center for International Studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Richard J. Samuels	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Marc Kamionkowski (born 1965, Cleveland, Ohio) is an American theoretical physicist and currently Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Johns Hopkins University.	Marc Kamionkowski	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Ian Katz (born 1967--68) is a British journalist who is the editor of the Newsnight current affairs programme on BBC Two.	Ian Katz	BBC
employer	Yoav Freund (Hebrew: יואב פרוינד‎) is an Israeli professor of computer science at the University of California, San Diego who mainly works on machine learning, probability theory and related fields and applications.	Yoav Freund	University of California, San Diego
employer	Susumu Tachi (born January 1, 1946) is a professor of Graduate School of Media Design at Keio University and Professor Emeritus of the University of Tokyo.	Susumu Tachi	University of Tokyo
employer	Peter Funke studied history and German studies at the University of Münster from 1969 to 1974.	Peter Funke	University of Münster
employer	Deepak Nayyar (born 1946) is Professor of Economics at Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.	Deepak Nayyar	Jawaharlal Nehru University
employer	Ivo Banac (Croatian pronunciation: (iːʋo baːnats)) (born March 1, 1947) is a Croatian historian, a long-time history professor at Yale University and was a politician of the former Liberal Party in Croatia.	Ivo Banac	Yale University
employer	David Andrew Smith (born March 5, 1952) is the Deputy Director of the United Nations Information Office in Washington DC. He was formerly an award-winning TV correspondent with ITN and Channel 4 News.	David Andrew Smith	United Nations
employer	Kenneth W. Bilby (October 7, 1918 -- August 1, 1997) was a winner of the Legion of Honor, an executive vice president of RCA, and the author of The General, a book on David Sarnoff's role in the creation of RCA and television.	Kenneth W. Bilby	RCA
employer	Crawford Hallock Greenewalt, Jr. (June 3, 1937 -- May 4, 2012) was a classical archaeologist at the University of California, Berkeley who made contributions to the study of Lydia through his excavations at Sardis.	Crawford Hallock Greenewalt, Jr.	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Lisa M. Buttenheim (born 1954), a national of the United States, is the Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP).	Lisa M. Buttenheim	United Nations
employer	Dr. Abdallah Daar is a Professor of Public Health Sciences at the Dalla Lana Faculty of Public Health, University of Toronto, with a cross-appointment in the department of Surgery.	Abdallah Daar	University of Toronto
employer	Pat Keysell (7 June 1926 -- 31 October 2009) was a presenter of the BBC television series Vision On which ran from 1964 to 1976.	Pat Keysell	BBC
employer	David McCord Wright (1909--1968) was an American economist and educator at the University of Georgia.	David McCord Wright	University of Georgia
employer	Cristian Dumitru Popescu is a Romanian-American mathematician at the University of California, San Diego.	Cristian Dumitru Popescu	University of California, San Diego
employer	Murray Clarke is a Professor of Philosophy at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Murray Clarke	Concordia University
employer	Ian Shapiro (born 1956) is Sterling Professor of Political Science and Henry R. Luce Director of the MacMillan Center at Yale University.	Ian Shapiro	Yale University
employer	John Corvino (born 1969) is an American author, lecturer, and professor of philosophy at Wayne State University.	John Corvino	Wayne State University
employer	Jüri Uluots (13 January 1890 -- 9 January 1945) was an Estonian prime minister, journalist, prominent attorney and distinguished Professor and Dean of the Faculty of Law at the University of Tartu.	Jüri Uluots	University of Tartu
employer	Paul Fredericq (12 August 1850 -- 23 March 1920) was a Belgian historian at Ghent University active in the promotion of the use of the Dutch language in Belgium.	Paul Fredericq	Ghent University
employer	Catherine Gallagher (born 16 February 1945) is a historicist literary critic and Victorianist, and is Professor of English at the University of California, Berkeley.	Catherine Gallagher	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Leonard Parkin (2 June 1929 - 20 September 1993) was a British TV journalist and newscaster who worked for both the BBC and ITN.	Leonard Parkin	ITN
employer	Aksel C. Wiin-Nielsen (17 February 1924 -- 26 April 2010) was a Danish professor of meteorology at University of Copenhagen, University of Michigan, Director of the ECMWF, and Secretary-General of WMO.	Aksel C. Wiin-Nielsen	University of Michigan
employer	John Orrell (December 31, 1934 -- September 16, 2003) was an author, theatre historian, and English professor at the University of Alberta.	John Orrell	University of Alberta
employer	Gary C. Cornia is an American professor who was the eighth Dean of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University.	Gary C. Cornia	Brigham Young University
employer	Sam Cowen is a South African radio DJ and co-host of the morning show The Breakfast express weekdays on Johannesburg local radio station 94.7 Highveld Stereo.	Sam Cowen	94.7 Highveld Stereo
employer	Oliver Rathkolb (born 3 November 1955 in Vienna) is an Austrian historian and professor for contemporary history at the University of Vienna.	Oliver Rathkolb	University of Vienna
employer	Eugenio Coșeriu (Romanian: Eugen Coșeriu, pronounced (e.uˈd͡ʒen koˈʃerju); July 27, 1921 -- September 7, 2002) was a linguist that specialized in Romance languages at the University of Tübingen, author of over 50 books, honorary member of the Romanian Academy.	Eugenio Coșeriu	University of Tübingen
employer	John McEldowney is professor of law at the University of Warwick and former World Bank visiting fellow in the Supreme Tribunal of Justice in Venezuela.	John McEldowney	University of Warwick
employer	Dan Damon is a BBC journalist and radio broadcaster who presents World Update for the BBC World Service.	Dan Damon	BBC
employer	Lene Auestad is a philosopher from the University of Oslo.	Lene Auestad	University of Oslo
employer	Hisham Melhem (Arabic: هشام ملحم‎ Hišām Melḥem) is a Lebanese journalist, who serves currently as Washington bureau chief of Al Arabiya News Channel and correspondent for An-Nahar newspaper.	Hisham Melhem	Al Arabiya
employer	Claire F. Gmachl is the Eugene Higgins Professor of Electrical Engineering at Princeton University.	Claire F. Gmachl	Princeton University
employer	Rowland Leonard Miall (6 November 1914 -- 24 February 2005) was a broadcaster and administrator at the BBC for 35 years, from 1939 to 1974.	Leonard Miall	BBC
employer	Penelope Deutscher is a professor of philosophy at Northwestern University whose work focuses on French philosophy from the 20th and 21st centuries and gender theory.	Penelope Deutscher	Northwestern University
employer	Luigi Gregori (1819--1896) was an Italian artist who worked at the Vatican and served as artist in residence and professor at the University of Notre Dame.	Luigi Gregori	University of Notre Dame
employer	Mete Sozen is Kettelhut Distinguished Professor of Structural Engineering at Purdue University, Indiana, United States.	Mete Sozen	Purdue University
employer	Franz Baader (15 June 1959, Spalt) is a German computer scientist at Dresden University of Technology .	Franz Baader	Dresden University of Technology
employer	Daniel Seltzer (13 February 1933 -- 2 March 1980) was a professor of English at Princeton University, an actor and a Shakespearean scholar.	Daniel Seltzer	Princeton University
employer	Yasha Levine is a journalist and a former editor of Moscow-based satirical newspaper The eXile.	Yasha Levine	The eXile
father	Francine Descartes (19 July 1635, Deventer -- 7 September 1640, Amersfoort) was René Descartes' daughter.	Francine Descartes	René Descartes
father	Vuslat Doğan Sabancı (born 1971 in Istanbul, Turkey) is the second daughter of Turkish media proprietor Aydın Doğan and is currently the Chairwoman of Hürriyet, the most influential daily newspaper in Turkey.	Vuslat Doğan Sabancı	Aydın Doğan
father	Hedvig Ulrika De la Gardie was the daughter of count Carl Julius De la Gardie and countess Magdalena Christina Stenbock.	Hedvig Ulrika De la Gardie	Carl Julius De la Gardie
father	Henrik Skadelår (c. 1090 - 4 June 1134) was a Danish prince, the son of Svend Tronkræver, an illegitimate son of king Sweyn II of Denmark.	Henrik Skadelår	Svend Tronkræver
father	George Gordon, Lord Haddo (28 January 1764 -- 2 October 1791) was a Scottish Freemason and the eldest son of George Gordon, 3rd Earl of Aberdeen.	George Gordon, Lord Haddo	George Gordon, 3rd Earl of Aberdeen
father	Prince Charles Louis, Duke of Chartres (Charles Louis Henri Foulques Benoît Elzéar Jean Marie; born on 28 July 1972) is the son of Prince Jacques, Duke of Orléans and Gersende de Sabran-Pontèves.	Prince Charles Louis, Duke of Chartres	Prince Jacques, Duke of Orléans
father	Estorre Visconti, or Astorre according to other sources (1346 -- 7 January 1413), was one of the many illegitimate sons of the famous Bernabò Visconti, Lord of Milan and already deposed by his nephew Gian Galeazzo Visconti in 1385.	Estorre Visconti	Bernabò Visconti
father	Giovanni Kessler is the son of Bruno Kessler (1924--1991), a former President of the Autonomous Province of Trento and vice-minister to the Interior.	Giovanni Kessler	Bruno Kessler
father	Francisco Parra Capó was born in Ponce in 1867, the son of Francisco Parra Duperón and Eufemia Capó Ortiz de la Renta Bermudas.	Francisco Parra Capó	Francisco Parra Duperón
father	Madison De La Garza was born to Ford dealership manager Edward ``Eddie'' De La Garza and former Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader Dianna Lee Hart (born Dianna Lee Smith on August 8, 1962).	Madison De La Garza	Eddie'' De La Garza
father	Orderic Vitalis described Isabel of Conches, daughter of Simon I de Montfort, as brave as ``several Amazons and the legendary Camilla, who fought as ally of the Italian king Turnus in the Aeneid.''	Isabel of Conches	Simon I de Montfort
father	Jia Chong's father Jia Kui was a military general of Cao Wei and considered an epitome of faithfulness to the state.	Jia Chong	Jia Kui
father	Ali-Royal was a ``leggy, workmanlike'' bay horse with a white star and white markings on both of his hind feet, bred at the Coolmore Stud in County Tipperary by Charles H. Wacker III. His sire, Royal Academy won the July Cup at Newmarket and the Breeders' Cup Mile in 1990.	Ali-Royal	Royal Academy
father	Ramruma, a small, lightly-built chestnut filly with a white star, was bred at the Kentucky branch of her owner, Fahd bin Salman's Newgate Stud, sired by Diesis out of the mare Princess of Man.	Ramruma	Diesis
father	Sir Henry Fane KB, JP (c. 1650 -- buried Basildon 12 January 1706) was the only son and heir of George Fane (1616--1663) of Hatton Garden, by his wife Dorothy daughter and heir of James Horsey of Honnington, Warwickshire.	Sir Henry Fane	George Fane
father	Major Malcolm Munthe MC (30 January 1910--24 November 1995) was a British soldier, writer, and curator, and son of the famous Swedish doctor and writer Axel Munthe and his second wife Hilda Pennington-Mellor.	Malcolm Munthe	Axel Munthe
father	At Talaq was sired by Roberto out of the mare My Nord (by Vent du Nord).	At Talaq	Roberto
father	Gerloc (or Geirlaug), baptised in Rouen as Adela (or Adèle) in 912, was the daughter of Rollo, first duke of Normandy, and his wife, Poppa.	Gerloc	Rollo
father	He succeeded his father, Duke Ping of Jin, who died in 532 BC. Duke Zhao of Jin reigned for 6 years and died in 526 BC. During his reign the state was increasingly dominated by the six powerful clans:	Duke Zhao of Jin	Duke Ping of Jin
father	The kingdom had been founded by Agaja's father Houegbadja who ruled from 1645 until 1685 on the Abomey plateau.	Agaja	Houegbadja
father	Louis Agassiz Shaw II was born to Robert Gould Shaw II and Mary Hannington; the Shaws were a wealthy and influential Boston family.	Louis Agassiz Shaw II	Robert Gould Shaw II
father	Casimir Ehrnrooth's father Göran Ehrnrooth (1905--1996) was a bank manager at Pohjoismaiden Yhdyspankki, and later Nordea after several mergers.	Casimir Ehrnrooth	Göran Ehrnrooth
father	In the Book of Genesis, Hul (Hebrew: חוּל‎ Ḥūl) is the son of Aram, son of Shem.	Hul	Aram
father	Sarah's Secret was sired by Leroidesanimaux, who also sired in the same season as 2011 Kentucky Derby winner Animal Kingdom.	Sarah's Secret	Leroidesanimaux
father	John Petrie was born 15 January 1822 in Edinburgh, the eldest son of Andrew Petrie and Mary Cuthbertson.	John Petrie	Andrew Petrie
father	The eldest son of actors Humberto Zurita and Christian Bach, Sebastián Zurita Bach made his acting debut as a child, appearing in Cañaveral de Pasiones (1996) as young Pablo Montero.	Sebastián Zurita	Humberto Zurita
father	In Greek mythology, Oncius (Ὅγκιος Onkios) or Oncus (Ὅγκος Onkos) was a son of Apollo and a ruler over Oncium (Onkeion), a region of Arcadia adjacent to Thelpusa, as well as eponym of a city Oncae.	Oncius	Apollo
father	Raymond Phélypeaux was son of Louis Phélypeaux, lord of La Cave and La Vrillière.	Raymond Phélypeaux	Louis Phélypeaux
father	Even the Empress Dowager Cixi traced her descent back to the Yehe division of the Nara clan, and recognized Yangginu, the father of Gintaisi, as her great ancestor.	Gintaisi	Yangginu
father	Tom Fool was a bay colt by the racehorse and sire Menow out of Gaga by Pharamond II. He was a half-brother to the good two-year-old Aunt Jinny, and was a great-grandson of the broodmare Laughing Queen, whose other descendants included the Kentucky Derby winner Dust Commander.	Tom Fool	Menow
father	Chief's Crown was a son of leading sire Danzig and Six Crowns, who was by Secretariat and out of the 1974 U.S. Filly Triple Crown winner Chris Evert.	Chief's Crown	Danzig
father	William VIII of Jülich, Count of Ravensberg (c. 1380 -- 22 November 1428) was the youngest son of William VII of Jülich, 1st Duke of Berg and Anna of the Palatinate.	William VIII of Jülich, Count of Ravensberg	William VII of Jülich, 1st Duke of Berg
father	Kurunta was a Hittite king, a son of Muwatalli II born in the 13th century BC, and cousin of Tudhaliya IV. Kurunta is a Luwian name; he also bore the Hurrian name Ulmi-Tessup (often spelled Ulmi-Teshub``).	Kurunta	Muwatalli II
father	William Seymour, 3rd Duke of Somerset (1654 -- 12 December 1671) was the son of Henry Seymour, Lord Beauchamp and Mary Capell.	William Seymour, 3rd Duke of Somerset	Henry Seymour, Lord Beauchamp
father	Sir Percy Florence Shelley, 3rd Baronet of Castle Goring (12 November 1819 -- 5 December 1889) was the son and only surviving child of Percy Bysshe Shelley and his second wife, Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley.	Percy Florence Shelley	Percy Bysshe Shelley
father	Union Rags is a bay with a white blaze sired by Dixie Union who won the Haskell Invitational Handicap in 2000 before becoming a successful stallion.	Union Rags	Dixie Union
father	Christian Cannabich was the third child of Martin Friedrich Cannabich (1690--1773), a flautist, oboist and music teacher at the Mannheim court.	Christian Cannabich	Martin Friedrich Cannabich
father	Dagobert II (c. 650 -- December 23, 679) was the king of Austrasia (676--79), the son of Sigebert III and Chimnechild of Burgundy.	Dagobert II	Sigebert III
father	Moon Zappa was born in New York City, the eldest child of Gail (née Sloatman) and musician Frank Zappa.	Moon Zappa	Frank Zappa
father	Avoise de Craon (before 1178-c. 1230) daughter of Maurice II de Craon and wife of Guy V de Laval.	Avoise de Craon	Maurice II de Craon
father	In Greek mythology, Dorus (Ancient Greek: Δῶρος) is a son of Hellen who was the eponymous founder of the Dorians.	Dorus	Hellen
father	Pieter Brueghel the Younger was born in Brussels, the oldest son of the famous sixteenth-century Netherlandish painter Pieter Brueghel the Elder (known as ``Peasant Brueghel'') and Mayken Coecke van Aelst.	Pieter Brueghel the Younger	Pieter Brueghel the Elder
father	James Hamilton, 7th Earl of Abercorn FRS PC (22 March 1686 -- 11 January 1744) was a Scottish and Irish nobleman, the son of James Hamilton, 6th Earl of Abercorn and Elizabeth Reading.	James Hamilton, 7th Earl of Abercorn	James Hamilton, 6th Earl of Abercorn
father	Gottfried, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (German: Gottfried Hermann Alfred Paul Maximilian Viktor Fürst zu Hohenlohe-Langenburg; 24 March 1897 -- 11 May 1960) was the only surviving son of Ernst II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.	Gottfried, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg	Ernst II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg
father	Darara was a small, lightly built bay mare with a faint white star and a white sock on her left hind leg bred in Ireland by his owner Aga Khan IV. Her sire Top Ville was an Irish-bred, French-trained horse which won the Prix du Jockey Club in 1979.	Darara	Top Ville
father	Khun Lo, legendary founder of the city of Luang Prabang, was the eldest of the seven sons of the Khun Borom, and is credited as being the first of the prehistoric Lao monarchs.	Khun Lo	Khun Borom
father	Dejazmatch Alemayehu Tewodros, often referred to as HIH Prince Alemayehu or Alamayou of Ethiopia (23 April 1861 -- 14 November 1879) was the son of Emperor Tewodros II of Ethiopia.	Prince Alemayehu	Tewodros II
father	Shahnawaz Bhutto (November 21, 1958 -- July 18, 1985; Sindhi: شاھنواز ڀٽو) was the son of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto (President/Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1971 to 1977) and Begum Nusrat Bhutto.	Shahnawaz Bhutto	Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto
father	Robert Ellsberg, son of Daniel Ellsberg is the editor-in-chief and publisher of Orbis Books, the publishing arm of Maryknoll.	Robert Ellsberg	Daniel Ellsberg
father	Alfonso de Cartagena was the second son of Rabbi Paul of Burgos, who converted from Judaism to Christianity in 1390 or 1391.	Alfonso de Cartagena	Paul of Burgos
father	Catherine Carey was born in about 1524, the daughter of Sir William Carey of Aldenham in Hertfordshire, Gentleman of the Privy Chamber and Esquire of the Body to Henry VIII, and his wife Mary Boleyn, who had once been a mistress of the king.	Catherine Carey	William Carey
father	Rupert, Count of Nassau-Sonnenberg (c. 1340 -- 4 September 1390), nicknamed the Bellicose, was a son of Gerlach I, Count of Nassau and his second wife, Irmgard of Hohenlohe.	Rupert, Count of Nassau-Sonnenberg	Gerlach I, Count of Nassau
father	Petar Zrinski was born in Vrbovec, a small town near Zagreb, the son of Juraj V Zrinski and Magdalena Szechy.	Petar Zrinski	Juraj V Zrinski
father	Bianca de' Medici, usually known as Bia de' Medici, (c. 1536 -- 1 March 1542) was the illegitimate daughter of Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, born before his first marriage.	Bia de' Medici	Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany
father	Osmán Morote Barrionuevo known with the alias of Comrade Nicolas was one of Efraín Morote Best's sons.	Osmán Morote Barrionuevo	Efraín Morote Best
father	According to the Torah, Gershon (Hebrew: גֵּרְשׁוֹן‎ Gêrəšōn) was the eldest of the sons of Levi, and the patriarchal founder of the Gershonites, one of the four main divisions among the Levites in biblical times.	Gershon	Levi
father	Oguri Cap (Japanese : オグリキャップ, 27 March 1985 -- 3 July 2010) was a Japanese thoroughbred racehorse, sired by Dancing Cap.	Oguri Cap	Dancing Cap
father	When he heard of the death of his father Shahrukh Mirza, Ulugh Beg went to Balkh, where he heard that his nephew Ala-ud-Daulah Mirza bin Baysonqor, son of Ulugh's brother Baysonqor, had claimed the emirship of the Timurid Empire in Herat.	Ulugh Beg	Shahrukh
father	Mihai Brediceanu (b. 14 June 1920, Brașov - d. 4 March 2005) was a Romanian composer, conductor and musicologist, son of the composer Tiberiu Brediceanu.	Mihai Brediceanu	Tiberiu Brediceanu
father	Sir Tristram was by the outstanding racehorse and sire Sir Ivor (by Sir Gaylord) out of Isolt (by Round Table), and had 19 starts for two wins in France.	Sir Tristram	Sir Ivor
father	The son of Pulitzer Prize-winning poet and literary critic/teacher Mark Van Doren and novelist and writer Dorothy Van Doren, and nephew of critic and Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer Carl Van Doren, Charles Van Doren was a committed academic with an unusually broad range of interests.	Charles Van Doren	Mark Van Doren
father	Evelyn Einstein (28 March 1941 -- 13 April 2011) was the adopted daughter of Hans Albert Einstein, the son of Albert Einstein.	Evelyn Einstein	Hans Albert Einstein
father	Ali Babba bin Bello was born in 1804 the son of a Hausa concubine with Muhammed Bello, the second Sultan of Sokoto, and the grandson of Usman dan Fodio, the first Sultan.	Ali Babba bin Bello	Muhammed Bello
father	John Keegan de Lancie (born October 31, 1984) is an American actor and son of actor John de Lancie and Marnie Mosiman.	Keegan de Lancie	John de Lancie
father	Natalie Cole Sings the Songs of Nat ``King'' Cole received Emmy nominations for Outstanding Variety, Music or Comedy Program; and Cole received a nomination for Outstanding Individual Performance, losing to Bette Midler.	Natalie Cole	Nat ``King'' Cole
father	Jerzy Kossak (Kraków, 11 September 1886 -- 11 May 1955, Kraków) was a Polish realist painter specializing in military scenes; son of painter Wojciech Kossak and grandson of painter Juliusz Kossak -- a third-generation artist from a well-known and sought after family of painters, writers and poets.	Jerzy Kossak	Wojciech Kossak
father	Prince William of Denmark or Prince Vilhelm (21 February 1687 -- 23 November 1705) was the youngest son of Christian V of Denmark and his consort Queen Charlotte Amalie, and thus a younger brother of King Frederick IV. He never married because he died young.	Prince William of Denmark	Christian V of Denmark
headquarters location	Southdown Creative is an award-winning film and video and live event production company headquartered in Seattle, Washington.	Southdown Creative	Seattle
headquarters location	In 1917 he founded the Kessler Motor Company in Detroit, Michigan after several attempts.	Kessler Motor Company	Detroit
headquarters location	World Fuel Services is a Fortune 100 company that is based in Miami, Florida.	World Fuel Services	Miami
headquarters location	HP Enterprise Business was one of three global business segments of Palo Alto based Hewlett-Packard Company.	HP Enterprise Business	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Bocci is a Canadian design and manufacturing company based in Vancouver and Berlin, founded in 2005 by Randy Bishop and Omer Arbel.	Bocci	Vancouver
headquarters location	The Berkeley Group Holdings plc is a British property developer based in Cobham, Surrey.	Berkeley Group Holdings	Cobham
headquarters location	Pertamina (was Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara, lit. 'State Oil and Natural Gas Mining Company') is an Indonesian state-owned oil and natural gas corporation based in Jakarta.	Pertamina	Jakarta
headquarters location	Colorado School of Mines, also referred to as ``Mines'' and ``CSM'', is a public teaching and research university in Golden, Colorado, devoted to engineering and applied science, with special expertise in the development and stewardship of the Earth's natural resources.	Colorado School of Mines	Golden
headquarters location	Thales Australia is best known for its naval ship repair operations, and currently leases the Captain Cook graving dock at Garden Island Naval Base in Sydney, New South Wales and also leases and occupies many of the buildings there.	Thales Australia	Sydney
headquarters location	Regal Entertainment Group, abbreviated REG, is an American movie theater chain headquartered in unincorporated Halls Crossroads, just north of Knoxville, Tennessee.	Regal Entertainment Group	Knoxville
headquarters location	Together, the 128 Tasti D-Lite and Planet Smoothie locations will now be run from the Kahala Brands corporate headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona.	Tasti D-Lite	Scottsdale
headquarters location	Kruidvat's headquarters is located in Renswoude with its main distribution centre in Heteren.	Kruidvat	Renswoude
headquarters location	Marine Midland Bank was a bank formerly headquartered in Buffalo, New York, with several hundred branches throughout the state of New York.	Marine Midland Bank	Buffalo
headquarters location	Select Model Management is a modelling agency based in London.	Select Model Management	London
headquarters location	Scéno Plus Inc. is a Montreal-based entertainment design firm founded in 1985.	Scéno Plus	Montreal
headquarters location	August Storck KG is a German sweets producer with headquarters in Berlin, owned by Axel Oberwelland.	August Storck	Berlin
headquarters location	The archives of the Progressive Democrats party were presented to University College Dublin on 10 June 2009.	Progressive Democrats	Dublin
headquarters location	The shares of stock of CRDB Bank are listed on the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange, where they trade under the symbol:	CRDB Bank	Dar es Salaam
headquarters location	Wunderman launched the joint venture PT Wunderman Pamungkas Indonesia in August 2012, based in South Jakarta, offers digital marketing and CRM to global and local brands.	PT Wunderman Pamungkas Indonesia	Jakarta
headquarters location	Naterra was originally founded in Dallas, Texas, in 1922 as the Superior Products Company.	Naterra	Dallas
headquarters location	Zyvex Technologies (formerly Zyvex Performance Materials, ZPM) is a molecular engineering company headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.	Zyvex Technologies	Columbus
headquarters location	Scality is a software company based in San Francisco, California founded in 2009.	Scality	San Francisco
headquarters location	Trivone Digital Services Pvt Ltd. Trivone is a Bangalore-based digital media and content services company.	Trivone	Bangalore
headquarters location	The Mono Lake Committee (MLC) is an environmental organization based in Lee Vining, California in the United States.	Mono Lake Committee	Lee Vining
headquarters location	IDEX Corporation, based in Lake Forest, Illinois, is a publicly traded company engaged in the development, design, and manufacture of fluidics systems and specialty engineered products.	IDEX Corporation	Lake Forest
headquarters location	Gazit-Globe Israel is also the controlling shareholder of Dori Group (73.9%), a public company traded on the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE: DORI) and one of Israel's leading construction companies.	Gazit-Globe	Tel-Aviv
headquarters location	Claussen and Claussen was an architecture firm based in Portland, Oregon, that designed several prominent buildings in the first half of the 20th century.	Claussen and Claussen	Portland
headquarters location	Bashkir State University (Russian: Башкирский государственный университет) is located in Ufa, Bashkortostan, Russia, founded in 1909, is among the top 10 classical universities of Russia.	Bashkir State University	Ufa
headquarters location	The Airports Authority of Trinidad and Tobago (AATT) is a government airport management agency of Trinidad and Tobago headquartered in the Airports Administration Centre in the South Terminal of Piarco International Airport in Piarco, Tunapuna-Piarco, Trinidad.	Airports Authority of Trinidad and Tobago	Piarco International Airport
headquarters location	Webster's Brewery (Samuel Webster & Sons Ltd), was founded in 1838 by Samuel Webster and operated at the Fountain Head Brewery in Halifax, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Webster's Brewery	Halifax
headquarters location	Norma Editorial is a Spanish comics publisher, with its headquarters in Barcelona.	Norma Editorial	Barcelona
headquarters location	Tuas Power Ltd is one of the largest power generation companies and a key provider of energy solutions, multi-utilities and environmental services in Singapore.	Tuas Power Ltd	Singapore
headquarters location	Then Newell changed its name to Newell Rubbermaid Inc. In 2003, the company announced its move out of Wooster to Atlanta, Georgia; 850 manufacturing and warehouse jobs would be eliminated, and 400 office jobs would move to other locations.	Rubbermaid	Atlanta
headquarters location	Liquor and Poker Music is an American rock record label based in Hawthorne, California.	Liquor and Poker Music	Hawthorne
headquarters location	TAG Tegernsee Immobilien und Beteiligungs-AG (TAG Tegernsee Property and Holding Company) is a property company from Germany with its head office in Hamburg.	TAG Tegernsee Immobilien und Beteiligung	Hamburg
headquarters location	Telik, Inc. (NASDAQ:TELK), was set up in 1988 and now is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, a clinical-stage drug manufacturing company.	Telik	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Pure Storage is a Mountain View, California-based enterprise data flash storage company founded in 2009.	Pure Storage	Mountain View
headquarters location	Ballast Nedam is a Dutch-based construction and engineering company headquartered in Nieuwegein.	Ballast Nedam	Nieuwegein
headquarters location	Essar Steel Algoma (formerly Algoma Steel) is an integrated primary steel producer located on the St. Marys River in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.	Essar Steel Algoma	Sault Ste. Marie
headquarters location	DNASTAR is a global bioinformatics software company incorporated in 1984 that is headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin.	DNASTAR	Madison
headquarters location	Cementir Holding S.p.A., incorporated in 1947 in Rome, Italy, is a holding company with subsidiaries manufacturing cement and concrete, principally in Turkey and Denmark.	Cementir Holding	Rome
headquarters location	International Bank of Asia Limited (Chinese: 港基國際銀行有限公司) or IBA (Former stock code: SEHK: 636) was acquired by Taiwan-based Fubon Group in 2004 and now operates under the name ``Fubon Bank (Hong Kong) Limited'' (富邦銀行(香港)有限公司).	International Bank of Asia	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Pritish Nandy Communications, often abbreviated to PNC, is an entertainment, news and media content corporation, and a maker of Indian movies, based in Mumbai, India.	Pritish Nandy Communications	Mumbai
headquarters location	Centre for Civil Society (CCS) is a non-profit think tank based in New Delhi.	Centre for Civil Society	New Delhi
headquarters location	Fleischer Studios, Inc., was an American corporation which originated as an animation studio located at 1600 Broadway, New York City, New York.	Fleischer Studios	New York City
headquarters location	Sieur d'Arques is a wine producer cooperative located in Limoux in the Languedoc-Roussillon area of France.	Sieur d'Arques	Limoux
headquarters location	ProAssurance Corporation, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is a property and casualty company that sells professional liability insurance to doctors.	ProAssurance	Birmingham
headquarters location	Vedanta Resources plc is a global diversified metals and mining company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Vedanta Resources	London
headquarters location	The Morgan Iron Works was a 19th-century manufacturing plant for marine steam engines located in New York City, United States.	Morgan Iron Works	New York
headquarters location	Armour Transportation Systems is a transportation and warehousing company based in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Armour Transportation Systems	Moncton
headquarters location	In 1898 Givaudan moved to Geneva (Switzerland) and constructed a factory in Vernier.	Givaudan	Geneva	Vernier
headquarters location	Utopia Group SA is a Luxembourgian cinema chain that owns and operates cinemas located predominantly in Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands.	Utopia Group	Luxembourg
headquarters location	Valitor is an acquirer, card issuer and payment gateway solutions company headquartered in Hafnarfjörður, Iceland.	Valitor	Hafnarfjörður
headquarters location	The Steaz brand, headquartered in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, is currently owned by the privately held Healthy Beverage Company.	Steaz	Doylestown
headquarters location	Geron Corporation is a biotechnology company located in Menlo Park, California that specializes in developing and commercialization of therapeutic products for cancer that inhibit telomerase.	Geron Corporation	Menlo Park
headquarters location	Yüksel Tohumculuk (Yuksel Seeds) is a Turkish plant breeding company, based in Antalya.	Yüksel Tohumculuk	Antalya
headquarters location	Audiolith Records is a German Independent record label from Bahrenfeld, Hamburg, which publishes mainly Electronic music and Indie rock.	Audiolith Records	Hamburg
headquarters location	Think Global was an electric car company located in Oslo, Norway, which manufactured cars under the TH!	Think Global	Oslo
headquarters location	Peavey Electronics Corporation is one of the largest audio equipment manufacturers in the world, headquartered in Meridian, Mississippi, United States.	Peavey Electronics	Meridian
headquarters location	Slash Records is a record label in Los Angeles, originally specializing in local and punk rock bands.	Slash Records	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Eidsiva Energi is a Norwegian energy company based in Hamar with large sections of Oppland and Hedmark as core market, and is the largest producer, distributor and trader of electricity in both counties.	Eidsiva Energi	Hamar
headquarters location	The Valdostan Union, also Valdostian Union or Valdotanian Union, (French: Union Valdôtaine, UV) is a regionalist and centrist political party in Aosta Valley, Italy.	Valdostan Union	Aosta
headquarters location	CanadaUpdates operates from offices in Surrey, British Columbia, with a secondary support offices located in Mohali, and Gurgaon, India.	CanadaUpdates	Surrey
headquarters location	Cousins Properties, Inc., headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, is a real estate investment trust, and one of the oldest publicly traded real estate companies in the country.	Cousins Properties	Atlanta
headquarters location	Appenzell Railways (German: Appenzeller Bahnen, AB) is a Swiss railway company with headquarters in Herisau.	Appenzell Railways	Herisau
headquarters location	Within the SolarWorld Group many specialized workers are employed in the enterprise's units located in Bonn (headquarters), Freiberg, Arnstadt, Germany, and Hillsboro, Oregon (US headquarters).	SolarWorld	Bonn
headquarters location	Boulder Electric Vehicle was a manufacturer of electric-powered commercial vans and trucks based in Lafayette, Colorado.	Boulder Electric Vehicle	Lafayette
headquarters location	Norske Skog Saugbrugs AS is a pulp mill and paper mill located in Halden, Norway, which produces supercalender (SC) magazine paper.	Norske Skog Saugbrugs	Halden
headquarters location	Airservices Australia's headquarters is located in the Alan Woods Building in central Canberra.	Airservices Australia	Canberra
headquarters location	The headquarters of the parent company, NorthStar Group, is based in Stockholm, Sweden.	NorthStar	Stockholm
headquarters location	Brauerei C & A Veltins (German pronunciation: (ˈfɛltɪns)) is a brewery in the west German city of Meschede-Grevenstein.	Veltins	Meschede
headquarters location	Boost ETP is an independent boutique Exchange Traded Products (ETP) provider, based in London, United Kingdom.	Boost ETP	London
headquarters location	Infront Sports & Media is a sports marketing company based in Zug, Switzerland.	Infront Sports & Media	Zug
headquarters location	Laminar Research is a small software company based out of Columbia, South Carolina, and is dedicated to providing software that accurately reflects the laws of physics.	Laminar Research	Columbia
headquarters location	Leatherman is a brand of multitools and knives made by Leatherman Tool Group of Portland, Oregon, US.	Leatherman	Portland
headquarters location	Silicon Laboratories, Inc. (Silicon Labs) is a worldwide fabless semiconductor company headquartered in Austin, Texas, United States, that develops silicon, software and tools for the Internet of Things (IoT), Internet infrastructure, industrial automation, consumer and automotive markets.	Silicon Labs	Austin
headquarters location	Oil Can Henry's is an oil-change shop based in Tualatin, Oregon, United States.	Oil Can Henry's	Tualatin
headquarters location	Vallourec S.A. is a multinational company headquartered in Boulogne-Billancourt, Paris, France, which provides solutions to energy industries, as well as the industrial sector, such as the construction, automotive, and mechanical industries.	Vallourec	Boulogne-Billancourt
headquarters location	Givova is a sports teamwear and footwear trademark founded in 2008 in Scafati (Italy) by Giovanni Acanfora.	Givova	Scafati
headquarters location	U-Right International Holdings Limited (Chinese: 佑威國際控股有限公司) (SEHK: 627), or U-Right (Chinese: 佑威), was a garment distributor and retailer headquartered in Hong Kong.	U-Right	Hong Kong
headquarters location	DesignCrowd was started in a garage in Sydney, Australia.	DesignCrowd	Sydney
headquarters location	Aereo was a technology company based in New York City that allowed subscribers to view live and time-shifted streams of over-the-air television on Internet-connected devices.	Aereo	New York City
headquarters location	Following the restoration of Latvia's independence in 1991, a new radical nationalist movement, also called Pērkonkrusts, was formed in 1995.	Pērkonkrusts	Latvia
headquarters location	PacifiCorp is currently headquartered in the Lloyd Center Tower at 825 N.E. Multnomah Street, Portland, Oregon, in the Lloyd District.	PacifiCorp	Portland
headquarters location	Lojas Americanas is a Brazilian retail chain founded in 1929 in the city of Niterói, Rio de Janeiro, by Austrian Max Landesmann and Americans John Lee, Glen Matson, James Marshall and Batson Borger.	Lojas Americanas	Rio de Janeiro
headquarters location	Located in Raleigh, North Carolina near Research Triangle Park, IT Works has installed over 225 financial and grant management solutions in 85 major universities and research hospitals in the U.S. and Canada over the past 22 years.	IT Works	Raleigh
headquarters location	Transbaikal State University (Russian: Забайкальский государственный университет) is an institution of higher education in Chita, Russia.	Transbaikal State University	Chita
headquarters location	Cullinet was headquartered at 400 Blue Hill Drive in Westwood, Massachusetts.	Cullinet	Westwood
headquarters location	Nostromo Defensa is a defense contractor based in Córdoba, Argentina.	Nostromo Defensa	Córdoba
headquarters location	Parsons Corporation (Parsons) is an engineering, construction, technical, and management services firm headquartered in Pasadena, California.	Parsons Corporation	Pasadena
headquarters location	Until its closing in 2010, Simon David was the oldest gourmet and specialty foods store in Dallas, Texas.	Simon David	Dallas
headquarters location	Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter mbH, commonly abbreviated LGW, is a German regional airline headquartered in Dortmund.	Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter	Dortmund
headquarters location	SIMPO (full legal name: SIMPO a.d. Vranje) is a Serbian home furnishing manufacturer and retailer, with headquarters in Vranje.	SIMPO	Vranje
headquarters location	Les Mills International was founded by Phillip Mills and named after his father Les Mills, four-time Olympian and founder of the Les Mills World of Fitness chain of gyms in Auckland, New Zealand.	Les Mills International	Auckland
headquarters location	UGallery is a curated online art gallery headquartered in San Francisco.	UGallery	San Francisco
headquarters location	The National Bank of Liechtenstein (German: Liechtensteinische Landesbank) is the central bank of Liechtenstein, based in the capital city Vaduz.	National Bank of Liechtenstein	Vaduz
headquarters location	Sellier & Bellot is a firearms ammunition manufacturer situated in Vlašim, Czech Republic.	Sellier & Bellot	Vlašim
headquarters location	The Victoria Press was a printer started by Emily Faithfull in London, in 1860.	Victoria Press	London
headquarters location	Lee + Mundwiler Architects (a.k.a. leeMundwiler) is an architectural design studio based in Los Angeles, California and Basel, Switzerland.	Lee + Mundwiler Architects	Los Angeles
headquarters location	In the summer of 1978 Issta leased an aircraft from El Al for an entire season and operated student charter flights from Tel Aviv to European destinations.	Issta	Tel Aviv
headquarters location	The DishHD corporate office is located in Taipei, Taiwan.	DishHD	Taipei
headquarters location	Meteksan Savunma is a Turkish defense technology company, based in Ankara specializing in microwave and millimeter wave systems, laser systems, communication data links and radios, underwater acoustic systems and simulators.	Meteksan Savunma	Ankara
headquarters location	Musicland Studios was a recording studio located in Munich, Germany.	Musicland Studios	Munich
headquarters location	Bell & Howell is a U.S.-based former manufacturer of motion picture machinery, founded in 1907 by two projectionists, and headquartered in Wheeling, Illinois.	Bell & Howell	Wheeling, Illinois
headquarters location	Hand in hand with Teka, the Racing de Santander was the first Spanish football team to have advertising on their uniforms.	Teka	Santander
headquarters location	However, Amilcar quickly outgrew their restricted city-centre premises, and during the middle part of 1924 the company relocated to Saint-Denis on the northern edge of the city.	Amilcar	Saint-Denis
headquarters location	Smells Like Records is an independent record label based in Hoboken, New Jersey formed by Sonic Youth drummer Steve Shelley in 1993.	Smells Like Records	Hoboken
headquarters location	Catamaran Corporation (formerly SXC Health Solutions) is a Schaumburg, Illinois based pharmacy benefit management company that sells services related to pharmacy benefit management and medical record keeping to businesses in the United States.	Catamaran Corporation	Schaumburg
headquarters location	Airstream is a brand of luxury recreational vehicle manufactured in Jackson Center, Ohio, USA.	Airstream	Jackson Center, Ohio
headquarters location	Aviation Repair Technologies (ART) is an aircraft maintenance company based in Blytheville, Arkansas (one hour north of Memphis, TN).	Aviation Repair Technologies	Blytheville
headquarters location	Sysomos Inc. is a Toronto-based social media analytics company.	Sysomos	Toronto
headquarters location	Hennessy's was an American department store owned by Mercantile Stores and was headquartered in Billings, Montana.	Hennessy's	Billings
headquarters location	Multiyork is a British furniture retailer based in Thetford, Norfolk.	Multiyork	Thetford
headquarters location	CzechBoys was founded in 1999 by Pavel Rada and is based in Prague, Czech Republic.	CzechBoys	Prague
headquarters location	Renfro Foods, Inc. is a privately owned, award-winning food producer of salsas, sauces and relishes, including 30 Mrs. Renfro's products, located in Fort Worth, Texas.	Renfro Foods	Fort Worth
headquarters location	Sydbank A/S is one of Denmark's largest full service banks headquartered in Aabenraa.	Sydbank	Aabenraa
headquarters location	The Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) is a think tank based in Washington, D.C., focusing on national security and foreign policy.	Foundation for Defense of Democracies	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Quality Systems, Inc.(NASDAQ:QSII) was set up on April 24, 1974 and is now based in Irvine, California, marketing on the healthcare information systems and connectivity solutions in the United States.	Quality Systems	Irvine
headquarters location	Codiac Transpo is the urban transit service of the City of Moncton, operated on behalf of Moncton, the City of Dieppe and the Town of Riverview in New Brunswick, Canada.	Codiac Transpo	Moncton
headquarters location	KF Albpetrol Patos is an Albanian football club located in the city of Patos in Fier County.	KF Albpetrol	Patos
headquarters location	Pica8, Inc. is a computer networking company headquartered in Palo Alto, California, USA.	Pica8	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Audiokinetic Inc. is a Canadian software company based in Montreal, Quebec that develops audio software for the video game industry.	Audiokinetic	Montreal
headquarters location	Amuza Motors Pty Ltd of Perth is an Australian automotive company which exhibited its Ford Falcon-based stretch limo at the 2003 Tokyo Auto Salon.	Amuza	Perth
headquarters location	Zerofootprint is a cleantech software and services company based in Toronto, Canada.	Zerofootprint	Toronto
headquarters location	The Distelhäuser Brewery (German: Distelhäuser Brauerei) is a medium-sized brewery in Distelhausen, a district of Tauberbischofsheim in the Tauber valley, in Tauber-Franconia, Germany.	Distelhäuser Brewery	Tauberbischofsheim
headquarters location	Turkish Airlines (Turkish: Türk Hava Yolları) (BİST: THYAO) is the national flag carrier airline of Turkey, headquartered at the Turkish Airlines General Management Building on the grounds of Atatürk Airport in Yeşilköy, Bakırköy, Istanbul.	Turkish Airlines	Istanbul
headquarters location	The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (The AusIMM) was founded in Carlton, Victoria, Australia in 1893 and provides services to professionals engaged in all facets of the global minerals sector.	Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy	Carlton
headquarters location	Reis Robotics was founded in 1957 in Obernburg, Bavaria, Germany by Walter Reis as a tool maker.	Reis Robotics	Obernburg
headquarters location	Dean, Smith & Grace is a British manufacturer of lathes and milling machines, based in Keighley, West Yorkshire.	Dean, Smith & Grace	Keighley
headquarters location	Cheek by Jowl is an Associate Company of the Barbican Centre, London.	Cheek by Jowl	London
headquarters location	Keolis Downer commenced trading on 30 November 2009, when the joint venture commenced operating the Yarra Trams franchise on the Melbourne tram network.	Keolis Downer	Melbourne
headquarters location	The Greenbrier Companies is a publicly traded transportation manufacturing corporation based in Lake Oswego, Oregon, United States.	The Greenbrier Companies	Lake Oswego
headquarters location	In 2005, Vendo was renamed ``Sanden Vendo America'' to reflect its strong alliance with Japan-based Sanden Corporation and moved its headquarters to Dallas, Texas.	Vendo	Dallas
headquarters location	The Big Yellow Group Plc is a Bagshot, Surrey based self-storage company that operates in London and the South East of England.	Big Yellow Group	Bagshot
headquarters location	Mobilegov is located within the Sophia Antipolis (France) technology park and the Thames Valley in the United Kingdom.	Mobilegov	Sophia Antipolis
headquarters location	Harbour City Ferries was formed as a 50/50 joint venture between Transdev Australasia and Transfield Services and began operating the services of Sydney Ferries under a seven-year contract on 28 July 2012.	Harbour City Ferries	Sydney
headquarters location	Hallmark Cards is a privately owned American company based in Kansas City, Missouri.	Hallmark Cards	Kansas City
headquarters location	In the 2007 election the Saskatchewan Liberal Party was again shut out of the Legislature, this time finishing better than third only in Regina Walsh Acres.	Saskatchewan Liberal Party	Regina
headquarters location	The BBC World Service broadcasts from Broadcasting House in London, headquarters of the corporation as a whole.	BBC World Service	London
headquarters location	Janrain, sometimes styled as JanRain, is a customer profile-management provider based in Portland, Oregon.	Janrain	Portland
headquarters location	Block Communications (also known as Blade Communications) is an American privately held holding company of various assets, mainly in the print and broadcast media, based in Toledo, Ohio.	Block Communications	Toledo
headquarters location	Goji's Frozen Yogurt is a Canadian frozen yogurt chain company founded by Janette Zacharias and Carol Wirsz and is based in Moncton, New Brunswick.	Goji's	Moncton
headquarters location	AirLaunch was an aerospace design and development company headquartered in Kirkland, Washington.	AirLaunch	Kirkland
headquarters location	DROsoft is a computer and video game software distributor headquartered in Madrid, Spain.	DROsoft	Madrid
headquarters location	Leggett & Platt (L&P), based in Carthage, Missouri, is a diversified manufacturer (and member of the S&P 500 Index) that designs and produces engineered components and products used in homes, offices, automobiles, and airplanes.	Leggett & Platt	Carthage
headquarters location	Invensys Ltd. is a multinational engineering and information technology company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Invensys	London
headquarters location	Thomas Smith & Sons manufactured steam, diesel and electric powered cranes in their Old Foundry on a narrow strip of land between Town Street in Rodley near Leeds and the Leeds and Liverpool Canal.	Thomas Smith & Sons	Leeds
headquarters location	The Portek International group (P09) is a Singapore stock exchange listed all-in-one integrated services provider of global port solutions.	Portek	Singapore
headquarters location	Christopherson Business Travel is a corporate Travel Management Company headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah and founded in 1953.	Christopherson Business Travel	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	The Asia Business Council was established in Hong Kong in 2002, and is an independent organization of top executives, typically from leading Asian companies or multinational corporations with significant Asian operations, who share an interest in the policies needed to ensure the continued economic development and competitiveness of the region.	Asia Business Council	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Ihagee was a camera manufacturer based in Dresden, Germany.	Ihagee	Dresden
headquarters location	Maregiglio is an Italian shipping company which operates in routes from Porto Santo Stefano to Isola del Giglio and Giannutri, in Tuscany.	Maregiglio	Giglio
headquarters location	Warrior Sports is an American manufacturer of lacrosse, ice hockey and soccer equipment and clothing based in Warren, Michigan.	Warrior Sports	Warren
headquarters location	Pravex Bank is a private commercial bank based in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Pravex Bank	Kiev
headquarters location	Kazakhfilm (i/ˌkɑːzəkˈfilm/; Kazakh: Қазақфильм, Qazaqfilm, pronounced (qɑzɑqfilm); Russian: Казахфильм) is a Kazakh film studio, located in Almaty, Kazakhstan.	Kazakhfilm	Almaty
headquarters location	Banjalučka Pivara is a Bosnian brewing company based in Banja Luka.	Banjalučka Pivara	Banja Luka
headquarters location	AeroVironment, Inc. is an American technology company in Monrovia, California, and Simi Valley, California, that is primarily involved in energy systems, electric vehicle systems, and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs).	AeroVironment	Monrovia
headquarters location	Northampton Community College is a community college with campuses in Bethlehem Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania, USA, just outside the city of Bethlehem in the Lehigh Valley region of the state, and in Tannersville, Pennsylvania in neighboring Monroe County.	Northampton Community College	Bethlehem
headquarters location	Trans Adriatic Pipeline AG is a joint venture company registered in Baar, canton Zug, Switzerland, with a purpose of planning, developing and building the TAP pipeline.	Trans Adriatic Pipeline	Baar
headquarters location	Azerbaijan Medical University, named after Nariman Narimanov (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Tibb Universiteti) is the formal name of the public medical school located in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Azerbaijan Medical University	Baku
headquarters location	AmnesiaGames is an independent video game developer based in Santiago, Chile founded in 2006 in Santiago, Chile.	AmnesiaGames	Santiago
headquarters location	Dysan was a storage media manufacturing corporation, formed in 1973 in San Jose, California, by CEO and former president C. Norman Dion of San Jose, California.	Dysan	San Jose
headquarters location	North Street Capital, LP is a privately owned private equity and hedge fund firm based in Greenwich, Connecticut.	North Street Capital, LP	Greenwich
headquarters location	East Carolina University is a public, doctoral/research university in Greenville, North Carolina, United States.	East Carolina University	Greenville
headquarters location	Typhoon Games Ltd. was founded in August 2001 in Hong Kong as a game developing and publishing company that caters mainly to the Asian market.	Typhoon Games	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Vandoren was founded in 1905 by Eugene Van Doren (1873-1940), a clarinetist for the Paris Opera; his son, Robert Van Doren (1904-1996), took over the business in 1935.	Vandoren	Paris
headquarters location	By 1854, the Lawrence & Foulks shipyard had relocated to North Fifth Street, Williamsburg (now a part of Brooklyn), where it would remain for the next 17 years.	Lawrence & Foulks	Williamsburg
headquarters location	Yorba Foundation was a non-profit software group based in San Francisco, and founded by Adam Dingle wanting to bring first class software to the open source community.	Yorba Foundation	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Family Emergency Shelter Coalition (FESCO) is a non-profit organization in Hayward, California which aims to provide shelter, transitional housing and support services for families and children in Alameda County.	Family Emergency Shelter Coalition	Hayward
headquarters location	Cegereal, frequently styled CeGeREAL, is a real estate management company based in Paris, France.	Cegereal	Paris
headquarters location	PlanetSpace was a privately funded Chicago-based rocket and space travel project founded by Geoff Sheerin, CEO of the Canadian Arrow corporation and Dr. Chirinjeev Kathuria in 2005.	PlanetSpace	Chicago
headquarters location	Forges de Zeebrugge is an arms manufacturer in based in Herstal, Belgium.	Forges de Zeebrugge	Herstal
headquarters location	Alrifai is a Lebanese multinational nut retailing company headquartered in Beirut, Lebanon, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Alrifai International Holding Ltd. It is the largest nut retailing chain in the Middle East and the company with the biggest market share in Lebanon.	Alrifai	Beirut
headquarters location	Seiter & Miller Advertising is an independently owned, full service advertising agency based in New York City.	Seiter & Miller Advertising	New York City
headquarters location	Abitibi Power and Paper Company was a forest products business based in Montreal, Quebec that was founded in 1914.	Abitibi Power and Paper Company	Montreal
headquarters location	Vesuvius plc is a leading engineered ceramics company headquartered in London whose products are used by steelmakers and foundries as well as in the glass and solar energy industries.	Vesuvius plc	London
headquarters location	Excalibur Almaz is based in Douglas, Isle of Man, with offices in Houston and Moscow.	Excalibur Almaz	Douglas
headquarters location	Great Plains Energy Incorporated is a holding company based in Kansas City, Missouri that owns electric utility Kansas City Power and Light Company and Strategic Energy, LLC, an energy management company.	Great Plains Energy	Kansas City
headquarters location	In early 2007, DNE was split into two separate branches, Discovery Networks UK and Discovery Network EMEA, both headquartered in London.	Discovery Networks UK	London
headquarters location	Grundig Business Systems (GBS) is a German company located in Bayreuth and Nuremberg in Germany and employs 170 people.	Grundig Business Systems	Bayreuth
headquarters location	China Motor Corporation (CMC; Chinese: 中華汽車工業; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Qìchē Gōngyè) is an automobile manufacturer based in Taipei, Taiwan.	China Motor Corporation	Taipei
headquarters location	The People's Navy was headed by the Kommando der Volksmarine (People's Navy HQ Command) in Rostock-Gehlsdorf.	Volksmarine	Rostock
headquarters location	Narrative Science is a technology company based in Chicago, Illinois that invented Quill, an advanced natural language generation platform powered by artificial intelligence.	Narrative Science	Chicago
headquarters location	The Wasserstrom Company is restaurant supplier based in Columbus, Ohio with distribution centers located across North America.	Wasserstrom Company	Columbus
headquarters location	Good Technology, owned by BlackBerry Limited, is a mobile security provider headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, United States.	Good Technology	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Chonghaejin Marine Company Ltd. or Cheonghaejin Marine Company Ltd. (Hangul: 청해진해운; hanja: 淸海鎭海運; RR: cheong-hae-jin-hae-un) is a South Korean shipping company that operated the ferry MV Sewol that sank en route from Incheon towards Jeju on 16 April 2014.	Chonghaejin Marine	Incheon
headquarters location	Houlihan Lokey was founded in 1972 and is headquartered at Constellation Place in Century City, Los Angeles, California.	Houlihan Lokey	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Shriro Group is a private company headquartered in Hong Kong.	Shriro	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Parris Cues are a snooker cue maker headquartered in London.	Parris Cues	London
headquarters location	Chornomornaftogaz (also: Chernomorneftegaz, Ukrainian: Чорноморнафтогаз, Russian: Черноморнефтегаз, lit. ``Black Sea oil and gas'') is an oil and gas company located in Simferopol, Crimea.	Chornomornaftogaz	Simferopol
headquarters location	Petland Discounts is a privately owned chain of pet stores based in Brentwood, New York.	Petland Discounts	Brentwood, New York
headquarters location	IGEL Technology (/ˈaɪdʒɛl/ EYE-jell) is a developer, manufacturer and distributor of thin and zero client hardware and software headquartered in Bremen, Germany.	IGEL Technology	Bremen
headquarters location	Project Forum is a non-profit organisation established in 2006 in Bratislava, Slovakia.	Project Forum	Bratislava
headquarters location	Urban Retail Properties is a third-party retail management company based in Chicago.	Urban Retail Properties	Chicago
headquarters location	In 2012, Clearwire moved the company headquarters to Bellevue, Washington.	Clearwire	Bellevue
headquarters location	By the Summer of 2005, XMission worked out an agreement with Salt Lake City government to expand free wireless to many parts of downtown Salt Lake City, Utah.	XMission	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Moss Bros Group PLC is a public limited company set up in 1851 by Moses Moss in Covent Garden, London, UK.	Moss Bros Group	London
headquarters location	URW++ Design and Development GmbH, is a typeface foundry based in Hamburg Germany.	URW++	Hamburg
headquarters location	Epitome Music Library (EML) is an American-based multinational production music library located in Los Angeles, California that licenses music for film, television, commercials, video games, and other audio / video productions.	Epitome Music Library	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Flying Buffalo Incorporated (FBI) is a Scottsdale, Arizona game company that publishes role playing games, card games, gaming materials, and runs Play-by-mail games.	Flying Buffalo	Scottsdale
headquarters location	Pizza Brain is an American pizza culture museum and pizzeria, and home to the world's largest collection of pizza memorabilia and collectibles, headquartered in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia, United States, with the flagship restaurant on Frankford Avenue.	Pizza Brain	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Coillte (Irish pronunciation: (ˈkəilʲtʲə), meaning ``Forests''/``Woods'') is a state-sponsored company in Ireland, based in Newtownmountkennedy.	Coillte	Newtownmountkennedy
headquarters location	It is now known as Intermeccanica International Inc., and has since 1981 been based in Vancouver (Canada).	Intermeccanica	Vancouver
headquarters location	The Somalia Petroleum Corporation (SPC), also known as the Somalia Petroleum Company, is a hydrocarbon exploration and production firm based in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Somalia Petroleum Corporation	Mogadishu
headquarters location	Gyro-Kopp-Ters is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Lake City, Florida and founded by brothers Bob and Arden Kopp.	Gyro-Kopp-Ters	Lake City
headquarters location	Financial Clarity, Inc. is a multi-family office located in Mountain View, California.	Financial Clarity	Mountain View
headquarters location	Nationwide International is a branch of Nationwide Building Society, based in Douglas on the Isle of Man.	Nationwide International	Douglas
headquarters location	The International Olympic Committee (IOC; French: Comité international olympique, CIO) is an international, non-profit, non-governmental organization based in Lausanne, Switzerland, created by Pierre de Coubertin, on 23 June 1894 with Demetrios Vikelas as its first president.	International Olympic Committee	Lausanne
headquarters location	The corporation was founded in Linares, N.L., MEX, by the Rodriguez family, and has been passed down through generations, right now they reside in the city of Monterrey N.L as the base plate for Grupo Senda.	Grupo Senda	Monterrey
headquarters location	Brinly-Hardy Company is an American corporation located in Jeffersonville, Indiana.	Brinly-Hardy Company	Jeffersonville
headquarters location	After the war of independence, Perjan Pegadaian back to Jakarta and Pegadaian run by the Government of the Republic of Indonesia.	Pegadaian	Jakarta
headquarters location	The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters (Norwegian: Det Norske Videnskaps-Akademi, DNVA) is a learned society based in Oslo, Norway.	Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters	Oslo
headquarters location	Groupe BPCE owns more than 70% of Natixis while the remaining float is listed on the Paris Stock Exchange.	Natixis	Paris
headquarters location	From its headquarters in Paris, Twenga runs 14 websites for markets in the United States, UK, France, Spain, Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, Poland, Brazil, Russia, Australia, China and Japan.	Twenga	Paris
headquarters location	Hydroscand AB was established in Stockholm, 1969.	Hydroscand	Stockholm
headquarters location	Boxful is a Hong Kong company that provides self-storage box services.	Boxful	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Wildsmith Shoes is a high-end English handmade footwear manufacturer, founded in London in 1847 by husband and wife team, Matthew and Rebecca Wildsmith.	Wildsmith Shoes	London
headquarters location	Headquartered in Neckarsulm, Schwarz Gruppe achieved a turnover of nearly 80 billion euro in the fiscal year 2014/2015.	Schwarz Gruppe	Neckarsulm
headquarters location	Air Polonia was the first privately owned low-cost airline in Poland with its headquarters in Warsaw and its largest operations base at Warsaw Frédéric Chopin Airport.	Air Polonia	Warsaw
headquarters location	The Bethlehem Fairfield Shipyard of Baltimore, Maryland, was a shipyard in the United States from 1940 until 1945.	Bethlehem Fairfield Shipyard	Baltimore
headquarters location	Shelter Centre subsequently transitioned from being a UK NGO to a Swiss NGO in summer of 2008, relocating to Geneva.	Shelter Centre	Geneva
headquarters location	D2L Corporation, known until 2014 as Desire2Learn, is an educational technology company with corporate headquarters in Kitchener, Ontario.	D2L	Kitchener
headquarters location	Septentrio Satellite Navigation N.V. was incorporated in Leuven, Belgium, in January 2000 to commercialize the Satellite Navigation know-how developed at the Interuniversity Micro Electronics Center, the largest independent microelectronics R&D lab in Belgium.	Septentrio	Leuven
headquarters location	MicroUnity Systems Engineering, Inc. is a private company located in Los Altos, California and an early developer of broadband microprocessor technologies licensed widely across digital media industries.	MicroUnity	Los Altos
headquarters location	The New Sudan Education Initiative (NESEI) is a non-profit organization based in Colchester, Vermont in the United States, which is building secondary schools (high schools) throughout South Sudan, a region affected by war for nearly half a century.	New Sudan Education Initiative	Colchester
headquarters location	Healing Through Creativity abbreviated to HTC is an organization that holds an annual art, music, writing, poetry and other creative forms event each year in the states of West Virginia and Virginia, USA for survivors recovering from Trauma, Cancer, Sexual Abuse, Domestic Violence, Grief, Disability and Accidents.	Healing Through Creativity	West Virginia
headquarters location	Samsung Engineering Co., Ltd. (Korean: 삼성엔지니어링) was founded as the first engineering firm in Korea in 1970 and has its headquarters based in Seoul, South Korea.	Samsung Engineering	Seoul
headquarters location	Gentle Giant Moving Company, Inc. is a national moving company based in Somerville, Massachusetts.	Gentle Giant Moving Company	Somerville
headquarters location	Colonial Air Transport was an early airline that flew between New York City and Boston, Massachusetts.	Colonial Air Transport	New York City	Boston
headquarters location	The National LGBT Federation (NXF) is a non-governmental organisation in Dublin, Ireland, which focuses on lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) rights.	National LGBT Federation	Dublin
headquarters location	EFCO is a civil company based in Des Moines, Iowa.	EFCO	Des Moines
headquarters location	FairPoint Communications, Inc. is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, and operates communication services in 31 markets in 17 states, mostly in rural areas.	FairPoint Communications	Charlotte
headquarters location	New Balance Athletic Shoe, Inc. (NBAS), best known as simply New Balance, is an American footwear manufacturer based in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	New Balance	Boston
headquarters location	On April 2, 1990 the founding council composed of the detachment commanders of the Army of Independence proclaimed the establishment of the Republican Party of Armenia in Yerevan and became the first officially registered socio-political organization in the Republic of Armenia (registered on May 14, 1991).	Republican Party of Armenia	Yerevan
headquarters location	Jack in the Box is an American fast-food restaurant chain founded February 21, 1951 by Robert O. Peterson in San Diego, California, where it is headquartered.	Jack in the Box	San Diego
headquarters location	The Banque Martin Maurel is a French private bank headquartered in Marseille.	Banque Martin Maurel	Marseille
headquarters location	Verran Sparebank was a Norwegian savings bank, located at Venneshamn in Mosvik municipality from 1907 to 2006.	Verran Sparebank	Mosvik
headquarters location	Units of the Philippine Division were on security missions at Manila, Fort William McKinley, and Bataan prior to the declaration of war in the Pacific, 8 December 1941.	Philippine Division	Fort William McKinley
headquarters location	National Mobile Television (NMT) was a Los Angeles-based television broadcasting industry corporation that operated a fleet of mobile television units.	National Mobile Television	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Altendorf GmbH & Co. KG Maschinenbau, located in Minden, Germany, is a producer of sliding table saw and panel saw used in cabinetry and carpentry.	Altendorf GmbH	Minden
headquarters location	Potion Design is a private interactive design firm located in New York City.	Potion Design	New York City
headquarters location	Azerbaijan State Marine Academy (ASMA) (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Dövlət Dəniz Akademiyası (ADDA)) is a public university located in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Azerbaijan State Marine Academy	Baku
headquarters location	National Positions'' headquarters are in Los Angeles.	National Positions	Los Angeles
headquarters location	BES Utilities is a UK-based, independently owned group of companies, comprising Business Energy Solutions Ltd, BES Commercial Electricity Ltd and BES Telecom Ltd. With offices based in Fleetwood, Lancashire, BES Utilities provides commercial electricity, gas, and business telecommunications in the United Kingdom.	BES Utilities	Fleetwood
headquarters location	Today, Bedat & Co is owned by LuxuryConcepts SA, a Geneva-based firm.	Bedat & Co	Geneva
headquarters location	Jacobsen Manufacturing was founded around the turn of the 20th century as a pattern-making shop by Knud Jacobsen, a Danish immigrant who came to Racine, Wisconsin, in 1891.	Jacobsen Manufacturing	Racine
headquarters location	Airblue operates scheduled flights operating 30 daily services linking four domestic destinations Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi and Peshawar with international services to Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Sharjah and Muscat.	Airblue	Karachi
headquarters location	Switzer Entertainment Group is an American independent film production and film finance company founded by Richard Switzer and based in Los Angeles, California.	Switzer Entertainment Group	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Gomaco Trolley Company is a manufacturer of vintage-style streetcars (alternatively called trolleys in the USA, or trams in much of the world), located in Ida Grove, Iowa, United States.	Gomaco Trolley Company	Ida Grove
headquarters location	MerchantCircle is a San Ramon, California-based start-up company which helps small businesses network with other local businesses and reach local customers through free marketing tools and social media features.	MerchantCircle	San Ramon
headquarters location	Custom Bus (previously Custom Coaches) is an Australian bus bodybuilder in Villawood, New South Wales.	Custom Bus	Villawood, New South Wales
headquarters location	Zhejiang Green Field Motor Co. is a relatively new automotive manufacturer based in Hangzhou Bay, Zhejiang, China.	Green Field Motor	Hangzhou Bay
headquarters location	Hormel Foods Corporation is an American food company based in Austin, Minnesota that produces Spam luncheon meat.	Hormel	Austin
headquarters location	In 2003, Shure moved into new corporate headquarters in Niles, Illinois, into a building designed by architect Helmut Jahn that was originally the headquarters of HA	Shure	Niles, Illinois
headquarters location	The North Coast Brewing Company is a brewery and pub in Fort Bragg, California, USA.	North Coast Brewing Company	Fort Bragg
headquarters location	Hess's was a department store chain based in Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Hess's	Allentown
headquarters location	MoSys, Inc. is a publicly traded fabless semiconductor company based in Santa Clara, California that sells solutions for data path connectivity, speed and intelligence while eliminating data access bottlenecks on line cards and systems scaling from 100G to multi-terabits per second.	MoSys	Santa Clara
headquarters location	Wing Enterprises is a Springville, Utah company, and the largest manufacturer of American-made ladders.	Wing Enterprises	Springville
headquarters location	The Harzwasserwerke GmbH (Harz Water Works Limited) is a major German water company and dam operator based in Hildesheim, located within the German federal state of Lower Saxony.	Harzwasserwerke	Hildesheim
headquarters location	Amec Foster Wheeler plc is a British multinational consultancy, engineering and project management company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Amec Foster Wheeler	London
headquarters location	Geomerics is a software company based in Cambridge, UK, that specialises in creating lighting technology for the video game industry.	Geomerics	Cambridge
headquarters location	Gevo, Inc. is a renewable chemicals and advanced biofuels company headquartered in unincorporated Douglas County, Colorado in the Denver-Aurora metropolitan area.	Gevo, Inc	Douglas County
headquarters location	High West Distillery is a manufacturer of distilled spirits located in Park City, Utah, United States.	High West Distillery	Park City
headquarters location	Creekstone Farms Premium Beef, LLC is a beef processing company located in Arkansas City, Kansas.	Creekstone Farms Premium Beef	Arkansas City
headquarters location	Tuncer Cakmakli Architects is a Turkish Architecture office, founded by Tuncer Cakmakli in 1992 in Istanbul, Turkey, realized local and international projects.	Tuncer Cakmakli Architects	Istanbul
headquarters location	2XL Games, Inc., founded in 2005, is video game development studio based in Phoenix, Arizona.	2XL Games	Phoenix
headquarters location	Dogfish Head Brewery is a brewing company based in Milton, Delaware founded by Sam Calagione.	Dogfish Head Brewery	Milton
headquarters location	In 2008, Boston, MA USA based Industry Directions, a research firm specialising in shop floor and supply chain solutions, merged its operations with Cambashi to form Cambashi Inc..	Cambashi	Boston
headquarters location	Optical 88 (Chinese: 眼鏡88) is one of the famous eyewear stores in Hong Kong.	Optical 88	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Surgical Technology programs at the North-West College West Covina and Riverside campuses are accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP).	North-West College	West Covina
headquarters location	Bikanervala is an Indian sweets and snacks manufacturer based in Delhi, India.	Bikanervala	Delhi
headquarters location	The Scottish Midland Co-operative Society, trading as Scotmid Co-operative, is an independent retail consumers' co-operative which originated in the Scottish Midlands, particularly Edinburgh and the Lothians.	Scotmid	Edinburgh
headquarters location	Ferngrove Vineyards (often referred to simply as Ferngrove) is an Australian winery based at Frankland River, in the Great Southern wine region of Western Australia.	Ferngrove Vineyards	Frankland River
headquarters location	Fire & Flavor is a privately held cooking products company located in Athens, Georgia.	Fire & Flavor	Athens
headquarters location	After serving the Indian army for 22 years, Lt Col HS Bedi took voluntary retirement and founded his company Tulip IT Services, then Tulip Software Pvt Ltd, in 1994 and today it is known as Tulip Telecom Ltd. Bedi started the company with four employees in New Delhi as a software reseller.	Tulip Telecom	New Delhi
headquarters location	The Sindh Bank Limited is a Pakistani scheduled bank headquartered in Karachi.	Sindh Bank	Karachi
headquarters location	Dodge is an American brand of cars, minivans, and sport utility vehicles manufactured by FCA US LLC (formerly known as Chrysler Group LLC), based in Auburn Hills, Michigan.	Dodge	Auburn Hills, Michigan
headquarters location	The Desoutter Aircraft Company was a British aircraft manufacturer based in Croydon.	Desoutter Aircraft Company	Croydon
headquarters location	Sabritas was founded in 1943 by Pedro Antonio Marcos Noriega as Golosinas y Productos Selectos in Mexico City.	Sabritas	Mexico City
headquarters location	Fedrigoni is a large manufacturer of paper in Italy which owns 5 paper mills in Verona, Arco di Trento, Riva del Garda, Fabriano and Pioraco with a total capacity of 350,000 tonnes/year.	Fedrigoni	Verona
headquarters location	Domino Recording Company, generally known as Domino, is a British independent record label based in London.	Domino Recording Company	London
headquarters location	Honda Aero, Inc. (HAI), a wholly owned subsidiary of Honda Motor Co., Ltd., is headquartered in Burlington, North Carolina at the Burlington - Alamance Regional Airport.	Honda Aero	Burlington
headquarters location	Overaa Construction is an American family-owned construction company based in Richmond, California, which provides general contracting and design/build services in Northern California.	Overaa Construction	Richmond
inception	The Konica Minolta Maxxum 5D (its North American market name; labelled Dynax 5D in Europe/Hong Kong and α-5 Digital and α Sweet Digital in Japan; officially named DG-5D) was a digital single-lens reflex camera introduced by Konica Minolta in 2005.	Konica Minolta Maxxum 5D	2005
inception	The International Brain Research Organization (IBRO) is a learned society that was founded in 1961 in response to the growing demand from neuroscientists in many countries for the creation of a central organization that would cut across world boundaries and improve communication and collaboration among brain researchers.	International Brain Research Organization	1961
inception	Virgin Experience Days is an experience day company launched in 2001 and part of Richard Branson's Virgin Group.	Virgin Experience Days	2001
inception	Fortune Brands Home & Security was created on October 3, 2011 from part of the former Fortune Brands holding company.	Fortune Brands Home & Security	2011
inception	The Sam Wanamaker Award or Sam Wanamaker Prize is an award established in 1994 for pioneering work in Shakespearean theatre, usually given to individuals who have worked closely with Shakespeare's Globe or the Royal Shakespeare Company; the award is not specific to artistic contribution, and has frequently been granted to businessmen and academics.	Sam Wanamaker Award	1994
inception	ARY Zindagi was first aired on 5 April 2014 as a test run available on AsiaSat 3S 105.5 Degree East.	ARY Zindagi	2014
inception	To consolidate the businesses of both coking and non-coking coal under one entity, a formal holding company in the form of Coal India Limited was formed in November 1975 to manage both the companies.	Coal India	November 1975
inception	In January 2005, the Memorial Center changed its name to the Dallas Holocaust Museum/Center for Education & Tolerance, and moved to its present, temporary location in downtown Dallas.	Dallas Holocaust Museum/Center for Education & Tolerance	2005
inception	Deseret Digital Media was formed in 2009 to run the website operations of DeseretNews.com, KSL.com, DeseretBook.com, MormonTimes.com, LDSChurchNews.com, FM100.com, and 1035TheArrow.com.	Deseret Digital Media	2009
inception	Ellegarden (stylized as ELLEGARDEN) was a Japanese punk rock band formed in December 1998 in Chiba.	Ellegarden	1998
inception	God Lives Underwater was an industrial rock band from rural Perkiomenville, Pennsylvania (near Philadelphia), formed in 1993 by band members David Reilly and Jeff Turzo.	God Lives Underwater	1993
inception	Racing 92 (French pronunciation: ​(ʁasiŋ ka.tʁə.vɛ̃.duz)) is a French rugby union club based in suburban Paris that was formed in 2001 with the collaboration of the Racing Club de France and US Métro.	Racing 92	2001
inception	In 2003, Subaru of America, Inc., located just across the river in Cherry Hill, NJ, increased its support of the cherry tree planting project with title sponsorship, and the Subaru Cherry Blossom Festival of Greater Philadelphia was born.	Subaru Cherry Blossom Festival of Greater Philadelphia	2003
inception	Metaldays is a heavy metal music festival held annually in Tolmin, Slovenia since 2004.	Metaldays	2004
inception	Founded in 1992 by Mark Milne, Sandy McIntosh and Tim Potocic of the band Tristan Psionic, Sonic Unyon is one of the largest independent labels in Canada.	Sonic Unyon	1992
inception	The 24 October Movement started as a resistance group on 24 October 1999, and was given its title by foreign intelligence agencies.	24 October Movement	1999
inception	Perfume Tree was a band from Vancouver, British Columbia that existed from 1991 until December 1999.	Perfume Tree	1991
inception	The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics is a non-profit institution that was established in 1990.	The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics	1990
inception	Wolf Alice are a four-piece alternative rock band from North London, formed initially as a two-person band in 2010.	Wolf Alice	2010
inception	From 1968 until 1997, Universal Creative was known as MCA Planning and Development.	Universal Creative	1968
inception	The airline was established by the Seychelles government on 15 September 1977, following the merger of Air Mahé and Inter-Island Airways, as Seychelles Airlines and adopted the present title of Air Seychelles, in September 1978.	Air Seychelles	1978
inception	Owned by AMC Networks International Iberia, Odisea was founded in 1996, and was one of the first ever Iberian cable channels.	Odisea	1996
inception	The Mosques and Imams National Advisory Board (MINAB) originated in the United Kingdom on 27 June 2006 with the aim of promoting best practice in British mosques.	Mosques and Imams National Advisory Board	27 June 2006
inception	Idealab was founded by Bill Gross (not the same Bill Gross of PIMCO) in March 1996.	Idealab	1996
inception	The Tulane University School of Liberal Arts (SLA) is a part of Tulane University and was created in the fall of 2005, pursuant to a university-wide Renewal Plan which in part separated the School of Liberal Arts from the School of Science and Engineering.	Tulane University School of Liberal Arts	2005
inception	Rede Record de Televisão also known simply as Record, is a Brazilian television network, founded in 1953 by Paulo Machado de Carvalho, also founder of Rádio Record.	Rede Record	1953
inception	In October 2015 the party was enlarged to some members of Democratic Sicily and rebranded Pact of Democrats for Reforms --	Pact of Democrats for Reforms	2015
inception	The Perfume Shop is a United Kingdom perfume retailer founded in 1992.	The Perfume Shop	1992
inception	The Vatican Museums trace their origin to one marble sculpture, purchased 500 years ago: the sculpture of Laocoön and his Sons was discovered 14 January 1506, in a vineyard near the basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome.	Vatican Museums	1506
inception	Messana O'Rorke was founded in 1996 in New York City, the firm believes in the inherent ability of design to enhance the quality of life, and so aim to operate at the point where architecture, contemporary culture and current technology meet.	Messana O'Rorke	1996
inception	Wacker Chemie AG is a worldwide operating company in the chemical business, founded 1914.	Wacker Chemie	1914
inception	Zingo Transportation, Inc. was a company founded in October 2005 by Atlanta entrepreneurs Jim Valentine and Charles Barfield.	Zingo Transportation	2005
inception	Unirule Institute of Economics (Chinese Tianze) is a Chinese think tank established in Beijing, China in 1993.	Unirule Institute of Economics	1993
inception	Alereon was spun off from Time Domain Corporation of Huntsville, Alabama, in August 2003 taking with it a number of engineers, executives, and patents from its parent company.	Alereon	2003
inception	Since its founding in 1888, the company has been wholly owned by the Bucherer family, making Carl F. Bucherer one of the oldest luxury Swiss watchmakers continuously held by the founding family.	Carl F. Bucherer	1888
inception	Submission Hold were a Canadian punk band from Vancouver active from 1993 to 2005.	Submission Hold	1993
inception	The company was founded in 1988 by two brothers, engineer Martin Wiesmann and businessman Friedhelm Wiesmann.	Wiesmann	1988
inception	The University of Glamorgan was founded in 1913 as a School of Mines based in Trefforest, Pontypridd, serving the large coal mining industry in the South Wales Valleys.	University of Glamorgan	1913
inception	Netaji Subhas Mahavidyalaya, also known as Haldibari College, established in 1985, is general degree college in Haldibari.	Netaji Subhas Mahavidyalaya	1985
inception	In 2005, at a meeting held at the offices of the American Psychological Association, the Society for Occupational Health Psychology was formally founded, with Leslie Hammer of Portland State University as president.	Society for Occupational Health Psychology	2005
inception	The corporation was established in 1933 by the Home Owners' Loan Corporation Act under the leadership of President Franklin D. Roosevelt.	Home Owners' Loan Corporation	1933
inception	L.F. Rothschild (later known as L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin) was a merchant and investment banking firm based in the United States and founded in 1899.	L.F. Rothschild	1899
inception	Three Rivers Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Kelso, Washington that opened in 1987, on the site of a former golf course, adjacent to Intersate 5.	Three Rivers Mall	1987
inception	Ben & Florentine was founded in 2008 in Saint-Laurent, Quebec and the first restaurant opened in Vaudreuil-Dorion, Quebec.	Ben & Florentine	2008
inception	In November 1755, Pasquale Paoli proclaimed Corsica a sovereign nation, the Corsican Republic, independent from the Republic of Genoa.	Corsican Republic	1755
inception	Since opening in 1999, Ground Kontrol has undergone several changes.	Ground Kontrol	1999
inception	The Clark County Regional Flood Control District (CCRFCD) was created in 1985 by the Nevada Legislature allowing Clark County to provide broad solutions to flooding problems.	Clark County Regional Flood Control District	1985
inception	Tricot Machine was a Canadian indie pop band, active from 2005 to 2012.	Tricot Machine	2005
inception	Socialist Resistance of Kazakhstan was established by Kazakh members of the Committee for a Workers International in 2002, during a conference held in neighbouring Russia.	Socialist Resistance of Kazakhstan	2002
inception	Waves under Water is a Swedish darkwave/synthpop band formed in October 2007 by the singer Angelica Segerbäck and the composer Johan Svärdshammar.	Waves under Water	2007
inception	Bank Central Asia (BCA); (simplified Chinese: 中亚银行; traditional Chinese: 中亞銀行; pinyin: Zhōng Yà Yínháng), is an Indonesian bank founded on August 10, 1955.	Bank Central Asia	1955
inception	The Third Sex was a popular American queercore band formed in 1993, in Portland, Oregon.	The Third Sex	1993
inception	Tofaş (acronym for Türk Otomobil Fabrikası Anonim Şirketi; pronounced (tofaʃ)) is a Turkish automaker which was established in 1968 by Vehbi Koç, who was the founder of Koç Holding, based in Bursa, Turkey where the manufacturing plant of the company is located.	Tofaş	1968
inception	Supersuckers was formed in November 1988 as The Black Supersuckers in Tucson, Arizona.	Supersuckers	1988
inception	Nok Nok Labs was founded in 2011 by security veterans from PGP, Netscape, Paypal and Phoenix Technologies with funding from DCM and ONSET Ventures.	Nok Nok Labs	2011
inception	Core the Child (typeset as CoЯe The Child) was a Japanese visual kei rock/metal band formed in 2004, and was predecessor to the successful visual kei band Unsraw.	Core the Child	2004
inception	Suffrajett released their self-titled debut album on February 2, 2003, and their latest album Black Glitter was released on January 1, 2007.	Suffrajett	2003
inception	Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines University (Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines, UVSQ) is a French public university created in 1991, located in the department of Yvelines and since 2002 in Hauts-de-Seine.	Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines University	1991
inception	The Battalion officially received its Unit flag and Colours on 14 April 1987 when it was named 7 Medical Battalion Group and incorporated into the South African Medical Service (now the South African Military Health Service).	7 Medical Battalion Group	1987
inception	In April 2003, CKD Galbraith was formed through the merger of the Scottish offices of Cluttons with CKD Finlayson Hughes.	CKD Galbraith	2003
inception	TTV Finance (Chinese: 台視財經台, Pinyin: Tái shì cáijīng tái) is a digital television channel operated by Taiwan Television (TTV) in Taiwan, launched on September 1, 2004.	TTV Finance	2004
inception	WQQQ went on the air on October 7, 1993 with a live morning show from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. followed by a simulcast of then-sister station WREF (850 AM).	WQQQ	1993
inception	Stockmann was established in 1862 and celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2012.	Stockmann	1862
inception	The railway formally began operations on December 1, 2005 with the conclusion of an agreement between the three owners of Tshiuetin Rail Transportation and the owners of the Quebec North Shore and Labrador Railway, Rail Enterprises Incorporated and Iron Ore Company of Canada.	Tshiuetin Rail Transportation	2005
inception	The SSV Glött was formed on 28 May 1949 and entered league football in the following year.	SSV Glött	1949
inception	The European Banking Federation (abbreviated EBF or FBE in French) was established in 1960.	European Banking Federation	1960
inception	Formed in October 2006, A Different Breed of Killer quickly made a name for themselves in the deathcore scene.	A Different Breed of Killer	2006
inception	The Physical Science Study Committee was inaugurated at MIT in 1956 to review introductory physics education and to design, implement and monitor improvements.	Physical Science Study Committee	1956
inception	K22JA-D was started in 1990 as K47DF by Paloma Broadcasting (which the Roman Catholic Diocese of Corpus Christi had a stake in).	K22JA-D	1990
inception	The Fighting Whites (alternatively identified as Fightin' Whites, Fighting Whities, or Fightin' Whities) were an intramural basketball team formed at the University of Northern Colorado in 2002 and named in response to the Native American mascot controversy.	Fighting Whites	2002
inception	Univa was founded in 2004 under the name Univa Corporation by Carl Kesselman, Ian Foster, and Steve Tuecke and was at that time primarily known for providing open source products and technical support based around the Globus Toolkit.	Univa	2004
inception	The November Uprising (1830--31), Polish--	November Uprising	1830
inception	KUJH-LP began testing on February 10, 1995.	KUJH-LP	1995
inception	Often referred to as ``NAK'', Nu Alpha Kappa was founded on February 26, 1988 on the campus of California Polytechnic State University, with 26 established chapters across California, Nevada, and Colorado.	Nu Alpha Kappa	1988
inception	The Canon EOS 30D is an 8.2-megapixel semi-professional digital single-lens reflex camera, initially announced on February 21, 2006.	Canon EOS 30D	2006
inception	Borqs was founded in September 2007 and has offices in China, India, and the US.	Borqs	2007
inception	Pepeganga Margarita Fútbol Club (usually called Pepeganga Margarita) is a professional club founded on 1985 and the club has won one Second Division title in 1986-87 season.	Pepeganga Margarita	1985
inception	FCAK-Liberia was founded in 2008 after they participated in 2007 season as Mark Professionals.	FCAK-Liberia	2008
inception	The William C. Carter Award is a technical award presented annually since 1997 for individuals whose graduate dissertation research has made an important contribution to the field of dependable computing.	William C. Carter Award	1997
inception	The International Tibet Independence Movement (ITIM) is a non-profit organization, founded on 18 March 1995, that supports Tibetan independence from the People's Republic of China: ``only independence for Tibet can ensure the survival of the Tibetan land and its people, culture, and religion.''	International Tibet Independence Movement	1995
inception	The Rapallo Carige Prize (Premio Rapallo Carige per la donna scrittrice) is an Italian literary prize, established in 1985 by the Municipality of Rapallo and the Carige Bank (Banca Carige).	Rapallo Carige Prize	1985
inception	FC Bataysk-2007 (Russian: ФК Батайск-2007) was a Russian association football club from Bataysk, founded in 1998 and playing on the professional level since 2007 until 2010.	FC Bataysk-2007	1998
inception	The idea for On the Road, Kerouac's second novel, was formed during the late 1940s in a series of notebooks, and then typed out on a continuous reel of paper during three weeks in April 1951.	On the Road	April 1951
inception	Kirat Yakthung Chumlung (1989) is a social organization of the Limbu indigenous ethnic group of Nepal.	Kirat Yakthung Chumlung	1989
inception	Texans for Public Justice (TPJ) is an Austin-based non-profit group founded in 1997 to take on political corruption and corporate abuses in Texas, USA.	Texans for Public Justice	1997
inception	XS Latin was formed in 1997 by eX Students of Cambridge University, many of whom started dancing in competitions run by the Inter Varsity Dance Association.	XS Latin	1997
inception	Medical Academy of the Lithuanian University of Health Sciences was founded in 1919 and from 1922 it was a Faculty of Medicine of University of Lithuania.	Lithuanian University of Health Sciences	1922
inception	Mols-Linien was formed by DFDS in 1964 sailings commenced on 18 May 1966.	Mols-Linien	1964
inception	The White Eagle Museum (Polish: Muzeum im. Orła Białego) is a Polish military museum located in the town of Skarżysko-Kamienna in the central Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, opened in 1969.	White Eagle Museum	1969
inception	In 1999, Pnau officially released their debut album Sambanova under the independent label Peking Duck.	Pnau	1999
inception	Izumi Chuo was founded in 1950 and renamed as Izumi Chuo High School in 1985.	Izumi Chuo High School	1950
inception	It was renamed to Vietnamobile in 2009, accompanied by the adoption of GSM technology to replace the less popular CDMA.	Vietnamobile	2009
inception	IXI Limited was a Cambridge, UK-based software company founded in 1988.	IXI Limited	1988
inception	Gafsa Radio is a public local radio station created on November 7, 1991.	Gafsa Radio	1991
inception	The Style Council were an English band formed in Woking in 1983 by Paul Weller, the former singer and guitarist with the punk rock band The Jam, and keyboardist Mick Talbot, previously a member of Dexys Midnight Runners, The Bureau and The Merton Parkas.	The Style Council	1983
inception	Volkswagen India Pvt Ltd is a division of the Volkswagen Group India, founded in 2007.	Volkswagen India	2007
inception	The Nova Scotia Mass Choir, founded in 1992, is a choral ensemble based in Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Nova Scotia Mass Choir	1992
inception	Leader Cheetah are an Australian indie rock band from Adelaide, South Australia, formed in 2007 by members of defunct Adelaide bands Pharaohs and Bad Girls of the Bible.	Leader Cheetah	2007
inception	Maakhir State proclaimed autonomy at a 1 July 2007 ceremony in Badhan in response to overlapping claims of Somaliland and Puntland over the western Sanaag and western Bari, both of which have led to several gun battles over control of the territory between Somaliland and Puntland.	Maakhir	2007
inception	Stonehoney has been touring extensively since 2007 and has released one album, The Cedar Creek Sessions.	Stonehoney	2007
inception	Founded by Amin Khoury in 1987, B/E Aerospace has evolved from a $3 million company to $2.6 billion in revenue, making it the world's leading manufacturer of aircraft interior products and solutions for the commercial, business jet, and military markets.	B/E Aerospace	1987
inception	The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is an international financial institution founded in 1991.	European Bank for Reconstruction and Development	1991
inception	The Nacionalista Party (Filipino: Partido Nasyonalista and Spanish: Partido Nacionalista) is the oldest political party in the Philippines today and was responsible for leading the country throughout the majority of the 20th century since its founding in 1907.	Nacionalista Party	1907
inception	The Longview Cherokees were a Big State League baseball team based in Longview, Texas that existed in 1952.	Longview Cherokees	1952
inception	The Abu Dhabi HSBC Golf Championship is a European Tour golf tournament that was staged for the first time in January 2006.	Abu Dhabi HSBC Golf Championship	2006
inception	In September 2002, Indian-American businessman Sanjay Puri and Vikram Chauhan formally established the United States India Political Action Committee (USINPAC), a non-profit political action committee based in Washington, D.C..	United States India Political Action Committee	September 2002
inception	Prikosnovénie (Russian: Прикоснове́ние) is a French independent record label founded in Nantes in 1990 by Frédéric Chaplain and Sabine Adélaïde who moved to its current home in the medieval city of Clisson in 2001.	Prikosnovénie	1990
inception	Montfort Community has been constituted by the decree of the 14th of December 1992.	Montfort Community	1992
inception	The Royal Society of British Artists (RBA) is a British art body established in 1823 as the Society of British Artists, as an alternative to the Royal Academy.	Royal Society of British Artists	1823
inception	In 2007, Plant began releasing remixes under the moniker Miami Horror; their instantaneous blog success led him to leave film school and pursue a career in music.	Miami Horror	2007
inception	The Worship Network was founded in 1992 by Lowell W. ``Bud'' Paxson, co-founder of HSN, who later founded the PAX TV Network (now ION Television).	The Worship Network	1992
inception	Bucksburn Academy opened in late October 2009 and replaced the existing Bankhead Academy.	Bucksburn Academy	2009
inception	Live with No Audience (1998) Philmore (2000) The Bare Truth About Philmore (2002) Demolition (2005)	Philmore	1998
inception	La Sept was a French television broadcaster and production company created on 23 February 1986 to develop cultural and educational programming for transmission via the TDF 1 satellite.	La Sept	1986
inception	Founded in 2006 by Nicholas Miller and Bradley Rotter, AirPatrol Corporation is a U.S corporation, registered in the State of Nevada.	AirPatrol Corporation	2006
inception	Grotrian-Steinweg's history dates back to 1835 when the first Steinweg piano factory was built by Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg (later known as Henry Steinway after his emigration to the US where he founded Steinway & Sons).	Grotrian-Steinweg	1835
inception	PlanetOut Inc. was a public media and entertainment company founded by Tom Rielly in 1995, exclusively targeting the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) demographic.	PlanetOut Inc.	1995
inception	Chip 1 Exchange was established in 2001 when electronic industry veterans Sasan Tabib, Damon Pouya, and Volkan Sanverdi merged their companies, Fast Line Exchange and Chip 1 Technology.	Chip 1 Exchange	2001
inception	Brash Books is an American crime fiction imprint founded in 2014 by authors Lee Goldberg and Joel Goldman.	Brash Books	2014
inception	The Bellbirds formed in 2009 in Auckland, New Zealand.	The Bellbirds	2009
inception	Star Health and Allied Insurance Co Ltd commenced its operations in 2006 with the business interests in Health Insurance, Overseas Mediclaim Policy and Personal Accident.	Star Health and Allied Insurance	2006
inception	The Southwark Cathedral Merbecke Choir was established in late 2003 to provide a choir for ex-cathedral choristers (boys and girls) to continue singing.	Southwark Cathedral Merbecke Choir	2003
inception	The concept of Veteran Tickets Foundation was developed when Disabled Veteran Michael Focareto (US Navy) attended the 2008 Super Bowl in Phoenix, AZ.	Veteran Tickets Foundation	2008
inception	Hendrick Motorsports (HMS), originally named All Star Racing, is a current American auto racing team created in 1984 by Rick Hendrick.	Hendrick Motorsports	1984
inception	The Unity for Democracy and Justice is an Ethiopian political party established on 20 June 2008 to contest the 2010 elections.	Unity for Democracy and Justice	2008
inception	The British Sikh Student Federation (B.S.S.F) is student body registered with the National Union of Students based in the United Kingdom, formed in late 2008 it is now one of the leading Sikh student groups in the United Kingdom.	British Sikh Student Federation	2008
inception	Os Travessos is a group of pagode created in the city of São Paulo by the members Rodriguinho, Fabinho, Rodrigão, Chorão, and Edimilson Salvino in the year of 1992.	Os Travessos	1992
inception	While a member of Rhapsody of Fire where he played guitar, Taca Heumemarerion formed The Kingslayer Saga in 1996 as a side-project.	The Kingslayer Saga	1996
inception	The Turkish Youth Association of Norway (Norwegian: Norges Tyrkiske Ungdomsforening, Turkish: Norvec Türk Gencleri Dernegi) was founded in 2001 and promotes the cultural, academic and social interests of Norwegian citizens with Turkish origin in Norway.	Turkish Youth Association of Norway	2001
inception	TalkSwitch was founded in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada in 1990 by entrepreneurs Jan Scheeren and Glen Collie.	TalkSwitch	1990
inception	Global Goods Partners (GGP) is a fair-trade nonprofit organization, founded in 2005, which provides support and U.S. market access to women-led cooperatives in the developing world.	Global Goods Partners	2005
inception	The United States Navy cleared the USS Edson on April 24, 2012, to become a part of the Saginaw Valley Naval Ship Museum.	Saginaw Valley Naval Ship Museum	2012
inception	The team was previously known as the Lethbridge Mounties from 1992-1995 before becoming the Lethbridge Black Diamonds from 1996-1998.	Lethbridge Black Diamonds	1992
inception	Laboratoire Agit'Art was an art collective founded in Dakar, Senegal in 1973 by writer and performer Youssouf John with goal of revitalising artistic production and critique institutional frameworks and the philosophy of Negritude in particular.	Laboratoire Agit'Art	1973
inception	Southern Isolation was a Southern rock group from Louisiana, USA, formed in 1995 by Phil Anselmo and then wife Stephanie Opal Weinstein.	Southern Isolation	1995
inception	Founded in 1990, after the Romanian Revolution, the Party of the Roma is the official political association of the Romani minority and consequently has one reserved seat in the Chamber of Deputies, regardless of its electoral performance.	Party of the Roma	1990
inception	Cornerstone Florida was an annual American Christian rock festival held in Orlando, Florida from 2003 to 2007, a satellite festival of the original Cornerstone Festival in Illinois.	Cornerstone Florida	2003
inception	The American Center for Voting Rights (ACVR) was a non-profit organization founded by Mark F. ``Thor'' Hearne that operated from March 2005 to May 2007 and pushed for laws to reduce voter intimidation and voter fraud, and supported requiring photo ID for voters.	American Center for Voting Rights	2005
inception	Assembled parcel by parcel since September 1978, Skywalker Ranch has cost Lucas up to US$100 million, according to the Wall Street Journal.	Skywalker Ranch	1978
inception	Polish Water Ice was founded in 1997 by Thomas B. Curyto, Sr. He opened his first store in Ocean City, New Jersey.	Polish Water Ice	1997
inception	Renntech is a Florida company established in 1989 by Hartmut Feyhl.	Renntech	1989
inception	Jungsan High School is a man's private school founded in 1994.	Jungsan High School	1994
inception	Angel Trains is a British rolling stock operating company (ROSCO) created in 1994 as part of the privatisation of British Rail.	Angel Trains	1994
inception	The post was created by President Jacob Zuma, in his cabinet announced on 10 May 2009; it partially replaced the posts of Minister of Environmental Affairs and Tourism and Minister of Water Affairs and Forestry.	Minister of Environmental Affairs	10 May 2009
inception	The Royal Museum of Fine Arts Antwerp (Dutch: Koninklijk Museum voor Schone Kunsten Antwerpen) is a museum in Antwerp, Belgium, founded in 1810, houses a collection of paintings, sculptures and drawings from the fourteenth to the twentieth centuries.	Royal Museum of Fine Arts Antwerp	1810
inception	Amber Oak is a Swedish band from Skellefteå, which was formed in 2008 by Erik Ekersund, Joseph Dahlberg and Albin Marklund.	Amber Oak	2008
inception	The Ladysmith Black Mambazo Foundation was set up in January 1999 by Ladysmith Black Mambazo lead singer and founder Joseph Shabalala.	Ladysmith Black Mambazo Foundation	1999
inception	Stikky was an American punk rock band, formed in Berkeley, California in 1985.	Stikky	1985
inception	The Lopez Family Foundation is an American nonprofit organization founded by sisters, Jennifer and Lynda Lopez in 2009.	Lopez Family Foundation	2009
inception	The Marian Movement of Priests (MMP) is a private association of Catholic clergy and lay associate members founded by Italian priest Fr. Stefano Gobbi in 1972.	Marian Movement of Priests	1972
inception	Rayalaseema University, Kurnool, came into existence, fulfilling the long-cherished dream of people of Kurnool district in the year 2008, by Act No. 29 of 2008 enacted by the Legislature of the State of Andhra Pradesh and published in the Andhra Pradesh Gazette on 24 September 2008.	Rayalaseema University	2008
inception	The Vienna International Film Festival, or Viennale, is a film festival taking place every October since 1960 in Vienna, Austria.	Vienna International Film Festival	1960
inception	Qloo is based in New York, and was founded in 2012 by chief executive officer Alex Elias, formerly a hedge fund manager with APE Capital, and chief operating officer Jay Alger, formerly CEO of digital agency Deepend.	Qloo	2012
inception	Croatian Youth Party (Croatian: Hrvatska stranka mladih, HSM) was a Croatian youth party founded in 2004, with 1500 members in 2005.	Croatian Youth Party	2005
inception	Radha Krishna Gupta Adarsh Vidyalaya Inter College was established in 1952 with the objective of catering to the educational requirements of the densely populated East Dildar Nagar area.	Adarsh Vidyalaya Inter College	1952
inception	Empire Mates Entertainment (stylized as E.M.E) is a Nigerian record label founded by Banky W in 2002.	Empire Mates Entertainment	2002
inception	The Harry Potter Automatic News Aggregator, or HPANA, as it is better known, was a Harry Potter fansite created in 2002 to monitor news on the Internet about J. K. Rowling's series of novels about the eponymous wizard.	HPANA	2002
inception	Athens University of Economics and Business (AUEB; Greek: Οικονομικό Πανεπιστήμιο Αθηνών, Oikonomiko Panepistimio Athinon, abbrev. Ο.Π.Α.; OPA) was founded in 1920 in Athens, Greece.	Athens University of Economics and Business	1920
inception	The company was founded, as Escher Wyss & Cie., in 1805 by Hans Caspar Escher and Salomon von Wyss.	Escher Wyss & Cie.	1805
inception	The Milton Bradley Company is an American board game company established by Milton Bradley in Springfield, Massachusetts, in 1860.	Milton Bradley Company	1860
inception	Steam Powered Giraffe (SPG) is a musical project formed in San Diego in 2008 that is popular in the steampunk subculture.	Steam Powered Giraffe	2008
inception	Earnshaw Books was founded in 2007 by CEO Graham Earnshaw.	Earnshaw Books	2007
inception	The University of Virginia Center for Politics was founded in 1998 by professor and political analyst Larry J. Sabato to put into practice his belief that ``Politics is a good thing!''	University of Virginia Center for Politics	1998
inception	The Tokyo Anime Award started from 2002, but was named in 2005.	Tokyo Anime Award	2002
inception	The Formula V8 3.5, formerly the World Series by Nissan from 1998 to 2004 and the Formula Renault 3.5 Series is a motor racing series, promoted by RPM Racing (since 1998) and Renault Sport (from 2005 to 2015).	Formula V8 3.5	2005
inception	Founded in 1972 by Ronald Stordahl, its name is a reference to the ``Digi-Keyer Kit'', a digital electronic keyer kit that he developed and marketed to amateur radio enthusiasts.	Digi-Key	1972
inception	Established in 1988 as Korea Tourism University, Gyeongju University originally consisted of five departments: the Department of Tourism Business Administration, the Department of Tourism and Public Administration, the Department of Tourism Development, the Department of Cultural Assets and The Department of English and Tourism.	Gyeongju University	1988
inception	Bhutan Cricket Council Board is Bhutan's representative at the International Cricket Council and is an affiliate member and has been a member of that body since 2001.	Bhutan Cricket Council Board	2001
inception	The Mayor of Salford is a directly elected post created in 2012 for the City of Salford in Greater Manchester.	Mayor of Salford	2012
inception	Malinche Entertainment was an interactive fiction development and publishing business founded by Howard Sherman in 2002.	Malinche Entertainment	2002
inception	John Paul II Catholic School was established in 1988 as a private independent Catholic School and is fully accredited with the Texas Education Agency through the Texas Catholic Conference Accreditation Commission.	John Paul II Catholic School	1988
inception	Ming Pao was first published on 20 May 1959, and was founded by the famous Chinese wuxia novelist Louis Cha, known better by his pseudonym Jinyong (金庸), and his friend, Shen Pao Sing (沈寶新).	Ming Pao	20 May 1959
inception	It was founded to take care of spin-offs from the bankrupt company Stardent in 1991 under the name NDI and incorporated in 1992 as Net Daemons Associates (aka NDA).	Net Daemons Associates	1991
inception	An ensemble of professional singers founded in 1993 by Jonathan Miller, Chicago a cappella presents an annual Chicago-area subscription series, creates studio recordings as well as live and broadcast-media musical content, and gives performances on tour and in special engagements.	Chicago a cappella	1993
inception	Carlson founded Highway 101 in 1986 in Los Angeles, California, with guitarist Jack Daniels, bassist Curtis Stone (son of singer Cliffie Stone) and drummer Scott ``Cactus'' Moser, all three of whom were session musicians.	Highway 101	1986
inception	British Dressage as a separate organisation was set up in January 1998, and now has over 14,000 members and organises more than 2,000 days of competition per year.	British Dressage	1998
inception	It was established in its current form in 2014; however, the BBC had already been using the BBC Music brand to refer to its online music content and some live events beforehand.	BBC Music	2014
inception	Four Star Mary is an alternative rock group formed in California in 1997.	Four Star Mary	1997
inception	The Pulitzer Prize for Criticism has been presented since 1970 to a newspaper writer who has demonstrated 'distinguished criticism'.	Pulitzer Prize for Criticism	1970
inception	Regal Crest Enterprises, established 1999, is the third largest small press publisher of lesbian literature in the world.	Regal Crest Enterprises	1999
inception	Aberdeen Hall is an independent, non-denominational, co-educational, university-preparatory school founded in 2006.	Aberdeen Hall	2006
inception	Thirrupathi Brothers is a Tamil film production company owned by brothers N. Subash Chandrabose and KMVI N. Lingusamy and was founded in 2006.	Thirrupathi Brothers	2006
inception	World Miss University is an international beauty contest held annually in Seoul, South Korea since 1986, with an average of about 70 contestants every year.	World Miss University	1986
inception	Sir Charles Kao UTC is a University Technical College located on the Harlow College campus in Harlow, Essex which opened in September 2014.	Sir Charles Kao UTC	2014
inception	TV Warehouse first launched in November 2001 by Canis Media.	TV Warehouse	2001
inception	Braathens South American & Far East Airtransport A/S was founded on 26 March 1946 by Ludvig G. Braathen through his shipping company Ludvig G. Braathens Rederi and its holding company Braganza.	Braathens	26 March 1946
inception	Chérie FM is a French radio station created in 1987 and belongs to the NRJ Group.	Chérie FM	1987
inception	Founded in 1991, The Score Group (TSG) publishes several monthly magazines including its flagship publication Score, and several others including Voluptuous, 18eighteen, Naughty Neighbors and Leg Sex.	The Score Group	1991
inception	Opera Quotannis was a New York-based opera company which was founded in 1990, with conductor Bart Folse as Music Director and stage director Brian Morgan (formerly of The New Opera Theatre) serving as Artistic Director.	Opera Quotannis	1990
inception	Discipline Global Mobile (DGM, or Discipline GM) is an independent record label founded in 1992 by Robert Fripp (best known as guitarist and main composer for the band King Crimson) and producer/online content developer David Singleton.	Discipline Global Mobile	1992
inception	Hodge Jones & Allen is a London solicitors founded in September 1977 by Henry Hodge, Peter Jones, and Patrick Allen, initially specialising in legal aid work and favouring radical causes.	Hodge Jones & Allen	1977
inception	Alisea Airlines was a charter airline based in Italy, which was established in 1999 as Italfly.	Alisea Airlines	1999
inception	Anvil of Doom is a death metal band from Andalusia, Spain, active since 1999.	Anvil of Doom	1999
inception	Founded by Karen Padgett in 1996, Novus Biologicals has sought to partner with leading scientific researchers and third-party providers to develop an extensive range of more than 180,000 products.	Novus Biologicals	1996
inception	Mar de Copas was founded by Manuel Barrios and Eduardo Leverone in 1992, after splitting up their band Los Inocentes.	Mar de Copas	1992
inception	EpicTimes is a news website and podcast network started by nationally syndicated talk radio host Jerry Doyle in February 2013.	EpicTimes	2013
inception	Brewmaster Matt Cole partnered with Glenn Benigni, owner of Fat Head's Saloon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to open Fat Head's Brewery & Saloon in Cleveland, Ohio in 2009, with Cole supplying beer to the Pittsburgh location.	Fat Head's Brewery	2009
inception	Founded in 1979, the Mazzoni Center was originally known as the Philadelphia Community Health Alternatives (PCHA).	Mazzoni Center	1979
inception	Cantora Records was formed in 2005 by Jesse Israel and Will Griggs, then sophomores and roommates at NYU, and Nick Panama.	Cantora Records	2005
inception	Fox Digital Entertainment was formed in 2010 and took on many of the projects related to 21st Century Fox properties from Fox Mobile Entertainment when it was sold to Jesta Group and was renamed Jesta Digital.	Fox Digital Entertainment	2010
inception	Opened in 1995, the Lake Eustis Museum of Art (LEMA) exhibits historic, contemporary artwork from local, regional, and national sources.	Lake Eustis Museum of Art	1995
inception	The International Tussler Society is a Country rock-band from Trondheim, Norway, formed in 1993.	The International Tussler Society	1993
inception	The Bring Your Own Film Festival (BYOFF) is a film festival that began in 2004 on the beaches of the temple town Puri, in the Indian state of Odisha.	Bring Your Own Film Festival	2004
inception	Entwine was originally assembled as a death metal band in 1995 by guitarist and vocalist Tom Mikkola, drummer Aksu Hanttu and bassist Teppo Taipale.	Entwine	1995
inception	Kageno was co-founded in 2003 by Dr. Frank Andolino, Peace Corps worker Rob Place, and Kenyan community organizer Alphonce Okuku.	Kageno	2003
inception	The first Jersey Shore Music Festival took place on May 17 and 18, 2013 in Seaside Heights, New Jersey.	Jersey Shore Music Festival	2013
inception	Hammondbeat Records, (founded 2002) is an American record label dedicated to bands and fans of the organ sound.	Hammondbeat	2002
inception	La Tele was created by a group of communication companies and began its testing phase under the name Canal 12 on December 1, 2002 (which coincidentally happened to be the day before the beginning of the Venezuelan general strike against President Hugo Chávez).	La Tele	2002
inception	The final design, completed in 1924, was one of the smallest residences ever designed by Waterhouse, who later suggested that May name the house Nutcote.	Nutcote	1924
inception	Vkhutemas (Russian: Вхутемас, acronym for Высшие художественно-технические мастерские Vysshiye Khudozhestvenno-Tekhnicheskiye Masterskiye (Higher Art and Technical Studios)) was the Russian state art and technical school founded in 1920 in Moscow, replacing the Moscow Svomas.	Vkhutemas	1920
inception	The Somalia Stock Exchange was founded in 2012 by the Somali diplomat Idd Mohamed, Ambassador extraordinary and deputy permanent representative to the United Nations.	Somalia Stock Exchange	2012
inception	Burleigh Brewing Company was established by Peta and Brennan Fielding in 2006, with the first beers brewed in May 2007, and the first beers released in August 2007.	Burleigh Brewing Company	2006
inception	It was founded on 6 February 1995 by Honorable Minister Dr. Richard Pathirana.During those past years Siridhamma College became one of leading National School in Sri Lanka.	Siridhamma College	1995
inception	Non-Linear Systems was founded in 1952, by Andrew Kay, the inventor of the digital voltmeter.	Non-Linear Systems	1952
inception	Brighton Aldridge Community Academy (BACA) is a coeducational academy school in Brighton, which opened on 1 September 2010.	Brighton Aldridge Community Academy	2010
inception	A modern version of the Voluntary Committee of Lawyers was incorporated in 1996, established through its founding committee, including former U.S. Attorneys General Elliot Richardson and Nicholas Katzenbach, former American Bar Association President George Bushnell, former federal judge A. Leon Higginbotham, Jr. and labor lawyer Theodore W. Kheel.	Voluntary Committee of Lawyers	1996
inception	Favarger is a Swiss chocolate maker founded in 1826.	Favarger	1826
inception	Panos Pictures is a photo agency based in London and founded in 1986.	Panos Pictures	1986
inception	Korea Presbyterian Theological Seminary (Hangul: 한국장로회신학교; hanja: 韓國長老會神學校; RR: Hanguk Jangrohoe sinhakgyo) started a seminary in Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea on 17 January 2012.	Korea Presbyterian Theological Seminary	2012
inception	Pump Aid was founded in 1998 by three teachers working in a rural primary school in Zimbabwe.	Pump Aid	1998
inception	Photoworks is a visual arts agency for photography, based in Brighton, England and founded in 1995.	Photoworks	1995
inception	Southwest University(Chinese: 西南大學) was originally established in 1906, during the Qing Dynasty.	Southwest University	1906
inception	Tsunami Games (or Tsunami Media, Inc.) was an American video game developer and publisher founded in 1991 by former employees of Sierra Entertainment (then known as Sierra On-Line).	Tsunami Games	1991
inception	The Society of Saint Paul is a religious congregation founded on 20 August 1914 at Alba in Italy by Fr. Giacomo Alberione and officially approved by the Holy See on 27 June 1949.	Society of Saint Paul	1914
inception	Dhivya Polytechnic College (Tamil: திவ்யா பாலிடெக்னிக் கல்லூரி)was established in Chetpet, Thiruvannamalai District, Tamil Nadu, India in 2008 by B.Selvarajan Educational Trust under the leadership of Managing Trustee Thiru.	Dhivya Polytechnic College	2008
inception	The Murdocks are an American rock band consisting of three members and was formed in 2003 in Texas.	The Murdocks	2003
inception	Y.A.S. is an electronic music duo, formed in 2007 in Paris, France, and consists of Mirwais Ahmadzaï (keyboard/guitar) and Yasmine Hamdan (vocals).	Y.A.S.	2007
inception	International Association of Geodesy is an international organization of geodesists, founded in 1940.	International Association of Geodesy	1940
inception	Kummeli appeared on television between 1991 and 1995.	Kummeli	1991
inception	The Upstage Gallery features artists from Topeka, Kansas and the surrounding areas since February 2007.	The Upstage Gallery	2007
inception	The listed entity, IVISYS AB, was founded in 2014.	IVISYS	2014
inception	The NASDAQ OMX Vilnius Stock Exchange is a stock exchange established in 1993 (Vilnius Stock Exchange, VSE) operating in Vilnius, Lithuania.	NASDAQ OMX Vilnius	1993
inception	Foreca was first established in 1996 under the name Weather Service Finland.	Foreca	1996
inception	Die Kölner Akademie - Damals und Heute are a German baroque and classical music orchestra founded in 1996 and based in Cologne.	Kölner Akademie	1996
inception	Founded in 1987, during its first 20 years of business, Mesh Computers could only be purchased direct from the manufacturer; however, in November 2006, MESH began to sell through major retailers like Comet Group.	Mesh Computers	1987
inception	Ariba (now SAP Ariba) was founded in 1996 by Bobby Lent, Boris Putanec, Paul Touw, Rob Desantis, Ed Kinsey, Paul Hegarty, and Keith Krach on the idea of using the Internet to enable companies to facilitate and improve the procurement process.	SAP Ariba	1996
inception	International Mutual Aid was founded in November 2014 in response to the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa.	International Mutual Aid	2014
inception	PSafe was launched in November 2010 with an initial investment round of $15 million(2)(4)(5) from Redpoint Ventures, Index Venture and BV Capital.	PSafe	2010
inception	Wikimania 2005, the first Wikimania conference, was held from 4 to 8 August 2005 at the Haus der Jugend in Frankfurt, Germany, attracting about 380 attendees.	Wikimania	2005
inception	The American Gas and Electric Company, which would be renamed American Electric Power in 1958, was incorporated in 1906.	American Electric Power	1906
inception	The Polish Beer-Lovers' Party (PPPP; Polish: Polska Partia Przyjaciół Piwa) was a satirical Polish political party that was founded in 1990 by satirist Janusz Rewiński.	Polish Beer-Lovers' Party	1990
inception	Hamish & Andy are an Australian comedy duo formed in 2003 by Hamish Blake and Andy Lee.	Hamish & Andy	2003
inception	Blenheim High School is a secondary school with academy status located at Longmead Road, Epsom, Surrey, England, that opened in 1997.	Blenheim High School	1997
inception	W264AK received its first license on 22 January 1997; the owner was Calvary Chapel of Twin Falls, licensee of KAWZ in Twin Falls, Idaho.	W264AK	1997
inception	No Age formed in December 2005 out of the ashes of their previous band, Wives, in which Dean played bass and sang and Randy played guitar.	No Age	2005
inception	Eurodirect was a short lived British airline founded in 1994.	Eurodirect	1994
inception	The National Constitution Party was established on 18 November 1905 by the so-called group of ``Dissidents'', who formerly left the governing Liberal Party after the scandalous ``handkerchief vote''.	National Constitution Party	18 November 1905
inception	Established in 1990, Stanton Chase International operates in over 73 offices in 46 countries throughout Asia-Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and North America.	Stanton Chase International	1990
inception	The Playskool Institute was established by Lucille King in 1928 as a division of the John Schroeder Lumber Company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Playskool	1928
inception	In 1946, shortly after World War II, the Soviets constructed an oil refinery in Novokuybyshevsk, which resulted in the establishment of a large village of approximately 14,000 people.	Novokuybyshevsk	1946
inception	Originally a part of Hughes Aircraft Company, the audio division developed the Sound Retrieval System technology, and in 1993 was separated off to form SRS Labs, Inc. In 1996 SRS Labs became a publicly traded company on Nasdaq, SRSL.	SRS Labs	1993
inception	Sheikh Sayera Khatun Medical College (Bengali: শেখ সায়েরা খাতুন মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a government medical college in Bangladesh, established in 2011.	Sheikh Sayera Khatun Medical College	2011
inception	Chagall Guevara was an American rock band formed in 1989 by solo artist Steve Taylor, guitarists Dave Perkins and Lynn Nichols (from the 1970s Phil Keaggy band), bassist Wade Jaynes, and drummer Mike Mead.	Chagall Guevara	1989
inception	Flowroute was founded by Bayan Towfiq, Jordan Levy, and Sean Hsieh in Irvine, California in 2007.	Flowroute	2007
inception	More specifically, Zoé's Ark was founded in 2005 by volunteer fireman Éric Breteau, former president of the French 4x4 Federation, who named it after a girl orphaned by the December 2004 Asian tsunami.	Zoé's Ark	2005
inception	Gwarn Music is an independent record label which was created in Manchester, England in 1991.	Gwarn Music	1991
inception	The first event series under the Freeride World Tour moniker took place in 2008.	Freeride World Tour	2008
inception	Founded in 1982 as the ``Gay and Lesbian Media Festival and Conference'', the name was changed to Outfest in 1994.	Outfest	1982
inception	The FGV Direito Rio (Fundação Getúlio Vargas Rio de Janeiro Law School) is a Brazilian private law higher education founded in 2002 in Rio de Janeiro by the Fundação Getúlio Vargas.	FGV Direito Rio	2002
inception	Nothing definite came out of these discussions until 1 July 1997 when the Umeå Institute of Technology was established.	Umeå Institute of Technology	1997
inception	Founded in 1963, the charter of the NSW Council for Civil Liberties is to protect the equal rights of all citizens (as long as they don't infringe the rights and freedoms of others) and oppose all or any abuse or excessive power by the State against its people.	NSW Council for Civil Liberties	1963
inception	The Cinematic Orchestra is a British nu-jazz and electronic music group, created in 1999 by Jason Swinscoe.	The Cinematic Orchestra	1999
inception	Various Ad 2 records show that the name ``Ad 2'' became official at the 1973 AAF convention in New Orleans.	Ad 2	1973
inception	Applied Scholastics is a non-profit corporation founded in 1972 to promote the use of study techniques created by L. Ron Hubbard the founder of the Church of Scientology.	Applied Scholastics	1972
inception	The MuzikMafia was an informal collection of American country music artists, founded in October 2001 in Nashville, Tennessee by Big Kenny and John Rich (who compose the duo Big & Rich), along with Jon Nicholson and Cory Gierman.	MuzikMafia	2001
inception	The University of Lethbridge is a non-denominational university established in 1967 at Lethbridge, Alberta.	University of Lethbridge	1967
inception	In 1993, Bond started his own night at Bakers called Republica and later that year, the pair decided to collaborate on a new one-off event named Gatecrasher.	Gatecrasher	1993
inception	The firm came into existence on May 11, 2015 from its predecessor Amarchand & Mangaldas & Suresh A Shroff & Co. A national leader in the area of corporate and finance, Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas ranks as one of most prestigious law firms in India.	Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas	2015
inception	The southern section was placed in Dawesville while the northern section was regazetted as Wannanup in 1996.	Wannanup	1996
inception	Trolley Gallery is a contemporary art gallery in Shoreditch, east London, which emerged independently and alongside the already established Trolley Books in 2003.	Trolley Gallery	2003
inception	The race was first run in 1998 as the First Lady Stakes at a distance of 1 3⁄16 miles.	First Lady Stakes	1998
inception	Ásmegin is a Norwegian folk/viking metal band formed in 1998.	Ásmegin	1998
inception	Premama (formerly Priwater, Inc.) was founded in 2010 by Brown University students Robert Aziz and William Do.	Premama	2010
inception	Bad Girrls Studios was a popular Boston gallery and performance space from 1996 to 2000, located at 209 Green Street in Jamaica Plain.	Bad Girrls Studios	1996
inception	The Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris (Sup'Biotech or ISBP; English: Paris Higher Biotechnology Institute) is a French private engineering school created in 2003 located in Villejuif close to Paris.	Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris	2003
inception	Urker ( Kazakh: Үркер, Russian: Уркер) is a Kazakh pop-folk group established in 1994.	Urker	1994
inception	Liquid Tension Experiment (LTE) was an instrumental progressive metal band founded by Mike Portnoy, then Dream Theater's drummer, in 1997.	Liquid Tension Experiment	1997
inception	Crowded House are a rock band formed in Melbourne, Australia, in 1985.	Crowded House	1985
inception	The United Hockey Union (UHU), founded in 2012, is a group of ice hockey leagues in North America.	United Hockey Union	2012
inception	The RA Photo Club was founded in 1939 as the ``RA Camera Club'', its first chairperson being Doug White of the National Film Board of Canada and met at 30 Rideau St. near the Government Conference Centre (then Union Station).	RA Photo Club	1939
inception	The Pritt stick was first marketed in 1969, and by 1971 was available in 38 countries.	Pritt	1969
inception	École Victor-Brodeur was formed from the 1985 merger of the two local Francophone schools, the ``Programme Cadre de français'' at Uplands Elementary School in nearby Oak Bay and a school for the children of the military at CFB Esquimalt.	École Victor-Brodeur	1985
inception	The Casa di Goethe, opened in 1997 and is administrated by the Association of Independent Cultural Institutes (AsKI) and directed by Ursula Bongaerts.	Casa di Goethe	1997
inception	SoundCloud was originally founded in Stockholm, Sweden, but was established in Berlin in August 2007 by Swedish sound designer Ljung and Swedish artist Wahlforss.	SoundCloud	August 2007
inception	Tennis Europe (formerly known as the European Tennis Association) was formed in Rome, Italy on 31 May 1975 by a group of 17 European national tennis federations as a regional governing body for the sport of tennis and under the auspices of the International Tennis Federation.	Tennis Europe	1975
inception	Świetliki (The Fireflies) are a Polish band formed in Cracow in October 1992.	Świetliki	1992
inception	The FSAI was established on 1 January 1999, with the enactment of the Food Safety Authority of Ireland Act, 1998.	Food Safety Authority of Ireland	1999
inception	On December 20, 2010, just four days after its public launch, About.me was acquired by AOL.	About.me	2010
inception	The Cercle de l'Oratoire (French for ``Oratory Circle'') is a French think tank created a short time after the September 11, 2001 attacks.	Cercle de l'Oratoire	2001
inception	View from Stalheim (Norwegian: Fra Stalheim) is an 1842 oil painting by J. C. Dahl of the mountainous view from Stalheim, Voss, Hordaland.	View from Stalheim	1842
inception	Gamma Phi Delta Sorority, Inc. (ΓΦΔ) was founded in February, 1943 at the Lewis Business College (Lewis College of Business), Detroit, Michigan by Mrs. Elizabeth Garner, an instructor at the College, assisted by her sister, Mrs. Violet Lewis, owner and President of the College.	Gamma Phi Delta Sorority	February, 1943
inception	and launched its product in 2011, Legitmix sells a file that rebuilds a remixed song on a user's hard drive using the listener's copies of the sampled tracks.	Legitmix	2011
inception	The Asteroids Galaxy Tour is a Danish pop band consisting of vocalist Mette Lindberg and songwriter/producer Lars Iversen, formed in 2007.	The Asteroids Galaxy Tour	2007
inception	Formed in the late 2008- early 2009, Sinister Violence consisted of Gyaltzen Yonzon on vocals, Karan Thapa on guitars, Anil Pradhan on keyboards, Wangden Lepcha on bass and Thupden Bhutia on drums.The band incorporates various forms of metal ranging from Grindcore, Black Metal, Old School Death Metal and Symphonic Metal.	Sinister Violence	2008
inception	Miss Global Zimbabwe is a National Beauty Pageant in Zimbabwe that was founded in 2012 by Tare Munzara and Ronald Tisauke, that promotes beauty, charity and tourism.	Miss Global Zimbabwe	2012
inception	Raising a flag over the Reichstag is a historic World War II photograph, taken during the Battle of Berlin on 2 May 1945.	Raising a flag over the Reichstag	1945
inception	The Nashua Broadband Tshwane Capital Classic, also called NBT Capital Classic or Tshwane Capital Classic is a single day men's road bicycle racing race held in South Africa, which was held for the first time in 2006.	Nashua Broadband Tshwane Capital Classic	2006
inception	WWMB went on the air September 21, 1994 as an independent station.	WWMB	1994
inception	The Melbourne Queer Film Festival (MQFF) has been running continuously since 1991 and is Australia's longest-running queer film festival.	Melbourne Queer Film Festival	1991
inception	Tractor Brewing Company is a New Mexico-based brewery, founded in 1999 in Los Lunas and since 2014 located in Albuquerque.	Tractor Brewing Company	1999
inception	The UK Research Integrity Office (UKRIO), established in 2006 is an independent body in the United Kingdom ``which provides expert advice and guidance about the conduct of research''.	UK Research Integrity Office	2006
inception	The Oslo Center was founded by former Norwegian prime minister Kjell Magne Bondevik in January 2006.	Oslo Center	2006
inception	Weepers Circus is a French musical group founded in 1988 by Franck George and Eric Kaija Guerrier.	Weepers Circus	1988
inception	Oman News Agency or ONA was established by Royal decree in 1997 and the official news agency of the government of Oman.	Oman News Agency	1997
inception	The Cook Islands Federation was created in 1893 as the administrative replacement of the British protectorate of the Kingdom of Rarotonga.	Cook Islands Federation	1893
inception	Freedom from Hunger (established in 1946) is an international development organization working in nineteen different countries.	Freedom from Hunger	1946
inception	The Indian Orthopaedic Association was founded in 1955 and as on 2013 had over 9,000 members.	Indian Orthopaedic Association	1955
inception	Kiruv Organisation is an Orthodox Judaism outreach organization founded in 1995 by Rabbi Yosef Mizrachi in New York for the purpose of teaching Torah to both secular and religious Jews.	Kiruv Organisation	1995
inception	Pokhara University (PU or PoU) was established in 1996 as Nepal's fifth university.	Pokhara University	1996
inception	With Force Peru (Spanish: Con Fuerza Perú) is a Peruvian political party founded in March 1995.	With Force Peru	1995
inception	In 2001, Gardenasia was co-founded by Mr Kenny Eng under their parent company, Nyee Phoe Group (NPG).	Gardenasia	2001
inception	Nuclear Mango was founded in 2008 by Bollywood filmmaker Govind Menon and American independent film filmmaker William Sees Keenan.	Nuclear Mango	2008
inception	Mange Makers is a Swedish group composed of Peter Balazs (Bacall) as video & music producer 2011-2014, Max Christensson as dancer, Max Henriksson as beatbox and Didrik Rastbäck as vocals.	Mange Makers	2011
inception	Northland Nightmares founded their first team, Hell's Wives, in 2010.	Northland Nightmares	2010
inception	Caledonian Brewery is a Scottish brewery founded in 1869 in Shandon, Edinburgh, Scotland.	Caledonian Brewery	1869
inception	Most of its army and some people retreated into exile to Greece and Corfu, where they recovered, regrouped and returned to the Macedonian front to lead a final breakthrough through enemy lines on 15 September 1918, liberating Serbia and defeating the Austro-Hungarian Empire and Bulgaria.	Serbia	1918
inception	Robert Fico's First Cabinet was the cabinet of Slovakia from 2006 to 2010, under the leadership of Prime Minister Robert Fico.	Fico's First Cabinet	2006
inception	The alliance was later extended for the 2015 legislative election under the name Portugal Ahead.	Portugal Ahead	2015
inception	Basehead, also known as dc Basehead and Basehead 2.0, is an American alternative hip hop group formed by Michael Ivey in 1992.	Basehead	1992
inception	The Society of Business Practitioners (SBP) UK, founded in 1956, is a senior examining UK institution providing vocational qualifications in business, computer studies, management and marketing.	Society of Business Practitioners	1956
inception	Established in 2008, Lionsgate Academy is open to all students of all abilities; however, their program is inclusively designed to meet the unique needs of students living with Asperger's syndrome and those on the autism spectrum.	Lionsgate Academy	2008
inception	Norvega Esperantista Ligo (Norsk Esperanto-Forbund, Norwegian Esperanto League) was founded in 1911.	Norvega Esperantista Ligo	1911
inception	The Congressional Cemetery was established by private citizens associated with Christ Church on a 4.5 acre plot in 1807 and was later given to Christ Church, which gave it its official name Washington Parish Burial Ground.	Congressional Cemetery	1807
inception	The Brigidine Sisters (also known as the Brigidine Order, or simply the Brigidines) are a global Roman Catholic congregation, founded by Bishop Daniel Delany in Ireland on February 1, 1807.	Brigidine Sisters	1807
inception	Long Island Alliance for Peaceful Alternatives is a non-profit organization founded in 1985 to provide educational programs on peace and national security issues and to promote dialogue on the role and responsibility of citizens in determining national priorities and policies.	Long Island Alliance for Peaceful Alternatives	1985
inception	The rock band In Legend was founded in 2010 by Van Canto drummer Bastian Emig who assumed the role of vocalist and pianist in the band.	In Legend	2010
inception	Teeth of Lions Rule the Divine are an English drone doom supergroup, formed in 2001 and featuring musicians from other metal bands.	Teeth of Lions Rule the Divine	2001
inception	SpeechCycle (formerly Telleureka) was founded in August 2001 by Zor Gorelov(CEO), Ruth Brown (President), and Victor Goltsman (SVP of Operations).	SpeechCycle	2001
inception	The Harmonia Ensemble is an Italian chamber music group started in 1991 under the direction of Giampiero Bigazzi.	Harmonia Ensemble	1991
inception	The settlement of Chagoda was founded in 1926 as Bely Bychok to serve a new glass making factory.	Chagoda	1926
inception	The Jazzpar Prize (established 1990) was an annual Danish prize within jazz founded by Arnvid Meyer.	Jazzpar Prize	1990
inception	Bambuser is a Swedish company, founded in 2007, providing a platform for interactive live video broadcasting, for streaming live video from mobile phones and webcams to the internet.	Bambuser	2007
inception	Joe's Crab Shack opened its first location in Houston, Texas in 1991.	Joe's Crab Shack	1991
inception	The Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences or Kungliga Ingenjörsvetenskapsakademien (IVA), founded on 24 October 1919 by King Gustaf V, is one of the Royal Academies in Sweden.	Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences	24 October 1919
inception	Peter Hook and The Light are an English rock band, formed in May 2010 by the former Joy Division and New Order bassist, Peter Hook.	Peter Hook and The Light	2010
inception	Travancore Engineering College is a self-financing college established in 2002 and affiliated to the University of Kerala, Trivandrum.	Travancore Engineering College	2002
inception	The Abu Dhabi Authority for Culture & Heritage (ADACH) was founded in 2006, in order to be the United Arab Emirate's solitary governing body for cultural heritage maintenance.	Abu Dhabi Authority for Culture & Heritage	2006
inception	The Association of Ayurvedic Professionals of North America (AAPNA), founded in 2007 is an association of Ayurvedic practitioners in North America.	Association of Ayurvedic Professionals of North America	2007
inception	The Legion of French Volunteers Against Bolshevism (French: Légion des volontaires français contre le bolchévisme, or simply Légion des volontaires français, LVF) was a collaborationist French militia founded on July 8, 1941.	Legion of French Volunteers Against Bolshevism	1941
inception	The Monks of Doom is an American alternative rock band, formed in California in 1986.	Monks of Doom	1986
inception	Founded by Orlando Corradi in 1985 and based in Rome, Mondo TV is a public company, quoted on the STAR segment of the Italian main stock exchange, Borsa Italiana, a part of the London Stock Exchange Group since 2007.	Mondo TV	1985
inception	LJ Research (formerly Lynn Jones Research) is a market research agency based in Edinburgh, Scotland established in 1998.	LJ Research	1998
inception	Glory Fall first began on September 3, 2010 as a two-day event at the Place of Refuge Church.	Glory Fall	2010
inception	Harbor City International School, also known as Harbor City or HCIS, is a secondary school in Duluth, Minnesota that opened in the fall of 2002.	Harbor City International School	2002
inception	On August 5, 1994 the National Congress of Ecuador created the Politecnica Salesiana University, with its counterpart in the city of Cuenca, with headquarters in the cities of Quito and Guayaquil.	Politecnica Salesiana University	1994
inception	Bulvar Dmitriya Donskogo is the newest station of the line (opened on 26 December 2002).	Bulvar Dmitriya Donskogo	2002
inception	The station was assigned the call sign ``KVGQ'' by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on November 13, 2009.	KVGQ	2009
inception	Union of Wrestling Forces International, better known as UWF International, U-Inter, or simply UWFi, was a shoot style professional wrestling promotion in Japan from 1991 to 1996.	UWF International	1991
inception	Sidho Kanho Birsha University is a state university established in 2010 in Purulia, West Bengal, India.	Sidho Kanho Birsha University	2010
inception	Agropop was active from 1984 - 2000.	Agropop	1984
inception	According to Singham, after two-to-three years, Singham started recruiting additional staff and came up with the name ThoughtWorks in 1990.The company was incorporated under the new name in 1993 and focused on building software applications.	ThoughtWorks	1993
inception	The Uganda National Health Users''/Consumers'' Organization or Uganda National Health Consumers' Organisation (UNHCO) is a Ugandan nonprofit organization established in 1999 to advocate for the realization of the right to health for all Ugandans.	Uganda National Health Consumers' Organisation	1999
inception	The End Band is an Alternative, Indie pop band from Vienna (Wien), Austria, which was founded in 2009 and soon became a well-known act in the Viennese independent scene.	The End Band	2009
inception	The Lagunitas Brewing Company is a brewery founded in 1993 in Lagunitas, California, The company is half-owned by Heineken International.	Lagunitas Brewing Company	1993
inception	When originally formed, the 1st Panzer Army was named Panzer Group Kleist (Panzergruppe Kleist) and was activated on November 16, 1940 with Field Marshal Ewald von Kleist in command.	1st Panzer Army	1940
inception	Curling Legs Productions A/S (established 1992 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian record label with a catalogue encompassing all styles of jazz and improvised music.	Curling Legs	1992
inception	Chrome Locust were an American stoner rock band formed in New York city that was active between 1998 and 1999.	Chrome Locust	1998
inception	Appaloosa Interactive (formerly Novotrade International) was a corporation, founded in 1983 in Hungary, that produced numerous console games, computer programs and TV-commercials during the 1980s and 90's.	Appaloosa Interactive	1983
inception	Black Dice formed in spring 1997 soon after guitarist Bjorn Copeland met drummer Hisham Bharoocha and bassist Sebastian Blanck when they were students at the Rhode Island School of Design.	Black Dice	1997
inception	Futurism is an avant-garde movement founded in Milan in 1909 by the Italian poet Filippo Tommaso Marinetti.	Futurism	1909
inception	Thrivent Financial was officially formed on January 1, 2002, with the merger of Aid Association for Lutherans (AAL) and Lutheran Brotherhood (LB), which had been established in 1902 and 1917 respectively.	Thrivent Financial	2002
inception	Delrina was a Canadian software company, which was founded in 1988 and was subsequently acquired by the American software firm Symantec in 1995.	Delrina	1988
inception	Thou Art Lord are an Athens-based black metal band, formed in 1993.	Thou Art Lord	1993
inception	Arab Liberation Front (Arabic: جبهة التحرير العربية, Jabhet Al-Tahrir Al-'Arabiyah‎) is a minor Palestinian political group, previously controlled by the Iraqi-led Ba'ath movement, formed in 1969 by Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr and then headed by Saddam Hussein.	Arab Liberation Front	1969
inception	Live Oak Decline began in 2001 when Combs, Ewart, and Watson moved into a house together on Live Oak Street in Austin, Texas.	Live Oak Decline	2001
inception	The University of Bihać (Bosnian: Univerzitet u Bihaću) is a public institution of higher education founded on 28 July 1997, in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	University of Bihać	1997
inception	Lair of the Minotaur was formed by vocalist/guitarist Steven Rathbone in 2003 after his other band, 7000 Dying Rats, became a studio-only project.	Lair of the Minotaur	2003
inception	Carpenters Workshop Gallery was founded in 2005 by two French entrepreneurs, Loïc Le Gaillard and Julien Lombrail.	Carpenters Workshop Gallery	2005
inception	Burners Without Borders formed in 2005 when Burners (Burning Man attendees) volunteered in the Hurricane Katrina disaster area.	Burners Without Borders	2005
inception	The agency was created in April 1997 by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency Act for the purpose of combining and integrating the related inspection services of three separate federal government departments:	Canadian Food Inspection Agency	1997
inception	Barkmarket was a rock music group formed in New York City in 1987.	Barkmarket	1987
inception	Africa Research Institute (ARI) is an independent not-for-profit think-tank that was founded in February 2007.	Africa Research Institute	2007
inception	Lancer Books was a publisher of paperback books operated from 1961 through 1973 by Irwin Stein and Walter Zacharius.	Lancer Books	1961
inception	Skitsystem (Swedish pronunciation: (ɧiːtsʏsteːm), Fucking System or Fucking Society, literally ``Shit System'') is a Swedish crust punk band formed in early 1994.	Skitsystem	1994
inception	Territory Studio is an independent creative agency established in 2010 and located in London.	Territory Studio	2010
inception	The Krasts cabinet was the government of Latvia from 7 August 1997 to 26 November 1998.	Krasts cabinet	1997
inception	Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School was established in 2013, and construction began in 2012 on Tim Dobbie Drive.	Dr. Frank J. Hayden Secondary School	2013
inception	The Sichuan Symphony Orchestra (Chinese: 四川 交响乐团; pinyin: Sichuan Jiāoxiǎng Yuètuán; abbreviated SSO) was established in 2002.	Sichuan Symphony Orchestra	2002
inception	Banca IFIS (Istituto di Finanziamento e Sconto) is a bank founded in 1983 in Genoa, Italy by Sebastien Egon Fürstenberg, the current Chairman and majority shareholder.	Banca IFIS	1983
inception	The Sessions Band is an American musical group that has periodically recorded and toured with American rock singer-songwriter Bruce Springsteen in various formations since 1997.	The Sessions Band	1997
inception	Centro de Futebol Zico de Brasília Sociedade Esportiva were founded on August 1, 1999 by former footballer Zico as a branch of Rio de Janeiro state club Centro de Futebol Zico Sociedade Esportiva.	Centro de Futebol Zico de Brasília Sociedade Esportiva	1999
inception	Open Universities Australia was formed as the Open Learning Agency of Australia Pty Ltd (OLAA or OLA) in late 1993 as a private company.	Open Universities Australia	1993
inception	Founded in 2006, Look See Proof played in venues across the UK supporting bands like The Fratellis, The Rifles, Foals, The Dykeenies, Breaks Co-Op, Good Shoes, The Twang, and The Holloways.	Look See Proof	2006
inception	East Richland Christian Schools was formed by the merger of New Covenant Academy and Faith Community Christian High School in 2009.	East Richland Christian Schools	2009
inception	In 2002, the two firms merged into Marshall Diel & Myers.	Marshall Diel & Myers	2002
inception	Abominator is an Australian black/death metal band formed in Melbourne, Australia, in 1994.	Abominator	1994
inception	Amtek Industries was founded in 1995 by Abdul Mateen Ekkeri as a textile company.	Amtek Industries	1995
inception	The Togoland Congress (TCP) was a political party formed in 1951 to campaign for the unification of the Ewe people in British Togoland and French Togoland as a separate Ewe state.	Togoland Congress	1951
inception	Los Bunkers (Spanish for The Bunkers) were an alternative rock band from Concepción, Chile, formed in 1999 by brothers Álvaro and Gonzalo López, Mauricio Basualto, and brothers Francisco and Mauricio Durán.	Los Bunkers	1999
inception	Atomic 7 is a Canadian instrumental rock trio formed in 1998, led by its only constant member, former Shadowy Men on a Shadowy Planet guitarist Brian Connelly.	Atomic 7	1998
inception	In 2002 the Ballarat Post Office became part of the University of Ballarat Arts Academy which includes the Post Office Gallery.	Post Office Gallery	2002
inception	Benefit Cosmetics was founded in 1976 by twins Jean and Jane Ford.	Benefit Cosmetics	1976
inception	Established in October 1998, Sunshine Express Airlines was founded by one of Australias aviation leaders, Steve Padgett, to serve many regional routes, mainly out of the Sunshine Coast.	Sunshine Express Airlines	1998
inception	Formed in 1997, Floetry started on the performance poetry stage.	Floetry	1997
inception	The Global Accounting Alliance (GAA) is an international coalition of accounting organisations that was formed in 2006.	Global Accounting Alliance	2006
inception	Formed in 2002 following Leach's departure from Killswitch Engage, Seemless was signed to Equal Vision Records, and released their first self-titled LP.	Seemless	2002
inception	The first CzechTek was held in 1994 at Hostomice, it was organized by the Spiral Tribe sound system and a group of artists called the Mutoid Waste Company, foreigners also prevailed among participants.	CzechTek	1994
inception	In April 1919 Siddeley-Deasy was bought out by Armstrong Whitworth Development Company of Newcastle upon Tyne and in May 1919 became Armstrong Siddeley Motors Ltd, a subsidiary with J. D. Siddeley as managing director.	Armstrong Siddeley	May 1919
inception	Mirrorsoft was a computer game software publisher in the United Kingdom, founded by Jim Mackonochie and Robert Maxwell in 1982 and owned by Mirror Group Newspapers.	Mirrorsoft	1982
inception	Ageia, founded in 2002, was a fabless semiconductor company.	Ageia	2002
inception	Falköpings KIK, formed 1976, is a sports club in Falköping, Sweden.	Falköpings KIK	1976
inception	A second Needle Tower, Needle Tower II, was completed in 1968 and was acquired by the Kröller-Müller Museum in 1971.	Needle Tower	1968
inception	TennesseeSkies was a subsidiary of Pacific Wings founded in 2009.	TennesseeSkies	2009
inception	In January 2013, Prizeo participated in the technology start-up incubator Y Combinator's Winter 2013 program.	Prizeo	2013
inception	Founded in 2001 the School of Medical Science and Technology brings together doctors, scientists and engineers to work collaboratively on projects for better healthcare.	School of Medical Science and Technology	2001
inception	TV-Alvitécnica is a retail company founded in Portugal in 1987.	TV-Alvitécnica	1987
inception	Public Enterprise Klaipėda city passenger transport - was founded on March 27, 2003 by Klaipeda City Municipality Council Decision number 1-81.	Klaipėda city passenger transport	2003
inception	Remedy Corporation was founded in 1990 by Larry Garlick, who was the CEO until 2001, and Dave Mahler and Doug Mueller.	Remedy Corporation	1990
inception	Ebba Grön was a Swedish punk band formed in Stockholm in 1977.	Ebba Grön	1977
inception	Playboy Enterprises was created in 1953 as the HMH Publishing Co., Inc. for the purpose of publishing Playboy.	Playboy Enterprises	1953
inception	The success of the Mall at Rockingham Park, which opened in August 1991, caused the Methuen Mall across the line in Methuen, Massachusetts, to close in 1997; it was replaced with The Loop, a ``big box''-style center.	Mall at Rockingham Park	1991
inception	The Bundles were an anti-folk music group formed in 2001 by Jeffrey Lewis and The Moldy Peaches' Kimya Dawson.	The Bundles	2001
inception	The Kempe Award for Distinguished Ecologists is a prize awarded biennially from 1994 onwards to recognise outstanding individuals within the science of ecology.	Kempe Award for Distinguished Ecologists	1994
inception	No Records was a record label and later record distributor that operated in Halifax, Nova Scotia from January 1993 to August 2004.	No Records	1993
inception	The University of Birmingham School opened in September 2015, and is sponsored by the University of Birmingham and managed by an Academy Trust.	University of Birmingham School	2015
inception	Active Citizenship (Italian: Cittadinanza Attiva) is a left-wing political and electoral alliance in San Marino, formed to contest the 2012 general election.	Active Citizenship	2012
inception	LifeTalk Radio's first radio station, KSOH in Yakima, Washington, began broadcasting in March 1992.	LifeTalk Radio	1992
inception	The National Leprechaun Museum is a museum dedicated to leprechauns which has operated between Jervis Street and Middle Abbey Street (on 1 Jervis Street) in Dublin, Ireland, since 10 March 2010.	National Leprechaun Museum	10 March 2010
inception	The San Francisco Center for the Book (SFCB) is a non-profit organization founded in 1996 by Mary Austin and Kathleen Burch in San Francisco, California in the United States.	San Francisco Center for the Book	1996
inception	The Landig Group was an occultist and neo-völkisch group formed in 1950, that first gathered for discussions at the studio of the designer Wilhelm Landig in Vienna's 4th district of Wieden, in Austria.	Landig Group	1950
inception	Helsana emerged in 1996 from the merger of two health and accident insurance companies, Helvetia and Artisana.	Helsana	1996
inception	The Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance was an award presented at the 2012 and 2013 Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards.	Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance	2012
inception	The Sea Fish Industry Authority (or Seafish) is a United Kingdom non-departmental public body, established in 1981, and charged with working with the UK seafood industry to promote good quality, sustainable seafood.	Sea Fish Industry Authority	1981
inception	Vibracathedral Orchestra is an England-based drone ensemble that has been active since 1998.	Vibracathedral Orchestra	1998
inception	EVRYTHNG announced Diageo, a British alcoholic beverages company, as its first customer in October 2012.	EVRYTHNG	2012
inception	Esporte Clube Tigres do Brasil is a Brazilian football team from the city of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro state, founded on January 19, 2004.	Esporte Clube Tigres do Brasil	2004
inception	The Gateway Western Railway began operations on January 9, 1990 after purchasing the Kansas City to St. Louis right-of-way from the bankrupt Chicago, Missouri and Western Railway.	Gateway Western Railway	1990
inception	Sandefjord Fotball is a Norwegian professional football club, founded on September 10, 1998.	Sandefjord Fotball	1998
inception	Founded on 28 October 1893 by the merger of the Valparaiso Bank (1855), National Bank of Chile (1865) and Agriculturist Bank (1869), Banco de Chile has traditionally led the Chilean financial market as one of the largest banks in terms of turnover and deposits.	Banco de Chile	1893
inception	Jordan Hospital is a medical center in Amman, Jordan, established in 1993 under royal patronage.	Jordan Hospital	1993
inception	This was the first line-up of ``Dismal Euphony'', officially formed in 1995.	Dismal Euphony	1995
inception	The Top 100 Crime Novels of All Time is a list published in book form in 1990 by the British-based Crime Writers' Association.	The Top 100 Crime Novels of All Time	1990
inception	Aracne is an Italian publishing company, founded in 1993 by Gioacchino Onorati and specialized in academic and scientific literature.	Aracne	1993
inception	Vive la Fête (English: Long live the party) are a Belgian music duo from Ghent, East Flanders, formed in 1997 by Danny Mommens (guitar, vocals) and Els Pynoo (vocals).	Vive la Fête	1997
inception	Balkanton was a state-owned record manufacturing company in Bulgaria founded in 1952.	Balkanton	1952
inception	TrueBliss were a New Zealand pop girl group formed in April 1999.	TrueBliss	1999
inception	Established in 1996, Bioscientifica Ltd is the commercial subsidiary of the Society for Endocrinology, and provides publishing, events, and association management services to biomedical societies, and to the pharmaceutical industry.	Bioscientifica	1996
inception	Oh No Forest Fires was a Canadian indie pop band from Toronto and nearby Brampton, Ontario, formed in 2007 and disbanded in 2010.	Oh No Forest Fires	2007
inception	Founded in 1962 by Toronto pharmacist Murray Koffler, the company has expanded to a network of more than 1,253 Shoppers Drug Mart/Pharmaprix stores across Canada.	Shoppers Drug Mart	1962
inception	Started in 1995, Hip Entertainment Group sought to help bridge the gap between a Spanish and English TV audience.	Hip Entertainment Group	1995
inception	The Cinema Organ Society (COS) was founded in 1952 by Hubert Selby and Tony Moss for those interested in organ music as entertainment.	Cinema Organ Society	1952
inception	Founded in Paris in 1952 by Guinean choreographer Fodéba Keïta, Les Ballets Africains toured successfully for the next eight years.	Les Ballets Africains	1952
inception	The Kingdom of Jaén (Spanish: reino de Jaén) was a territorial jurisdiction of the Crown of Castile from the time it was won from Muslim rule in 1246 during the Reconquista until Javier de Burgos' provincial division of Spain in 1833.	Kingdom of Jaén	1246
inception	Since its launch 2001, it has also been tested by Le Monde diplomatique newspaper and www.vacarme.eu.org; the webmaster of Le Monde diplomatique is one of the initiators of SPIP, SPIP integrates a cache mechanism, an authentication system, an automatic setup module and an interface for administration and input of articles.	SPIP	2001
inception	Mezhprombank (in Russian: АКБ ``МЕЖПРОМБАНК'' (ОАО)) is a Russian open joint stock bank founded in 1994 as JSC LAKAR.	Mezhprombank	1994
inception	Ikerbasque, the Basque Foundation for Science, is a foundation promoted by the Basque Government in 2007.	Ikerbasque	2007
inception	The Olympia Experimental Music Festival, also known for a time as The Olympia Festival of Experimental Musics, has been produced annually in Olympia, Washington since 1995.	Olympia Experimental Music Festival	1995
inception	Hialeah Gardens High School is a secondary school in Hialeah Gardens, Florida, United States which opened in August 2009.	Hialeah Gardens High School	2009
inception	The Special Brigade was formed on 29 September 2006 by combining the elite special forces units of Military of Serbia and Montenegro; 72nd Special Brigade, 63rd Paratroop Brigade, Cobra anti-terrorist squad, and parts of the 82nd Marine Center.	Special Brigade	2006
inception	The William and Mousie Powell Award is an award given each year since 1986 by the LPGA Tour to a player who ``whose behavior and deeds best exemplifies the spirit, ideals and values of the LPGA.''	William and Mousie Powell Award	1986
inception	The BC Angels were formerly an expansion team in the Lingerie Football League and played several games in the 2012-13 season.	BC Angels	2012
inception	In 2012 and 2013, figure was the only competition held at the Omaha Pro. In 2014, figure was dropped from the Omaha Pro, while women's bodybuilding, men and women's physique was added.	Omaha Pro	2012
inception	Os Azeitonas are a Portuguese alternative rock band from Porto, formed in 2002.	Os Azeitonas	2002
inception	Catchers was an Irish indie pop band formed in 1993 and led by singer-songwriter Dale Grundle.	Catchers	1993
inception	LKQ Corporation was founded by Donald Flynn in 1998 with the purchase of Triplett Automotive Recycling in Akron, OH.	LKQ Corporation	1998
inception	Durium Records was also the name of an Italian record label that was active from 1935 to 1989.	Durium Records	1935
inception	Roady's Truck Stops was founded January 1, 2007, when two trucking industry marketing groups merged.	Roady's Truck Stops	2007
inception	The original construction permit for KCOS-LP was granted on June 26, 1995, to Carlos Ortiz, Sr., pastor of Faith Pleases God Church in Harlingen, Texas.	KCOS-LP	1995
inception	The former Bexhill Museum had been founded in 1914 after it asked one of its founders to resign.	Bexhill Museum	1914
inception	Sambassadeur are a Swedish pop band formed in 2003 in Gothenburg.	Sambassadeur	2003
inception	Relentless Records was formally registered as a company on 1 December 1999.	Relentless Records	1 December 1999
inception	Desaster are a black/thrash metal band formed in Koblenz, Germany in 1988.	Desaster	1988
inception	Newburyport Brewing Company is Massachusett's only keg and can brewery, founded in 2012 by local residents Chris Webb and Bill Fisher along with Brewmaster Mike Robinson.	Newburyport Brewing Company	2012
inception	Initially set up in Germany in 1935, Lebensborn expanded into several occupied European countries with Germanic populations during the Second World War.	Lebensborn	1935
inception	ADVFN was established in the last quarter of 1999 and floated on AIM in March 2000.	ADVFN	1999
inception	Interia.pl is a large Polish web portal and a popular search engine created in 1999 in Nowa Huta district of Kraków, Poland.	Interia.pl	1999
inception	The British Medical Association was founded as the Provincial Medical and Surgical Association (PMSA) by Sir Charles Hastings on 19 July 1832 at a meeting in the Board Room of the Worcester Infirmary.	British Medical Association	1832
inception	The Texas Northeastern Railroad (reporting mark TNER) is a Class III railroad operating in the United States state of Texas that began operations in 1990.	Texas Northeastern Railroad	1990
inception	``Quadrophonia'', which reached #14 in April 1991, followed by ``The Wave Of The Future'', which charted at #40 in July of the same year.	Quadrophonia	1991
inception	The company was founded as a joint-venture between Reuters and Dow Jones & Company in May 1999 under the Dow Jones Reuters Business Interactive name, and renamed Factiva six months later.	Factiva	1999
inception	During 2004, Mam Tor Publishing was established by Liam & Christina McCormack-Sharp to publish Sharpenings, The Art of Liam Sharp.	Mam Tor Publishing	2004
inception	It opened 1 May 1960, and was renamed Jinan Zoo on 8 September 1989.	Jinan Zoo	1 May 1960
inception	The Robot Ate Me is an experimental indie rock band formed by Ryland Bouchard in 2002 which has been through many distinct phases incorporating aspects of folk, jazz, psychedelia and avant-garde rock.	The Robot Ate Me	2002
inception	Hunan Provincial Museum (simplified Chinese: 湖南省博物馆; traditional Chinese: 湖南省博物館; pinyin: Húnán Shěng Bówùguǎn) is the provincial museum of Hunan province in China built in 1951 and opened to the public in July 1956.	Hunan Provincial Museum	1956
inception	Banda do Mar is a Portuguese/Brazilian band formed in 2013 by Marcelo Camelo (vocals/guitar), his wife Mallu Magalhães (vocals/guitar) and Fred Ferreira (drums).	Banda do Mar	2013
inception	Syracuse Orange women's ice hockey is a college ice hockey program that has represented Syracuse University in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I and College Hockey America (CHA) since the 2008-09 season.Syracuse plays its home games at Tennity Ice Skating Pavilion in Syracuse, New York.	Syracuse Orange women's ice hockey	2008
inception	Pulitzer Arts Foundation in St. Louis, Missouri opened in 2001 with a building designed by internationally renowned Japanese architect, Tadao Ando.	Pulitzer Arts Foundation	2001
inception	The Columbus Quest was a professional women's basketball franchise located in Columbus, Ohio in the now-defunct American Basketball League (1996-1998) (ABL).	Columbus Quest	1996
inception	In 2002 -- eleven years after the Cologne Model of design education was initiated in 1991 -- the school was renamed to Köln International School of Design.	Köln International School of Design	1991
inception	Garden House School was founded in 1951 by a former ballet teacher, Margery de Brissac Bernard, (1896-1994), as a single pre-preparatory school.	Garden House School	1951
inception	Communists of Catalonia (Catalan: Comunistes de Catalunya) is a communist party in Catalonia founded in 2014.	Communists of Catalonia	2014
inception	The George Washington Book Prize was instituted in 2005 and is awarded annually to the best book on the founding era of the United States; especially ones that have the potential to advance broad public understanding of American history.	George Washington Book Prize	2005
inception	The Centre for Studies in Civilizations (CSC), founded 12 October 1995, is a non-governmental organisation (NGO) based in India.	Centre for Studies in Civilizations	1995
inception	The Bij 't Vuur was a Dutch automobile manufactured by C. Bij 't Vuur in Arnhem from 1902 until 1906.	Bij 't Vuur	1902
inception	1999 as Auctionwatch.com, Vendio was an online auction aggregator that allowed visitors to search for items on multiple auction sites from one location.	Vendio	1999
inception	The département of Hautes-Pyrénées was created at the time of the French Revolution, on 4 March 1790, through the influence of Tarbes politician Bertrand Barère, a member of the Convention.	Hautes-Pyrénées	4 March 1790
inception	1991 FC Moskovsky 1992 Interros Moskovsky 1993 Interros Moscow 1994 Tekhinvest-M Moskovsky 1995 Moskovsky-Selyatino Selyatino (Moscow Oblast) 1996-1997 MChS-Selyatino Selyatino 1998 Krasnoznamensk-Selyatino Krasnoznamensk 1999-2002 FC Krasnoznamensk	FC Krasnoznamensk	1991
inception	Zooppa was founded in 2007 near Venice, Italy where they were incubated as part of the H-Farm Ventures program.	Zooppa	2007
inception	Interior Semiotics was a 2010 performance by Natacha Stolz (also known as Gabbi Colette) at FOREVER(21), an apartment gallery event in West Town, Chicago.	Interior Semiotics	2010
inception	China Datang Corporation (CDT) is one of the five large-scaled power generation enterprises in the People's Republic of China, established on the basis of former State Power Corporation of China in 2002.	China Datang Corporation	2002
inception	The Railway Clearing House commenced operations on 2 January 1842 in small offices at 111 Drummond Street opposite Euston Station, London.	Railway Clearing House	1842
inception	Ansar Bait al-Maqdis emerged as an extremist militant group after the 2011 Egyptian revolution, with its operations increasing in the wake of the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état which deposed President Mohamed Morsi.	Ansar Bait al-Maqdis	2011
inception	The Foxes are a London based indie rock band formed in 2006.	The Foxes	2006
inception	Israel Beer Breweries Ltd (IBBL) is a brewery founded in 1992 in Ashkelon, Israel.	Israel Beer Breweries	1992
inception	The new Wallowa Union Railroad Authority took over ownership from Wallowa County and operations from the INPR in 2003.	Wallowa Union Railroad Authority	2003
inception	Erase Errata formed in Oakland, California in 1999 and quickly earned national attention after the release of their first eponymous 7`` and via tours with electro grrl band Le Tigre and Japanese noise rockers Melt Banana.	Erase Errata	1999
inception	By 1986, the group had changed its name to the Coastal Jazz and Blues Society, secured corporate sponsorship, and partnered with Expo 86 to produce the first annual Vancouver International Jazz Festival.	Vancouver International Jazz Festival	1986
inception	The Universidad Pública de Navarra (Basque: Nafarroako Unibertsitate Publikoa) was created in 1987 by the government of the Spanish autonomous region of Navarre (Spanish: Navarra, Basque: Nafarroa).	Universidad Pública de Navarra	1987
inception	Tilera was founded in October 2004, by Agarwal, Devesh Garg, and Vijay K. Aggarwal.	Tilera	2004
inception	Philippe Corrot and Adrien Nussenbaum created Mirakl in 2011.	Mirakl	2011
inception	The Cairns Cyclones were a rugby league team that competed in the QRL Queensland Cup competition from 1996-2000.	Cairns Cyclones	1996
inception	Heart Internet was founded by Tim Beresford and Jonathan Brealey in 2004.	Heart Internet	2004
inception	Doctors Geoffrey Guy and Brian Whittle founded GW Pharmaceuticals in 1998.	GW Pharmaceuticals	1998
inception	The Sports Fan Radio Network was a national sports talk radio network that existed from 1996 through 2001, when it abruptly folded.	Sports Fan Radio Network	1996
inception	ProgPower Europe (formerly ProgPower) is a progressive and power metal festival held annually in the Netherlands since 1999.	ProgPower Europe	1999
inception	The Monash Institute of Medical Research was founded in 1991 by Emeritus Professor David de Kretser AC. de Kretser's passion for reproductive and developmental health was the driving force behind the formation of the then named Monash Institute for Reproduction and Development.	Monash Institute of Medical Research	1991
inception	INTO University Partnerships was founded in 2005 and is chaired by Andrew Colin, who had previously set up Study Group International, an education business he sold to the Daily Mail Group, and Embassy CES, a chain of language schools.	INTO University Partnerships	2005
inception	The channel originally launched in October 29, 1997 as Central Florida News 13; it was originally partnered with the Orlando Sentinel to help with 24-hour newsgathering operations and the channel was originally operated by Time Warner Cable, which relinquished cable television franchise rights in the Orlando metropolitan area to Bright House Networks in 2001.	News 13	1997
inception	The National Institute of Genetics (``Japanese Institute of Genetics'') is a Japanese institution founded in 1949.	National Institute of Genetics	1949
inception	Founded in 1921, Compañía Mexicana de Aviación, S.A. de C.V. (commonly known as Mexicana) was Mexico's oldest airline and one of the oldest continuously single-branded airlines (after KLM, Avianca and QANTAS), and Mexico's biggest and flagship airline before ceasing operations on August 28, 2010.	Mexicana de Aviación	1921
inception	Lake House Academy was founded in 2010 under the direction of Catherine ``Cat'' Jennings, who was previously executive director of New Leaf Academy in Hendersonville, North Carolina, and earlier worked at Stone Mountain School.	Lake House Academy	2010
inception	The first Ed's Easy Diner was opened by Barry Margolis in London's Soho in 1987.	Ed's Easy Diner	1987
inception	The Friends of Israel Initiative (FOII) is an international effort, to ``seek to counter the attempts to delegitimize the State of Israel and its right to live in peace within safe and defensible borders'', initiated and led by former Prime Minister of Spain and People's Party leader José María Aznar in 2010.	Friends of Israel Initiative	2010
inception	The bassist Brandon Schwartzel, is the half cousin of Elvis and Max, the four have been performing together as FIDLAR since 2009.	FIDLAR	2009
inception	Raffles Hospital is officially opened on 16 March 2002 by DPM Lee Hsien Loong.	Raffles Hospital	2002
inception	Open Road Recordings, a division of Maple Core Ltd., is a Canadian country music record label established by Ron Kitchener in 2003 and distributed through Universal Music Canada.	Open Road Recordings	2003
inception	The original Dinosaur Walk Museum first opened its doors to the public on June 24, 2004 and was located in Riverhead, New York, on Long Island.	Dinosaur Walk Museum	2004
inception	Vodien Internet Solutions was founded in 2002, and was then registered as a sole proprietorship under the business name of ``Vodien Studios''.	Vodien Internet Solutions	2002
inception	The Association of Scouts of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Skautlar Assosiasiyası), (ASA) the national Scouting organization of Azerbaijan, was founded in 1997, and became the 150th member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement on August 20, 2000.	Association of Scouts of Azerbaijan	1997
inception	In its inaugural 2009--10 season league format season, the VTB United League featured clubs from Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Russia and Ukraine.	VTB United League	2009
inception	The Biosciences Federation (BSF) was a United Kingdom body formed in 2002.	Biosciences Federation	2002
inception	John Carpenter, Mitch Wikum and Steve Meeham founded Surfers Paradise Baseball Club in 1987.	Surfers Paradise Baseball Club	1987
inception	BMCE Bank International was launched in 2007 under the name MediCapital Bank as the international wholesale arm of BMCE Group and started trading in February 2008.	BMCE Bank International	2007
inception	The Curtis Mathes Corporation was founded in 1957 and shortly thereafter entered the television industry, founding plants in Tarrant and Dallas Counties and in Athens, Texas.	Curtis Mathes Corporation	1957
inception	Since One Young World's founding in 2010, there have been four Summits, the first in London, England, on 8--10 February 2010.	One Young World	2010
inception	Olympos Mons was a Finnish power metal band, formed in 2002 by guitarist Jari Sundström and singer Ian E. Highhill.	Olympos Mons	2002
inception	Desperado Publishing is an American independent comic book publisher, established in 2004.	Desperado Publishing	2004
inception	Liberty Lobby was an American political advocacy organization founded in 1958 that went bankrupt in 2001.	Liberty Lobby	1958
inception	After a long-term dispute in 1172 the Duchy of Opole was formed with Jarosław becoming the first duke.	Duchy of Opole	1172
inception	The Shotts and Dykehead Caledonia Pipe Band was formed in 1910 by Pipe Major Dugald MacFarlane.	Shotts and Dykehead Caledonia Pipe Band	1910
inception	Télé Lyon Métropole (TLM) launched on November 25, 1988 by Roger Caille, director of Jet Services at this year, in the Tour du Crédit Lyonnais.	Télé Lyon Métropole	1988
inception	Established in 2003, it changed its name from Peter & Paul Jazz Festival to Jazz Q in 2005 and finally to Petro Jazz in 2008.	Petro Jazz	2003
inception	TV4 Norge started in 1990 and was shut down in 1992 because it didn't make enough money.	TV4 Norge	1990
inception	Explore Scientific is a company founded by former Meade Instruments Vice President of Brand Community Scott W. Roberts in 2008 and owned by Chinese manufacturer Jinghua Optical Electronics Co., Ltd. (JOC).	Explore Scientific	2008
inception	Launched in 2003, Real Talk Entertainment is a privately held Sacramento, California based hip hop record label.	Real Talk Entertainment	2003
inception	Over the course of 2015, RoboValley continued its development, starting with the creation of the Robo Service Centre, a virtual office for start-up robotics companies and a shared service centre for all robotics activities in RoboValley.	RoboValley	2015
inception	The Taxpayers originated in 2007 in Portland, Oregon.	The Taxpayers	2007
inception	Airdash was a technical/progressive thrash/speed metal - band, formed in the middle of the 1980s, 1986.	Airdash	1986
inception	Established in 2009 as independently governed and operated charter schools, Da Vinci Schools have earned a reputation for hands-on learning and a new public-private partnership model where industry helps to define the real-world skill sets needed to prepare students for jobs in today's global economy.	Da Vinci Schools	2009
inception	Winds of Plague is an American deathcore band from Upland, California, formed in 2002.	Winds of Plague	2002
inception	National Software Testing Laboratories, or NSTL, is an American company, established in 1983, which tests computer hardware and software.	National Software Testing Laboratories	1983
inception	Oncolytics Biotech Inc. was founded in Calgary in 1998 in response to discoveries made on the oncolytic potential of reovirus made at the University of Calgary during the 1990s.	Oncolytics Biotech	1998
inception	It was established in 1984 by the Moi University Act of Parliament after recommendations from the Mackay Commission.	Moi University	1984
inception	Falkenberg Old Town Hall (Swedish Falkenbergs rådhus) is a former town hall, built 1826.	Falkenberg Old Town Hall	1826
inception	The Meridian International Center is a non-partisan, not-for-profit, public diplomacy organization founded in 1960 and located in Washington, D.C The organization's mission is to promote ``global leadership through the exchange of ideas, people, and culture.''	Meridian International Center	1960
inception	The Moscow Theological Academy was founded in 1687 by two Greeks monks, Sophronius and Joanniki Lichud, as part of the Slavic Greek Latin Academy.	Moscow Theological Academy	1687
inception	The basketball section of the sports club QTSV Quakenbrück was established in 1955.	QTSV Quakenbrück	1955
inception	The Second cabinet of Thabo Mbeki was the cabinet of the government of South Africa since 27 April 2004.	Second cabinet of Thabo Mbeki	2004
inception	When founded in 1987, Creators Syndicate became one of the few successful independent syndicates founded since the 1930s and was the first syndicate to allow cartoonists ownership rights to their work.	Creators Syndicate	1987
inception	The Church of the Guanche People (in Spanish ``Iglesia del Pueblo Guanche'') is a religious organisation, founded in 2001 in the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna (Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain), aiming to rescue and spread the pagan religion of the Guanche people.	Church of the Guanche People	2001
inception	Realising how well their styles fitted together, they formed Rizzle Kicks in 2008.	Rizzle Kicks	2008
inception	Unity Party (Australia) is a small multiculturist party in Australia, formed in 1997 and with the aim of opposing the rise of the controversial anti-immigration politician Pauline Hanson.	Unity Party (Australia)	1997
inception	Zionist, secular Jewish youth movement founded in 1913 in Galicia, Austria-Hungary, and was also the name of the group's political party in the Yishuv in the pre-1948 British Mandate of Palestine (see Hashomer Hatzair Workers Party of Palestine).	Hashomer Hatzair	1913
inception	The Centralverein deutscher Staatsbürger jüdischen Glaubens (Central Association of German Citizens of Jewish Faith, Central Verein, CV) was founded by German Jewish intellectuals on 26 March 1893 in Berlin, with the intention of opposing the rise of antisemitism in the German Empire.	Centralverein deutscher Staatsbürger jüdischen Glaubens	1893
inception	Formerly, the Battle River Producer Car Group, a collective of 180 farmers, operated as a loader of grain cars only, but in May 2009 it became the Battle River Railway New Generation Co-operative, and purchased the branch line from CN in 2010.	Battle River Railway	2009
inception	Atomic Cartoons is a Canadian animation company founded in 1999 by Trevor Bentley, Mauro Casalese, Rob Simmons and Rob Davies.	Atomic Cartoons	1999
inception	After its restoration was complete in 1971, Whitehern has been open as a civic museum and has occasionally served as a period film location.	Whitehern	1971
inception	Li Po Chun United World College of Hong Kong (Chinese: 香港李寶椿聯合世界書院), established in 1992, is a sixth-form college in Hong Kong.	Li Po Chun United World College	1992
inception	Aleris was formed in 2004 through the merger of Commonwealth Industries, Inc. and IMCO Recycling Inc. In February 2009, the US Justice Department filed suit against Aleris alleging that 15 of its plants had violated the Clean Air Act by emission of pollutants.	Aleris	2004
inception	Henri Fabergé and the Adorables are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2005 from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Henri Fabergé and the Adorables	2005
inception	The Dena Foundation for Contemporary Art, chaired and founded by art collector Giuliana Setari Carusi, in collaboration with its Board of Trustees and its Scientific Committee, is a non-profit organization established in New York in 2001, with an office in Paris.	Dena Foundation for Contemporary Art	2001
inception	The Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres (French pronunciation: ​(akademi dez‿ɛ̃skʁipsjɔ̃ e bɛl lɛtʁ)) is a French learned society devoted to the humanities, founded in February 1663 as one of the five academies of the Institut de France.	Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres	1663
inception	Established in 1891, the Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery has a strong reputation for its collection which includes fine exhibitions of colonial art, contemporary craft and design, Tasmanian history and natural sciences, specifically a zoology collection.	Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery	1891
inception	FXX launched at 7:00 a.m. Eastern/6:00 a.m. Central on September 2, 2013, replacing Fox Soccer.	FXX	2013
inception	Tea for Julie is a Portland, Oregon-based indie rock band that formed in 2003.	Tea for Julie	2003
inception	KRNK started out as KMGW ``Magic 94'', an adult contemporary radio station in the Summer of 1989.	KRNK	1989
inception	Miss Earth Germany is a national beauty pageant in Germany since 2010 to select an official candidate for the Miss Earth pageant.	Miss Earth Germany	2010
inception	He aimed only for the best and with God's grace, on February 3, 2011 the 250-bed Dr. Ronald P. Guzman Medical Center Inc. (RPGMC) opened its doors to the public.	Dr. Ronald P. Guzman Medical Center	2011
inception	The Southern California Linux Expo (SCALE) is an annual Linux, open source and free software conference held in Los Angeles, California, since 2002.	Southern California Linux Expo	2002
inception	The Austrian Netherlands (German: Österreichische Niederlande; Dutch: Oostenrijkse Nederlanden; Latin: Belgium Austriacum) was the Southern Netherlands between 1714 and 1797.	Austrian Netherlands	1714
inception	Founded in 1972, Hennepin Technical College is a public technical school, with two campuses in suburban Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Hennepin Technical College	1972
inception	CJJM-FM began testing at 99.3 FM in late 2007 and officially began broadcasting in spring 2008.	CJJM-FM	2008
inception	The need for a local high school offering a continuation of the Uplands Preparatory value-based education inspired parents to make the decision on 31 May 1997 to found Uplands College.	Uplands College	1997
inception	The Antique Tribal Art Dealers Association (ATADA), was founded in 1988, by a group of independent antique tribal art dealers to form a professional association of dealers that would provide education for the public and set standards for the trade.	Antique Tribal Art Dealers Association	1988
inception	St. Cloud State University (SCSU) is a public university founded in 1869 above the Beaver Islands on the Mississippi River in St. Cloud, Minnesota, United States.	St. Cloud State University	1869
inception	Whiskeytown was an alternative country band formed in 1994 from Raleigh, North Carolina, USA.	Whiskeytown	1994
inception	Armagedda was a Swedish black metal band that was founded in 1999.	Armagedda	1999
inception	Previously a location for ``Šiaulių Oda'' factory it was initially redeveloped as a smaller Ogmios Šiauliai shopping mall, and rebranded Bruklinas after a major expansion was completed in 2006-2007.	Bruklinas	2007
inception	The Disco Biscuits launched Camp Bisco in 1999 with the idea of combining sets by electronic DJs with improvisational rock bands at a time when both the jam band and electronic dance music scenes were taking off in their own rights.	Disco Biscuits	1999
inception	The Center for Autism and Related Disorders, Inc. (CARD), founded in 1990 by Doreen Granpeesheh, is among the largest autism treatment organizations in the world.	Center for Autism and Related Disorders	1990
inception	École publique Gabrielle-Roy opened in 1997 with 25 students.	École publique Gabrielle-Roy	1997
inception	CJYE launched on February 5, 2001, adopting the frequency formerly held by its sister station CHWO.	CJYE	2001
inception	Founded in 1896 by Fritz Hoffmann-La Roche, the company was early on known for producing various vitamin preparations and derivatives.	Hoffmann-La Roche	1896
inception	Thrift Store Cowboys are an alternative country and indie rock band, formed in 1999, in Lubbock, Texas by Daniel Fluitt and Colt Miller.	Thrift Store Cowboys	1999
inception	Argentina Sono Film S.A.C.I. is an entertainment company based in Buenos Aires that produced most of the major films during the classic period of Argentine cinema from 1933.	Argentina Sono Film	1933
inception	The Universal Hip Hop Parade was founded by Jeffery Kazembe Batts, Charles Barron, Freedom Williams and a host of activists in the fall of 1999 to celebrate the African American cultural social activist roots of hip-hop culture.	Universal Hip Hop Parade	1999
inception	CJHR-FM began broadcasting at 98.7 MHz on December 11, 2006.	CJHR-FM	2006
inception	IndUS Aviation is an American light aircraft manufacturer founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas at the Dallas Executive Airport.	IndUS Aviation	1994
inception	The band was formed in 1993 in Oxford, England, and named after Hal Hartley's film, The Unbelievable Truth.	Unbelievable Truth	1993
inception	The AGIPI Billiard Masters was a three-cushion billiards tournament which was held annually in Schiltigheim, France between 2008 and 2013.	AGIPI Billiard Masters	2008
inception	The Officina Bodoni was a private press operated by Giovanni Mardersteig from 1922.	Officina Bodoni	1922
inception	The Black Sheep Band is a Chicago-based Punk Rock super group that made a record for charity in 2011 called A Chicago Punk Rock Collaboration For The Kids, Vol 1.	The Black Sheep Band	2011
inception	Odeon Records was a record label founded in 1903 by Max Straus and Heinrich Zuntz of the International Talking Machine Company in Berlin, Germany.	Odeon Records	1903
inception	For the Fallen Dreams is an American metalcore/melodic hardcore band from Lansing, Michigan, formed in 2003.	For the Fallen Dreams	2003
inception	The Greening of Detroit is an urban forestry program and non-profit partner in The Detroit Partnership; it was founded in 1989.	The Greening of Detroit	1989
inception	The 'Turkish Academic Network and Information Center (Turkish: Ulusal Akademik Ağ ve Bilgi Merkezi), shortly ULAKBIM, was founded as a research and development facility institute of Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TÜBİTAK) in Bilkent, Çankaya of Ankara, Turkey in 1996.	Turkish Academic Network and Information Center	1996
inception	Salem Sue was built in 1974 for $40,000.	Salem Sue	1974
inception	The double-barreled Robinsons-May name was created in 1993 when the former middle-to-low-brow May Company California was consolidated with their carriage-trade corporate sibling JW Robinson's.	Robinsons-May	1993
inception	Ab und Zu (established 1987) is a Norwegian jazz band, originally named Anne Marie Giørtz Quintet (1982--1987), and presenting music written by Ole Henrik Giørtz.	Ab und Zu	1987
inception	The Teatro Lirico Sperimentale di Spoleto was founded in 1947 by Adriano Belli, lawyer and musicologist, with the aim of helping young singers to start a career in opera, above all students who had already completed their singing studies and were gifted with artistic qualities, but had not yet made their artistic debut.	Teatro Lirico Sperimentale	1947
inception	WTCK began as a construction permit issued by the FCC to Broadcasting For The Challenged Inc. in April 2003.	WTCK	2003
inception	The Kris Sakti (English: Magic Dagger) is the aerobatic display team of the Royal Malaysian Air Force.It makes its debut on 2011 Langkawi International Maritime and Air Show in December 2011.	Kris Sakti	2011
inception	Toolstation was formed in 2003 by Mark Goddard-Watts four years after the Goddard-Watts family had sold Screwfix in 1999 to the Kingfisher plc group.	Toolstation	2003
inception	Ahlcon Public School is a co-educational English Medium public school, established in 1988 by the Shanti Devi Progressive Education Society in New Delhi, India and is duly recognized by the Directorate of Education, Govt. of NCT, Delhi.	Ahlcon Public School	1988
inception	East to West was a Contemporary Christian music duo from Cleveland, Tennessee, formed in 1993.	East to West	1993
inception	Fuji Rock Festival is named so because the first event in 1997 was held at the base of Mount Fuji.	Fuji Rock Festival	1997
inception	The Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize, endowed by Richard Gilder and Lewis Lehrman and administered by Gettysburg College, has been awarded annually since 1991 for the best non-fiction historical work of the year on the American Civil War.	Lincoln Prize	1991
inception	Established in 1903 by the Dutch Reformed Church, Marydale was named after the wife of Mr GP Snyman, owner of the farm on which the town was laid out.	Marydale	1903
inception	Shin Daechul, the son of Shin Jung-hyeon, who is considered ``the Godfather of Korean rock music,'' formed Sinawe in 1986 and they released their first album that same year.	Sinawe	1986
inception	Liberty Central is a non-profit conservative political advocacy group founded in 2009 by Virginia Thomas, the wife of U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice, Clarence Thomas.	Liberty Central	2009
inception	The company was founded in 1993 by film director Kang Woo-suk as ``Kang Woo-suk Productions'', before taking the name Cinema Service in 1995.	Cinema Service	1993
inception	Saratov Governorate (Russian: Саратовская губе́рния, Saratovskaya guberniya, Government of Saratov), was an administrative division (a guberniya) of the Russian Empire, which existed from 1797 to 1928.	Saratov Governorate	1797
inception	The party adopted the ``Miss Great Britain Party'' as its official name and formally registered with the Electoral Commission on 23 June 2008, before standing in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election with Garrett one of 26 candidates.	Miss Great Britain Party	23 June 2008
inception	The park was established as a provisional reserve in 2000 but the Minkébé National Park itself was officially recognized and established by the Gabonese government in August 2002.	Minkébé National Park	2002
inception	The Rainbow International School was established in September 1991 as a primary school with 29 children.	Rainbow International School	1991
inception	It was founded in 1863 as the stanitsa of Apsheronskaya (Апшеронская).	Apsheronsk	1863
inception	Artcell is a Bangladeshi progressive rock band formed in October 1999.	Artcell	1999
inception	The Kreis Meseritz came into existence on 1 January 1818 after separation from Kreis Birnbaum.	Kreis Meseritz	1818
instrument	James R. West has been professor of trumpet at the Louisiana State University School of Music in Baton Rouge, Louisiana since 1978.	James R. West	trumpet
instrument	Russell Procope (August 11, 1908 -- January 21, 1981), an American clarinettist and alto saxophonist, was known best for his long tenure in the reed section of Duke Ellington's orchestra, where he was one of its two signature clarinet soloists.	Russell Procope	clarinet
instrument	Ronald Brautigam (born 1954) is a Dutch concert pianist, best known for his performances of Beethoven's piano works on the fortepiano.	Ronald Brautigam	piano
instrument	Daniel Bonade (April 4, 1896 -- October 30, 1976) was a French classical clarinetist and professor of clarinet.	Daniel Bonade	clarinet
instrument	Nils Klöfver (born 13 November 1982 in Stockholm) is classical guitarist who plays the 11-string alto guitar as well as the standard 6-string instrument.	Nils Klöfver	guitar
licensed to broadcast to	KXEW is a commercial radio station located in South Tucson, Arizona, broadcasting to the Tucson, Arizona, area on 1600 AM.	KXEW	South Tucson
licensed to broadcast to	KBRD (680 AM) is a non-commercial, listener supported radio station broadcasting a Nostalgia format licensed to Lacey, Washington, USA.	KBRD	Lacey, Washington
licensed to broadcast to	WXOK (1460 AM, ``Heaven 1460'') is a Black Gospel formatted radio station licensed to Port Allen, Louisiana (where the transmitter is located).	WXOK	Port Allen, Louisiana
licensed to broadcast to	CHNL, branded as Radio NL, is a radio station in Kamloops, British Columbia.	CHNL	Kamloops, British Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	WHOS (800 AM, ``The Big Talker'') is a radio station licensed to serve Decatur, Alabama, USA.	WHOS	Decatur
licensed to broadcast to	WGCI-FM (107.5 FM) is an Urban Contemporary radio station that has a city of license of Chicago, under ownership of iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly known as Clear Channel Communications until September 2014).	WGCI-FM	Chicago
licensed to broadcast to	WLOA (1470 AM) is a radio station licensed to Farrell, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	WLOA	Farrell
licensed to broadcast to	KDBX is a radio station whose transmitter is located in the nearby town of Clear Lake, South Dakota, but the studios are in Brookings.	KDBX	Clear Lake
licensed to broadcast to	WITA (1490 AM, ``Inspiration 1490'') is a Christian radio station located in Knoxville, Tennessee.	WITA	Knoxville
licensed to broadcast to	WKQC (104.7 FM, ``K104.7'') is a Beasley Broadcasting Group-owned adult contemporary radio station in Charlotte, North Carolina.	WKQC	Charlotte
licensed to broadcast to	WNED-FM is an American radio station broadcasting in Buffalo, New York, at a frequency of 94.5 MHz. It offers a classical music format.	WNED-FM	Buffalo
licensed to broadcast to	WTJH was an AM broadcasting station licensed to the city of East Point, Georgia, USA, broadcasting on the frequency of 1260 kHz with 5,000 Watts of power during daytime hours, and only 39 Watts of power during nighttime hours with a non-directional antenna pattern.	WTJH	East Point, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	WLTY is a variety hits radio station licensed to Cayce, South Carolina and serves the Columbia, South Carolina market.	WLTY	Cayce, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	CFXN-FM is a Canadian radio station, that airs a classic hits format at 106.3 FM in North Bay, Ontario.	CFXN-FM	North Bay
licensed to broadcast to	Owned by iHeartMedia and licensed to Dearborn, Michigan serving the Metro Detroit area, WNIC broadcasts an adult contemporary format.	WNIC	Dearborn
licensed to broadcast to	KKXX-FM is licensed to Shafter, California, and serves the Bakersfield, California area.	KKXX-FM	Shafter
licensed to broadcast to	KNCN is an FM station licensed to Sinton, Texas playing to the Corpus Christi metro area.	KNCN	Sinton
licensed to broadcast to	CFRO-FM, licensed and owned by Vancouver Co-operative Radio, is a non-commercial community radio station in Vancouver, British Columbia.	CFRO-FM	Vancouver
licensed to broadcast to	KXLY-FM (``The Big 99.9 Coyote Country'') is a country music outlet in Spokane, Washington that broadcasts at 99.9 MHz with an ERP of 37 kw.	KXLY-FM	Spokane
licensed to broadcast to	WXXI-FM (91.5) is a public radio station in Rochester, New York.	WXXI-FM	Rochester
licensed to broadcast to	WWFP is a non-commercial radio station based in Brigantine, New Jersey.	WWFP	Brigantine, New Jersey
licensed to broadcast to	KUPS (90.1 FM) is a non-commercial college radio station in Tacoma, Washington located at 90.1 MHz FM.	KUPS	Tacoma
licensed to broadcast to	WVLK-FM (101.5 MHz) is a radio station licensed to the community of Richmond, Kentucky.	WVLK-FM	Richmond
licensed to broadcast to	WEUV (1190 AM) is an urban contemporary gospel formatted radio station licensed to Moulton, Alabama, that serves Huntsville, Alabama, and northwest Alabama, United States.	WEUV	Moulton
licensed to broadcast to	KPSZ (940 AM, ``Praise 940'') is a Christian radio station serving the Des Moines, Iowa, area.	KPSZ	Des Moines
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aullwood Audubon Center and Farm is a natural area and educational farm in Montgomery County in southwestern Ohio, United States, about 10 miles (16 km) northwest of downtown Dayton.	Aullwood Audubon Center and Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Antioch Missionary Baptist Church Cemetery is located at 500 North McKinney Road in Sherrill, Arkansas, behind the Antioch Missionary Baptist Church.	Antioch Missionary Baptist Church Cemetery	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunajek Mały (duˈnajɛk ˈmawɨ) (German: Klein Duneiken; until 1938: Klein Duneyken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Dunajek Mały	Gmina Gołdap
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klecin (ˈklɛt͡ɕin) (German: Klettendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Klecin	Gmina Marcinowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratu Boko is located on a plateau, about three kilometres south of Lara Jonggrang Prambanan temple complex in Yogyakarta Indonesia.	Ratu Boko	Yogyakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opened in 1852, Mount Royal Cemetery is a 165-acre (67 ha) terraced cemetery on the north slope of Mount Royal in the borough of Outremont, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Mount Royal Cemetery	Outremont
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 4th White Cloth Hall was a market for the sale of undyed cloth on King Street in Leeds city centre in England.	4th White Cloth Hall	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canley Vale High School is a New South Wales Government co-educational high school located in south-west Sydney, in the suburb of Canley Vale, NSW, Australia.	Canley Vale High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davisville Naval Construction Battalion Center was a United States Navy Seabee base located in Davisville, Rhode Island.	Davisville Naval Construction Battalion Center	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roppolo is a municipality in the Province of Biella in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Biella.	Roppolo	Province of Biella
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotosh is an archaeological site near Huánuco (Peru) containing a temple of the Late Archaic period.	Kotosh	Huánuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rumney Marsh Reservation is a Massachusetts state park occupying over 600 acres (240 ha) in the town of Saugus and city of Revere.	Rumney Marsh Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wayford Bridge is a village on the River Ant on the A149 road, near Stalham in Norfolk, England within The Broads National Park.	Wayford Bridge	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orune (Sardinian: Orùne) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) north of Cagliari and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Nuoro.	Orune	Province of Nuoro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohneh-ye Jadid (Persian: كهنه جديد‎, also Romanized as Kohneh-ye Jadīd) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kohneh-ye Jadid	Bid Shahr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmetto Health Baptist Columbia (Formerly Baptist Medical Center) is a 489-bed acute-care facility located at the intersection of Taylor and Marion Streets in Downtown Columbia, South Carolina.	Palmetto Health Baptist Columbia	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zażelazna (zaʐɛˈlazna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zażelazna	Gmina Domanice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mardot Antique Shop was a historic commercial building in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Mardot Antique Shop	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talod is a city and a municipality in Sabarkantha district in the Indian state of Gujarat,	Talod	Sabarkantha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Joseph's Priory, Maria Roggendorf (German: Stift Sankt Josef, Maria Roggendorf) is a Benedictine priory located in the long-established pilgrimage centre of Maria Roggendorf in the district of Hollabrunn in Lower Austria.	St. Joseph's Priory, Maria Roggendorf	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davies Creek National Park is in Far North Queensland, Australia, 1,392 km northwest of Brisbane, 20 km south west of Cairns.	Davies Creek National Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loudon Town Hall is a historic New England meetinghouse at the junction of Clough Hill Road and Youngs Hill Road in Loudon, New Hampshire.	Loudon Town Hall	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunshine Motorway is a thirty-three kilometre Australian motorway on the Sunshine Coast region of Queensland, just north of Brisbane.	Sunshine Motorway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Gowhar (Persian: كاني گوهر‎, also Romanized as Kānī Gowhar and Kanī Gowhar) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kani Gowhar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barnum School is a historic elementary school located on Barnum Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.	Barnum School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torrelodones is a municipality in the northwest of the Autonomous Community of Madrid, Spain.	Torrelodones	Community of Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenwich Academy is an independent, all-girls preparatory day school in Greenwich, Connecticut.	Greenwich Academy	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wydrna (ˈvɨdrna) (Ukrainian: Видерна, Vyderna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wydrna	Gmina Dydnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Index is a peak in the central part of the Cascade Range of Washington state.	Mount Index	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Polygonal Barn, New Oregon Township is an historical structure located near Cresco in rural Howard County, Iowa.	Polygonal Barn, New Oregon Township	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kępa Wielka (ˈkɛmpa ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kępa Wielka	Gmina Zaniemyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheskin (Irish: An Seisceann), traditionally divided into Sheskinmor and Sheskinbeg, is a townland in the north of County Monaghan in the Republic of Ireland.	Sheskin	County Monaghan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabiny-Zameczek (ɡraˈbinɨ zaˈmɛt͡ʂɛk) (German: Herrengrebin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grabiny-Zameczek	Gmina Suchy Dąb
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carcajou Pass is a mountain pass on the Continental Divide and British Columbia - Alberta boundary at the north end of Mount Robson Provincial Park.	Carcajou Pass	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parker County Courthouse is an historic building located at Courthouse Square in Weatherford, Texas, the seat of Parker County.	Parker County Courthouse	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tverrådalskyrkja is a mountain on the border between the municipalities of Luster (in Sogn og Fjordane county) and Skjåk (in Oppland county), Norway.	Tverrådalskyrkja	Skjåk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huigsloot (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦœy̆χ.sloʊ̯t)) is a hamlet in the Dutch municipality of Haarlemmermeer, in the province of North Holland.	Huigsloot	Haarlemmermeer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harangan (Persian: هرنگان‎, also Romanized as Harangān) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Harangan	Byaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCNU (1010 AM) was a radio station located in Crestview, Florida, USA.	WCNU	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luzhniki Palace of Sports, formerly the Palace of Sports of the Central Lenin Stadium, is a sports arena in Moscow, Russia, a part of the Luzhniki Sports Complex.	Luzhniki Palace of Sports	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goreway Power Station is a natural gas power station owned by Goreway Station Partnership, in Brampton, Ontario.	Goreway Power Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charoq (Persian: چارق‎, also Romanized as Chāroq and Chāreq; also known as Chārūq) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Charoq	Chaharduli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bur Oak Secondary School (BOSS) is a public secondary school in Markham, Ontario, Canada established in 2007, and is part of the York Region District School Board.	Bur Oak Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharaflu (Persian: شرفلو‎, also Romanized as Sharaflū; also known as Mazra``eh-ye Sharaflū and Qeshlāq Sharaflū) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 505, in 114 families.	Sharaflu	Nur Ali Beyk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Kopernia (ˈstara kɔˈpɛrɲa) (German: Küpper) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Stara Kopernia	Gmina Żagań
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zollernalbkreis is a district (Landkreis) in the middle of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Zollernalbkreis	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyles Consolidated School is a historic school in Lyles Station, Indiana, United States.	Lyles Consolidated School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPDA (106.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an album-oriented rock (AOR) format, simulcasting WPDH 101.5 FM Poughkeepsie, New York.	WPDA	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaston's Airport (FAA LID: 3M0) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Lakeview, a city in Baxter County, Arkansas, United States.	Gaston's Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The No. 2 Road Bridge is a low-level four-lane bridge in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.	No. 2 Road Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nushabad (Persian: نوش آباد‎, also Romanized as Nūshābād; also known as Noshābād) is a city in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Nushabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ninth Street Seven Arch Stone Bridge was a historical bridge in Lockport, Illinois.	Ninth Street Seven Arch Stone Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Defonte's is a sandwich shop in the Red Hook, Brooklyn, New York City.	Defonte's	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Narrows Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the west side of Mathieson Channel to the north of the community of Bella Bella.	Jackson Narrows Marine Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brestice (Serbian Cyrillic: Брестице) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brestice	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kreischberg is an Austrian ski resort in Styria, Austria.	Kreischberg	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clachan Bridge is a simple, single-arched, hump-backed, masonry bridge spanning the Clachan Sound, 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) southwest of Oban in Argyll, Scotland.	Clachan Bridge	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mikó Castle (Romanian: Castelul Mikó; Hungarian: Mikó-vár) is a fortified castle in Miercurea Ciuc (Csíkszereda), Romania.	Mikó Castle	Miercurea Ciuc
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stage Deli, located on Seventh Avenue just two blocks from Carnegie Hall, was a well-known New York City delicatessen, patronized by numerous celebrities.	Stage Deli	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dainhat is a Town and a municipality under Katwa police station and Katwa subdivision, in Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Dainhat	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Okmok is the highest point on the rim of Okmok Caldera (Unmagim Anatuu in Aleut) on the northeastern part of Umnak Island in the eastern Aleutian Islands of Alaska.	Mount Okmok	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorombeyk (Persian: خرم بيك‎; also known as Khorombak) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khorombeyk	Zeberkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steklinek (stɛˈklinɛk) (German: Steckelhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Steklinek	Gmina Czernikowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golidagh District (Persian: بخش گلی‌داغ‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Golidagh District	Maraveh Tappeh County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Sarnowo (ˈnɔvɛ sarˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Sarnowo	Gmina Dzierzążnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Shahid Qadusi (Persian: چاه شهيدقدوسي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Shahīd Qadūsī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District, Marvast District, Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Chah-e Shahid Qadusi	Harabarjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heinsburg is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within the County of St. Paul No. 19.	Heinsburg	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgar Rock Lodge is a rustic house in Yakima County, Washington.	Edgar Rock Lodge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrogski Palace, or Ostrogski Castle (Polish: Pałac Ostrogskich, or Zamek Ostrogskich), is a mansion in the city center of Warsaw, on ulica Tamka.	Ostrogski Palace	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maeser Elementary was an elementary school in Provo, Utah.	Maeser Elementary	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Medical Library (est. 1875) of Boston, Massachusetts, which evolved into the ``largest academic medical library in the world,'' was originally organized to alleviate the problem that had emerged due to the scattered distribution of medical texts throughout the city.	Boston Medical Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahruiyeh (Persian: اهروئيه‎, also Romanized as Ahrū’īyeh) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ahruiyeh	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBSA (1300 AM, ``Total Christian Radio'') is a radio station licensed to serve Boaz, Alabama.	WBSA	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gramado is a municipality and small tourist town, southeast of Caxias do Sul and east of Nova Petrópolis in the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul, in the Serra Gaúcha region.	Gramado	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parke Apartments, also known as Park Lane Condominium, is a historic apartment building located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Parke Apartments	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gore Bay-Manitoulin Airport, (IATA: YZE, ICAO: CYZE), is located 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) west southwest of Gore Bay, in the township of Gordon/Barrie Island, Ontario, Canada.	Gore Bay-Manitoulin Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincang (simplified Chinese: 临沧; traditional Chinese: 臨滄; pinyin: Líncāng) is a prefecture-level city located in the southwest of Yunnan province, People's Republic of China.	Lincang	Yunnan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zebulon B. Vance Birthplace, also known as the Vance Birthplace is a historic home in Buncombe County, North Carolina, and a historic site managed by the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources' Historic Sites division.	Zebulon B. Vance Birthplace	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Catawba River (named after the Native American tribes that first settled on the banks) originates in Western North Carolina and the name of the river changes to the Wateree River in South Carolina.	Catawba River	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Karwosieki (ˈnɔvɛ karvɔˈɕɛki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Karwosieki	Gmina Brudzeń Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamarajugadda is the name of an Indian village on the banks of the River Krishna in Andhra Pradesh in Guntur district.	Kamarajugadda	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mezhathur is an Indian village in the state of Kerala situated at the border of Thrissur, Malappuram and Palakkad districts.	Mezhathur	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laheva (also Lakheva) is a village in Ridala Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.	Laheva	Ridala Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Air Force Armament Museum, adjacent to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, is the only facility in the U.S. dedicated to the display of Air Force armament.	Air Force Armament Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quhajin (Persian: قوهجين‎, also Romanized as Qūhajīn; also known as Ghoohchin, Kūhak, Kuhnak, Kukhnak, Qowheyjīn, Qūhījīn, and Qūhjīn) is a village in Darsajin Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Quhajin	Darsajin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkheh Riz (Persian: سرخه ريز‎, also Romanized as Sorkheh Rīz) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sorkheh Riz	Aghmiyun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Hunt Morgan Memorial in Lexington, Kentucky, is a monument created as a tribute to Confederate General John Hunt Morgan, who was from Lexington and is buried in nearby Lexington Cemetery.	John Hunt Morgan Memorial	Lexington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gröningen Priory (German: Kloster Gröningen) was a Benedictine monastery, located west of Gröningen in present-day Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Gröningen Priory	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Health Education Building, also known as the McAfee Gym, is a historic building located on the campus of Eastern Illinois University in Charleston, Illinois.	Health Education Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenhua Road Subdistrict, Tangshan (Chinese: 文化路街道) is a township-level division of Lubei District, Tangshan, Hebei, China.	Wenhua Road Subdistrict, Tangshan	Lubei District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alta Floresta (Portuguese for ``High Forest'') is a municipality in Mato Grosso, Brazil.	Alta Floresta	Mato Grosso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Øvre Sjodalsvatnet is a lake that is part of the river Sjoa in the municipality of Vågå in Oppland county, Norway.	Øvre Sjodalsvatnet	Vågå
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swedish Cultural Center is a meeting spot for Scandinavians in Seattle, Washington.	Swedish Cultural Center	Seattle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Devils Lake Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located in Devils Lake, North Dakota.	Devils Lake Carnegie Library	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Del Rio International Airport (IATA: DRT, ICAO: KDRT, FAA LID: DRT) is a public airport two miles northwest of Del Rio, in Val Verde County, Texas.	Del Rio International Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turusk (Persian: تروسك‎, also Romanized as Tūrūsk) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Turusk	Bala Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanica Dolna (taˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Tanica Dolna	Gmina Michałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Gorgonio Pass Wind Farm is a wind farm located on the eastern slope of the San Gorgonio Pass in Riverside County, just east of White Water, California, United States.	San Gorgonio Pass Wind Farm	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natalinci (Serbian: Наталинци) is a village in the municipality of Topola, Serbia.	Natalinci	Topola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyrabad-e Naser (Persian: خيرابادناصر‎, also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e Naāṣer; also known as Khairābād and Kheyrābād) is a village in Lishtar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kheyrabad-e Naser	Lishtar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soheyli (Persian: سهيلي‎, also Romanized as Soheylī and Suhaili) is a village in Angali Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Soheyli	Angali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzia (Bulgarian: Бързия, also transliterated as Burzia, Barziya, Burziya or Bŭrziya) is a village (село) in northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Berkovitsa Municipality (община Берковица) of the Montana Province (Област Монтана).	Barzia	Berkovitsa Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cuncunul Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``enchanted by others or vanity'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (315.52 km2) of land and located roughly 145 km east of the city of Mérida.	Cuncunul Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punta Gorda Middle School (PGMS) is a middle school in Punta Gorda, Florida operated by the Charlotte County Public Schools board.	Punta Gorda Middle School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwasielina (kfaɕeˈlina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kwasielina	Gmina Trzcinica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pecos Wilderness includes the southernmost extension of the Rocky Mountains in the sub-range of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of north central New Mexico.	Pecos Wilderness	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russów (ˈrussuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Russów	Gmina Żelazków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayham (2011 Population: 6,989) is a municipality in the southeast corner of Elgin County, Ontario, Canada.	Bayham	Elgin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buddusò (Gallurese: Buddusò, Sardinian: Uddusò) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Olbia-Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) north of Cagliari and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Olbia.	Buddusò	Province of Olbia-Tempio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laskowicki Tartak (laskɔˈvit͡ski ˈtartak) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Laskowicki Tartak	Gmina Prabuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Word Bookstore, or simply The Word is an independent bookstore in Montreal, Quebec, specializing in used philosophy and English poetry books located in the McGill Ghetto downtown.	The Word Bookstore	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montgomery Bell Tunnel, also known as the 'Patterson Forge Tunnel, in Cheatham County, Tennessee, is a 290-foot (88 m) long tunnel through limestone rock which was the first ``full-scale'' water diversion tunnel built in the United States.	Montgomery Bell Tunnel	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinnangudi is a tiny village in Illuppur taluk of Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu in India.	Pinnangudi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bromley Farm-Koizuma Hishinuma Farm is a historic farmstead in the vicinity of Brighton, Colorado, United States.	Bromley Farm-Koizuma Hishinuma Farm	Brighton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Nuoro (Italian: Provincia di Nuoro; Sardinian: Provìntzia de Nùgoro) is a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia, Italy.	Province of Nuoro	Sardinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandomineh (Persian: گندمينه‎, also Romanized as Gandomīneh and Gandmīneh) is a village in Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gandomineh	Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spicertown is a neighborhood within Akron, Ohio located in the area around Spicer and East Exchange Streets.	Spicertown	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paul Mellon Arts Center is an arts building on the campus of Choate Rosemary Hall school, Wallingford, Connecticut.	Paul Mellon Arts Center	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRUU-LP (100.1 FM) is a 100-watt non-commercial low-power community radio station operating in Fairfield, Iowa.	KRUU-LP	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fleggburgh is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, sometimes also known as Burgh St Margaret.	Fleggburgh	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newark Metropolitan Airport Buildings are at Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark, New Jersey,.	Newark Metropolitan Airport Buildings	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hara Arena is a 5,500-seat multi-purpose arena located in the Dayton, Ohio suburb of Trotwood.	Hara Arena	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torrão (European Portuguese: (tuˈʁɐ̃w)) is a civil parish and town, in the municipality of Alcácer do Sal, in the Portuguese district of Setúbal, bordering on the districts of Évora and the Beja.	Torrão	Alcácer do Sal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vučine (Serbian: Вучине) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vučine	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kirkpatrick House, also known as the Bradley House, is a historic house located on U.S. Route 331 west of Highland Home, Alabama.	Kirkpatrick House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulamara is a revenue village located in Simdega district of the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Kulamara	Jharkhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roxbury School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade in Roxbury Township, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Roxbury School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soleyman Kola (Persian: سليمان كلا‎, also Romanized as Soleymān Kolā) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Soleyman Kola	Feyziyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulabad (Persian: سول اباد‎, also Romanized as Sūlābād) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sulabad	Zardalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxenhope is a village and civil parish with a population of 2,476 near Keighley in the metropolitan borough of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England.	Oxenhope	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hochdorf District was one of the five Ämtern, or districts, of the German-speaking Canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.	Hochdorf District	Canton of Lucerne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fire Barn 5 or Fire Station 5 is a historic building in Elgin, Illinois.	Fire Barn 5	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehdulan (Persian: دهدولان‎, also Romanized as Dehdūlān; also known as Dehdolān) is a village in Sharabian Rural District, Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dehdulan	Sharabian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowielice (nɔvjɛˈlit͡sɛ) (German: Neuhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowielice	Gmina Trzebiatów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szamarzewo (ʂamaˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Szamarzewo	Gmina Kołaczkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joharapuram is village located in Aspari mandal in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Joharapuram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Black Sturgeon River is a river in the Nelson River drainage basin in Kenora District, northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Little Black Sturgeon River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arledge Field (FAA LID: F56) is a public general aviation airport located approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Stamford, Texas.	Arledge Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zavat-e Sharq (Persian: زوات شرق‎, also Romanized as Z̄avāt-e Sharq; also known as Zavāt and Zuvād) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zavat-e Sharq	Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Inner Harbor Navigation Canal (IHNC) Seabrook Floodgate Structure is a flood barrier in the Industrial Canal in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Seabrook Floodgate	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWOW (1360 AM) is an Oldies formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Conneaut, Ohio, serving Northwest Pennsylvania and Northeast Ohio.	WWOW	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The scientific periodical Parnassus Boicus began publication in Munich in 1722.	Parnassus Boicus	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	68 High Street, formerly the Children's Hospital, is an historic colonial revival building in Portland, Maine.	68 High Street	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenmare Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 7K5) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Kenmare, a city in Ward County, North Dakota, United States.	Kenmare Municipal Airport	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Al-Rahman mosque (Arabic: ``The Most Merciful'') in Baghdad, was intended to be one of the largest mosques in Iraq.	Al-Rahman mosque	Baghdad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dursun Khvajeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان دورسونخواجه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dursun Khvajeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Sar Tavileh (Persian: حسين ابادسرطويله‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sar Ţavīleh and Ḩoseynābād Sar Ţavīleh ; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rudbal Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Sar Tavileh	Rudbal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilsill is a village in Nidderdale in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England.	Wilsill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLBJ-FM (93.7 FM) is an album-oriented rock (AOR) music radio station serving the Austin, Texas area, broadcasting at 93.7 MHz from its broadcast tower on Austin's Mount Larson.	KLBJ-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swornegacie (sfɔrnɛˈɡat͡ɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Swornegacie	Gmina Chojnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sandra Day O'Connor United States Courthouse is a courthouse at 401 West Washington Street in Phoenix, Arizona.	Sandra Day O'Connor United States Courthouse	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lambach Abbey (German: Stift Lambach) is a Benedictine monastery in Lambach in the Wels-Land district of Upper Austria, Austria.	Lambach Abbey	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middletown Nature Gardens is located off Randolph Road in Middletown, Connecticut.	Middletown Nature Gardens	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Abid (Persian: بيدابيد‎, also Romanized as Bīd Ābīd; also known as Chāh Tolombeh-ye ''ājj Khorram) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bid Abid	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musser Scout Reservation is a Boy Scout camp located along the Unami Creek on over 1,400 acres (6 km2) of Marlborough Township, Pennsylvania.	Musser Scout Reservation	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nalband Garji (Persian: نعل بندگرجي‎, also Romanized as Na``lband Garjī; also known as Na``lband) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 4 families.	Nalband Garji	Jeygaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Grand Canyon is a box canyon located in Shawnee National Forest in Jackson County, Illinois south of Murphysboro.	Little Grand Canyon	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Darrah House and Water Tank House near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, were built in 1916 by Bill Darrah.	Darrah House and Water Tank House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brympton is a civil parish and electoral ward in Somerset, England.	Brympton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University Neuropsychiatric Institute (UNI), located in University of Utah Research Park in Salt Lake City, is a 120 bed mental health and substance abuse treatment institute for psychiatric treatment.	University Neuropsychiatric Institute	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Electric Telephone & Telegraph building is located in a small-scale commercial area just north of downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Union Electric Telephone & Telegraph	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Germain-lès-Arpajon is a commune in the Essonne department.	Saint-Germain-lès-Arpajon	Essonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omaha Country Club is a private country club in Omaha, Nebraska, located in the northern area of the city.	Omaha Country Club	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pireh Bar (Persian: پيره بر‎‎, also Romanized as Pīreh Bar; also known as Pīrbar) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pireh Bar	Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tramonti di Sopra (Friulian: Tramonç Disore, local variant Vildisora)is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of Pordenone.	Tramonti di Sopra	Province of Pordenone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hexhamshire was a county of Northern England.	Hexhamshire	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotagede (also Kota Gede, Javanese for ``Big City'') is a historic neighborhood in Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Kotagede	Yogyakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaibhavwadi taluka is a taluka in Kankavli subdivision of Sindhudurg district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Vaibhavwadi taluka	Sindhudurg district
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Stafford High School is one of the five high schools in the Stafford County, Virginia public school system.	North Stafford High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellenville High School is a co-ed high school in Ellenville, New York.	Ellenville High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lebanon College was a two-year private not-for-profit college located in Lebanon, New Hampshire.	Lebanon College	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ross Creek Bridge is a former railway bridge, now used as a pedestrian walkway in Ross Bridge park, Hoover, Alabama, USA.	Ross Creek Bridge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Barrackpur is a city and a municipality under Barrackpore/ Noapara police stations of Barrackpore subdivision in North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	North Barrackpur	North 24 Parganas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sand-e Hamzeh (Persian: سندحمزه‎, also Romanized as Sand-e Ḩamzeh and Sand Ḩamzeh; also known as Sand) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sand-e Hamzeh	Dashtiari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cat Canyon Oil Field is a large oil field in the Solomon Hills of central Santa Barbara County, California, about 10 miles southeast of Santa Maria.	Cat Canyon Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkside Whispering Pines, once known as Tall Maples Miniature Golf Course, is a miniature golf course and national historic district located at the hamlet of Sea Breeze in the town of Irondequoit in Monroe County, New York.	Parkside Whispering Pines	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	3RPH (1179 AM) is a radio station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	3RPH	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsinstikeptum 10, usually referred to as Tsinstikeptum Indian Reserve No. 10, is one of two Indian Reserves of the Westbank First Nation located in West Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.	Tsinstikeptum Indian Reserve No. 10	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrożne (ɔsˈtrɔʐnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ostrożne	Gmina Szumowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galupadeh (Persian: گلوپده‎, also Romanized as Galūpadeh and Gelūpadeh; also known as Kelūpadeh and Kelūpareh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Galupadeh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Matthew's Episcopal Day School is a private co-educational day school located in San Mateo, California.	Saint Matthew's Episcopal Day School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting occurred on December 14, 2012, in Newtown, Connecticut, when 20-year-old Adam Lanza fatally shot 20 children aged between 6 and 7 years old, as well as six adult staff members.	Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Pacyńska (ˈvɔla paˈt͡sɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacyna, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Pacyńska	Gmina Pacyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Renton History Museum is a repository for objects and archives significant to the city of Renton in the state of Washington, USA.	Renton History Museum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Cheh Robat (Persian: قره چه رباط‎, also Romanized as Qarah Cheh Robāţ; also known as Qarajeh Robāţ and Qareh Jarābād) is a village in Darband Rural District, Jolgeh Sankhvast District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qarah Cheh Robat	Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Biograph Theater, at 2433 North Lincoln Avenue, near Lincoln Park in Chicago, Illinois, was originally a movie theater but now presents live productions.	Biograph Theater	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomia (also spelled as Gumia) is a census town in Gomia block in Bermo subdivision of Bokaro district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Gomia	Bokaro district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stackpole Estate is located between the villages of Stackpole and Bosherston near Pembroke, Pembrokeshire.	Stackpole Estate	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corrimal High School is a comprehensive high school located in East Corrimal in Wollongong, New South Wales.	Corrimal High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montclair State University is a public research university located in the Upper Montclair section of Montclair, the Great Notch area of Little Falls, and the Montclair Heights section of Clifton, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.	Montclair State University	Clifton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diablo Lake is a reservoir in the North Cascade mountains of northern Washington state, United States.	Diablo Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Revolution Statuary is a group of fourteen statues in Washington, D.C., listed with the National Register of Historic Places.	American Revolution Statuary	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudabad-e Gudlar (Persian: محمودابادگودلر‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Gūdlar; also known as Gudali, Maḩmūdābād, and Makhmudabad) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mahmudabad-e Gudlar	Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golparak (Persian: گل پرك‎) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Golparak	Kuh Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Faliro Sports Pavilion Arena which is part of the Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Complex is an indoor arena in Palaio Faliro, near Athens, Greece.	Faliro Sports Pavilion Arena	Palaio Faliro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deli Rich-e Sofla (Persian: دلي ريچ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Delī Rīch-e Soflá) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deli Rich-e Sofla	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Hajj Hasan (Persian: كلاته حاج حسن‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājj Ḩasan; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājḩasan) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Hajj Hasan	Ghazali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhipinllwyd (or Rhippinllwyd) is a hamlet in the community of Beulah, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 69.3 miles (111.5 km) from Cardiff and 190.7 miles (307 km) from London.	Rhipinllwyd	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedlenko (bɛˈdlɛŋkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bedlenko	Gmina Końskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reflection Riding Arboretum and Nature Center (317 acres) is a nonprofit arboretum, botanical garden, nature center and historical site located at 400 Garden Road, Chattanooga, Tennessee.	Reflection Riding Arboretum and Nature Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hickory Ridge High School is a comprehensive public high school in Harrisburg, North Carolina.	Hickory Ridge High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutno County (Polish: powiat kutnowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Łódź Voivodeship, central Poland.	Kutno County	Łódź Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Derby Waterfront District in Salem, Massachusetts encompasses a historically significant portion of the waterfront area of the city.	Derby Waterfront District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topola Wielka (tɔˈpɔla ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Topola Wielka	Gmina Przygodzice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotstown (Irish: Baile an Scotaigh / An Bhoth) is a village in the townland of Bough in north County Monaghan, Ireland.	Scotstown	County Monaghan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varshets Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Вършец) is a municipality (obshtina) in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located on the northern slopes of the western Stara planina mountain to the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan.	Varshets Municipality	Montana Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tarbell Building is a historic commercial building located in the Village of Marathon in Cortland County, New York.	Tarbell Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chehreqan (Persian: چهرقان‎, also Romanized as Chehreqān and Chehraqān; also known as Charāghān and Cherāghān) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District, Milajerd District, Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Chehreqan	Khosrow Beyk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cossogno (Lombard: Cussögn) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) northeast of Turin and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Verbania.	Cossogno	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northgate Centre is a shopping mall located in the northern part of Edmonton, Alberta.	Northgate Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Llano County Courthouse and Jail were erected separately, but added to the National Register of Historic Places in Texas on December 2, 1977 as one entry.	Llano County Courthouse and Jail	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mi Kola (Persian: ميكلا‎, also Romanized as Mī Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mi Kola	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godrano (Sicilian: Cutranu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Palermo.	Godrano	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bipra Noapara is a census town under Domjur police station in Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Bipra Noapara	Howrah district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basheerbagh (Telugu: బషీర్బాగ్) is a city center of importance in Hyderabad.	Basheerbagh	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUSN (99.5 FM) is a radio station in Chicago, Illinois which plays mainly current new country, with some select 1990's tracks.	WUSN	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nicholas Carriger Estate (16-acre) is a collection of buildings located in Sonoma, California, United States.	Nicholas Carriger Estate	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipa-Krępa (ˈlipa ˈkrɛmpa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lipa-Krępa	Gmina Lipsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge in southeastern Virginia is located in the independent city of Virginia Beach.	Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red River Gorge is a canyon system on the Red River in east-central Kentucky.	Red River Gorge	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watertown Unified School District is a school district in Watertown, Wisconsin, about halfway between Madison and Milwaukee.	Watertown Unified School District	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwinnett College is a for-profit educational institution located in Lilburn, Georgia, a suburb of the Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area.	Gwinnett College	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirty Island Lake is a lake of southern Ontario, Canada, located northwest of Frontenac Provincial Park in Frontenac County.	Thirty Island Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ole Crogen Farm District is a historic place located in Bottineau County, North Dakota.	Ole Crogen Farm District	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wainwright Tomb is a mausoleum located in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri.	Wainwright Tomb	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Providence Stone Church is a historic church in Spottswood, Virginia in Augusta County, Virginia.	Old Providence Stone Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klempicz (ˈklɛmpit͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Klempicz	Gmina Lubasz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twardy Dół (ˈtfardɨ ˈduu̯) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Twardy Dół	Gmina Zblewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bald Knob Cross, officially known as the Bald Knob Cross of Peace, is a large white cross located in Alto Pass, Illinois, United States.	Bald Knob Cross	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Plymouth High School is the high school of New Plymouth, Idaho.	New Plymouth High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Star Baptist Church was a historic Baptist church located at Church and Wagner Streets in Tarboro, Edgecombe County, North Carolina.	Eastern Star Baptist Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greystead is a village in Northumberland, England west of Bellingham.	Greystead	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devrukh is a town in the tehsil of Sangameshwar in the Ratnagiri district of the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Devrukh	Ratnagiri district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strachoń (ˈstraxɔɲ) (German: Strachen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Strachoń	Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flavian Palace, also known as Domus Flavia, is a part of the vast residential complex of the Roman Emperors on the Palatine Hill in Rome.	Flavian Palace	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuppanatham Dam is a partially completed dam situated in Tiruvannamalai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kuppanatham Dam	Tiruvannamalai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cartwright Elementary School District is a school district in Phoenix, Arizona, United States which operates several elementary and middle schools.	Cartwright Elementary School District	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piekut (ˈpjɛkut) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Piekut	Gmina Chynów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennington No. 4, also known as the Bennington School, is a one-room schoolhouse near Waterloo, Iowa.	Bennington No. 4	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	W.H. Ruffner Academy is a middle school governed by Norfolk Public Schools.	W.H. Ruffner Academy	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skorocice (skɔrɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skorocice	Gmina Wiślica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little River Canyon Rim Parkway, also known as Alabama State Route 176, Dekalb County Road 148 and Cherokee County Road 275, forms a 22-mile (35 km) scenic drive following the 16-mile-long (26 km) Little River Canyon National Preserve in northeastern Alabama.	Little River Canyon Rim Parkway	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkaleh (Persian: پركله‎, also Romanized as Parkeleh; also known as Fār Qal``eh, Parkal, and Parkalehhā) is a village in Astaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 293, in 72 families.	Parkaleh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choate Bridge (1764) is a historic stone arch bridge carrying Route 1A/Route 133 (South Main Street) over the Ipswich River in Ipswich, Massachusetts.	Choate Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxen Park is a hamlet in the English county of Cumbria.	Oxen Park	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gathright Dam is an earthen and rolled rock-fill embankment dam on the Jackson River 19 miles (31 km) north of Covington, Virginia.	Gathright Dam	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flint East is an automobile component production complex owned by Delphi Corporation in Flint, Michigan.	Flint East	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirom-e Sofla (Persian: سيرم سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Sīrom-e Soflá) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sirom-e Sofla	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rydzyny (rɨˈd͡zɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rydzyny	Gmina Pabianice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakhk Rural District (Persian: دهستان كاخك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kakhk Rural District	Kakhk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rąkcice (rɔŋkˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rąkcice	Gmina Mała Wieś
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hermuk (Persian: هرموك‎, also Romanized as Hermūk) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hermuk	Montazeriyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Trenton (IATA: YTR, ICAO: CYTR) (also CFB Trenton) is a Canadian Forces base located within the city of Quinte West, Ontario.	CFB Trenton	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesa Community College (MCC) in Mesa, Arizona, is the largest of the 10 community colleges in the Maricopa County Community College District, which is the largest community college district in the United States in terms of enrollment.	Mesa Community College	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bethesda Meeting House (BMH) is a historic Presbyterian church complex located at Bethesda, Montgomery County, Maryland, USA.	Bethesda Meeting House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Kachali (Persian: حسين ابادكچلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kachalī and Ḩoseynābād Kachalī; also known as Chāchaliyeh, Chāchīlīyeh, Ḩasanābād, Ḩasanābād Kachalī, and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Kachali	Qahab-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łumpia (ˈwumpja) (German Lomp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łumpia	Gmina Świątki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taghandik (Persian: تغنديك‎, also Romanized as Taghāndik and Taqāndik; also known as Taghandak) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taghandik	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambrose is a hamlet east of Portreath in west Cornwall, England, UK.	Cambrose	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cawsand (Cornish: Porthbugh) and Kingsand are twin villages in southeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Cawsand	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claremore Regional Airport (ICAO: KGCM, FAA LID: GCM) is a city owned, public use airport located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) east of the central business district of Claremore, a city in Rogers County, Oklahoma, United States.	Claremore Regional Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dołha (ˈdɔu̯xa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dołha	Gmina Drelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Falahat (Persian: مزرعه فلاحت‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Falāḥat) is a village in Kenarshahr Rural District, in the Central District of Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Falahat	Kenarshahr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodcrest Christian High School is a private, Christian high school located just outside the city limits of Riverside, California, United States, in the census-designated place of Woodcrest.	Woodcrest Christian High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żywy (ˈʐɨvɨ) (German: Siewen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żywy	Gmina Kruklanki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brunnion is a hamlet between Trencrom and Nancledra in west Cornwall, England, UK.	Brunnion	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porthgwidden (Cornish: Porth Gwydn, meaning white cove) is a small hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Porthgwidden	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Munich Public School District is a public school district in Cavalier County, North Dakota in the United States, based in Munich, North Dakota.	Munich Public School District	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosa Khutor Extreme Park (Russian: Роза Хутор) under license from The Extreme Sports Company and part of the Extreme Hotel, Sochi development, is a skiing venue located west of the Rosa Khutor plateau in Krasnaya Polyana, Russia.	Rosa Khutor Extreme Park	Sochi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kızılcahamam is a town and district of Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, 70 km north of the city of Ankara, near the motorway to Istanbul.	Kızılcahamam	Ankara Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komi-Permyak Autonomous Okrug (Russian: Коми-Пермяцкий автономный округ) was an autonomous okrug in Perm Oblast, Russia.	Komi-Permyak Autonomous Okrug	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phillip Walker House (also known as the Philip Walker House or Deacon Walker House) is an historic American Colonial house on 432 Massasoit Avenue in East Providence, Rhode Island.	Phillip Walker House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al Muharraq Stadium is a multi-use stadium situated in Arad, Bahrain.	Al Muharraq Stadium	Arad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Point High School is a public school of the Rocky Point Union Free School District along the north shore of Long Island, located in Rocky Point, New York.	Rocky Point High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quiver Tree Forest (Kokerboom Woud in Afrikaans) is a forest and tourist attraction of southern Namibia.	Quiver Tree Forest	Namibia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shania Twain Centre was a city-owned tourist attraction that operated in Timmins, Ontario from 2001 to 2013.	Shania Twain Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	One America Plaza is the tallest building in San Diego, California and a prominent fixture in the waterfront district of the downtown San Diego skyline.	One America Plaza	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langdell Hall is the largest building on the campus of Harvard Law School in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Langdell Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mainstreet Theater, also commonly referred to as The Empire Theater, is a historic theater located at 1400 Main Street in downtown Kansas City, Missouri.	Mainstreet Theater	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mid-Peninsula High School (Mid-Pen) is an independent non-profit and non-sectarian coeducational college preparatory high school located in Menlo Park, California.	Mid-Peninsula High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cortana Mall (formerly The Mall at Cortana) is a mid-tier shopping mall in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and is at the intersection of Airline Hwy. and Florida Blvd. Opening in 1976, it was one of the top 10 largest malls in the world.	Cortana Mall	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vavali Gardan (Persian: وولي گردن‎, also Romanized as Vavalī Gardan) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vavali Gardan	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swan's Landing Archeological Site is an archaeological site from the Early Archaic period in Harrison County, Indiana, United States.	Swan's Landing Archeological Site	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRXF (92.9 FM) is a commercial modern rock music radio station in Bend, Oregon, broadcasting to the Bend, Oregon, area.	KRXF	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podgorets is a village in Ruen Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.	Podgorets	Ruen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clarence Sports Centre is a multi-sport facility within the suburb of Montagu Bay in the City of Clarence, Tasmania, Australia.	Clarence Sports Centre	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bračna Vas (pronounced (ˈbɾaːtʃna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Bračna vas, German: Bratschendorf) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Bračna Vas	Brežice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfang (Persian: اسفنگ‎, also Romanized as Esfanag; also known as Espeng) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Esfang	Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheram (Persian: چرم‎) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheram	Sang Bast Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old St. Luke's Hospital is a historic U.S. hospital in Jacksonville, Florida.	Old St. Luke's Hospital	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyvani (Persian: ايواني‎, also Romanized as Eyvānī; also known as Ḩabvānī, Haiwāni, and Ḩeyvānī) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Eyvani	Qaedrahmat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Martilla-Pettingel and Gorder General Merchandise Store is a historic store located at 515-516 Main St. in Frederick, South Dakota.	Martilla-Pettingel and Gorder General Merchandise Store	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Siah (Persian: چم سياه‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Sīāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham-e Siah	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Governor Greene Cemetery, frequently called the Governor Greene Lot, is designated as Rhode Island Historical Cemetery, Warwick, #40, and is a late colonial cemetery located in Warwick, Rhode Island near the East Greenwich town line.	Governor Greene Cemetery	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dragão Caixa is an indoor arena located in Porto, Portugal, which houses the basketball, handball and roller hockey teams of FC Porto.	Dragão Caixa	Porto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katras is a semi-urban area/kasbaa notified area in Dhanbad district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Katras	Dhanbad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Odeonsplatz is a large square in central Munich which was developed in the early 19th century by Leo von Klenze and is at the southern end of the Ludwigstraße, developed at the same time.	Odeonsplatz	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rashidali (Persian: رشيدعلي‎, also Romanized as Rashīd``alī) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 31 families.	Rashidali	Haft Ashiyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Officially named F.W. Gross High School on January 2, 1936, the Victoria Colored School, in Victoria County, Texas, United States, was built in 1901 under authorization of the newly elected school board.	Victoria Colored School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philip G. Cochran Memorial United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building located in Dawson, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Cochran Memorial United Methodist Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Diego County Fair (formerly called the Del Mar Fair) is a county fair held every summer at the Del Mar Fairgrounds in Del Mar, California.	San Diego County Fair	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunshine Coast Regional District of British Columbia is located on the southern mainland coast, across Georgia Strait from Vancouver Island.	Sunshine Coast Regional District	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ferndale Public Library was built in 1909 as Carnegie Grant Library on donated land and supported by the city of Ferndale, California, until becoming part of the Humboldt County Library system in 1915.	Ferndale Public Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington Southwest is an unoccupied cemetery located in Brewster County, Texas, 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Alpine along U.S. Highway 90.	Arlington Southwest	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildcat Canyon Regional Park is a 2,429-acre (983 ha) East Bay Regional Parks District park located within the city limits of Richmond in Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay Area of California.	Wildcat Canyon Regional Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raymond Gary State Park is an Oklahoma state park located in southeast Oklahoma.	Raymond Gary State Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Yaddam (Persian: سيديديم‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Yaddām) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Yaddam	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reduty (rɛˈdutɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Reduty	Gmina Orla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grandfather Falls is the highest waterfall on the Wisconsin River.	Grandfather Falls	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glacier Pass (81°56′07``N 71°38′39''W) is a mountain pass on northern Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Glacier Pass	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asthal or Asthall is a village and civil parish on the River Windrush in Oxfordshire, about 6 miles (10 km) west of Witney.	Asthall	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palacios Municipal Airport (IATA: PSX, ICAO: KPSX, FAA LID: PSX) is a city owned,public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Palacios, a city in Matagorda County, Texas, United States.	Palacios Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRJD is a radio station based in Durham, North Carolina that broadcasts on 1410 AM which currently broadcasts a Spanish Christian format.	WRJD	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Puybardeau is a château or country house in Lignerolles, a small town and commune in the Indre département of France.	Château de Puybardeau	Lignerolles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonkuy-e Ashayir Shaban Kareh (Persian: بنكوي عشايرشبانكاره‎, also Romanized as Bonkūy-e ``Ashāyīr Shabān Kāreh) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 308, in 75 families.	Bonkuy-e Ashayir Shaban Kareh	Jaydasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clutts House is a historic residence in the city of Wellston in Jackson County, Ohio, United States.	Clutts House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owbqun (Persian: اوبقون‎, also Romanized as Owbqūn) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Owbqun	Dasht-e Lali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cherry Creek Bridge is a concrete arch bridge spanning Cherry Creek near Franktown, Colorado.	Cherry Creek Bridge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grove Hill Mansion is an historic mansion at Florence Road and Front Street in Northampton, Massachusetts.	Grove Hill Mansion	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Kol Shofar is a Conservative synagogue founded in 1962 and located in Tiburon, California.	Congregation Kol Shofar	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upamaka is a village in Nakkapalle mandal of Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh in India, where an ancient temple of Lord Venkateswara Swamy is present.	Upamaka	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vicoli is a comune and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy 41 kilometres (25 mi) from the provincial capital of Pescara.	Vicoli	Province of Pescara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawkshead is a village and civil parish in Cumbria, England, which attracts tourists to the South Lakeland area.	Hawkshead	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buzanjan-e Olya (Persian: بوزنجان عليا‎, also Romanized as Būzanjān-e ``Olyā; also known as Būzanjān) is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 105, in 29 families.	Buzanjan-e Olya	Beyza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tour Bretagne (Brittany Tower in English) opened on November 18, 1976 at 5pm, is a 37 stories skyscraper situated in downtown Nantes between a main thoroughfare, Cours des 50 Otages, and Place Bretagne (Brittany square).	Tour Bretagne	Nantes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area codes 778 and 236 are overlay area codes for the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Area codes 778 and 236	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armamar (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐɾmɐˈmaɾ)) is a municipality in Viseu District in Portugal.	Armamar	Viseu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Claire Trevor School of the Arts (CTSA, Claire Trevor) is an academic unit at the University of California, Irvine focused on the performing and visual arts.	Claire Trevor School of the Arts	Irvine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Dwór-Leśniczówka (ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowy Dwór-Leśniczówka	Gmina Lidzbark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lardeh Shur (Persian: لرده شور‎, also Romanized as Lardeh Shūr and Lardehshūr) is a village in Oryad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Lardeh Shur	Oryad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadi Kiashar (Persian: هادي كياشر‎, also Romanized as Hādī Kīāshar; also known as Hadi Kiasar, Hādī Kīyā Shahr, and Haji Shir Kia) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hadi Kiashar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Mehdiabad-e Samanjerd (Persian: تلمبه مهدي ابادسامانجرد‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mehdīābād-e Sāmānjerd) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Mehdiabad-e Samanjerd	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Vali (Persian: باباولي‎, also Romanized as Bābā Valī and Bābāwāli) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Baba Vali	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences (ANAS) (Azeri: Azərbaycan Milli Elmlər Akademiyası (AMEA)), located in Baku, is the main state research organization and the primary body that conducts research and coordinates activities in the fields of science and social sciences in Azerbaijan.	Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences	Baku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayes School is a mixed secondary school with academy status located in the village of Hayes within the London Borough of Bromley.	Hayes School	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rainbow District School Board (known as English-language Public District School Board No. 3 prior to 1999) covers a geographic area of more than 14,757 square kilometers in the heart of Rainbow Country and is the largest public school board in Northern Ontario.	Rainbow District School Board	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikam is a small estate town in Hilir Perak, Perak, Malaysia.	Bikam	Perak
located in the administrative territorial entity	The General Electric Switchgear Plant is a historic factory building located at 421 North 7th Street at Willow Street in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	General Electric Switchgear Plant	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzięgielewo (d͡ʑɛnɡʲɛˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dzięgielewo	Gmina Gozdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Karam (Persian: باباكرم‎, also Romanized as Bābā Karam) is a village in Babarashani Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Baba Karam	Babarashani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kar Nowkar (Persian: كرنوكر‎‎) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kar Nowkar	Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gäufelden is a municipality in the administrative district of Böblingen, in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Gäufelden	Böblingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Philadelphia Inquirer is a morning daily newspaper that serves the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area of the United States.	The Philadelphia Inquirer	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Operation Teapot was a series of fourteen nuclear test explosions conducted at the Nevada Test Site in the first half of 1955.	Operation Teapot	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conservation Garden Park is located on the grounds of Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District at 8215 South 1300 West, West Jordan, Utah.	Conservation Garden Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holyrood Abbey Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Holyrood Abbey Church	Scotland	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belvedur (pronounced (bɛlʋɛˈduːɾ); Italian: Belvedere) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Belvedur	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverland Terrace, developed starting in the 1920s, is James Island, South Carolina's oldest neighborhood.	Riverland Terrace	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawady Stare (zaˈvadɨ ˈstarɛ) (``Old Zawady'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zawady Stare	Gmina Nowe Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ancora Psychiatric Hospital is a 532 active bed (709 capacity) hospital located in the Ancora section of Winslow Township, New Jersey.	Ancora Psychiatric Hospital	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dohnsen is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in northern Celle district on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany.	Dohnsen	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daman Jan (Persian: دامنجان‎, also Romanized as Dāman Jān) is a village in Abarghan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Daman Jan	Abarghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nauset Light, officially Nauset Beach Light, is a lighthouse in Eastham, Massachusetts.	Nauset Light	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haeju is a city located in South Hwanghae Province near Haeju Bay in North Korea.	Haeju	South Hwanghae Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milford Haven (/ˈmɪlfəd ˈheɪvən/; Welsh: Aberdaugleddau, meaning ``mouth of the two Rivers Cleddau'') is a town and community in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Milford Haven	Pembrokeshire	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batlaq (Persian: باطلاق‎, also Romanized as Bāţlāq) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Batlaq	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Máfil (Mapudungun for embraced between rivers) is a town and commune of the Valdivia Province, Los Ríos Region in southern Chile, about 30 km northeast of Valdivia.	Máfil	Valdivia Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tregaswith (grid reference SW894626) is a hamlet in the parish of St Columb Major, Cornwall.	Tregaswith	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siam Square is in Pathum Wan district and is bordered by Henri Dunant, Rama I and Phaya Thai roads.	Siam Square	Pathum Wan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naseran (Persian: ناصران‎, also Romanized as Nāşerān) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Naseran	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 January 1966 Setskog merged with Nordre Høland, Søndre Høland and Aurskog to form the new municipality Aurskog-Høland.	Setskog	Aurskog-Høland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iltur is a remote Pitjantjatjara homeland in the Great Victoria Desert of South Australia.	Iltur	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liberty Tunnels (also known as the Liberty Tubes) are a pair of tunnels located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that allow motorists to travel between the South Hills of Pittsburgh and the city, through Mt.	Liberty Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern State Correctional Facility (SSCF) is a prison for men located in Delmont, Maurice River Township, New Jersey.	Southern State Correctional Facility	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tidewater Academy is a private school in Wakefield, Virginia which was founded in 1964 as a segregation academy.	Tidewater Academy	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belgrave (Puffing Billy) railway station is situated in Belgrave, a suburb of Melbourne in the Australian state of Victoria.	Belgrave (Puffing Billy) railway station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bellevue Bridge (known as the Bellevue Toll Bridge and officially called the Grand Army of the Republic Bridge) is a continuous truss bridge over the Missouri River connecting Mills County, Iowa and Sarpy County, Nebraska at Bellevue, Nebraska.	Bellevue Bridge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zanzibar Tavern in Toronto, Ontario is an adult entertainment nightclub and local landmark found on Toronto's Yonge Street strip.	Zanzibar Tavern	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xeresa (Valencian pronunciation: (ʃeˈɾeza), Spanish: Jeresa) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Xeresa	Safor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wayzata High School is located in Plymouth, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis-St. Paul.	Wayzata High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruki Kokocka (ˈbruki kɔˈkɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Unisław, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bruki Kokocka	Gmina Unisław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sijavand (Persian: سيجاوند‎, also Romanized as Sījāvand; also known as Sejāvand and Sajāwand) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District, Salami District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sijavand	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florham Park School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Florham Park, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Florham Park School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Farms Mall is a one-story shopping mall in Hadley, Massachusetts, United States, with approximately 12 stores.	Mountain Farms Mall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Malek (Persian: چشمه ملك‎; also known as Darreh Dīvīn, Dewīn, Dīrchīn, Dīvīn, and Dīvjīn) is a village in Abaru Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Malek	Abaru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	A rapidly expanding centre of sub-tropical and allied horticulture, Kerikeri is in the Far North District of the North Island and lies at the western extremity of the Kerikeri Inlet, a northwestern arm of the Bay of Islands, where fresh water of the Kerikeri River enters the salty Pacific Ocean.	Kerikeri	Far North District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ichi Daraq (Persian: ايچي درق‎, also Romanized as Īchī Daraq) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ichi Daraq	Keyvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wocławy (vɔt͡sˈwavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wocławy	Gmina Cedry Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirza Bahram Beygi (Persian: ميرزابهرام بيگي‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā Bahrām Beygī) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mirza Bahram Beygi	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirgah Naqshineh (Persian: ميرگه نقشينه‎, also Romanized as Mīrgah Naqshīneh) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mirgah Naqshineh	Mir Deh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacobus Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church on Mays Landing Road and Route 54 in Folsom, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Jacobus Evangelical Lutheran Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Chub (Persian: سه چوب‎, also Romanized as Seh Chūb) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Seh Chub	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avenue des Ternes is an avenue in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, between Place des Ternes and boulevard Gouvion-Saint-Cyr.	Avenue des Ternes	17th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avalon School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Avalon, New Jersey, United States.	Avalon School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hill of Beath ( listen ; Hill o Beath in Scots) is a hill and a village in Fife, Scotland just outside Dunfermline and joined to Cowdenbeath.	Hill of Beath	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sehriq (Persian: سهريق‎, also Romanized as Seḩrīq) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sehriq	Peyghan Chayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jovonak (Persian: جونك‎, also Romanized as Javanak and Javūnak) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Jovonak	Dasht-e Rum Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Track is a half-mile (900 m) harness racing track in Goshen, New York.	Historic Track	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Rock Desert volcanic field in Millard County, Utah, is a cluster of several volcanic features of the Great Basin such as Pavant Butte and Tabernacle Hill.	Black Rock Desert volcanic field	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hot Springs Airport (FAA LID: S09) is a county-owned public-use airport in Sanders County, Montana, United States.	Hot Springs Airport	Sanders County	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mała Wola (ˈmawa ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mała Wola	Gmina Czerniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Dayton was an American Revolutionary War fort located on the North side of the Mohawk River at West Canada Creek, in what is now Herkimer, New York.	Fort Dayton	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sanford Center is a 4,700-seat multi-purpose arena and convention center in Bemidji, Minnesota, United States that opened in October 2010.	Sanford Center	Bemidji, Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heronsgate (or formerly Herringsgate) is a settlement on the outskirts of Chorleywood, Hertfordshire founded by Feargus O'Connor and the Chartist Cooperative Land Company (later the National Land Company) as O'Connorsville or O'Connorville in 1846.	Heronsgate	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalon Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Vincent de Chalon-sur-Saône) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral located in Chalon-sur-Saône.	Chalon Cathedral	Chalon-sur-Saône
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Faraj (Persian: چم فرج‎; also known as Cham Faraj-e Yek) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham Faraj	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamma Hamma River is a river on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington.	Hamma Hamma River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mary Green Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington, on the east slopes of Bonanza Peak, the tallest non-volcanic peak in the Cascade Range.	Mary Green Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotlar (Persian: كتلر‎) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kotlar	Sudlaneh Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felanitx is a municipality in the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands, located in the southeast of Majorca, 48 kilometres (30 miles) from the capital Palma de Mallorca.	Felanitx	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davis Square is a major intersection in the northwestern section of Somerville, Massachusetts where several streets meet:	Davis Square	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qamarqan (Persian: قمرقان‎, also Romanized as Qamarqān and Qamarghān) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qamarqan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gottleuba Dam is the second highest dam in Saxony, Germany.	Gottleuba Dam	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowershall is a village in Fife, Scotland, UK, situated near Craigluscar Hill, two miles north of Dunfermline, one mile north of Townhill, and to the west of Loch Fitty, south of the B915.	Bowershall	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maison Mantin (French pronunciation: ​(mɛzɔ̃ mɑ̃tɛ̃); ``Mantin House'') is a late 19th-century French mansion located in the town of Moulins (Arrondissement de Moulins) in the Allier department of central France.	Maison Mantin	Moulins
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Marino is a 16th-century palace located in Piazza della Scala, in the centre of Milan, Italy.	Palazzo Marino	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Gate Railroad Museum (reporting mark GGMX) is a non-profit railroad museum in California that is dedicated to the preservation of steam and passenger railroad equipment, as well as the interpretation of local railroad history.	Golden Gate Railroad Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blaine Smith House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon, is a two-story single dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Blaine Smith House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Cabarrus High School, commonly referred to locally as Central or CCHS, is a comprehensive public high school located in Concord, North Carolina.	Central Cabarrus High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabolotiv (Ukrainian: Заболотів, Polish: Zabłotów, Yiddish: זאַבלאטאוו‎) is an urban-type settlement in Sniatyn Raion of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast in Western Ukraine.	Zabolotiv	Sniatyn Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brightlingsea is a coastal town and an electoral ward in the Tendring district of Essex, England.	Brightlingsea	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaramushi (Persian: ياراموشي‎, also Romanized as Yārāmūshī; also known as Yaramiri (Persian: ياراميري), also Romanized as Yārāmīrī) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Yaramushi	Itivand-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Art Institute of Washington opened in January 2000 in The Ames Center at 1820 North Fort Myer Drive in Arlington, Virginia in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area .	The Art Institute of Washington	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bronzewing Gold Mine is a gold mine located approximately 83 km north-east of Leinster, Western Australia.	Bronzewing Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The operator, the Saxony-Anhalt Dam Company (Talsperrenbetrieb Sachsen-Anhalt), has made the Wendefurth Dam accessible to visitors.	Wendefurth Dam	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Modrý Kameň (German: Blauenstein; Hungarian: Kékkő) is a town and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Modrý Kameň	Veľký Krtíš District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Orange School District is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the city of East Orange, New Jersey.	East Orange School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castlefield is an inner city conservation area of Manchester in North West England.	Castlefield	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montlake Bridge is a double-leaf bascule bridge that carries State Route 513 (Montlake Boulevard) over Seattle's Montlake Cut--part of the Lake Washington Ship Canal--connecting Montlake and the University District.	Montlake Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narmeh-ye Sofla (Persian: نارمه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nārmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Narmeh-ye Sofla	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiasarlat (Persian: كياسرلات‎, also Romanized as Kīāsarlāt) is a village in Asara Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Kiasarlat	Asara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Coalinga Municipal Airport (IATA: CLG, FAA LID: C80) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) east of the central business district of Coalinga, in Fresno County, California, United States.	New Coalinga Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenberg County Park, formerly Wenberg State Park, is a 46-acre (18.6 ha) park located on the shores of Lake Goodwin in the community of Lake Goodwin, Washington.	Wenberg County Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pukarzów-Kolonia (puˈkaʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pukarzów-Kolonia	Gmina Łaszczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fasty (ˈfastɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Fasty	Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Gav (Persian: چشمه گاو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Gāv, Chashmeh Gav, and Chashmeh-i-Gav) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Gav	Naharjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węgleszyn (vɛŋˈɡlɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Węgleszyn	Gmina Oksa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaliwie-Szpinki (zaˈlivjɛ ˈʂpiŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zaliwie-Szpinki	Gmina Mokobody
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stinson Gulch is a valley in Marin County, California, United States which is associated with a small stream.	Stinson Gulch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langedijke (West Frisian: Langedike) is a village consisting of about 290 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Langedijke	Ooststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crystal Springs Uplands School is an independent, coeducational, college prep day school with 350 students (grades 6-12) in Hillsborough, California, United States.	Crystal Springs Uplands School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chicago Lawn Branch is a Chicago Public Library located in the Chicago Lawn neighborhood of Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Chicago Lawn Branch	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieroszyno-Wybudowanie (mjɛrɔˈʂɨnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mieroszyno-Wybudowanie	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Park Plaza is a 15 story, commercial office complex in Downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Central Park Plaza	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wokingham Without is a civil parish in the Wokingham district of the English county of Berkshire.	Wokingham Without	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yalbandan-e Sara (Persian: يالبندان سرا‎, also Romanized as Yālbandān-e Sarā; also known as Yālbandānsarā) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Yalbandan-e Sara	Kelarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duncan Ridge Trail is a hiking trail that has been designated as a National Recreation Trail in Georgia.	Duncan Ridge Trail	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presque Isle High School is a secondary school for students located in Presque Isle, Maine.	Presque Isle High School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawn-Euphemia is a township in southwestern Ontario, Canada, in Lambton County.	Dawn-Euphemia	Lambton County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Francis Malbone House is a historic house at 392 Thames Street in Newport in Newport, Rhode Island.	Francis Malbone House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardudar (Persian: اردودر‎, also Romanized as Ardūdar, Ardūdār, and Ordūdār) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ardudar	Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arnaveh (Persian: ارناوه‎, also Romanized as Ārnāveh and Arnāveh; also known as Aznāveh) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Arnaveh	Atrak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dragon Run Farm is a historic farm located at Kirkwood, New Castle County, Delaware.	Dragon Run Farm	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghusian is a village near Nokha, in Rohtas district of Bihar state, India.	Ghusian	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo National Park was created near the town of Wainwright in east central Alberta on June 5, 1909.	Buffalo National Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canada Place is a building situated on the Burrard Inlet waterfront of Vancouver, British Columbia.	Canada Place	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Entertainment Building (Chinese: 娛樂行) is an office building in Central, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Entertainment Building	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ephriam M. Baynard House is a historic home in Auburndale, Florida, located at 208 West Lake Avenue.	Ephriam M. Baynard House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liu Shaoqi's Former Residence (simplified Chinese: 刘少奇故居; traditional Chinese: 劉少奇故居; pinyin: Liú Shàoqí Gùjū) was built in the late Qing Dynasty, it is located in Huaminglou Town of Ningxiang County, Hunan Province, in the People's Republic of China.	Liu Shaoqi's Former Residence	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizer Kola (Persian: ديزركلا‎, also Romanized as Dīzer Kolā) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dizer Kola	Baladeh Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tawęcino (tavɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German Tauentzien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tawęcino	Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musa Kuh (Persian: موسي كوه‎, also Romanized as Mūsá Kūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Musa Kuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yenifoça (meaning ``New Foça'' in Turkish, the words sometimes spelled separately as ``Yeni Foça'') is a suburb of the Foça district, in Turkey's İzmir Province.	Yenifoça	Foça
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valledolmo (Sicilian: Vaddilurmu) (Valley of the Elm) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Palermo.	Valledolmo	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mille Lacs National Wildlife Refuge is a 0.57 acre (2,300 m2) National Wildlife Refuge in central Minnesota.	Mille Lacs National Wildlife Refuge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fletnowo (flɛtˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Fletnowo	Gmina Dragacz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bete Grise (from the French Bête grise, ``Gray Beast'') is a nature preserve Keweenaw Peninsula, in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, beach and bay on Lake Superior, where the sand is said to ``sing'' in situ.	Bete Grise	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varberg Municipality (Varbergs kommun) is a municipality in Halland County, in southwest Sweden.	Varberg Municipality	Halland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greene County Almshouse is a historic poorhouse located in Greene County, Illinois, along a township road northeast of the city of Carrollton.	Greene County Almshouse	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Most of Žižkov lies in the municipal and administrative district of Prague 3, except for very small parts which are in Prague 8 and Prague 10.	Žižkov	Prague 3
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanqormeh (Persian: قانقرمه‎, also Romanized as Qānqormeh) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qanqormeh	Gorganbuy Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gola Dhoro is an archaeological site belonging to Indus Valley Civilization, situated at the head of the Gulf of Kutch, near Bagasara in Kutch district of Gujarat, India.	Gola Dhoro	Bagasara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watkinson School is a private coeducational independent day school in Hartford, Connecticut.	Watkinson School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ed R. Levin County Park is the largest park in Milpitas, California.	Ed R. Levin County Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barg-e Najaf (Persian: برگنجف‎, also Romanized as Barg-e Najaft; also known as Najaft) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Barg-e Najaf	Gerit Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahatma Gandhi University, Nalgonda is a public university located at Nalgonda district, Telangana, India.	Mahatma Gandhi University, Nalgonda	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yattendon is a geographically small village and civil parish 7 miles (11 km) northeast of Newbury, Berkshire.	Yattendon	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	72 Market Street Oyster Bar and Grill was a popular Venice, California restaurant founded in 1983 and launched by Tony Bill and Dudley Moore.	72 Market Street Oyster Bar and Grill	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navasar (Persian: ناوسر‎, also Romanized as Nāvasar) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Navasar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karaf Kol (Persian: كرف كل‎'; also known as Korfgol-e Chushal) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Karaf Kol	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kraus Corset Factory is a historic industrial property at Roosevelt Drive and Third Street in Derby, Connecticut.	Kraus Corset Factory	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Graves Creek Ranger Station is a small historic district in Olympic National Park, Washington, USA.	Graves Creek Ranger Station	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaltukatjara (25.788763°S 128.997345°E) is a remote Indigenous Australian community in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Kaltukatjara	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yvonne A. Ewell Townview Magnet Center (TMC) is a complex of schools in East Oak Cliff, Dallas, Texas.	Yvonne A. Ewell Townview Magnet Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Homathko River is one of the major rivers of the southern Coast Mountains of British Columbia, and one of the few rivers that penetrates the range from the Chilcotin Plateau to the coastal inlets, entering the sea at the head of Bute Inlet adjacent to the mouth of the Southgate River, just to its east.	Homathko River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton Ferrers is a village in the civil parish of Newton and Noss in the English county of Devon, about 6 miles (10 km) south-east of Plymouth on the River Yealm estuary.	Newton Ferrers	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Monkton is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 2 miles (3.2 km) north east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	West Monkton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gugeli (Persian: گوگلي‎, also Romanized as Gūgelī, Gowglī, Gūglī, Kūkelī, and Kowkelī; also known as Gugi) is a village in Takmaran Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gugeli	Takmaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesahchie Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington, in a cirque to the northeast of Mesahchie Peak.	Mesahchie Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manning Bowl is a former American football and soccer stadium located in Lynn, Massachusetts.	Manning Bowl	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roztopczyn (rɔsˈtɔpt͡ʂɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Roztopczyn	Gmina Cewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Struvenburg was a medieval castle immediately east of Benzingerode, a village in the borough of Wernigerode in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Struvenburg	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pstrowice (pstrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pstrowice	Gmina Pyrzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coelemu is a Chilean commune and city in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.	Coelemu	Ñuble Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capitan Grande Reservation is a Kumeyaay Indian reservation in San Diego County, California, jointly controlled by the Barona Group of Capitan Grande Band of Mission Indians and Viejas Group of Capitan Grande Band of Mission Indians.	Capitan Grande Reservation	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cuddesdon is a mainly rural village in South Oxfordshire centred 5.5 miles (9 km) ESE of Oxford.	Cuddesdon	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostelní Myslová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkostɛlɲiː ˈmɪslovaː)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Kostelní Myslová	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muri-ye Ajam (Persian: موري اجم‎, also Romanized as Mūrī-ye Ājam) is a village in Ajam Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Muri-ye Ajam	Ajam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anhar-e Sofla (Persian: انهرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Anhar-e Soflá; also known as Anhar) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Anhar-e Sofla	Rowzeh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çeltik (Turkish: çeltik, ``paddy, rice in a husk'') is a town and district of Konya Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Çeltik	Konya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 'Old Spanish Treasure Cave' is located on Hwy 59 between Sulphur Springs and Gravette, Arkansas in the northwest corner of the state.	Old Spanish Treasure Cave	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grzybiany (ɡʐɨˈbjanɨ) (German: Greibnig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grzybiany	Gmina Kunice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tualatin Valley Academy (TVA) is a kindergarten-through-eighth-grade private school in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Tualatin Valley Academy	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Seboeis River is a short stream in Maine Township 4, Range 7, WELS, Penobscot County, Maine.	Little Seboeis River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fourche River is a minor tributary of the Black River located in Northeast Arkansas and ending in Randolph County, Arkansas near Pocahontas, where it enters the Black River.	Fourche River	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luddan (Urdu: لُڈّن‎), is a town located on the bank of the Sutlej in Vehari District Punjab, Pakistan.	Luddan	Vehari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieszałki (mjɛˈʂau̯ki) (formerly German Grünewald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mieszałki	Gmina Grzmiąca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellefonte Academy was a historic school building located at Bellefonte, Centre County, Pennsylvania.	Bellefonte Academy	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Urbana College Historic Buildings are a historic district on the campus of Urbana University in Urbana, Ohio, United States.	Urbana College Historic Buildings	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	SanTan Village is an open-air, super regional lifestyle center located in Gilbert, Arizona that spans 1,200,000 square feet (110,000 m2) of gross leasable area.	SanTan Village	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikoszów (miˈkɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mikoszów	Gmina Strzelin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hill Cemetery and Parson Hubbard House Historic District encompasses a historic cemetery and parsonage in Shelburne, Massachusetts.	Hill Cemetery and Parson Hubbard House Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowlinge, pronounced ``Coolinje'', is a picturesque English village located in the southwest corner of Suffolk, close to the Cambridgeshire and Essex borders.	Cowlinge	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Joseph Peninsula is located in Gulf County, Florida, in the panhandle of Florida, at coordinates 29°42′55``N 85°23′05''W. It is a 15-mile long spit, extending northward from Cape San Blas between the Gulf of Mexico to the west and St. Joseph Bay to the east.	St. Joseph Peninsula	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaman-e Golin (Persian: چمن گلين‎, also Romanized as Chaman-e Golīn; also known as Chaman) is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chaman-e Golin	Direh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The L. D. M. Sweat Memorial Galleries are a series of art galleries that are part of the Portland Museum of Art, which is located in the Arts District of Portland, Maine.	L. D. M. Sweat Memorial Galleries	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loyola Academy is a private, co-educational college preparatory high school, located in Wilmette, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago, and in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago.	Loyola Academy	Wilmette
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Finnish Heritage Museum of Fairport Harbor, Ohio, United States is an incorporated non-profit organization founded to preserve and perpetuate Finnish heritage and cultural traditions.	Finnish Heritage Museum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Copperneedle River originates within the northern Hearne Domain, Western Churchill province of the Churchill craton, the northwest section of the Canadian Shield in Nunavut's Kivalliq Region.	Copperneedle River	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Line Bowstring is a bridge located near unincorporated Hollis, Kansas, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	County Line Bowstring	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalwood is a village and county parish in the East Devon district of the English county of Devon.	Dalwood	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mystic Bridge Historic District (also known as Lower Mystic or Mistick) is a historic district on U.S. 1 and CT 27 in the Stonington side of the village of Mystic, Connecticut.	Mystic Bridge Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flisów (ˈflisuf) (German Fließhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Flisów	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gigal (Persian: گيگال‎, also Romanized as Gīgāl) is a village in Ani Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Gigal	Ani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redecz Kalny (ˈrɛdɛt͡ʂ ˈkalnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Redecz Kalny	Gmina Lubraniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Qandi (Persian: عباس ابادقندي‎, also Romanized as ``Abbāsābād-e Qandī) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 573, in 125 families.	Abbasabad-e Qandi	Miyan Jovin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiaying District (Chinese: 下營區; Hanyu Pinyin: Xiàyíng Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Siàyíng Cyu; Wade--Giles: Hsia4-ying2 Ch'ü1) is a rural district of about 25,068 residents in Tainan, Taiwan.	Xiaying District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sultan's Armed Forces Museum is a military history museum, located in the 150-year-old Bait Al Falaj Fort, the headquarters for Sultan Said bin Sultan's Armed Forces on Al Mujamma Street, Muscat, Oman.	Sultan's Armed Forces Museum	Muscat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Corby is a village in the county of Cumbria in the north of England.	Little Corby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pearce Ferry Airport (FAA LID: L25) is a public use airport in Mohave County, Arizona, United States.	Pearce Ferry Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merseyside (/ˈmɜːrzisaɪd/) is a metropolitan county in North West England, with a population of 1.38 million.	Merseyside	North West England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowg (Persian: موگ‎; also known as Mowgr and Mūger) is a village in Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mowg	Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alvin Miller House is a Usonian home beside the Cedar River in Charles City, Iowa.	Alvin Miller House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallsboro Store is a historic general store located near Midlothian, Chesterfield County, Virginia.	Hallsboro Store	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corbeil Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Spire de Corbeil) in the town of Corbeil-Essonnes was the interim cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Évry--	Corbeil Cathedral	Corbeil-Essonnes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Congressional Club (founded in 1908), is an historic residence, located at 2001 New Hampshire Avenue, Northwest, Washington, D.C., in the U Street Corridor neighborhood.	Congressional Club	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Jurkowa (ˈvɔla jurˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wola Jurkowa	Gmina Topólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee M. Thurston High School is a public high school in Redford, Michigan, United States in the suburban Detroit area.	Lee M. Thurston High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prati is a historic neighbourhood (rione) of Rome in the centre of the city, bordering with the north of the Vatican State, within Rome's Municipio I. Its logo is the shape of Hadrian's mausoleum, in a blue color on a silver background.	Prati	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	1000 Connecticut Avenue is a high-rise skyscraper building located in the United States capital of Washington, D.C..	1000 Connecticut Avenue	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port Jefferson School was a historic school in the village of Port Jefferson, Ohio, United States.	Port Jefferson School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Place House is a Grade I listed building located in Fowey, Cornwall, England.	Place House	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teufelshörner are joined by a rocky knife-edge that marks the border between the state of Salzburg and the district of Berchtesgadener Land in Bavaria.	Teufelshörner	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devil's Backbone State Forest is a state forest located in Shenandoah County, Virginia.	Devil's Backbone State Forest	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moniack Castle is a 16th-century tower house located 7 miles (11 km) west of Inverness, and just south of Beauly in Highland, Scotland.	Moniack Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bethungra Spiral is a rail spiral, built on the Main South line of New South Wales in Australia at Bethungra between Cootamundra and Junee.	Bethungra Spiral	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Summadevi is a village located near Palasa in Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Summadevi	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Adnan (Persian: سيدعدنان‎, also Romanized as Seyyed ``Adnān) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 294, in 47 families.	Seyyed Adnan	Ben Moala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandarupalleis a village in Tadikonda mandal, located in Guntur district of Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Bandarupalle	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claino con Osteno is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Milan and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Como.	Claino con Osteno	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Ochoco National Forest of central Oregon.	Mill Creek Wilderness	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guardbridge (Scots: Gaire Brig) is a village in the north-east of Fife, on the east coast of Scotland.	Guardbridge	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwiefalten is a municipality in the district of Reutlingen, located halfway between Stuttgart and Lake Constance.	Zwiefalten	Reutlingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Subcetate (Hungarian: Gyergyóvárhegy, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɟɛrɟoːvaːrhɛɟ); German: Burgberg) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.	Subcetate	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lane Education Service District (Lane ESD) is an education service district that provides services to the 16 school districts in Lane County, Oregon, United States.	Lane Education Service District	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Sar (Persian: چشمه سر‎) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Sar	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Nadratowo (ˈstarɛ nadraˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Nadratowo	Gmina Żuromin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowd is a village on the outskirts of Sidmouth in Devon, England.	Bowd	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadukutty is a village and Gram panchayat in the Chalakudy block in the Thrissur district, state of Kerala, India.	Kadukutty	Thrissur district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzpioły (ˈtʂpjɔwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trzpioły	Gmina Ojrzeń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soheyl Najafabad (Persian: سهيل نجف اباد‎, also Romanized as Soheyl Najafābād; also known as Najafābād, Qeshlāq-e Soheyl, Qeshlāq-e Soheyl Najafābād, and Soheyl) is a village in Rudshur Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Soheyl Najafabad	Rudshur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BlackRock Center for the Arts (full name Germantown Cultural Arts Center d.b.a. BlackRock Center for the Arts) is a cultural, visual and performing arts center in Germantown, Maryland.	BlackRock Center for the Arts	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakraleh (Persian: شكراله‎, also Romanized as Shakrāleh) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shakraleh	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Beaumont Army Medical Center is a Department of Defense medical facility located in El Paso, Texas.	William Beaumont Army Medical Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębiny Osuchowskie (dɛmˈbinɨ ɔsuˈxɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dębiny Osuchowskie	Gmina Mszczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakir Shahsavar (Persian: پكيرشهسوار‎, also Romanized as Pakīr Shahsavār; also known as Peykeh-ye Shahsavār) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pakir Shahsavar	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Petryłowska (ˈvulka pɛtrɨˈwɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Petryłowska	Gmina Sawin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gals (French: Chules) is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Gals	Seeland administrative district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Community of communes of Héricourt Pays is a federation of municipalities in Haute-Saône.	Community of communes of Héricourt Pays	Haute-Saône
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jauharabad-I is one of the 51 Union Councils (administrative subdivisions) of Khushab District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Jauharabad-I	Khushab District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Ashkanan (Persian: ده اشکنان‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Ashkanān, Deh Eshkanān, and Deh Eshkenan; also known as Ashkanān) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Ashkanan	Hoseyniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakatapuram is a religious place for Hindus located in the Koppa taluk of the state of Karnataka, India.	Shakatapuram	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edwin S. George Building, built in 1908, is located at 4612 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit, Michigan, at the corner of Woodward and Garfield.	Edwin S. George Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cimarron Fuel Fabrication Site was a nuclear fuel production facility located by the Cimarron River near Cimarron City, Oklahoma.	Cimarron Fuel Fabrication Site	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubcz Mały (ˈlupt͡ʂ ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lubcz Mały	Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abereiddy (usual Welsh spelling: Abereiddi) is a hamlet in the county of Pembrokeshire, in south-west Wales.	Abereiddy	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The U.S. Arsenal-Officers Quarters (also known as the Mt. Vernon Arsenal or Chattahoochee Arsenal) is a historic site in Chattahoochee, Florida.	U.S. Arsenal-Officers Quarters	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Qowzlu (Persian: قره قوزلو‎, also Romanized as Qareh Qowzlū; also known as Qareh Gowzlū) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District, Marhemetabad District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qareh Qowzlu	Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yinggen (simplified Chinese: 营根; traditional Chinese: 營根; pinyin: Yínggēn) is a town and the seat of Qiongzhong Li and Miao Autonomous County in the centre of Hainan.	Yinggen	Qiongzhong Li and Miao Autonomous County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavara Thekkumbhagom (ചവറ തെക്കുംഭാഗം) or (Thekkumbhagom Panchayath) or (Chavara South) is a village in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Chavara Thekkumbhagom	Kollam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calbayog, officially the City of Calbayog (Waray: Syudad san Calbayog; Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Calbayog; Filipino: Lungsod ng Calbayog) and often referred to as Calbayog City, is a city in the province of Samar, Philippines.	Calbayog	Samar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamarcheh-ye Sofla (Persian: كمرچه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kamarcheh-ye Soflá; also known as Kamarcheh and Kamarchehhā) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kamarcheh-ye Sofla	Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lordstown High School is a public high school in the village of Lordstown, Ohio, near Warren, Ohio.	Lordstown High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghurak-e Sofla (Persian: غورك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ghūrak-e Soflá; also known as Ghūrak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ghurak-e Sofla	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rev. Peter Sanborn House is a historic house at 55 Lowell Street in Reading, Massachusetts.	Rev. Peter Sanborn House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asikkadu (Ahilvanam) is a village in Mayiladuthurai taluk, Nagapattinam district, state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Asikkadu	Nagapattinam district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meghalaya (/meɪɡˈɑːləjə/ or US /ˌmeɪɡəˈleɪə/; /meːɡʱaːləj(ə)/) is a state in north-east India.	Meghalaya	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tampa Convention Center is a mid-sized convention center located in downtown Tampa, Florida at the mouth of the Hillsborough River.	Tampa Convention Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirante do Paranapanema is a city in the western part of the state of São Paulo, in Brazil.	Mirante do Paranapanema	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chretien Point Plantation is a pre-Civil War twelve room red brick mansion, located on twenty acres on the banks of Bayou Bourbeaux, two miles southwest of Sunset, Louisiana in St. Landry Parish.	Chretien Point Plantation	St. Landry Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uckermark, a historical region in northeastern Germany, currently straddles the Uckermark District of Brandenburg and the Vorpommern-Greifswald District of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Uckermark	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Hendon is a place in the London Borough of Barnet.	West Hendon	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saffrons is a multi-purpose sports ground in Eastbourne, East Sussex.	The Saffrons	Eastbourne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fileh Khasseh (Persian: فيله خاصه‎, also Romanized as Fīleh Khāşşeh, Filah Khāsah, and Fīlah Khāşeh; also known as Filakh-Khasakh, Fīleh Khāleşeh, and Peleh Khāseh) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Fileh Khasseh	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memmelsdorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg bordering in the west directly on the city of Bamberg.	Memmelsdorf	Bamberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy, located in northern France.	Savy	Aisne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piglio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) east of Rome and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Frosinone, offering a panoramic view on the valleys of the Sacco and Aniene rivers.	Piglio	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stones River Greenway Arboretum is an arboretum located along the Stones River Greenway, beside the Stones River, in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.	Stones River Greenway Arboretum	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paulding County High School is a public secondary school located in Paulding County, Georgia, U.S. The school was established in 1969 and was the only high school in Paulding County for a quarter of a century.	Paulding County High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurja (Persian: شورجا‎, also Romanized as Shūrjā; also known as Sarjāh, Shoorcheh, and Shūrjeh) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Shurja	Shivanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manickpur is a small village in Vasai town in the Thane district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Manickpur	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sestroretsk (Russian: Сестроре́цк; Finnish: Siestarjoki; Swedish: Systerbäck) is a municipal town in Kurortny District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia, located on the shores of the Gulf of Finland, the Sestra River and the Sestroretskiy Lake 34 kilometers (21 mi) northwest of St. Petersburg.	Sestroretsk	Kurortny District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onufryjewo (ɔnufrɨˈjɛvɔ) (German: Onufrigowen (1929-45:Rehfelde)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Onufryjewo	Gmina Ruciane-Nida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zastów (ˈzastuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zastów	Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hubbard Landing Seaplane Base (FAA LID: HL2) is a privately owned public-use seaplane base in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.	Hubbard Landing Seaplane Base	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolny Siniec (ˈdɔlnɨ ˈɕiɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Dolny Siniec	Gmina Srokowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarah Helmick State Recreation Site is a state park located south of Monmouth, in Polk County, Oregon, United States.	Sarah Helmick State Recreation Site	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bimi-ye Sofla (Persian: بيمي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bīmī-ye Soflá; also known as Bīmī) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bimi-ye Sofla	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Walla Walla is a United States Army fort located in Walla Walla, Washington.	Fort Walla Walla	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park is a part of the state park system of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR).	Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varna Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Варна) is a seaside municipality (obshtina) in Varna Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and near Varna lake.	Varna Municipality	Varna Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minetta Creek (sometimes called Minetta Brook, Minetta Stream, Minetta Water, Minetta Waters, or by its Dutch name, Bestevaer's Killetje, before the American Revolutionary War), was a stream that was among the largest natural watercourses in Manhattan, New York City.	Minetta Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barstow Community Hospital is a hospital in Barstow, San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Barstow Community Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakhtehlu (Persian: شخته لو‎, also Romanized as Shakhtehlū) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shakhtehlu	Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słonin (ˈswɔnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Słonin	Gmina Czempiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Chaveshi (Persian: باغ چاوشي‎, also Romanized as Bagh-e Chāveshī) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Chaveshi	Ramjin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pan American Arena is a twin rink ice hockey and skating arena located in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.	Pan American Arena	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curries Woods is a neighborhood in the southern part of Greenville in Jersey City, New Jersey bordering Bayonne.	Curries Woods	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parminav Shamiun (Persian: پرميناو شميون‎, also Romanized as Parmīnāv Shamīūn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Parminav Shamiun	Sajjadrud Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darkhiz (Persian: درخيز‎, also Romanized as Darkhīz; also known as Bāb-e Havīz, Bāb Hariz, Bāb Havīz, and Darkhīz Bāb Havīz) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darkhiz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goose Lake meteorite is a meteorite that was found at Goose Lake in the United States by two hunters from Oakland, California on October 13, 1938.	Goose Lake meteorite	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pioneer Courthouse Square, also known as Portland's living room, is a public space occupying a full 40,000-square-foot (3,700 m2) city block in the center of downtown Portland, Oregon, United States.	Pioneer Courthouse Square	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ann Arbor Municipal Airport (IATA: ARB, ICAO: KARB, FAA LID: ARB) is a general aviation airport in Washtenaw County, Michigan, United States.	Ann Arbor Municipal Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tatlatui Range is a large and very alpine mountain range on the east flank of the upper Skeena River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Tatlatui Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée Sainte-Croix is the largest museum in Poitiers, France.	Musée Sainte-Croix	Poitiers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harriman Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Windham County, Vermont in the town of Whitingham.	Harriman Dam	Whitingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golestan-e Sofla (Persian: گلستان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Golestān-e Soflá; also known as Qāţer Gūtūran-e Soflá and Qāţer Gūtran-e Soflá) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Golestan-e Sofla	Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varchand (Persian: ورچند‎, also Romanized as Warchānd; also known as Darjand and Varjand) is a village in Alishar Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Varchand	Alishar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalteh (Persian: زلته‎) is a village in Sirvan Rural District, Nowsud District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zalteh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crystal River High School was built in Crystal River, Florida, in 1969.	Crystal River High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Perry High School is located in Port Perry, Ontario within the administrative responsibilities of the Durham District School Board.	Port Perry High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Cline is a mountain in western Alberta, Canada, 11 km (7 mi) north of Saskatchewan Crossing, 60 km (37 mi) southwest of Nordegg.	Mount Cline	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Espada Acequia, or Piedras Creek Aqueduct, was built by Franciscan friars in 1731 in what is now San Antonio, Texas, United States.	Espada Acequia	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Williams-Linscott House was a historic First Period house at 357 William Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts.	Williams-Linscott House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaltjiti is an Aboriginal community in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia, comprising one of the six main communities on ``The Lands'' (the others being Amata, Ernabella/Pukatja, Pipalyatjara, Indulkana and Mimili).	Kaltjiti	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nematabad-e Yek (Persian: نعمت آباد1‎, also Romanized as Ne``matābād-e Yek; also known as Ne``matābād) is a village in Mahan Rural District, Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Nematabad-e Yek	Mahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sevvur is a small village in Sivagangai district in the state of Tamil Nadu.	Sevvur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Marilândia is a municipality in the state of Mato Grosso in the Central-West Region of Brazil, it is also the closest inhabitance to South America's Pole of inaccessibility	Nova Marilândia	Mato Grosso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freewill Baptist Church (also known as Prospect Aid Meeting House; Muakego Meeting House) is a historic church at 19750 W. National Avenue in New Berlin, Wisconsin, United States.	Freewill Baptist Church	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de la Muyre (or la Muire) is a fortified site a few kilometres from Domblans, in the Jura département of France.	Château de la Muyre	Domblans
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jubilee Arena also known as Jubilee Rink was an indoor arena located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Jubilee Arena	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Albertson Subdivision Historic District, also known as the Henry Albertson Plan and Henry Albertson Property, is a historic subdivision and national historic district located at Lansdowne, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Henry Albertson Subdivision Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Tellico was a Cherokee town at the site of present-day Tellico Plains, Tennessee, where the Tellico River emerges from the Appalachian Mountains.	Great Tellico	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelmondiston is a small village and civil parish in Suffolk, England located on the Shotley peninsula, five miles south-east of Ipswich.	Chelmondiston	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colegio de San Gregorio is a historical building in Valladolid, Spain, currently housing the National Museum of Sculpture.	Colegio de San Gregorio	Valladolid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Demarest Hall is a residence hall for undergraduate students attending Rutgers University-New Brunswick in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	Demarest Hall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ödseen (bleak lakes) are two small mountain lakes (Großer Ödsee 47°45′50``N 14°01′05''E and Kleiner Ödsee 47°45′34``N 14°01′10''E) in Upper Austria's part of the Salzkammergut.	Ödseen	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulloorampara (പുല്ലൂരാംപാറ) is a village which is situated near by Thiruvambady town in Calicut district Kerala.	Pulloorampara	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cap Gris Nez (literally ``cape grey nose''; see § Etymology) is a cape on the Côte d'Opale in the Pas-de-Calais département in northern France.	Cap Gris Nez	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Margaret Lothbury is a Church of England parish church in the City of London; it spans the boundary between Coleman Street Ward and Broad Street Ward.	St Margaret Lothbury	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Pedro Cholula is a municipality in the Mexican state of Puebla and one of two municipalities which made up the city of Cholula.	San Pedro Cholula	Puebla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee's Summit Municipal Airport (ICAO: KLXT, FAA LID: LXT) is a public use airport in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.	Lee's Summit Municipal Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	OneEleven (formerly 111 W. Wacker and Waterview Tower) is a luxury rental apartment tower in The Loop neighborhood of downtown Chicago, Illinois, United States.	OneEleven	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canopus Lake is a small lake within Clarence Fahnestock State Park in northern Putnam County, New York, USA.	Canopus Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mays Island (or May's Island) is a small island in the Cedar River, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	Mays Island	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashaig (Scottish Gaelic: Aiseag, referring to a ferry) is a small township, situated adjacent to Upper Breakish and Lower Breakish near Broadford on the island of Skye, Scotland.	Ashaig	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakhk District (Persian: بخش کاخک‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kakhk District	Gonabad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Gomol (Persian: پائين گمل‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Gomol) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Gomol	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roche-a-Cri State Park (from the French for crevice in the rock) is a state park north of Adams and Friendship in central Wisconsin.	Roche-a-Cri State Park	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plaza de la Escandalera is a plaza in Oviedo, Asturias, Spain.	Plaza de la Escandalera	Oviedo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faratan (Persian: فراتان‎, also Romanized as Farātān and Ferātān; also known as Farāţūn) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Faratan	Arabkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanbuleh (Persian: تنبوله‎, also Romanized as Tanbūleh) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tanbuleh	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewis and Harris (Scottish Gaelic: Leòdhas agus na Hearadh) in the Outer Hebrides make up the largest island in Scotland.	Lewis and Harris	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leah Victoria Park is an Irish football ground situated in Tullamore, Co. Offaly.	Leah Victoria Park	Tullamore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty Hall (Irish: Halla na Saoirse), in Dublin, Ireland, is the headquarters of the Services, Industrial, Professional, and Technical Union (SIPTU).	Liberty Hall	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porcupine Plain Airport, (TC LID: CKD2), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north of Porcupine Plain, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Porcupine Plain Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Five Civilized Tribes Museum is a museum in Muskogee, Oklahoma that houses the art, history and culture of the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muscogee Creek, and Seminole tribes.	Five Civilized Tribes Museum	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMPC (1540 AM, ``Radio Korea'', 라디오코리아) is a radio station based in Los Angeles, California and is owned by P&Y Broadcasting Licensee, LLC. Radio Korea is a division of the Radio Korea Media Group.	KMPC	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East 78th Street Houses are a row of five attached brick houses on that street in Manhattan, New York, United States.	East 78th Street Houses	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schaumburg High School, or SHS is a public four-year high school located in Schaumburg, IL, a northwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Schaumburg High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulldecona is a town in the South of Catalonia, in Montsià (Terres de l'Ebre), near the Senia River.	Ulldecona	Montsià
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eldorado Glacier is on the south slopes of Eldorado Peak, North Cascades National Park, in the U.S. state of Washington.	Eldorado Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rankbach Railway (German: Rankbachbahn) is a 14.253 km long single-track railway line from Renningen to Böblingen in the southwestern region of Stuttgart in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Rankbach Railway	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhtabad (Persian: بخت اباد‎, also Romanized as Bakhtābād) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bakhtabad	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh-ye Sari (Persian: پشته ساري‎‎, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Sārī) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Sari	Gol Gol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patrick D. Cupp Stadium (usually called Cupp Stadium) is a multi-use stadium located in Radford, Virginia on the campus of Radford University.	Patrick D. Cupp Stadium	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mariahu( Mariyahu) (Hindi: मड़ियाहूँ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Jaunpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Mariahu	Jaunpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Battle House Hotel, now known as The Battle House Renaissance Mobile Hotel, is a historic hotel building in Mobile, Alabama.	The Battle House Hotel	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Évreux (French pronunciation: ​(e.vʁø)) is a commune in the Eure department, of which it is the capital, in Haute Normandie in northern France.	Évreux	Eure
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redferd Segers House, also known as the Kenneth Hoffman House, is a historic home located at Crenshaw in Snyder Township, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania.	Redferd Segers House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garberville Airport (FAA LID: O16) is a public airport located 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of the central business district (CBD) of Garberville, a town in Humboldt County, California, USA.	Garberville Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherrington is a small village and civil parish on the River Wylye in Wiltshire, England.	Sherrington	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orofino High School, is a four-year secondary school in Orofino, Idaho, part of a combined high school and junior high school operated by the Orofino Joint School District #171.	Orofino High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karig (Persian: كاريگ‎, also Romanized as Kārīg; also known as Gārīk) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Karig	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zubry (ˈzubrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Zubry	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge spanning the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyapock in French Guiana.	Oyapock River Bridge	Saint-Georges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieszki (ˈt͡ɕeʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Cieszki	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belair Park is located in West Dulwich part of the London Borough of Southwark, southeast London, England.	Belair Park	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hertefeld Castle estate, consisting of a castle ruin and attached park, stands in the town of Weeze in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Hertefeld Castle	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarish (Persian: سريش‎, also Romanized as Sarīsh) is a village in Khavashod Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarish	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Naru (Persian: دره نارو‎, also Romanized as Darreh Nārū; also known as Darreh-ye Anārān, Darreh Anārān, and Dar-i-Anār) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Naru	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	400 Poydras Tower, formerly known as the Texaco Center, located at 400 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 32-story, 442 feet (135 m)-tall skyscraper.	400 Poydras Tower	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayor Magrath Drive is the busiest north-south roadway and the second busiest roadway overall in Lethbridge, Alberta.	Mayor Magrath Drive	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeongtong-gu, established in 2003, is the eastern district of the city of Suwon in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Yeongtong-gu	Suwon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hezuo (Zö) City (Tibetan: གཙོས་གྲོང་ཁྱིར།, ZYPY: Zö Chongkyir; Chinese: 合作市; pinyin: Hézuò Shì) is the administrative seat of the Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in southern Gansu province in Western China.	Hezuo	Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celebration City was a ``night-time theme park'' located in Branson, Missouri, USA.	Celebration City	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giełczyce (ɡʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoroszyce, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Giełczyce	Gmina Skoroszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanur-e Boland (Persian: تنوربلند‎, also Romanized as Tanūr-e Boland and Tanūr Boland) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tanur-e Boland	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunkás Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``bad or ugly stone'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (514.79 km2) of land and located roughly 98 km east of the city of Mérida.	Tunkás Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Storm Power Station, located on the west bank of Mount Storm Lake 2 miles (3 km) from Bismarck, West Virginia, is a coal-fired power station owned by Dominion Resources.	Mount Storm Power Station	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khanewal District (Urdu: ضِلع خانیوال‎) is a district of the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Khanewal District	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lord River is a tributary of the Taseko River in the southern Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, joining that river via the head of Upper Taseko Lake, which is also fed by the upper reaches of the Taseko River proper.	Lord River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunratice u Cvikova (German: Kunnersdorf) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Kunratice u Cvikova	Česká Lípa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hudson Bay Airport, (IATA: YHB, ICAO: CYHB), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) southeast of Hudson Bay, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Hudson Bay Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamakeri is a village in Belgaum district of Athani taluk in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Chamakeri	Belgaum district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shiloh High School is a public high school located in Snellville, Georgia in southern Gwinnett County.	Shiloh High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patan district (Gujarati: પાટણ જિલ્લો) is one of the 33 districts of Gujarat state in western India.	Patan district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clark Botanic Garden (12 acres) is a botanical garden located on Long Island at 193 I. U. Willets Rd, Albertson, New York.	Clark Botanic Garden	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaskajmy Małe (kasˈkai̯mɨ ˈmawɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kaskajmy Małe	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luberadzyk (lubɛˈrad͡zɨk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Luberadzyk	Gmina Ojrzeń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ashton is a 36 story residential highrise located in Austin, Texas.	The Ashton	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lady Peak is a mountain located just southeast of Cheam Peak in the Cheam Range near Chilliwack, British Columbia.	Lady Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barlow Respiratory Hospital is a hospital located in the Elysian Park neighborhood of Echo Park, near Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California.	Barlow Respiratory Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fullerton First Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as Seventh Day Adventist Church ; Church of Religious Science) is a historic church building at 117 N. Pomona Avenue in Fullerton, California.	Fullerton First Methodist Episcopal Church	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorohoi (Romanian pronunciation: (doroˈhoj)) is a city in the Botoşani County, Romania, on the right bank of the Jijia River, which broadens into a lake on the north.	Dorohoi	Botoşani County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemp's Green or Hemps Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Fordham, in the Colchester borough, in the county of Essex, England.	Hemp's Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2007 Alum Rock earthquake occurred on October 30 at 8:04 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time in Alum Rock Park in San Jose, California.	2007 Alum Rock earthquake	Alum Rock Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabian (Persian: ربيان‎, also Romanized as Rabīān, Rabeyān, and Rabī``ān) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 13 families.	Rabian	Kahshang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakland Harbor Light is a former lighthouse, now a restaurant in Embarcadero Cove, California.	Oakland Harbor Light	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Areraj (Hindi: अरेराज) is a town and a notified area in East Champaran district in the state of Bihar, India.	Areraj	East Champaran district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobakhiyeh (Persian: صبخيه‎, also Romanized as Şobākhīyeh; also known as Şabbāḩīyeh) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sobakhiyeh	Jaffal Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Building at 423 West Baltimore Street is a historic retail and wholesale building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Building at 423 West Baltimore Street	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ręszew (ˈrɛ̃ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ręszew	Gmina Burzenin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsin Kletsin or Tsin Kletzin is an Ancestral Puebloan great house and archaeological site located on top of South Mesa in Chaco Culture National Historical Park, northwestern New Mexico, United States.	Tsin Kletsin	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brinsworth is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham, in South Yorkshire, England.	Brinsworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tammany is the southernmost peak of the Kittatinny Mountains in Knowlton Township, Warren County, New Jersey, United States.	Mount Tammany	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gozm (Persian: گزم‎) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gozm	Khabar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Regional High School is a four-year regional comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades, located in the Bayville section of Berkeley Township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Central Regional School District.	Central Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garnwerd is a wierde village next to the Reitdiep in the municipality of Winsum in the Dutch province of Groningen.	Garnwerd	Winsum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porta Sempione (``Simplon Gate'') is a city gate of Milan, Italy.	Porta Sempione	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curwood Castle is a small castle, now a museum, located in Owosso, Michigan, built by author James Oliver Curwood.	Curwood Castle	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sójki-Parcel (ˈsui̯ki ˈpart͡sɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sójki-Parcel	Gmina Strzelce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trerulefoot (pronounced /ˈtruːlfʊt/) is a village in southeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trerulefoot	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louisiana School for the Deaf is a state school for deaf and hard-of-hearing students in Louisiana, located in Baton Rouge, the state capital.	Louisiana School for the Deaf	Baton Rouge
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Jefferson High School is a public high school located in Metairie in unincorporated Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.	East Jefferson High School	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernadotte Bridge at Bernadotte, built in 1910, is one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County, Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Bernadotte Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheboygan County Airport (ICAO: KSLH, FAA LID: SLH) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the central business district of Cheboygan, a city in Cheboygan County, Michigan, United States.	Cheboygan County Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Perrott is a village and civil parish in northwest Dorset, England, 2 miles (3.2 km) southeast of Crewkerne.	South Perrott	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bare House and Mill is a historic home and grist mill ruins located at Stuarts Draft, Augusta County, Virginia.	Bare House and Mill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colmore Gate is an office and retail building in Birmingham, England.	Colmore Gate	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łopoczno (wɔˈpɔt͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łopoczno	Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Frank Brook is a buried creek and south-west flowing tributary of the Don River in central and north-western Toronto, Ontario, originating near the intersection of Lawrence Avenue and Dufferin Street.	Castle Frank Brook	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darbarud (Persian: داربارود‎, also Romanized as Dārbārūd) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darbarud	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalu Bolaghi (Persian: زالوبلاغي‎, also Romanized as Zālū Bolāghī; also known as Zāl Bolāgh and Zālī Bolāgh) is a village in Rudshur Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Zalu Bolaghi	Rudshur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Entabeni Game Reserve, Entabeni means 'place of the mountain', is a 220 km2 (85 sq mi) private reserve situated in the Waterberg in Limpopo Province in northern South Africa.	Entabeni Game Reserve	Limpopo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The People's Federal Savings and Loan Association in Sidney is an early-modern building in western Ohio, designed by Chicago architect Louis Sullivan, the mentor of Frank Lloyd Wright.	People's Federal Savings and Loan Association	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allt Cynhelyg is an semi-natural oak-hazel woodland forming a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Brecknock, Powys, Wales.	Allt Cynhelyg	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Rekab (Persian: باباركاب‎, also Romanized as Bābā Rekāb) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Baba Rekab	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Qeysar (Persian: بنه قيصر‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Qeyşar and Boneh Qeysar; also known as Boneh Gheisar and Qeyşarābād) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Qeysar	Mahur Berenji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnham Overy is a civil parish on the north coast of Norfolk, England.	Burnham Overy	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacob and Eliza Spake House is located at 2600 State Street in Dallas, Texas, United States.	Jacob and Eliza Spake House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzykowice (kʂɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krzykowice	Gmina Wolbórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossroads Community Cathedral is a multi-cultural church located at the town line of East Hartford, Connecticut, and Manchester, with Bishop Terry Wiles being the Senior Pastor since November 1981.	Crossroads Community Cathedral	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Ribble is a non-metropolitan district and borough of Lancashire, England.	South Ribble	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenmore Air Harbor (IATA: KEH, FAA LID: S60) is a public-use seaplane base located one nautical mile (1.85 km) south of the central business district of Kenmore, a city in King County, Washington, United States.	Kenmore Air Harbor	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	East St. Louis Community College Center (ESLCCC) serves as host to Illinois community colleges that extend the offering of some of their programs and services to E. St. Louis area residents in the city of East St. Louis.	East St. Louis Community College Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erickson Municipal Airport, (TC LID: CKQ6), is located adjacent to Erickson, Manitoba, Canada in the Rural Municipality of Clanwilliam.	Erickson Municipal Airport	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geyser Crest is a residential neighborhood within the city of Saratoga Springs, New York and the town of Milton.	Geyser Crest	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kemptville is a community located in the Municipality of North Grenville in Southern (Eastern) Ontario, Canada in the northernmost part of the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville.	Kemptville	United Counties of Leeds and Grenville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolehzan (Persian: كله زان‎, also Romanized as Kolehzān; also known as Kolūzān) is a village in Taghamin Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kolehzan	Taghamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarm is a small town and civil parish in the unitary authority of Stockton-on-Tees in North East England.	Yarm	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opole County (Polish: powiat opolski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Opole County	Opole Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Valley Caldera is a depression in eastern California that is adjacent to Mammoth Mountain.	Long Valley Caldera	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Qaleh (Persian: گل قلعه‎, also Romanized as Gol Qal``eh; also known as Shahkale and Shāh Qal``eh) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 382, in 75 families.	Gol Qaleh	Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Trout Lake Airport, (IATA: YTL, ICAO: CYTL), is located 0.6 nautical miles (1.1 km; 0.69 mi) southwest of Kitchenuhmaykoosib Inninuwug (formerly known as Big Trout Lake), Ontario, Canada.	Big Trout Lake Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limun (Persian: ليمون‎, also Romanized as Līmūn) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Limun	Mazkureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highway 2, known more commonly as the Hay River Highway, is the shortest numbered highway in the Northwest Territories, and connects Hay River to the junction of Highway 1 at Enterprise.	Hay River Highway	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meitingen is a market town in the district of Augsburg, in Bavaria, Germany.	Meitingen	Augsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalkhengak (Persian: كل خنگك‎; also known as Kalkhong and Kalkhūnkag) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kalkhengak	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPOP-LP (107.7 FM) was a low-power FM radio station formerly licensed to Sapulpa, Oklahoma, USA.	KPOP-LP	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kizan Darreh (Persian: كيزان دره‎, also Romanized as Kīzān Darreh and Kīzūn Darreh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kizan Darreh	Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Inkosi Albert Luthuli International Convention Centre Complex is an events center complex located in the city centre of Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Inkosi Albert Luthuli International Convention Centre	Durban
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buraswa is a village which is located 30 km from Chakrata and comes under the Tehsil of Chakrata, Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India.	Buraswa	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rait (/reɪt/) is a small village in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Rait	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moghuyeh (Persian: مغويه‎, also Romanized as Moghūyeh; also known as Bandar-e Moghūyeh) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Moghuyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert Edge Parkway is a connection highway in North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.	Robert Edge Parkway	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baskerville House, previously called the Civic Centre, is a former civic building in Centenary Square, Birmingham, England.	Baskerville House	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pey Kola (Persian: پيكلا‎, also Romanized as Pey Kolā) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pey Kola	Baladeh Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parrs Wood High School is a state comprehensive secondary school situated in East Didsbury, Manchester, England, specifically, behind Parrs Wood Entertainment Complex off Wilmslow Road.	Parrs Wood High School	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altenbochum is a statistical area and a district of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	Altenbochum	Bochum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzezinna Góra (bʐɛˈʑinna ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzezinna Góra	Gmina Nowy Duninów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keryeh Sheykh Ali Khodadad (Persian: کريه شيخ علي خداداد‎, also Romanized as Keryeh Sheykh ʿAlī Khodādād; also known as Keryeh 3 and Khodādād) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Keryeh Sheykh Ali Khodadad	Teshkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Route 101, or U.S. Highway 101, is a north--south U.S. highway that runs through the states of California, Oregon, and Washington, on the West Coast of the United States.	U.S. Route 101	California	Oregon	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Technical College or simply York Tech is a 2-year community college in Rock Hill, South Carolina, United States.	York Technical College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Vincent Williamsport Hospital is an acute care hospital in Williamsport in the U.S. state of Indiana, operated by Indianapolis-based St. Vincent Health.	St. Vincent Williamsport Hospital	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chediston is a village and a civil parish on the B1123 road, in the Suffolk Coastal District, in the English county of Suffolk.	Chediston	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płóczki Dolne (ˈpwut͡ʂki ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Nieder Görisseiffen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Płóczki Dolne	Gmina Lwówek Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Val Vignun is an alpine valley in the Swiss Canton of Graubünden.	Val Vignun	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatert is a suburb in the south of Nijmegen, in the Netherlands.	Hatert	Nijmegen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Universal Mall is a redeveloped open-air power center located in Warren, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.	Universal Mall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamedkala (Russian: Мамедкала́) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Derbentsky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Mamedkala	Derbentsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Różnowa (ruʐˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Różnowa	Gmina Ślesin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuthilltown Bridge is located in the Town of Gardiner in Ulster County, New York, USA, approximately 1 miles (1.6 km) west of the eponymous hamlet.	Tuthilltown Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowhub (Persian: موهوب‎, also Romanized as Mowhūb) is a village in Sirch Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowhub	Sirch Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnson-Hatfield Tavern is a historic tavern house located at Redstone Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Johnson-Hatfield Tavern	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boylston Building is an historic building at 2-22 Boylston Street in Boston, Massachusetts.	Boylston Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuggeranong Homestead is located in the Australian Capital Territory in the area now covered by the suburb of Richardson.	Tuggeranong Homestead	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jack Brooks Federal Building is a federal office building in Beaumont, Texas.	Jack Brooks Federal Building	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyvandar (Persian: ايوان در‎, also Romanized as Eyvāndar; also known as Eyvān Darreh) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Eyvandar	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gutowo-Górki (ɡuˈtɔvɔ ˈɡurki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gutowo-Górki	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głogów County (Polish: powiat głogowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Głogów County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Kańska (ˈvulka ˈkaɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Kańska	Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Wayne Assembly is an automobile factory in Roanoke, Indiana.	Fort Wayne Assembly	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzików-Oczki (raˈd͡ʑikuf ˈɔt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Radzików-Oczki	Gmina Mordy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eydehavn is a village area in the municipality of Arendal in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Eydehavn	Arendal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Turpin Site (33Ha28) is an archaeological site in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Turpin Site	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake of the Ozarks State Park is a Missouri state park on the Grand Glaize Arm of the Lake of the Ozarks and is the largest state park in the state.	Lake of the Ozarks State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park of the Reserve or the Parque de la Reserva in Spanish is a park located in downtown Lima, in Peru.	Park of the Reserve	Lima
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ynysymaengwyn (sometimes Ynysmaengwyn) was a gentry house in the parish of Tywyn, Gwynedd (formerly Merioneth), situated near the south bank of the River Dysynni.	Ynysymaengwyn	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Rock Cove is an embayment on San Pablo Bay in Richmond, California.	Red Rock Cove	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cox Business Center (originally Tulsa Assembly Center and formerly Tulsa Convention Center) is a 8,900-seat multi-purpose arena located in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Cox Business Center	Tulsa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuchatlitz Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located no the northwest side of Nootka Island, facing Nuchatlitz Inlet, on the west coast of Vancouver Island.	Nuchatlitz Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amsterdam Castle was decommissioned in 1994, and purchased by the Diana family from the State of New York in 1995.	Amsterdam Castle	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algona High School is a secondary school located in the Algona School District in Algona, Iowa, USA.	Algona High School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swedish Lutheran Church of Strandburg (Tabor Lutheran Church of Strandburg) is a historic church on Main Street in Strandburg, South Dakota.	Swedish Lutheran Church of Strandburg	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Germansen River, formerly Germansen Creek, is a major south tributary of the Omenica River in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Germansen River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cimarron Historic District is a historic district on the south side of Cimarron, New Mexico, USA.	Cimarron Historic District	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogusławki Duże (bɔɡuˈswafki ˈduʐɛ) is an unincorporated village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bogusławki Duże	Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Peng (Chinese: 大坪; literally: ``big plateau'') is a small residential village to the east of Yung Shue Wan on Lamma Island, Hong Kong, on the hill directly north above the Yung Shue Long (榕樹塱) valley.	Tai Peng	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Canyon National Recreation Area (shortened to Glen Canyon NRA or GCNRA) is a recreation and conservation unit of the National Park Service (USA) that encompasses the area around Lake Powell and lower Cataract Canyon in Utah and Arizona, covering 1,254,429 acres (5,076 km2) of mostly desert.	Glen Canyon National Recreation Area	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashtak-e Nimdur (Persian: دشتك نيمدور‎, also Romanized as Dashtak-e Nīmdūr) is a village in Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dashtak-e Nimdur	Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Bayard National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in the Fort Bayard Historic District, near Silver City, New Mexico.	Fort Bayard National Cemetery	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirchaiya formerly known as Ramnagar Mirchaiya is a municipality in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone (Eastern Development Region) of south-eastern Nepal.	Mirchaiya	Siraha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntingtower Castle once known as Ruthven Castle or the Place (Palace) of Ruthven is located near the village of Huntingtower beside the A85 and near the A9, about 5km NW of the centre of Perth, Perth and Kinross, in central Scotland, on the main road to Crieff.	Huntingtower Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sparkassen-Arena (formerly known as Ostseehalle) is an indoor arena, in Kiel, Germany.	Sparkassen-Arena	Kiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tayvallich, pronounced ``Tay-vee-al-ich'' (Scottish Gaelic: Taigh a' Bhealaich Scottish Gaelic pronunciation: (t̪ʰɤj ə ˈvjal̪ˠɪç)), is a small village in the Knapdale area of Argyll and Bute, in Scotland.	Tayvallich	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Third Precinct Police Station (or Hunt Street Station) is a former police station located at 2200 Hunt Street (at Gratiot Avenue) in Detroit, Michigan.	Third Precinct Police Station	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miramshah (Pashto: ميرمشاه‎; Urdu: میران شاہ) (pronounced ``mirəmshāh''), or Miranshah, is a town and administrative headquarters of the North Waziristan Agency in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Miramshah	North Waziristan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaniec (ˈwaɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polska Cerekiew, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łaniec	Gmina Polska Cerekiew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pass-a-Grille Historic District (also known as Old Town of Pass-a-Grille) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on October 19, 1989) located in the town of Pass-a-Grille at the southern end of St. Pete Beach, Pinellas County, Florida.	Pass-a-Grille Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ping Yuen River (also known as River Ganges) (Chinese: 平原河;Hong Kong Chinese: Ap5li4 Ziu1; Hong Kong Chinese:Pin2ngien2 Ho2) is a river in the northern New Territories, Hong Kong.	Ping Yuen River	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Róże (ˈruʐɛ) (German: Rosenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Róże	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruda Talubska (ˈruda taˈlupska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ruda Talubska	Gmina Garwolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bottineau Winter Park is a modest alpine ski area in the midwestern United States, nestled in the Turtle Mountains of north-central North Dakota.	Bottineau Winter Park	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulitjelma Church (Norwegian: Sulitjelma kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county, Norway.	Sulitjelma Church	Fauske
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kucharki (kuˈxarki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kucharki	Gmina Gołuchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackson Mountains are a north-northeast trending mountain range in southwestern Humboldt County, Nevada.	Jackson Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSNQ (98.3 FM, ``The Snake'') is a commercial radio station located in Twin Falls, Idaho.	KSNQ	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hudson Glacier is located in the US state of Montana in Glacier National Park.	Hudson Glacier	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baroncelli Chapel is a chapel located at the transept's end of the church of Santa Croce, Florence, central Italy.	Baroncelli Chapel	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonina (sɔˈnina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łańcut, within Łańcut County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Sonina	Gmina Łańcut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asmundtorp is a locality situated in Landskrona Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 1,562 inhabitants in 2010.	Asmundtorp	Landskrona Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Last Billboard is a public art billboard in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	The Last Billboard	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel de Hanau, also known as the Hôtel de ville and (in German) as the Hanauer Hof, is a historic building located on Place Broglie on the Grande Île in the city center of Strasbourg, in the French department of the Bas-Rhin.	Hôtel de Hanau	Strasbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ishpeming Carnegie Public Library, located at 317 Main Street in Ishpeming, Michigan, is the second oldest Carnegie Library in the Upper Peninsula.	Ishpeming Carnegie Public Library	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wacissa River is a large, spring-fed stream located in south-central Jefferson County, Florida.	Wacissa River	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baradem Mukalla Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Al Mukalla, Yemen with grass surface.	Baradem Mukalla Stadium	Al Mukalla
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brent crater is an impact crater in both the geographic township of Deacon, Unorganized South Nipissing District and the municipal township of Papineau-Cameron in Nipissing District, northeastern Ontario, Canada, located north of Cedar Lake in northern Algonquin Provincial Park.	Brent crater	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cropredy (/ˈkrɒprədɪ/ KROP-rə-dee) is a village and civil parish on the River Cherwell, 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Banbury in Oxfordshire.	Cropredy	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clyde Auditorium, familiarly known as ``The Armadillo'', is a concert venue and auditorium in Glasgow, Scotland.	Clyde Auditorium	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sergithang Gewog (Dzongkha: གསེར་གྱི་ཐང་) is a gewog (village block) of Tsirang District, Bhutan.	Sergithang Gewog	Tsirang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noushijan Tappe is an archeological site in the west of Iran near Malayer.	Noushijan Tappe	Malayer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parsabad (Persian: پارس آباد‎, also Romanized as Pārsābād; also known as Fārsābād) is a city in and the capital of Parsabad County, in Ardabil Province, Iran.	Parsabad	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pārdaugava is an area of Riga, composed of several neighbourhoods on the west bank of Daugava River.	Pārdaugava	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Gaming at Dayton Raceway is a racino in Dayton, Ohio, United States.	Hollywood Gaming at Dayton Raceway	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haojiang District (simplified Chinese: 濠江区; traditional Chinese: 濠江區; pinyin: Háojiāng Qū) is a district of Shantou, Guangdong province, People's Republic of China.	Haojiang District	Shantou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eielson Air Force Base (AFB) (IATA: EIL, ICAO: PAEI, FAA LID: EIL) is a United States Air Force base located approximately 26 miles (42 km) southeast of Fairbanks, Alaska and just southeast of Moose Creek, Alaska.	Eielson Air Force Base	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	University of Detroit Mercy (UDM) is a private, Roman Catholic co-educational university in Detroit, Michigan, United States, affiliated with the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits) and the Sisters of Mercy.	University of Detroit Mercy	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wigwałd (ˈviɡvau̯t) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wigwałd	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ben District (Persian: بخش بن‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Ben District	Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guiratinga (also known as Princess Eastern and initially as Lageado) is a city in the state of Mato Grosso, Brazil, distant about 320 miles from the capital Cuiabá.	Guiratinga	Mato Grosso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marsiliana, known also as Marsiliana d'Albegna, is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Manciano, province of Grosseto.	Marsiliana	Manciano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Theodore Roosevelt Wilderness is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota.	Theodore Roosevelt Wilderness	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuravilangad (in Malayalam : കുറവിലങ്ങാട്) is a town located in the Kottayam district of Kerala, India.	Kuravilangad	Kottayam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roper Hotel is located at 707 Third Street in the city of Marble Falls, county of Burnet, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Roper Hotel	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fleming-Mason Airport (ICAO: KFGX, FAA LID: FGX) is a public use airport located in Mason County, Kentucky, United States.	Fleming-Mason Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Longwood Hotel (also known as the St. George Hotel or Orange and Black or Longwood Village Inn) is a historic building in Longwood, Florida.	Longwood Hotel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bromide Formation is a geological formation in Oklahoma, USA.	Bromide Formation	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nithari is a village in the western part of the state of Uttar Pradesh, India, bordering on New Delhi.	Nithari	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ropeka (Persian: رپكا‎, also Romanized as Ropekā; also known as Robegāh) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ropeka	Dar Pahn Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelby Farms, located in Memphis, Shelby County, Tennessee, is one of the twenty largest urban parks in the United States.	Shelby Farms	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palisades Nuclear Generating Station is a nuclear power plant located on Lake Michigan, in Van Buren County's Covert Township, Michigan, on a 432-acre (175 ha) site 5 miles (8.0 km) south of South Haven, Michigan, USA.	Palisades Nuclear Generating Station	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yengejeh-ye Yaranmish (Persian: ينگجه يارانميش‎, also Romanized as Yengejeh-ye Yārānmīsh; also known as Yengejeh-ye Bālā, Yengejeh-ye Yārāmesh, and Yengejeh-ye Yārānesh) is a village in Yekanat Rural District, Yamchi District, Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yengejeh-ye Yaranmish	Yekanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuna de Wargandí (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkuna ðe warˈɣandi)) is a comarca indígena (indigenous territory) and corregimiento in Pinogana District, Darién Province, Panama with a population of 1,914 as of 2010.	Kuna de Wargandí	Panama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michael's Harbour is a small one-street drive through community located just outside Lewisporte in Newfoundland and Labrador.	Michael's Harbour	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcidosso is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) south of Florence and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northeast of Grosseto and near the town of Montalcino.	Arcidosso	Province of Grosseto
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Kilda Botanical Gardens are a botanical garden located in the suburb St Kilda, Victoria, Australia.	St Kilda Botanical Gardens	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meech Lake (French: Lac Meech) is located within Gatineau Park in the Municipality of Chelsea, Quebec, Canada (about 20 km NW of Gatineau).	Meech Lake	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watsessing Park is a park in Essex County, New Jersey, in the city of East Orange and the town of Bloomfield.	Watsessing Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXTS-FM (88.3 FM) is a jazz radio station licensed to Toledo, Ohio.	WXTS-FM	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bont Dolgadfan is a small village off the B4518 road in Powys, Wales.	Bont Dolgadfan	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samsonów-Komorniki (samˈsɔnuf kɔmɔrˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Samsonów-Komorniki	Gmina Zagnańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's Art of Animation Resort is a resort within Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.	Disney's Art of Animation Resort	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melkbosstrand is along the Atlantic Seaboard the Northern most suburb of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality within which it became incorporated when metropolitan boundaries were redrawn, following the advent of democracy in 1994.	Melkbosstrand	City of Cape Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry E. Rohlsen Airport (IATA: STX, ICAO: TISX, FAA LID: STX) is a public airport located six miles (10 km) southwest of Christiansted on the island of St. Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.	Henry E. Rohlsen Airport	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangezhuang (Chinese: 谭格庄镇) is a town in Laiyang, Yantai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Tangezhuang	Laiyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amable du Fond River is a river in Nipissing District, in the Northern Ontario portion of Ontario, Canada.	Amable du Fond River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of St. La Salle (USLS) is a Catholic private university run by the De La Salle Brothers located in La Salle Avenue, Bacolod City, Philippines.	University of St. La Salle	Bacolod
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlentini (Sicilian: Carruntini) is a town and comune in the Province of Syracuse, Sicily (Italy).	Carlentini	Province of Syracuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Maryland Center for Advanced Study of Language (CASL) is the national laboratory for advanced research and development on language and national security, located in College Park, Maryland.	Center for Advanced Study of Language	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chedoke Falls is 15.5 metre urban ribbon waterfall found atop the Niagara Escarpment in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Chedoke Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Globe of Peace (Mappamondo della Pace in Italian) is a very large globe located in Apecchio, Pesaro, Italy.	Globe of Peace	Apecchio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viereth-Trunstadt is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg lying on the Main.	Viereth-Trunstadt	Bamberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roaring Creek Rancheria is a federal Indian reservation belonging to Achumawi and Atsugewi members of the Pit River Tribe, a federally recognized tribe of indigenous people of California.	Roaring Creek Rancheria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yashnobod (former Hamza) is one of 11 districts (tuman) of Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan.	Yashnobod	Tashkent
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Welsh Congregational Church is a Congregational church near Iowa City, Iowa that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.	First Welsh Congregational Church	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shigang Subdistrict (Chinese: 石岗大街街道) is a township-level division of Xinhua District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Shigang Subdistrict	Xinhua District, Shijiazhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Tract Farm, also known as the George Boone Homestead, is a historic house and farm complex located in ##Exeter Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania	Mill Tract Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatfield Heath is a village and electoral ward located in the county of Essex, UK with a population of approximately 1500 people, measured at 1,960 in the 2011 Census.	Hatfield Heath	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panjin (simplified Chinese: 盘锦; traditional Chinese: 盤錦; pinyin: Pánjǐn) is a prefecture-level city and a major oil production centre of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, and is situated on the northern coast of Liaodong Bay of the Bohai Gulf.	Panjin	Liaoning
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cuôr Knia is a rural commune (xã) in the Buôn Đôn District of Đắk Lắk Province, Vietnam, not far from the Cambodia border.	Cuôr Knia	Buôn Đôn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lurleen State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located on U.S. Highway 82 approximately 9 miles (14 km) northwest of Northport in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama.	Lake Lurleen State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Well Hill is a small relatively rural settlement, a large hamlet or possibly a small village, in the Sevenoaks district of Kent.	Well Hill	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chandler is a 36-story high-rise situated at the mouth of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan.	The Chandler	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madonna del Ghisallo is a hill in Magreglio, close to Lake Como in Italy.	Madonna del Ghisallo	Magreglio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toledo Harbor Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Lake Erie near Toledo, Ohio, in the United States.	Toledo Harbor Light	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phil Hoffman House is a house at 807 High Avenue East in Oskaloosa, Iowa.	Phil Hoffman House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rideau Skating Rink was an indoor skating and curling facility located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Rideau Skating Rink	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parvaraq (Persian: پرورق‎) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District, in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Parvaraq	Hajjilu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brexton, formerly known as Fish Lake, is a ghost town located in the Bridge River Country region of British Columbia.	Brexton	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hansa Tonstudio is a recording studio, since 1974 located in a former builders' guild hall on Köthener Straße No. 38 in the Kreuzberg district of Berlin, Germany.	Hansa Tonstudio	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miechówka (mjɛˈxufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Miechówka	Gmina Wolbrom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zgornji Čačič (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈtʃaːtʃitʃ); German: Obertschatschitsch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Zgornji Čačič	Osilnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavdar (Persian: گاودار‎, also Romanized as Gāvdār) is a village in Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District, Imam Hassan District, Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gavdar	Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enlarged Double Lock No. 23, Old Erie Canal is a historic Erie canal lock located at Rotterdam in Schenectady County, New York.	Enlarged Double Lock No. 23, Old Erie Canal	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sisterdale, Texas, is an unincorporated farming and ranching community, established in 1847 and located 13 miles (21 km) north of Boerne in Kendall County, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Sisterdale, Texas	Kendall County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fulton Congregational Church (Fulton Congregational Church, United Church of Christ) is a historic church on Fulton Street in Fulton, Wisconsin, United States.	Fulton Congregational Church	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	555 City Center is a 20-storey, 85 m (279 ft) skyscraper in the City Center complex of downtown Oakland, California.	555 City Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gellar-e Mohammad Hasan (Persian: گللرمحمدحسن‎, also Romanized as Gellar-e Moḩammad Ḩasan) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Gellar-e Mohammad Hasan	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oates-Reynolds Memorial Building (also known as the Girls' Dormitory of the Baptist Collegiate Institute) is a historic building in Newton, Alabama.	Oates-Reynolds Memorial Building	Newton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Brzeźniowska (ˈvɔla bʐɛʑˈɲɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Brzeźniowska	Gmina Brzeźnio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chistoprudny Boulevard (Russian: Чистопрудный Бульвар) is a major boulevard in the central part of Moscow running from Turgenevskaya Square and Sretensky Boulevard towards Pokrovka Street, where it adjoins Pokrovsky Boulevard.	Chistoprudny Boulevard	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wehretal is a community in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis in northeastern Hesse, Germany.	Wehretal	Werra-Meißner-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Księżopole-Komory (kɕɛ̃ʐɔˈpɔlɛ kɔˈmɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Księżopole-Komory	Gmina Bielany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murrisk (Irish: Muraisc) is one of the Baronial divisions of County Mayo and also a village in County Mayo, Ireland, on the south side of Clew Bay, about 8 km west of Westport and 4 km east of Lecanvey.	Murrisk	County Mayo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanrug (or Llanfihangel-yn-y-grug) is a large village in Gwynedd, north-west Wales.	Llanrug	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gózd Lipiński (ˈɡust liˈpiɲski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biszcza, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gózd Lipiński	Gmina Biszcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghul Kal (Persian: غولكل‎, also Romanized as Ghūl Kal; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District, in the Central District of Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Ghul Kal	Hayat Davud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Observatory Road (天文臺道) is one of the oldest roads in Hong Kong, and has existed since 1883.	Observatory Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaziuki (waˈʑuki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łaziuki	Gmina Tykocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikliwce (ɕiˈklift͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sikliwce	Gmina Susiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Babine Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located between Babine Lake, Babine River, Bulkey River and Skeena River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Babine Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balczewo (balˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Balczewo	Gmina Inowrocław
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maïdo is a volcanic peak on the island of Réunion, located above the city of Saint Paul and overlooking the ``Cirque de Mafate''.	Maïdo	Saint Paul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padukad is a place near Thrissur, Kerala.	Padukad	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairlee, Maryland is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Kent County, Maryland, United States.	Fairlee, Maryland	Kent County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavileh Chaman (Persian: طويله چمن‎, also Romanized as Ţavīleh Chaman) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tavileh Chaman	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edison Elementary School is the name of a K-8 grade school in the town of Edison, Washington.	Edison Elementary School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tivoli Hall (Slovene: Hala Tivoli) is a complex of two multi-purpose indoor sport arenas in Tivoli City Park in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Tivoli Hall	Ljubljana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaparada is a taluka in Valsad district, Gujarat, India, near the border to Maharashtra.	Kaparada	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Government Conference Centre is a government building in downtown Ottawa, Canada, located at 2 Rideau Street.	Government Conference Centre	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	A.J. Eisenberg Airport (IATA: ODW, ICAO: KOKH, FAA LID: OKH, formerly 76S) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Oak Harbor, a city in Island County, Washington, United States.	A.J. Eisenberg Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaracheh Qia (Persian: قراچه قيا‎, also Romanized as Qarācheh Qīā, Gharacheh Ghiya, Qarah Jāqiah, Qara Jāghīa, Qarājeh Qeyā, and Qarājeh Qīā; also known as Qarājeh Qabā) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qaracheh Qia	Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meyrals is a commune in the Dordogne department in the southwest of France.	Meyrals	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Theatre-By-the-Sea (also known as Theater by the Sea) is an historic theater and playhouse at Card Ponds Road in South Kingstown, Rhode Island.	Theatre-By-the-Sea	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruins of small Rabštejnek Castle can be found near village Rabštejn (administrative part of village Rabštejnská Lhota) in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Rabštejnek Castle	Rabštejnská Lhota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fargo Air Museum is an aviation related museum in Fargo, North Dakota.	Fargo Air Museum	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sturgis Pretzel House of Lititz, Pennsylvania, founded in 1861, is the oldest commercial pretzel bakery in the United States.	Sturgis Pretzel House	Lititz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dali Qiz (Persian: دلي قيز‎, also Romanized as Dalī Qez; also known as Dalīqez) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dali Qiz	Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hnawayaca is a village in northwestern Maré Island, in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia.	Hnawayaca	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCTA (1030 AM) is a Christian talk radio station based in Corpus Christi, Texas.	KCTA	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Juńcza (ˈnɔva ˈjuɲt͡ʂa) (German: Neu Juncza) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Juńcza	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brickfields is a sports stadium in Devonport, England.	The Brickfields	Devonport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putnowice Wielkie (putnɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Putnowice Wielkie	Gmina Wojsławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Burnside, also known as Oneahibunga, is a lake in the Gibson Desert, located in the Mid West region of Western Australia, northeast of Lake Carnegie.	Lake Burnside	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulcza Wielka (ˈdult͡ʂa ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl Wielki, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Dulcza Wielka	Gmina Radomyśl Wielki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzemów (ˈkʂɛmuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Krzemów	Gmina Krzeszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węgielce (vɛŋˈɡʲɛlt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Węgielce	Gmina Michów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rairden Bridge is a Pennsylvania through truss near Manderson, Wyoming, which crosses the Big Horn River.	Rairden Bridge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jardine Water Purification Plant, formerly the Central District Filtration Plant, is the largest capacity water filtration plant in the world, located at 1000 E. Ohio Street north of Navy Pier in Chicago, Illinois.	Jardine Water Purification Plant	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denmark Hill railway station is in the London Borough of Southwark in London, England, on the South London and East London lines.	Denmark Hill railway station	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abrun (Persian: ابرون‎, also Romanized as Ābrūn and Āberūn; also known as Avan and Āvarān) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Abrun	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delgany (Irish: Deilgne, meaning ``Thorny Place'') is a small rural village in County Wicklow located on the R762 road which connects to the N11 road at the Glen of the Downs.	Delgany	County Wicklow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ghurian District (Ghoryan District) is an Afghan administrative district (Wuleswali) in far western Afghanistan in western Herat Province.	Ghurian District	Herat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa-ye Astan (Persian: پاي استان‎‎, also Romanized as Pā-ye Āstān, Pā Āsetān, Pāy Āsetān, and Pa yi Āstān) is a village in Kunani Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pa-ye Astan	Kunani Rural District	Kunani District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederick Douglass National Historic Site, administered by the National Park Service, is located at 1411 W St., SE in Anacostia, a neighborhood east of the Anacostia River in Southeast Washington, D.C..	Frederick Douglass National Historic Site	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogóły (ɔˈɡuwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ogóły	Gmina Czarna Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krajewo-Kawęczyno (kraˈjɛvɔ kavɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krajewo-Kawęczyno	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teymurlu Rural District (Persian: دهستان تيمورلو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Gugan District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Teymurlu Rural District	Gugan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boruja (bɔˈruja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Boruja	Gmina Siedlec
located in the administrative territorial entity	St George's Church, Gravesend is a Grade II*-listed Anglican church dedicated to Saint George, which is situated near the foot of Gravesend High Street in the Borough of Gravesham.	St George's Church, Gravesend	Gravesham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narivaran-e Gharbi (Persian: ناريوران غربي‎, also Romanized as Nārīvarān-e Gharbī; also known as Nārīvarān) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Narivaran-e Gharbi	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	It grew so much that on 23 January 1973, a new district named Kurukshetra district was created, of which Thanesar was the main town.	Thanesar	Kurukshetra district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratwara a village in Sitamarhi district of Bihar, India also known as Vishnupur Ratwara or Bishunpur Ratwara.	Ratwara	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altandhu is a small hamlet, overlooking the sea loch, Loch an Alltain Duibh to the west, on the western shore of the Rubha Mor Peninsula, in the Achiltibuie area, in Ullapool, Ross-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Altandhu	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsintsunko Lakes Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located south of the Deadman River between Kamloops (SE) and Bonaparte Lake (NW).	Tsintsunko Lakes Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamadah (Persian: ممده‎; also known as Moḩammadeh) is a village in Dizaj Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mamadah	Dizaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garab Dishmuk (Persian: گراب ديشموك‎, also Romanized as Garāb Dīshmūk) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Garab Dishmuk	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Wratting is a small village and civil parish in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk in eastern England.	Little Wratting	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reiman Gardens is a 17- acre university-owned public garden located immediately south of Jack Trice Stadium on the Iowa State University (ISU) campus in Ames, Iowa.	Reiman Gardens	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Max Bettin House at 602 E. Santa Rosa in Victoria, Texas, United States was built in 1908.	Max Bettin House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke Orchard is a village or hamlet north-west of Cheltenham in Gloucestershire, England.	Stoke Orchard	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dolley Todd House or Dolley Todd Madison House in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is a house once owned by Dolley Madison.	Dolley Todd House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMJE-FM (92.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Placerville, California, USA and serving the Sacramento area with a Spanish CHR format, branded as ``Vive 92.1''.	KMJE-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLEE (1480 AM) is a commercial radio station serving the Ottumwa, Iowa area.	KLEE	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaszków (ˈzaʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zaszków	Gmina Nur
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSPQ (1330 AM), branded as Classic Hits 1330, is a radio station licensed to Springville, New York, and serves the Southtowns region of Western New York.	WSPQ	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sop Tia (Thai: สบเตี๊ยะ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Chom Thong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Sop Tia	Chom Thong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nepa is a village and market center Dullu Municipality in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal.	Nepa	Dailekh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millom is a town and civil parish on the north shore of the estuary of the River Duddon around 7 miles north of Barrow-in-Furness in southwest Cumbria, England.	Millom	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lester Center for Entrepreneurship is a program and the primary locus for the study and promotion of entrepreneurship and new enterprise development at the University of California Berkeley.	Lester Center for Entrepreneurship	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaghdar-e Pain (Persian: جغدرپائين‎, also Romanized as Jaghdar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jaghdar-e Pain	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and United States Courthouse, formerly known as the Amarillo U.S. Post Office and Courthouse, is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas built in Amarillo, Texas in 1939.	J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and United States Courthouse	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Situated in the fifth (cinquième) arrondissement of Paris, Rue Mouffetard is one of Paris's oldest and liveliest neighbourhoods.	Rue Mouffetard	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pontiac Transportation Center is an intermodal terminal station located in Pontiac, Michigan that is served by Amtrak's Michigan Services Wolverine.	Pontiac Transportation Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Dickson Street Commercial Historic District, known as Dickson Street (historically spelled incorrectly as Dixon Street) is an area in downtown Fayetteville, Arkansas just off the University of Arkansas campus.	Dickson Street	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meighen Island is an uninhabited member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands, part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Meighen Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craigleith (Scottish Gaelic: Creag Lìte) is a small island in the Firth of Forth off North Berwick in East Lothian, Scotland.	Craigleith	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Îles du Connétable (Constable Islands) are two islands within French Guiana (Grand Connétable and Petit Connétable) that were claimed under the Guano Islands Act of 1856 for the United States of America.	Îles du Connétable	French Guiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiram Cure Airport or Hiram Cure Airfield (FAA LID: C43) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of the central business district of Sunfield, in Eaton County, Michigan, United States.	Hiram Cure Airfield	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deekshabhoomi is situated in Nagpur, Maharashtra, a location regarded as a pilgrimage center of Buddhism in India.	Deekshabhoomi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kokkupalem is a small village near Mallam, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh state, India.	Kokkupalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacon Glacier is a glacier in Juneau City and Borough, Alaska, US, close to the Canadian border.	Bacon Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Bam Furd (Persian: حسن ابادبمفورد‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Bam Fūrd; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Bam Furd	Rizab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chigorodó (Spanish pronunciation: (tʃiɣoɾoˈðo)) is a municipality in Antioquia Department, Colombia.	Chigorodó	Antioquia Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raft River Mountains are a mountain range in northern Box Elder County, Utah, United States.	Raft River Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stretford (pop. 37,500) is a town in Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.	Stretford	Trafford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springton Manor Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located in Wallace Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Springton Manor Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The court opened on 22 September 2011 as a replacement for the City of Westminster Magistrates' Court.	Westminster Magistrates' Court	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eschelbronn is a village with 2,597 inhabitants in the Rhein-Neckar district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Eschelbronn	Rhein-Neckar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omni Bedford Springs Resort is a resort hotel outside of Bedford, Pennsylvania.	Omni Bedford Springs Resort	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knottingley is a town within the metropolitan borough of the City of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England on the River Aire and the A1 road.	Knottingley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosamond Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in eastern Kern County, California.	Rosamond Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paineiras is a municipality in the Midwest of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.	Paineiras	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Hawk Cabin at 458 N. 3rd West, Salt Lake City, Utah, United States, is a ``Pennsylvania style'' log cabin that was built between 1848 and 1852.	William Hawk Cabin	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad Kola (Persian: تازه ابادكلا‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād Kolā; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tazehabad Kola	Qareh Toghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blankenhagen Castle (German: Burg Blankenhagen) was a lowland castle (Niederungsburg), whose ruins are located by the River Aller near Grethem in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Blankenhagen Castle	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ye College Inn is a nationally recognized historic building in Seattle, Washington.	Ye College Inn	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKVA is an oldies music formatted radio station in the Lewistown, Pennsylvania, market.	WKVA	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pishkesh (Persian: پيشكش‎, also Romanized as Pīshkesh) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pishkesh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shan County or Shanxian is a county of Heze in the Chinese province of Shandong.	Shan County	Heze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ługi Wałeckie (ˈwuɡi vaˈwɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Karlsruhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ługi Wałeckie	Gmina Wałcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bad Creek Hydroelectric Station is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station located 8 miles (13 km) north of Salem in Oconee County, South Carolina.	Bad Creek Hydroelectric Station	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rotowaro's association football team was one of the strongest clubs in the Waikato Region in the 1920s and 1930s, reaching later rounds of the Chatham Cup on several occasions.	Rotowaro	Waikato Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalrud (Persian: كلرود‎, also Romanized as Kalrūd) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalrud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ybor City (/ˈiːbɔr/ EE-bor) is a historic neighborhood that includes the Ybor City Historic District in Tampa, Florida.	Ybor City	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biała Niżna (ˈbʲawa ˈɲiʐna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grybów, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Biała Niżna	Gmina Grybów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahirgachi Halt is a village and small railway station (Halt) in Nadia district of West Bengal, India.	Bahirgachi	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberchalder (Gaelic: Obar Chaladair) is a small settlement and estate at the northern end of Loch Oich in the Scottish Highlands and is in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Aberchalder	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Central Terminal is a former railroad station in Buffalo, New York.	Buffalo Central Terminal	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lackawanna was created by the removal of fill material for the creation of Lubber Run Fill on the Lackawanna Cut-Off in northwest New Jersey, United States.	Lake Lackawanna	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John C. Campbell Folk School, also referred to as ``The Folk School'' is located near Brasstown, North Carolina along the Cherokee County and Clay line.	John C. Campbell Folk School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hameh Ja (Persian: همه جا‎, also Romanized as Hameh Jā) is a village in Asara Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Hameh Ja	Asara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ulster House Hotel, formerly the Wellington Hotel, is located on Main Street in Pine Hill, New York, United States.	Ulster House Hotel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowdoin National Wildlife Refuge is a 15,551-acre (6,293 ha) National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) located in the north-central region of the U.S. state of Montana.	Bowdoin National Wildlife Refuge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzbańce-Osiedle (ˈd͡zbaɲt͡sɛ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Dzbańce-Osiedle	Gmina Branice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gotherington is a small village north of Bishops Cleeve in Gloucestershire, England.	Gotherington	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campofelice di Roccella (Sicilian: Campufilici di Ruccedda) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region of Sicily, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southeast of Palermo.	Campofelice di Roccella	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Beechey (sometimes Beechey Lake) is a lake in Kitikmeot, Nunavut, Canada.	Lake Beechey	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donald and Sylvia McLaughlin Natural Reserve is a 7,050-acre (28.5 km2) University of California Natural Reserve System reserve in the Blue Ridge Berryessa Natural Area, in Napa and Lake counties of California.	McLaughlin Natural Reserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivadeh (Persian: ريواده‎, also Romanized as Rīvādeh) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rivadeh	Miyan Jovin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhoads-Lorah House and Barn, also known as ``Five Springs Farm,'' is a historic home and barn located in Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Rhoads-Lorah House and Barn	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dargu Jonubi (Persian: درگوجنوبي‎, also Romanized as Dargū Jonūbī; also known as Dargoo and Darkū-ye Janūbī) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dargu Jonubi	Cheghapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hornelen is a mountain in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Hornelen	Bremanger
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Katajanokka Airport (Finnish: Katajanokan lentosatama) was the first airport in Finland, located in the Katajanokka neighbourhood in Helsinki.	Katajanokka Airport	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vision City (Chinese: 萬景峯) is a residential high-rise development located in the Tsuen Wan district of the New Territories in Hong Kong.	Vision City	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bulyea is a village in McKillop Rural Municipality No. 220, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Bulyea	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miranova Place is an office / condominiums complex in Columbus, Ohio, consisting of Miranova Condominiums and Miranova Corporate Tower.	Miranova Place	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Włocin-Wieś (ˈvwɔt͡ɕin ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Włocin-Wieś	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behbudi or Behboodi also known as Pabuto in Pukhto is a village in the Chachh region of Attock District, Northern Punjab, Pakistan.	Behbudi	Attock District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gowanda Correctional Facility is a medium security prison for males located in Gowanda, New York, United States.	Gowanda Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jack Hills are a range of hills in Mid West Western Australia.	Jack Hills	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hardin Village Site (15GP22) is a Fort Ancient culture Montour Phase archaeological site located on a terrace of the Ohio River near South Shore in Greenup County, Kentucky.	Hardin Village Site	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Masonic Opera House, also known as the What Cheer Opera House, is a historic building located in What Cheer, Iowa, United States.	Masonic Opera House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost McLeod Mine is a legend of a lost mine in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	Lost McLeod Mine	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loomis Homestead in Windsor, Connecticut, is one of the oldest timber-frame houses in America.	Loomis Homestead	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willi Willi National Park is a protected national park located on the North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Willi Willi National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbus Towers or Torres de Colón is a highrise office building composed of twin towers located at the Plaza de Colón in Madrid, Spain.	Torres de Colón	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poplar Hill Mansion is a historic U.S. mansion located at 117 Elizabeth Street, Salisbury, Maryland and is open to the public as a house museum.	Poplar Hill Mansion	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keçiören is a metropolitan district of Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, a crowded district in the northern part of the city of Ankara.	Keçiören	Ankara Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wyperfeld, Big Desert and Ngarkat Important Bird Area comprises a 9743 km2 tract of semiarid mallee woodlands and shrublands in south-eastern Australia, straddling the border between the states of South Australia and Victoria.	Wyperfeld, Big Desert and Ngarkat Important Bird Area	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trenton Junction railway station in Trenton, Ontario, Canada, is an unstaffed station served by Via Rail trains running from Toronto to Ottawa and Montreal.	Trenton Junction railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faver (German: Fafer) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Trento.	Faver	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckhurst Hill is an affluent suburban town in the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.	Buckhurst Hill	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberschöneweide (Upper Schöneweide) is a German locality (Ortsteil) within the Berlin borough (Bezirk) of Treptow-Köpenick.	Oberschöneweide	Treptow-Köpenick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christian Island is a large island in Georgian Bay close to the communities of Penetanguishene and Midland, Ontario.	Christian Island	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mostyn is a small village in Flintshire, Wales, and electoral ward lying on the estuary of the River Dee, located near the town of Holywell.	Mostyn	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anarak-e Sofla (Persian: انارك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Anārak-e Soflá; also known as Anārak and Anārak-e Avval) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Anarak-e Sofla	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczypkowice (ʂt͡ʂɨpkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Zipkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szczypkowice	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kajuluru is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.It has a population of about 14000 persons living in around 3411 households.	Kajuluru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Espy House, also known as David Espy House or Gen. Arthur St. Clair Office is a house in Bedford, Pennsylvania.	Espy House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karwosieki-Noskowice (karvɔˈɕɛki nɔskɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Karwosieki-Noskowice	Gmina Brudzeń Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Verdilu (Persian: علي ورديلو‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Verdlū; also known as Allāh Verdīlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 8 families.	Ali Verdilu	Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jawahar Planetarium is located in the city of Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Jawahar Planetarium	Allahabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camlin Hotel is an historic hotel in downtown Seattle, Washington.	Camlin Hotel	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pavoloch, also known as Pavolitsh in Yiddish, Pawolotsch in German, and Pawołocz in Polish, is a selo in Popilnia Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Pavoloch	Popilnia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walkerton District Community School is a public K--12 school in Walkerton, Ontario, Canada.	Walkerton District Community School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białężyce (bjawɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sɛ) (German: Bilsenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Białężyce	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urho Kekkonen National Park (Finnish: Urho Kekkosen kansallispuisto) is a national park in Lapland, Finland, situated in area of municipalities of Savukoski, Sodankylä and Inari.	Urho Kekkonen National Park	Lapland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coopers Rock State Forest is a 12,747-acre (52 km2) state forest in Monongalia and Preston counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	Coopers Rock State Forest	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dream Center is a Pentecostal Christian Church mission located at 2301 Bellevue Avenue in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, two blocks west of Alvarado Street on the north side of the 101 Freeway.	Dream Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maria Luisa Park (Parque de María Luisa) is a public park that stretches along the Guadalquivir River in Seville, Spain.	Maria Luisa Park	Seville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agios Nikolaos metro station is on Athens Metro Line 1.	Agios Nikolaos metro station	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budzicz (ˈbud͡ʑit͡ʂ) (German: Georgendorf; until 1936: Puditsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Budzicz	Gmina Prusice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huis ter Nieuwburg or Huis ter Nieuburch (``House at New Borough'') was a palace in Rijswijk, Holland, Dutch Republic.	Huis ter Nieuwburg	Rijswijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmondson-Westside High School is a public high school located in the southwest area known as Edmondson Village of Baltimore, Maryland.	Edmondson-Westside High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darband-e Dehowl (Persian: دربنددهول‎) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darband-e Dehowl	Ozgoleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaemabad-e Razzaqzadeh (Persian: قايم ابادرزاق زاده‎, also Romanized as Qā’emābād-e Razzāqzādeh; also known as Qā’emābād, Ebrāhīmābād, Gha’em Abad, Qāimabad, and Qāyemābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qaemabad-e Razzaqzadeh	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shib Deh (Persian: شيب ده‎, also Romanized as Shīb Deh) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shib Deh	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nedumkandam is the headquarters of Udumbanchola taluk which is situated in Idukki district of the Indian state of Kerala.	Nedumkandam	Idukki district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shesh Bahreh-ye Mianeh (Persian: شش بهره ميانه‎, also Romanized as Shesh Bahreh-ye Mīāneh; also known as Shesh Bahreh-ye Aḩmadī) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shesh Bahreh-ye Mianeh	Milas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Qualla Boundary or The Qualla is territory held as a land trust for the federally recognized Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, who reside in western North Carolina.	Qualla Boundary	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caddo Hills High School (CHHS) is a nationally recognized public high school located in the rural community of Norman, Arkansas, United States.	Caddo Hills High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lunt-Fontanne Theatre (previously known as the Globe Theatre) is a Broadway theatre located at 205 West 46th Street in midtown-Manhattan.	Lunt-Fontanne Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	International Vedic Hindu University (formerly Hindu University of America) is a U.S. non-profit educational institution based in Orlando, Florida.	International Vedic Hindu University	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vashon Island High School (VHS) is a public high school located on Vashon Island, Washington.	Vashon Island High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamvar Kandi (Persian: همواركندي‎, also Romanized as Hamvār Kandī; also known as Hāmār Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hamvar Kandi	Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Kaleńskie (ˈbudɨ kaˈlɛɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Kaleńskie	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chipstable is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated beside Heydon Hill 10 miles (16.1 km) west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Chipstable	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seminole Heights is a historic neighborhood and district located in central Tampa.	Seminole Heights	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nethertown is a small village in Cumbria, England on the Irish Sea coast .	Nethertown	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharpham is a village and civil parish on the Somerset Levels near Street and Glastonbury in the Mendip district of Somerset, England.	Sharpham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilbarger County Airport (IATA: WIB, FAA LID: F05) is a county owned, public use airport in Wilbarger County, Texas, United States.	Wilbarger County Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumve, Tanzania is located in the Kwimba District of the Mwanza Region, at 2°44′50``S 33°13′40''E. Sumve's residents are predominantly from the Wasukuma tribe, the largest in Tanzania, but some of Sumve's institutions employ Wahaya, Wajita, Wakerewe, Wanyamwezi and others from neighboring tribes.	Sumve	Kwimba District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenbei New Area (simplified Chinese: 沈北新区; traditional Chinese: 沈北新區; pinyin: Shěnběi Xīn Qū) is a development zone and one of nine districts of Shenyang, the capital of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, and forms part of the northern suburbs.	Shenbei New Area	Shenyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Browns Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located near Tacoma on Browns Point at the east entrance to Puget Sound's Commencement Bay, Pierce County, Washington.	Browns Point Light	Pierce County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayask (Persian: آيسك‎, also Romanized as Āysak; also known as Ayāz and Aiāz) is a city in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ayask	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrews Glacier is an alpine glacier in a cirque below Otis Peak (12,486 ft (3,806 m)) in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Andrews Glacier	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horodnianka-Kolonia (xɔrɔdˈɲanka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Horodnianka-Kolonia	Gmina Wasilków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George F. Lee Octagon Houses were built by farmer and carpenter George F. Lee south of Nebraska City, Nebraska near the Missouri River.	George F. Lee Octagon Houses	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Bay Bridge is a twin-span girder bridge that carries a concurrency of U.S. Route 4, NH Route 16, and the Spaulding Turnpike across the mouth of Little Bay, where it meets the Piscataqua River, between the city of Dover and the town of Newington in New Hampshire.	Little Bay Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puente Don Manuel is a hamlet in the municipality of Alcaucín in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain.	Puente Don Manuel	Alcaucín
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krowica Lasowa (krɔˈvʲit͡sa laˈsɔva) (Ukrainian: Коровиця Лісова, Korovytsia Lisova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Krowica Lasowa	Gmina Lubaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beachwood Place is an upscale shopping mall located in Beachwood, Ohio, a Greater Cleveland suburb.	Beachwood Place	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorlewadi is a village of Baramati taluka, Pune district, Maharashtra, India.	Dorlewadi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ułtowo (uu̯ˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ułtowo	Gmina Bielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kawle Dolne (ˈkavlɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kawle Dolne	Gmina Przodkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Sali (Thai: สันสลี) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Wiang Pa Pao District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	San Sali	Wiang Pa Pao
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaver Kill, sometimes written as the Beaverkill or Beaverkill River, is a tributary of the East Branch of the Delaware River, approximately 44 miles (71 km) long, in the U.S. State of New York.	Beaver Kill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	250 Vesey Street, formerly Four World Financial Center, is a part of the Brookfield Place complex in Lower Manhattan, which houses the international headquarters of Merrill Lynch.	250 Vesey Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Cedar Baptist Church and Burying Ground is located on Big Cedar Creek Road, between the road to Reily and the Oxford Pike, in Springfield Township, Franklin County, Indiana.	Big Cedar Baptist Church and Burying Ground	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saxlingham Nethergate is a village and civil parish in Norfolk, England, about 9.5 miles (15 km) south of Norwich.	Saxlingham Nethergate	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hooglandse Kerk is a Gothic church in Leiden dating from the fifteenth century.	Hooglandse Kerk	Leiden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuladeh (Persian: چولاده‎, also Romanized as Chūlādeh) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chuladeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ford Warehouse, also known as the Simon Brothers Building, is located at 1024 Dodge Street in Downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Ford Warehouse	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emma Silver Mine is a currently inactive silver mine near Alta, Utah, in the United States.	Emma Silver Mine	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namanlu (Persian: نامانلو‎, also Romanized as Nāmānlū) is a village in Jirestan Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Namanlu	Jirestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akköse is a village in the Dernekpazarı district of Trabzon Province, Turkey, close to the town of Trabzon.	Akköse	Dernekpazarı
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Lake St. Marys Seaplane Base (FAA LID: O12) is a public use seaplane base located five nautical miles (9 km) southwest of the central business district of St. Marys, a city in Auglaize County, Ohio, United States.	Grand Lake St. Marys Seaplane Base	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Michael on the Mount Without is a church on St Michael's Hill in Bristol, England, near the University.	St Michael on the Mount Without	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pańskie Łąki (ˈpaɲskʲɛ ˈwɔnki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pańskie Łąki	Gmina Ryjewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciboušov (Ger. Zibich) is a small settlement near Klášterec nad Ohří (and is officially part of that town).	Ciboušov	Klášterec nad Ohří
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arjuyeh (Persian: ارجويه‎, also Romanized as Ārjūyeh; also known as Argū and Ārgū) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Arjuyeh	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nebling is a small village in the municipality of Untergriesbach in the District of Passau in Lower Bavaria, Germany.	Nebling	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Hamadaniah Sports Arena (Arabic: صالة الحمدانية الرياضية‎) is an indoor sports hall in Aleppo, Syria.	Al-Hamadaniah Sports Arena	Aleppo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górka Lubartowska (ˈɡurka lubarˈtɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Górka Lubartowska	Gmina Niedźwiada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowalów Dolny (kɔˈvaluf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kowalów Dolny	Gmina Wodzisław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heathwood Hall Episcopal School, Heathwood Hall, or simply Heathwood is an independent coeducational college preparatory school in Columbia, South Carolina.	Heathwood Hall Episcopal School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport (IATA: PIA, ICAO: KPIA, FAA LID: PIA) is a civil/military public airport five miles west of Peoria, in Peoria County, Illinois.	General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beverly Hills Hotel, also called The Beverly Hills Hotel and Bungalows, is located on Sunset Boulevard in Beverly Hills, California.	The Beverly Hills Hotel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gosie Małe (ˈɡɔɕɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gosie Małe	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Club of Odd Volumes is a private social club and society of bibliophiles founded in 1887, in Boston, Massachusetts.	The Club of Odd Volumes	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganjdan (Persian: گنج دان‎, also Romanized as Ganjdān) is a village in Milanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ganjdan	Milanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chung Cheng Aviation Museum (Chinese: 中正航空科學館; pinyin: Zhōngzhèng Hángkōng Kēxuéguǎn) was an aviation museum located at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport in Dayuan Township, Taoyuan County (now Dayuan District, Taoyuan City), Taiwan.	Chung Cheng Aviation Museum	Dayuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medle is a locality situated in Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 552 inhabitants in 2010.	Medle	Skellefteå Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dworcowy (dvɔrˈt͡sɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Dworcowy	Gmina Niegosławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Shore Studios is a film company located in the city of North Vancouver, British Columbia.	North Shore Studios	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kareh Meydan (Persian: كره ميدان‎, also Romanized as Kareh Meydān) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kareh Meydan	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maksymowszczyzna (maksɨmɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) (Ukrainian: Максимівщина, Maksymivshchyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Maksymowszczyzna	Gmina Czyże
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chet Anderson Stadium is the stadium at Bemidji State University in Bemidji, Minnesota.	Chet Anderson Stadium	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monbijou Palace was a Rococo palace in central Berlin located in the present-day Monbijou Park on the north bank of the Spree river across from today's Bode Museum and within sight of the Hohenzollern city palace.	Monbijou Palace	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Samuel Guthrie House is a historic home located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County, New York.	Dr. Samuel Guthrie House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benedict College is a historically black, liberal arts college located in Columbia, South Carolina.	Benedict College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasatch-Cache National Forest is a United States National Forest located primarily in northern Utah (81.23%), with smaller parts extending into southeastern Idaho (16.42%) and southwestern Wyoming (2.35%).	Wasatch-Cache National Forest	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CFSB Center is an 8,600 seat arena located in Murray, Kentucky near the intersection of Ky.	CFSB Center	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Venerina (Sicilian: Santa Vinirina) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Catania.	Santa Venerina	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haskell's Bloomfield Villa, also known as the Humphreys House, is located in Montclair, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Haskell's Bloomfield Villa	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wupperman Block/I.O.O.F. Hall is located just north of downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Wupperman Block/I.O.O.F. Hall	Davenport
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nashua Street Jail, also known as the Suffolk County Jail is a jail located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Nashua Street Jail	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinton Parva is a hamlet and civil parish in east Dorset, England, three miles north of Wimborne Minster.	Hinton Parva	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorna Gorica (Macedonian: Горна Горица), previously officially known as Goricë e Madhe, is a village in the Pustec Municipality of the Korçë County in Albania.	Gorna Gorica	Pustec
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHOX-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a francophone adult contemporary format at 97.5 FM in La Pocatière, Quebec.	CHOX-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Kębłów (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɛmbwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Kębłów	Gmina Żelechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byrakur is a village in Mulbagal Taluk, Kolar district in Karnataka state, India.	Byrakur	Kolar district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambridge Mann, sometimes called Ambridge-Horace Mann or Horace Mann-Ambridge, is a neighborhood in northwestern Gary, Indiana.	Ambridge Mann	Gary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebicz-Młyn (ˈtʂɛbit͡ʂ ˈmwɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Trzebicz-Młyn	Gmina Drezdenko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spędoszyn-Kolonia (spɛnˈdɔʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Spędoszyn-Kolonia	Gmina Wartkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farnam Mansion is a 19th-century mansion in the city of Oneida, which is located in Central New York State midway between the cities of Syracuse and Utica.	Farnam Mansion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silivri is a city and a district in Istanbul Province along the Sea of Marmara in Turkey, outside metropolitan Istanbul, containing many holiday and weekend homes for residents of the city.	Silivri	Istanbul Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crane Creek Regional Park is a regional park east of Rohnert Park, California, U.S.A. which is maintained by the Sonoma County Regional Parks Department.	Crane Creek Regional Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damaramadugu is an agricultural village located in Buchireddipalem mandal of Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Damaramadugu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Giuseppe Verdi Monument is a sculpture in honor of composer Giuseppe Verdi located in Verdi Square Park in Manhattan, New York City.	Giuseppe Verdi Monument	Manhattan	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franco-manitoban School Division (French: Division scolaire franco-manitobaine) is a school division in Manitoba, Canada offering French-language education to its students.	Franco-manitoban School Division	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Tennessee State University, commonly abbreviated as MTSU or MT, is a comprehensive coeducational public university in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.	Middle Tennessee State University	Murfreesboro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanigon is a village in Powys, Wales on the edge of the Brecon Beacons National Park, north of the Black Mountains, Wales.	Llanigon	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hammer Lake is a hammer-shaped lake in Ontario, Canada located between White River and Wawa.	Hammer Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Egan Range Wilderness is a 67,214-acre (27,201 ha) wilderness area in Lincoln, White Pine, and Nye Counties in the U.S. state of Nevada.	South Egan Range Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Antonio Rose Palace is a 4,500-seat multi-purpose arena in the Leon Springs area of San Antonio, Texas.	San Antonio Rose Palace	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ouimet Canyon is a large gorge in the municipality of Dorion, Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario, Canada, about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of the city of Thunder Bay.	Ouimet Canyon	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siwani is a city and a municipal committee in Bhiwani district in the north Indian state of Haryana.	Siwani	Bhiwani district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellebranche Abbey (French: Abbaye de Bellebranche) is a former Cistercian monastery located in Saint-Brice, Mayenne, France, founded in 1152 and suppressed during the French Revolution.	Bellebranche Abbey	Saint-Brice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamsabad-e Yek (Persian: شمس آباد1‎, also Romanized as Shamsābād-e Yek; also known as Shamsābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shamsabad-e Yek	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frank Buck Zoo is a small zoo originally founded in 1930 and located in the 30 acres (12.1 ha) Leonard Park in Gainesville, Texas, USA.	Frank Buck Zoo	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio del Ejército, officially Estadio Coronel Guillermo Reyes Gramajo is a football stadium located in Guatemala City, the capital of Guatemala.	Estadio del Ejército	Guatemala City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muscle Shoals Sound Studio was formed in Sheffield, Alabama, in 1969 when a group of four session musicians called The Swampers decided to leave the nearby FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals to create their own recording set-up.	Muscle Shoals Sound Studio	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eilan, also known as ``Eilean Bheannchair'', in Scots Gaelic, is a shinty stadium in the town of Newtonmore, Scotland.	The Eilan	Newtonmore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Until 1964, Louveciennes belonged to the former Seine-et-Oise département.	Louveciennes	Seine-et-Oise
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northridge Hospital Medical Center is a hospital in the Northridge district of Los Angeles, California, USA.	Northridge Hospital Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarqin District is a small boundary district in the northern part of Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan.	Qarqin District	Jowzjan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakhi, Nepal is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.	Rakhi, Nepal	Kaski District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eureka Marsh ( previously known as the Palco Marsh ) is an area adjacent to the Humboldt Bay located on the coast of the Pacific Ocean in Humboldt County, California.	Eureka Marsh	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Argonaut Building, renamed in 2009 the A. Alfred Taubman Center for Design Education (originally the Argonaut, or General Motors Research Laboratory), is a large office building located at 485 West Milwaukee Avenue in the New Center area of Detroit, Michigan, across the street from Cadillac Place.	Argonaut Building	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scharf-Gerstenberg Collection (German: Sammlung Scharf-Gerstenberg) is an art museum in Berlin.	Scharf-Gerstenberg Collection	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spenceville Wildlife Area is an 11,448-acre (46.33 km2) wildlife preserve managed by the California Department of Fish and Game.	Spenceville Wildlife Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patagonia Lake State Park is a state park of Arizona, USA, containing Patagonia Lake.	Patagonia Lake State Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanimal or Vanimel is a village and a Grama Panchayath in the north of Kozhikode district, Kerala, India.	Vanimal	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Murakami Stadium is the baseball stadium at the University of Hawaii at Manoa in Honolulu CDP, City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii, United States.	Les Murakami Stadium	Honolulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahurzan (Persian: ماهورزان‎, also Romanized as Māhūrzān; also known as Māhūrestān) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mahurzan	Central District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ningaloo Station is a sheep station located in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia about 40 kilometres (25 mi) North of Coral Bay.	Ningaloo Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mezzanego (Ligurian: Mezànego) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about 35 kilometres (22 miles) east of Genoa.	Mezzanego	Province of Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narangi is a village in the city of Virar, in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Narangi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuch Tappeh (Persian: كوچ تپه‎, also Romanized as Kūch Tappeh) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kuch Tappeh	Khararud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ouachita Baptist University (OBU) is a private, liberal arts, undergraduate institution located in Arkadelphia, Arkansas, which is about 65 miles southwest of Little Rock.	Ouachita Baptist University	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reinhardt Canyon is located in the Lakeview Mountains, just west of Hemet in western Riverside County, California.	Reinhardt Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazna (German: Baaßen; Transylvanian Saxon dialect: Baußen; Hungarian: Bázna) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania.	Bazna	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eisenhower House, formerly known as the Commandant's Residence or Quarters Number One of Fort Adams, is a historic house that is part of Fort Adams State Park in Newport, Rhode Island.	Eisenhower House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fenelon Place Elevator is a 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge funicular railway located in Dubuque, Iowa.	Fenelon Place Elevator	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	WREB is a radio station licensed to Greencastle, Indiana, broadcasting at 94.3 MHz in FM.	WREB	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Sefid Karim (Persian: ده سفيدكريم‎, also Romanized as Deh Sefīd Karīm; also known as Deh Sefīd) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Sefid Karim	Kakasharaf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour de Capitello (Corsican: Torra di Capiteddu) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Grosseto-Prugna (Corse-du-Sud) on the coast of the French island of Corsica.	Tour de Capitello	Grosseto-Prugna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strawberry Mansion Bridge is a steel arch truss bridge across the Schuylkill River in Fairmount Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Strawberry Mansion Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harris Academy Bromley is a secondary school located in North Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley.	Harris Academy Bromley	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belper is a town and civil parish in the local government district of Amber Valley in Derbyshire, England.	Belper	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Nationwide Plaza is a 40-story skyscraper in Columbus, Ohio that serves as the corporate office headquarters of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company.	One Nationwide Plaza	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singanna Palem is a village of India, located in the Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh.	Singanna Palem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Caldwell High School (SCHS) is located at the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains in Hudson, North Carolina.	South Caldwell High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warwick Furnace Farms is a historic district in northern Chester County, Pennsylvania that includes the ruins of an early iron furnace, the ironmaster's house and workers' houses, as well as a historic farm house and barns now used in the operation of a working farm.	Warwick Furnace Farms	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tashto (Persian: تشتو‎‎, also Romanized as Tashtū) is a village in Kukherd Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tashto	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Star Academy Charter School of Newark is a charter school located in Newark, New Jersey, in Essex County, New Jersey, United States, that educates students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade.	North Star Academy Charter School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzek (tʂɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trzek	Gmina Kostrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehzir-e Dudera (Persian: ده زيردودرائ‎, also Romanized as Dehzīr-e Dūderā'') is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Dehzir-e Dudera	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	After Amager Gate was dismantled in 1857 and the fortifications were decommissioned, the northernmost part of Amager say increasing development and in 1902 the area was incorporated into Copenhagen Municipality and the name was changed to Amagerbrogade.	Amagerbrogade	Copenhagen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linkinhorne (in Cornish Lanngynhorn) is a civil parish and village in southeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Linkinhorne	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gravelly Range, highest peak Black Butte, el. 10,542 feet (3,213 m), is a mountain range southwest of Cameron, Montana in Madison County, Montana.	Gravelly Range	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woolloongabba busway station is proposed to connect to an underground railway station in the Queensland Government's Cross River Rail project.	Woolloongabba busway station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulladurthy is a village located in Koilkuntla mandal of Kurnool district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Gulladurthy	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melnariyappanur is a village panchayat located near Chinnasalem, in Kallakurichi Taluk of Villupuram District, Tamil Nadu.	Melnariyappanur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHTS (105.3 FM), licensed to Coopersville, Michigan, is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station in the Grand Rapids, Michigan market.	WHTS	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Langeleegte (Dutch pronunciation: (də ˈlɑ.ŋə.ˌleɪ̯χ.tə)) is a multi-use stadium in Veendam, Netherlands.	De Langeleegte	Veendam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garichtisee is a reservoir on Mettmenalp above Schwanden in the Canton of Glarus, Switzerland.	Garichtisee	Canton of Glarus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowen Court is a bungalow court located at 539 E. Villa St. in Pasadena, Los Angeles County, California.	Bowen Court	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surmaq (Persian: سورمق‎, also Romanized as Sūrmaq; also known as Soormagh and Sūrmak) is a city in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Surmaq	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foggy Bottom is one of the oldest late 18th and 19th-century neighborhoods in Washington, D.C. Foggy Bottom is west of downtown Washington, in the Northwest quadrant, bounded roughly by 17th Street to the east, Rock Creek Parkway to the west, Constitution Avenue to the south, and Pennsylvania Avenue to the north.	Foggy Bottom	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHAR is a commercial sports radio station in Anchorage, Alaska, broadcasting on 590 AM.	KHAR	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beznazwa (bɛzˈnazva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Beznazwa	Gmina Władysławów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnmoor Tarn, on Eskdale Fell in Cumbria, England, is one of the largest entirely natural tarns in the Lake District.	Burnmoor Tarn	Lake District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milton Courts was a tennis venue located in Milton, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Milton Courts	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timsgarry (Scottish Gaelic: Tuimisgearraidh) is a village on the Isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Timsgarry	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company Warehouse was a warehouse once owned by The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company in Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company Warehouse	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Nazmakan (Persian: اسلام ابادنازمكان‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Nāzmakān; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Nazmakan	Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quarry Visitor Center, in Dinosaur National Monument in Utah was built as part of the National Park Service's Mission 66 program of modern architectural design in the US national parks.	Quarry Visitor Center	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Chaf (Persian: تازه ابادچاف‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Chāf; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Chaf Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Chaf	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeview College of Nursing is a private non-profit nursing college located in Danville, Illinois, USA.	Lakeview College of Nursing	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendas Fields is a private, suburban housing estate in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Pendas Fields	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koch Drug Store is a historic building located in the central part of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Koch Drug Store	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russell Millpond, also known as Russell Mill Pond, is a 42-acre (170,000 m2) pond in the Chiltonville village of Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States.	Russell Millpond	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suladale or Suledale (Scottish Gaelic: Sùladal) is a small mixed crofting hamlet of less than a dozen houses, located near Edinbane, on the north of the island of Skye, in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Suladale	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gravina Island is an island in the Gravina Islands of the Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska.	Gravina Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aurora Regional Fire Museum is a non-profit, tax exempt, educational institution located in Aurora, Illinois, USA.	Aurora Regional Fire Museum	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieuw-Beerta (Dutch pronunciation: (niu ˈbɪːrtaː)) is a village with a population of 120 in the municipality of Oldambt in the east of the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands.	Nieuw-Beerta	Oldambt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Coats Memorial Baptist Church, colloquially known as the Baptist Cathedral of Europe, stands at the east end of the High Street in Paisley, Scotland.	Thomas Coats Memorial Baptist Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copper Mine Gulch is a valley in Marin County, California, United States, which is associated with a small stream.	Copper Mine Gulch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keezhapavur (Keelapavoor- கீழப்பாவூர்) is a panchayat town in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Keezhapavur	Tirunelveli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honifaqan (Persian: حنيفقان‎, also Romanized as Ḩonīfaqān and Ḩanīfqān; also known as Ḩownīfaqān and Khonīfaqān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Honifaqan	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marquette County Airport (IATA: MQT, ICAO: KMQT, FAA LID: MQT) is a former airport in Negaunee, Michigan.	Marquette County Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Advanced Training, also known as Advanced Training Associates, is a private college that is located in El Cajon, California.	Advanced Training	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Roberts Tramway is an aerial tramway located just south of downtown Juneau in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Mount Roberts Tramway	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belk Gymnasium, known informally as The Mine Shaft, is a gymnasium on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Belk Gymnasium	Charlotte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Taleb (Persian: شيخ طالب‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Ţāleb; also known as Ţāleb) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Taleb	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ``Orpheion'', also known as the Orpheion Theater, is a traditional outdoor Greek hillside theater on the Irving, Texas, campus of the University of Dallas.	Orpheion	Irving, Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deerock Lake is a lake in the Moira River in Tweed, Hastings County and Addington Highlands, Lennox and Addington County in Ontario, Canada.	Deerock Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hezar Khal (Persian: هزارخال‎, also Romanized as Hezār Khāl) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hezar Khal	Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puruchuco is an archaeological site in Peru that was an administrative center of the Inca period (1440--1532), located in the Ate District, in Lima.	Puruchuco	Lima
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehr Khowshan (Persian: مهرخوشان‎, also Romanized as Mehr Khowshān; also known as Mahr Rakhshān, Mahr Rakshān, Mehr Bakhshān, Mehr Jūshān, Mehr Rakhshān, and Mehr Rākīshān) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mehr Khowshan	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuileries Palace (French: Palais des Tuileries, IPA: (palɛ de tɥilʁi)) was a royal and imperial palace in Paris which stood on the right bank of the River Seine.	Tuileries Palace	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harzeh Varz (Persian: هرزه ورز‎, also Romanized as Harzehvarz) is a village in Khanamrud Rural District, in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Harzeh Varz	Khanamrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casas Adobes Plaza is an upscale shopping mall located at the southwest corner of North Oracle Road and East Ina Road in Casas Adobes, Arizona (USA), just northwest of Tucson.	Casas Adobes Plaza	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bönnigheim is a town in the German administrative district (Kreis) of Ludwigsburg which lies at the edge of the areas known as Stromberg and Zabergäu.	Bönnigheim	Ludwigsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żychckie Osady (ˈʐɨxt͡skʲɛ ɔˈsadɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żychckie Osady	Gmina Konarzyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vukašinovac (Serbian: Вукашиновац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Vukašinovac	Aleksinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zelenograd (Russian: Зеленоград; IPA: (zʲɪlʲɪnɐˈgrat), lit. green city) is a city which, along with the territories and settlements under its jurisdiction, forms one of the administrative okrugs of Moscow - Zelenogradsky Administrative Okrug (ZelAO).	Zelenograd	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tak-e Kharu (Persian: تك خارو‎, also Romanized as Tak-e Khārū) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tak-e Kharu	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museum London is an art and history museum located in London, Ontario, Canada, and for more than 70 years has preserved, interpreted and shared the story of London and Londoners.	Museum London	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	In contrast to other rivers of the Vosges, the Jamagne is unique in flowing from southwest to northeast.	Jamagne	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Shahbaz (Persian: سراب شهباز‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Shahbāz; also known as Sarāb-e Shahnāz) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Shahbaz	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herscheid is a municipality in the southern Märkischer Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Herscheid	Märkischer Kreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverarity is a village in Angus, Scotland, UK, on the A90, 6 miles from Forfar, and 7 miles from Dundee.	Inverarity	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh-e Khunu (Persian: كوه خونو‎, also Romanized as Kūh-e Khūnū; also known as Kūh-e Khūnūyeh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kuh-e Khunu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pławiska (pwaˈviska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pławiska	Gmina Sieraków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butler County Airport (IATA: BTP, ICAO: KBTP, FAA LID: BTP), also known as K. W. Scholter Field, is a public airport 5 miles (8 km) southwest of the central business district of Butler, the county seat of Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Butler County Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirlar-e Sofla (Persian: پيرلرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Pīrlar-e Soflá; also known as Pīrlar-e Pā'īn) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pirlar-e Sofla	Seyyedan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Terril Mountains are located in west-central Nevada in the United States.	Terril Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tresoweshill is a hamlet in the civil parish of Breage in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Tresoweshill	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarbidge Peak is the second highest mountain in the Jarbidge Mountains of northern Elko County, Nevada, United States.	Jarbidge Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarmuń (pronounced (ˈt͡ʂarmuɲ)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czarmuń	Gmina Więcbork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Grove Community Church is a historic non-denominational, Christian chapel located at Pine Grove in Lewis County, New York.	Pine Grove Community Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Racibórz County (Polish: powiat raciborski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Czech border.	Racibórz County	Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Captains Flat is a town in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia, in Palerang Shire.	Captains Flat	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piryaloi is a small town in Khairpur District, Sindh, Pakistan.The town is located on left bank of Indus River near Sukkur Barrage.	Piryaloi	Khairpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jules' Undersea Lodge is an American hotel located in Key Largo, Florida and is the only underwater hotel in the United States.	Jules' Undersea Lodge	Key Largo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles F. Berman Field is a multi-use stadium in Ithaca, New York on the campus of Cornell University.	Charles F. Berman Field	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larzian (Persian: لرزيان‎, also Romanized as Larzīān) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Larzian	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nehshahr (Persian: نهشهر‎, also known as Nashhar, Nehsār, Nehshar, and Neshahr) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Nehshahr	Rostaq Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Severn Stoke is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the south of the county of Worcestershire, England, lying beside the A38 road.	Severn Stoke	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mawes Castle (Cornish: Kastel Lannvowsedh) is an artillery fort constructed by Henry VIII near Falmouth, Cornwall, between 1540 and 1542.	St Mawes Castle	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chub Tarashan (Persian: چوبتراشان‎, also Romanized as Chūb Tarāshān) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chub Tarashan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salinas River National Wildlife Refuge is located approximately 11 miles north of Monterey, California and 3 miles south of Castroville, California at the point where the Salinas River empties into Monterey Bay.	Salinas River National Wildlife Refuge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kipichy (kiˈpixɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kipichy	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottendorfer Public Library and Stuyvesant Polyclinic Hospital are two adjoining historic buildings located at 135 and 137 2nd Avenue in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Ottendorfer Public Library and Stuyvesant Polyclinic Hospital	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schothorst is the second largest district by population in the Dutch city of Amersfoort.	Schothorst	Amersfoort
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feltham (/ˈfɛltəm/) is a suburban town in the London Borough of Hounslow, West London, 13.5 miles (21.7 km) west south west of central London and 2 miles (3.2 km) south of Heathrow Airport.	Feltham	London Borough of Hounslow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang Cheshmeh-ye Do (Persian: سنگ چشمه 2‎; also known as Sang Cheshmeh-ye Shomāreh Do) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sang Cheshmeh-ye Do	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowan Hall (Miami University) in Oxford, Ohio is a building owned and operated for miscellaneous purposes by Miami University, primarily Craftsummer.	Rowan Hall	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rams Head Live! is an indoor music venue, club, and bar located in Baltimore, Maryland.	Rams Head Live!	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smithsburg High School was constructed in 1965 on 66 North Main Street in the town of Smithsburg, Maryland, United States.	Smithsburg High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moeszinger-Marquis Hardware Co. is an historic building located in Clinton, Iowa, United States.	Moeszinger-Marquis Hardware Co.	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulzburg Süd station is a hub on the AKN Eisenbahn network in the municipality of Henstedt-Ulzburg in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Ulzburg Süd station	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truesdale Hospital is a historic former hospital building located at 1820 Highland Avenue in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Truesdale Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muskrat Dam Lake First Nation is an Oji-Cree First Nation band government in Northern Ontario.	Muskrat Dam Lake First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillsboro Symphony Orchestra (HSO) is an amateur orchestra based in Hillsboro in the Portland metropolitan area of the U.S. state of Oregon.	Hillsboro Symphony Orchestra	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrinha is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil founded on December 30, 1953.	Barrinha	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raiganj Pron:ˈraɪˌgʌnʤ) (Bengali: রায়গঞ্জ) is a city and a municipality in Uttar Dinajpur district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Raiganj	Uttar Dinajpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Open University is a public institution of higher learning in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Open University	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skorzęcin-Nadleśnictwo (skɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin nadlɛɕˈnit͡stfɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skorzęcin-Nadleśnictwo	Gmina Witkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Algo Centre Mall (legally Eastwood Mall since 2005 but almost never referred to as such) was a mall and hotel located in the middle of Elliot Lake, Ontario's commercial district on Highway 108.	Algo Centre Mall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagahoribashi Station(長堀橋駅, -eki) is a railway station on the Osaka Municipal Subway in Chūō-ku, Osaka, Japan.	Nagahoribashi Station	Chūō-ku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solomon Wesley United Methodist Church is a historic church at 291-B Davistown Road / Asyla Road in the Blackwood section of Gloucester Township, Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Solomon Wesley United Methodist Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavandar (Persian: توندر‎, also Romanized as Avandar, Awandar, and Toondar) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh District, Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tavandar	Takab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheikhsar (Hindi: शेख़सर) also known as Sukhchainpura, is a village in Lunkaransar tehsil of Bikaner district in Rajasthan, India.	Sheikhsar	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZGO (95.3 FM) is a Rhythmic Top 40 radio station licensed to St. Paul, Minnesota, serving the Twin Cities area.	KZGO	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Casino at Charles Town Races is a race track and casino just outside the eastern city limits of Charles Town, West Virginia, owned by Gaming and Leisure Properties and operated by Penn National Gaming.	Hollywood Casino at Charles Town Races	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basse-Terre 1st Canton is a former canton in the Arrondissement of Basse-Terre on the island of Guadeloupe.	Basse-Terre 1st Canton	Arrondissement of Basse-Terre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jing'an District, is one of the central districts of Shanghai.	Jing'an District	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bieździadka (bjɛʑˈd͡ʑatka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczyce, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bieździadka	Gmina Kołaczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bærum ( listen ) is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway.	Bærum	Akershus
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernhard Warkentin Homestead, also known as Little River Stock Farm or Warkentin Farm, is a historic farm complex on East North Street in Halstead, Kansas.	Bernhard Warkentin Homestead	Halstead
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owksar (Persian: اوكسر‎) is a village in Saheli Rural District, in the Central District of Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Owksar	Saheli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connaught Village is a commercial and residential area just west of Marble Arch and just north of Hyde Park within the City of Westminster, London.	Connaught Village	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chislehurst and Sidcup Grammar School is a mixed-sex grammar school with academy status located in Hurst Road (A222), Sidcup in the London Borough of Bexley, England.	Chislehurst and Sidcup Grammar School	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Quarter Fell is an upland area in the east of the English Lake District, near Kentmere village, Cumbria.	Green Quarter Fell	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acorn Hall is an 1853 Victorian Italianate mansion located in Morristown, Morris County, New Jersey, United States, that is on the National Register of Historic Places.	Acorn Hall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camposanto is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Bologna and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Modena on the Panaro river.	Camposanto	Province of Modena
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curecanti Needle is a 700-ft granite spire located on the Gunnison River in western Colorado.	Curecanti Needle	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florinas (Sardinian: Fiolìnas) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) north of Cagliari and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Sassari.	Florinas	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampden Row is a historic hamlet in the Chiltern Hills of Buckinghamshire, England.	Hampden Row	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeh Bal (Persian: برده بل‎; also known as Bardbal) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Bardeh Bal	Shabab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hôtel de Charost is a hôtel particulier located at 39 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré in Paris.	Hôtel de Charost	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Meh (Persian: چهارمه‎, also Romanized as Chahār Meh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chahar Meh	Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ben Macdui lies on the southern edge of the Cairn Gorm plateau, on the boundary between Aberdeenshire and Moray.	Ben Macdui	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lee, Higginson & Company Bank Building is a historic bank building located in Lower Manhattan in New York City.	Lee, Higginson & Company Bank Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Ladies Aston is a village in Worcestershire, England, United Kingdom, and also lends its name to the Civil Parish in which the village is located.	White Ladies Aston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aundorach (Scottish Gaelic:) is a settlement one mile south of Loch Garten in Badenoch and Strathspey, Highland, Scotland.	Aundorach	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saco River is a river in northeastern New Hampshire and southwestern Maine in the United States.	Saco River	New Hampshire	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Financial Center is a modern skyscraper adjacent to Dewey Square in the Financial District of Boston, Massachusetts.	One Financial Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansfield Airport, (TC LID: CPV4), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) south southeast of Mansfield, Ontario, Canada.	Mansfield Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sillavengo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Novara.	Sillavengo	Province of Novara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milpitas Grammar School, now part of the Milpitas Library, is an educational building in Milpitas, California.	Milpitas Grammar School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breteil (Breton: Brezhiel) is a commune in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in Brittany.	Breteil	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Wallace was a facility of the United States Army located near the unincorporated town of Grove in southeastern James City County in the Virginia Peninsula portion of the Hampton Roads region of Virginia in the United States.	Camp Wallace	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maqsud Beyk (Persian: مقصودبيك‎, also Romanized as Maqşūd Beyk; also known as Magşūd Beyk and Maqsūd Begi) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Maqsud Beyk	Manzariyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkcamp State Park is a state park located in Belmont County, Ohio, United States, near the village of Belmont.	Barkcamp State Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjian (Persian: حاجيان‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīān and Hājīān) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hajjian	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huayin is a county-level city in Weinan, Shaanxi, China.	Huayin	Weinan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Josephine City School is a historic school building for African-American children located at Berryville, Clarke County, Virginia.	Josephine City School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendileh (Persian: هنديله‎, also Romanized as Hendīleh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hendileh	Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chempu (SH-15, Kochi-Kumarakom road) is a village near Vaikom in Kottayam, Kerala, India.	Chempu	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jenners Department Store, now known simply as Jenners, is a department store located in Edinburgh, Scotland, and was the oldest independent department store in Scotland until its acquisition by House of Fraser in 2005.	Jenners	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryali is a village located in Atreyapuram mandal of East Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Ryali	East Godavari district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Ramazan (Persian: بان رمضان‎, also Romanized as Bān Ramaẕān) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ban Ramazan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konankuppam is a small village situated in the Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu in India.	Konankuppam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cass Building is a low-rise office building at 455 West Fort Street, at the southeast corner of First Street, in Detroit, Michigan.	Cass Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Children's Aquarium at Fair Park is an aquarium located in Fair Park, Dallas, Texas, USA.	Children's Aquarium at Fair Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lilong (Thoubal) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Thoubal district in the Indian state of Manipur.	Lilong (Thoubal)	Thoubal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tizuk (Persian: تيزوك‎, also Romanized as Tīzūk and Tizūk; also known as Tīzak) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District, in the Central District of Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Tizuk	Tirjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Masonic Temple of Newport Lodge No. 445 F. & A.M. is a historic building located in Newport in Herkimer County, New York.	Masonic Temple of Newport Lodge No. 445 F. & A.M.	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guía de Isora is a municipality in the western part of the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands, and part of the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife.	Guía de Isora	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sygneczów (sɨɡˈnɛt͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Sygneczów	Gmina Wieliczka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Ibsen is a small lake near Leeds in Benson County, North Dakota.	Lake Ibsen	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Misery Brook is a tributary of Greenwood Branch in the southern New Jersey Pine Barrens in the United States.	Mount Misery Brook	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Original Joe's is a pair of restaurants in Downtown San Jose, California and the North Beach neighborhood of San Francisco.	Original Joe's	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washburn University (WU) is a co-educational, public institution of higher learning in Topeka, Kansas, United States.	Washburn University	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ehmen is a village in Lower Saxony located outside of Wolfsburg, Germany with a population of approximately 4,285.	Ehmen	Wolfsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easton State Airport (IATA: ESW, ICAO: KESW, FAA LID: ESW) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) north of the central business district of Easton, in Kittitas County, Washington, United States.	Easton State Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yewta (येवता) is a small village within Kaij taluka (tehsil), Beed district, India.	Yewta	Beed district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuzki (ˈkuski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kuzki	Gmina Włoszczowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mali Šenj (Serbian: Мали Шењ) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom, Serbia.	Mali Šenj	Aerodrom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dysart Woods is the largest remaining tract of old growth forest in southeastern Ohio.	Dysart Woods	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ozbekuy-e Qadim (Persian: ازبكوي قديم‎, also Romanized as Ozbekūy-e Qadīm; also known as Ozbekūh) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ozbekuy-e Qadim	Dastgerdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Comberton is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire, England, just east of the Prime Meridian.	Comberton	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schnarcherklippen is the name of a rock formation (up to 671 m above sea level) south of the village of Schierke in the High Harz mountains of Saxony-Anhalt in central Germany.	Schnarcherklippen	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meleh-ye Posht-e Sar Takht (Persian: مله پشت سرتخت‎‎, also known as Posht Melleh-ye Sar Takht) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Meleh-ye Posht-e Sar Takht	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qolqol Rud District (Persian: بخش قلقل‌رود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qolqol Rud District	Tuyserkan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolkheyri (Persian: بل خيري‎, also Romanized as Bolkheyrī) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bolkheyri	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petawawa is the most populous municipality in Renfrew County.	Petawawa	Renfrew County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Babakan (Persian: گل باباكان‎, also Romanized as Gol Bābākān and Gol Bābakān; also known as Golpāyegān) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gol Babakan	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeh Kish (Persian: برده كيش‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Kīsh; also known as Bardeh Kesh and Bardkīsh) is a village in Dul Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bardeh Kish	Dul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedzna Drewniana (ˈmjɛd͡zna drɛvˈɲana) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Miedzna Drewniana	Gmina Białaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brookline Town Green Historic District encompasses the historic colonial heart of the town of Brookline, Massachusetts.	Brookline Town Green Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Baklu (Persian: چشمه بكلو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Baklū; also known as Cheshmeh Baglū and Cheshmeh Bayglū) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Baklu	Sornabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museo Nazionale d'Abruzzo is hosted in the Forte Spagnolo of L'Aquila.	Museo Nazionale d'Abruzzo	L'Aquila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tylers Green is a village in the civil parish of Chepping Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, England.	Tylers Green	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mudval also spelled as Mudwal (Kannada: ಮುದ್ವಾಳ ) is a village near Maski in the Lingasugur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Mudval	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reawla is a hamlet in Penwith district (Cornish: Pennwydh) in Cornwall.	Reawla	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadłuki (saˈdwuki) (German: Sadluken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sadłuki	Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northern Cambria School District is a small, rural, public school district located in northwestern Cambria County in Pennsylvania.	Northern Cambria School District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stade Chaban-Delmas is a sporting stadium located in the city of Bordeaux, France.	Stade Chaban-Delmas	Bordeaux
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hang Seng Management College (Chinese: 恒生管理學院) is an Approved Post Secondary College in Hong Kong located in Siu Lek Yuen, Sha Tin, New Territories.	Hang Seng Management College	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mouding County (牟定县; pinyin: Móudìng Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Mouding County	Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Gorgonio Wilderness is located in the San Bernardino Mountains, 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Morongo Valley and approximately 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Palm Springs, California.	San Gorgonio Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta-Strzelce (ˈxuta ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Huta-Strzelce	Gmina Łasin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Childs Valley is a valley in the Sonoran Desert of south-central Arizona northwest of Ajo.	Childs Valley	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Napasar is a town located in the Bikaner district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Napasar	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasser Park is a town park located in the hamlet of Salisbury Mills in the town of Blooming Grove in Orange County, New York, USA.	Lasser Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skoraczewko (skɔraˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Skoraczewko	Gmina Sośno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groote Eylandt Airport (IATA: GTE, ICAO: YGTE) is an airport serving Groote Eylandt, an island in the Gulf of Carpentaria in Northern Territory, Australia.	Groote Eylandt Airport	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Butte is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Pincher Creek No. 9.	Twin Butte	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillbrook School is an independent, accredited, co-educational JK-8 day school in Los Gatos, California, founded in 1935.	Hillbrook School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namirowo (namiˈrɔvɔ) (German: Klein Baumgarth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Namirowo	Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Kukul (Persian: حسن ابادكوكول‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kūkūl) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Kukul	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simri Bakhtiarpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 25 Khagaria (Lok Sabha constituency) .	Simri Bakhtiarpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Khagaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hat Creek Radio Observatory is located approximately 467 km (290 mi) northeast of San Francisco, California at an elevation of 986 m (3235 ft) above Sea Level in Hat Creek, California (in Shasta County).	Hat Creek Radio Observatory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sysłów (ˈsɨswuf), German Syßlau is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau), within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Sysłów	Gmina Głogówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadat-e Bakhat Najat (Persian: سادات بخات نجات‎, also Romanized as Sādāt-e Bakhāt Najāt) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sadat-e Bakhat Najat	Ahudasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhabra is a city and a municipality in Baran district in the state of Rajasthan, India, near to the border with Madhya Pradesh.	Chhabra	Baran district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest (HTNF) is the principal U.S. National Forest in the U.S. state of Nevada, and has a smaller portion in Eastern California.	Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy-Jakubowice (ˈbudɨ jakubɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Budy-Jakubowice	Gmina Fałków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinook Pass (elevation 5430 ft./1656 m.) is a pass through the Cascade Range in the state of Washington.	Chinook Pass	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butte Municipal Airport (FAA LID: AK1) is a public-use airport located in Butte, Alaska.	Butte Municipal Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newport Center is a business, shopping, and entertainment district located on a high bluff overlooking Newport Harbor in Newport Beach, California.	Newport Center	Newport Beach
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Port Augusta is a local government area located at the northern end of Spencer Gulf in South Australia.	City of Port Augusta	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rogue Regional Medical Center (RRMC; formerly Rogue Valley Memorial Hospital, Rogue Valley Medical Center, RVMC) is a regional medical center run by Asante in Medford, Oregon, United States.	Rogue Regional Medical Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalia Gol (Persian: خالياگل‎, also Romanized as Khālīā Gol and Khālīāgol; also known as Khālīkul) is a village in Divshal Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khalia Gol	Divshal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halukhani (Persian: هالوخاني‎, also Romanized as Hālūkhānī) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Halukhani	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgwarebury Brook is a small stream in Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet.	Edgwarebury Brook	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	CityPoint (previously known as Britannic House and Britannic Tower) is a skyscraper located on Ropemaker Street on the northern fringe of the City of London, the main financial district and historic nucleus of London.	CityPoint	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Totma (Russian: То́тьма) is a town and the administrative center of Totemsky District in Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Sukhona River at its confluence with the Pesya Denga, 217 kilometers (135 mi) northwest of Vologda, the administrative center of the oblast.	Totma	Vologda Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWQQ-FM (101.3 FM) is a Country music formatted radio station located in Wilmington, North Carolina.	WWQQ-FM	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyble (ˈtɨblɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tyble	Gmina Sokolniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxbow Lake, located in Saint Paul, Virginia, offers the Saint Paul community a recreational area with walking and biking paths, a fishing area, and a picnic area.	Oxbow Lake	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawady-Borysówka (zaˈvadɨ bɔrɨˈsufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zawady-Borysówka	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polków-Sagały (ˈpɔlkuf saˈɡawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Polków-Sagały	Gmina Grębków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hebrew National Orphan Home (HNOH) was an orphanage in Manhattan in New York City.	Hebrew National Orphan Home	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort des Têtes, also known as the Fort des Trois-Têtes, is a fortification in the vicinity of Briançon in the Dauphiné region of southeastern France.	Fort des Têtes	Briançon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śmiarowo (ɕmjaˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Śmiarowo	Gmina Mały Płock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asgariyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان عسگريه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Asgariyeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mammoth Valley is a depression in Southern Utah between Hatch and Duck Creek.	Mammoth Valley	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saddle Rock-Malibu AVA is an American Viticultural Area in the Santa Monica Mountains, within western Los Angeles County, California.	Saddle Rock-Malibu AVA	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villaperuccio, Sa Baronia in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Carbonia-Iglesias in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) southeast of Carbonia, in the lower Sulcis.	Villaperuccio	Province of Carbonia-Iglesias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fuessenich Park is a baseball field located in downtown Torrington, Connecticut, USA, with a capacity of 1,500 fans.	Fuessenich Park	Torrington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitehills is a small fishing village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland that lies three miles west of Banff on the Moray Firth.	Whitehills	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piersele (pʲɛrˈsɛlɛ) (German: Perscheln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Piersele	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alqian (Persian: القيان‎, also Romanized as Alqīān) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alqian	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schesaplana is the highest mountain in the Rätikon mountain range at the border between Vorarlberg, Austria and Graubuenden, Switzerland.	Schesaplana	Vorarlberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wałachowo (vawaˈxɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wałachowo	Gmina Skarszewy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boltaq (Persian: بلطاق‎, also Romanized as Bolţāq and Balţāq; also known as Baltagh) is a village in Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Boltaq	Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castleisland (Irish: Oileán Ciarraí) is a town and commercial centre in County Kerry in south west Ireland.	Castleisland	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pipton is a small settlement and former civil parish (or community) in Powys, Wales on the Afon Llynfi near its confluence with the River Wye.	Pipton	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchów (ˈparxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Parchów	Gmina Chocianów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gilbertsville Academy and Collegiate Institute was a school located in Gilbertsville, New York.	Gilbertsville Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duńkowiczki (duɲkɔˈvit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orły, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Duńkowiczki	Gmina Orły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knínice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkɲiːɲɪtsɛ), German: Knönitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Knínice	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Di Khur (Persian: دي خور‎‎, also Romanized as Dī Khūr) is a village in Kukherd Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Di Khur	Kukherd Rural District	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schleissheim Palace (German: Schloss Schleißheim) actually comprises three palaces in a grand baroque park in the village of Oberschleißheim, a suburb of Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Schleissheim Palace	Oberschleißheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonipat district (Hindi: सोनीपत ज़िला, Punjabi: ਸੋਨੀਪਤ ਜ਼ਿਲਾ) is one of the 21 districts of Haryana state in northern India.	Sonipat district	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Corner Packing Shed, in Frogmore, South Carolina, is a historic packing house on St. Helena Island that was built in 1930.	The Corner Packing Shed	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kooskia National Fish Hatchery is a ``mitigation'' hatchery located on the Clearwater River within the Nez Perce Indian Reservation near Kooskia, in north-central Idaho.	Kooskia National Fish Hatchery	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolfach is a village in Powys, Wales located on the main A470 road between Llanbrynmair & Talerddig.	Dolfach	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Valley Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Utah spanning Washington County north of the city of St. George.	Pine Valley Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okhli-ye Bala (Persian: اوخلي بالا‎, also Romanized as Okhlī-ye Bālā) is a village in Daland Rural District, in the Central District of Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Okhli-ye Bala	Daland Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahauran is a village in Mohali district, Punjab, India, located on NH 21.	Sahauran	Mohali district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murray's Sturgeon Shop is a gourmet store and neighborhood fixture in Manhattan's Upper West Side.	Murray's Sturgeon Shop	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Busto Garolfo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Milan.	Busto Garolfo	Province of Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawesville Channel (also known as Dawesville Cut) is a man-made channel between the Peel-Harvey Estuary and the Indian Ocean at Dawesville about 80 km south of Perth in Western Australia.	Dawesville Channel	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ricketwil is a quarter and an hamlet with 91 inhabitants (2007) in the district 2 of Winterthur.	Ricketwil	Winterthur
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goetz Collection (Sammlung Goetz) is a private collection of contemporary art in Munich, Germany.	Goetz Collection	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowlow (Persian: لولو‎, also Romanized as Low’low'' and Lo’lo'') is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lowlow	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębniałki (dɛmbˈɲau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębniałki	Gmina Blizanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telążna Leśna (tɛˈlɔ̃ʐna ˈlɛɕna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Telążna Leśna	Gmina Włocławek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Zu ol Faqar Sarperi (Persian: ده ذوالفقارسرپري‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Z̄ū ol Faqār Sarperī) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh-e Zu ol Faqar Sarperi	Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Round Rock High School is a 6A high school within the Round Rock Independent School District in Round Rock, Texas.	Round Rock High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred Historic District is an historic district encompassing the historic village center of Alfred, Maine.	Alfred Historic District	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysokie Duże (vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wysokie Duże	Gmina Stawiski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laneh Shahi (Persian: لانه شاهي‎, also Romanized as Lūneh Shāhī) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Laneh Shahi	Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vrbaška (Serbian: Врбашка) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrbaška	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vílanec (Czech pronunciation: (ˈviːlanɛts)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Vílanec	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orlina Mała (ɔrˈlina ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gizałki, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Orlina Mała	Gmina Gizałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty Monument is a historic monument located at Ticonderoga in Essex County, New York.	Liberty Monument	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deylam-e Jadid (Persian: ديلم جديد‎, also Romanized as Deylam-e Jadīd) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deylam-e Jadid	Miyan Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crooked Intention is a historic home in St. Michaels, Talbot County, Maryland, United States.	Crooked Intention	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Japanese Garden is a traditional Japanese garden occupying 5.5 acres (22,000 m²), located within Washington Park in the West Hills of Portland, Oregon, USA.	Portland Japanese Garden	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lareh Sabzi (Persian: لره سبزي‎, also Romanized as Lareh Sabzī; also known as Lareh Sabzī-ye Gel Sorkheh and Darreh Sabzī) is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Lareh Sabzi	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Texarkana Regional Airport (IATA: TXK, ICAO: KTXK, FAA LID: TXK), also known as Webb Field, is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Texarkana, a city in Miller County, Arkansas, United States.	Texarkana Regional Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truszczanek (truʂˈt͡ʂanɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Truszczanek	Gmina Rozprza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pagachi-ye Markazi (Persian: پاگچي مركزي‎, also Romanized as Pāgachī-ye Markazī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pagachi-ye Markazi	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chongor-e Saminvand (Persian: چنگرسمينوند‎, also Romanized as Chongor-e Samīnvand) is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chongor-e Saminvand	Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abiquiu Dam is a dam on the Rio Chama, located about 60 miles (97 km) northwest of Santa Fe in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico.	Abiquiu Dam	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckland Filleigh is a village, civil parish and former manor in the Torridge district of North Devon, England, situated about 8 miles south of the town of Great Torrington.	Buckland Filleigh	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syracuse University College of Law (SUCOL), founded in 1895, is a Juris Doctor degree-granting law school of Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York.	Syracuse University College of Law	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poddębowiec (pɔddɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Poddębowiec	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musselburgh (Gaelic: Baile nam Feusgan) is the largest settlement in East Lothian, Scotland, on the coast of the Firth of Forth, 6 miles (10 km) east of Edinburgh city centre.	Musselburgh	East Lothian	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qushjeh (Persian: قوشجه‎, also Romanized as Qūshjeh; also known as Ghooshjeh, Khushāja, Qowshājā, Qowshajeh, and Qūshāchā) is a village in Mehraban-e Olya Rural District, Shirin Su District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qushjeh	Mehraban-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Mallard Park is a park in Decatur, Alabama, United States that sits on 500 acres (2.0 km2) of the Flint Creek shoreline.	Point Mallard Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Safi Station (Persian: ايستگاه شيخ صفي‎ -- Īstgāh-e Sheykh Şafī and Īstgāh-e Sheykh Şafī) is a village and railway station in Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Safi Station	Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Mountain Open Space Park is a city park located in San Diego, California.	Black Mountain Open Space Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morning Star Boys' Ranch is a residential facility for youth in Spokane, Washington established in 1956.	Morning Star Boys' Ranch	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glendower, now known as Glendower State Memorial or Glendower Mansion, is an historic Greek Revival style house located at 105 Cincinnati Avenue, U.S. Route 42, Cincinnati Avenue, in Lebanon, Ohio.	Glendower State Memorial	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kownacica (kɔvnaˈt͡ɕit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kownacica	Gmina Sobolew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collaroy Plateau is a suburb of northern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Collaroy Plateau	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lesmahagow Old Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland within the Presbytery of Lanark.	Lesmahagow Old Parish Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Striped Peak is a mountain located approximately 12 miles (19 km) west of Port Angeles, Washington.	Striped Peak	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxon Hill Manor is a neo-Georgian house of 49 rooms, located at Oxon Hill, Prince George's County, Maryland.	Oxon Hill Manor	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jundla is a town in the Karnal district of the Indian state of Haryana about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) from Karnal city.	Jundla	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The T. Goings Building is a late 19th-century commercial building within the boundaries of the Oregon Commercial Historic District in Oregon, Illinois, U.S.A. The building is listed as a contributing structure to the overall integrity of the historic district, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.	T. Goings Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Tarawa was a training camp located on the big island of Hawaii constructed and used by the 2nd Marine Division during World War II. The grounds of the camp were situated between the volcanic peaks of Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa.	Camp Tarawa	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasek-Kolonia (ˈlasɛk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Lasek-Kolonia	Gmina Gidle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piazza Venezia is the central hub of Rome, Italy, in which several thoroughfares intersect, including the Via dei Fori Imperiali and the Via del Corso.	Piazza Venezia	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hucisko Jawornickie (xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ javɔrˈɲit͡skʲɛ) (Ukrainian: Гутисько Явірницьке, Hutys’ko Yavirnyts’ke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jawornik Polski, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Hucisko Jawornickie	Gmina Jawornik Polski
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Jagers Pass is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa, off-road, near Beaufort West.	De Jagers Pass	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Machine Gun Fire or Camp Williams Fire was a wildfire in Herriman, Utah in 2010 that burned several dwellings.	Machine Gun Fire	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Clara Avenue Oil Field is an oil field in Ventura County, California, about six miles southeast of the city of Ventura and four miles northeast of Oxnard.	Santa Clara Avenue Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bloomsburg Fair has been held in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, since 1855 and continues to this day.	Bloomsburg Fair	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kraczynki (kraˈt͡ʂɨnki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęczniew, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kraczynki	Gmina Pęczniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Probasco House is a registered historic, single-dwelling house in the Clifton neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Henry Probasco House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pett Bottom is a small settlement about five miles (8 km) south of Canterbury, Kent, England.	Pett Bottom	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valikan (Persian: وليكن‎, also Romanized as Valīkan) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valikan	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab Rud (Persian: سراب رود‎, also Romanized as Sarāb Rūd) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sarab Rud	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burj Jeway Khan or Burj Jiwe Khan is a town and union council of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.Town Named On The Forefather of Mian Family ``Mian Jeway Khan''	Burj Jeway Khan	Okara District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Öcsöd is a village in Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County, in the Northern Great Plain Region of south-east Hungary.	Öcsöd	Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Center for the Arts (BCA) is a 501(c) nonprofit visual and performing arts complex in the South End neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Boston Center for the Arts	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulwich Wood together with the adjacent Sydenham Hill Wood is the largest extant part of the ancient Great North Wood in the London Borough of Southwark.	Dulwich Wood	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badrallach (Scottish Gaelic: Am Bad Ràilleach or Am Bad Tràilleach) is a village on the north shore of Little Loch Broom in Wester Ross, in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Badrallach	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mortimer West End is a village and civil parish in north Hampshire in England.	Mortimer West End	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pizzo Centrale is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Ticino.	Pizzo Centrale	Uri	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Morelos is a football stadium located along Periférico Independencia, in the Independencia sector, near the base of Cerro del Quinceo in northwest Morelia, Michoacán, México.	Estadio Morelos	Morelia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Webster Law Office and Library, also known as Daniel Webster Law Office, is a National Historic Landmark on the grounds of the Isaac Winslow House at 64 Careswell Street in Marshfield, Massachusetts.	Daniel Webster Law Office	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dub Farris Athletic Complex is a sporting complex owned by the Northside ISD located in San Antonio, Texas.	Dub Farris Athletic Complex	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziemsko (ˈʑemskɔ) (German: Zamzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ziemsko	Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences (KCU) is a private, non-profit, graduate school for the health professions, with a main campus located on 23 acres in Kansas City, in the U.S. state of Missouri.	Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherwood Forest Plantation, also known as John Tyler House, is located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County, Virginia.	Sherwood Forest Plantation	Charles City County	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anna L. Nickel telescope is a 1-meter reflecting telescope located at Lick Observatory in the U.S. state of California.	Anna L. Nickel telescope	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strawn Historic Citrus Packing House District (also known as the Bob White Historic Citrus Packing House District) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on September 13, 1993) located at 5707 Lake Winona Road in DeLeon Springs, Florida in Volusia County.	Strawn Historic Citrus Packing House District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asaran (Persian: اساران‎, also Romanized as Āsārān; also known as Anāsarān) is a village in Chashm Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Asaran	Chashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalbali Arab (Persian: كلبعلي عرب‎, also Romanized as Kalb``alī ``Arab and Kalbalī ``Arab) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 105, in 18 families.	Kalbali Arab	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is also a Venezuelan municipality, the Municipality of Macanao Peninsula (Municipio Península de Macanao), in the state of Nueva Esparta.	Macanao Peninsula	Nueva Esparta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dale Hollow Reservoir is a reservoir situated on the Kentucky/Tennessee border.	Dale Hollow Reservoir	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowli Khanvan (Persian: دولي خانوان‎, also Romanized as Dowlī Khānvān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dowli Khanvan	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashintully Castle, located near Kirkmichael, north of Blairgowrie, in the county of Perthshire Scotland, was built in 1583 as a fortified tower house by the Spalding family; the Feudal Barons of Ashintully.	Ashintully Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abraham Manee House, also known as the Manee-Seguine Homestead, is a three-part Colonial Dutch dwelling similar to the Billiou-Stillwell-Perine House in Old Town, and was designated a New York City landmark in 1984.	Abraham Manee House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	VTB Arena is a planned multi-purpose stadium in Moscow, Russia.	VTB Arena	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Somerset County Vocational and Technical School District is a comprehensive vocational public school district serving the vocational and training needs of high school students in ninth through twelfth grades along with adults from Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.	Somerset County Vocational and Technical School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beeckerwerth is a part of the German city of Duisburg and located right of the Rhine.	Beeckerwerth	Duisburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samandegan (Persian: سمندگان‎, also Romanized as Samandegān and Samandagān) is a village in Kabutarsorkh Rural District, in the Central District of Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Samandegan	Kabutarsorkh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckhorn Island State Park is an 895-acre (3.62 km2) state park located in Erie County, New York in the Town of Grand Island.	Buckhorn Island State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verrasundet is a fjord branch in the northern part of Trondheimsfjorden in the municipalities of Verran and Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.	Verrasundet	Verran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Webster Schroeder High School is a public high school located in Webster, Monroe County, New York, U.S.A., a suburb of Rochester, and is one of two high schools operated by the Webster Central School District.	Webster Schroeder High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zohan Rural District (Persian: دهستان زهان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zohan Rural District	Zohan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schoharie County Courthouse Complex is a historic courthouse and county clerk's building located at Schoharie in Schoharie County, New York.	Schoharie County Courthouse Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles H. Bigelow House is a historic building in Findlay, Ohio, United States, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 29, 2006.	Charles H. Bigelow House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leonardo Da Vinci University is a Peruvian private university founded on April 1, 2010 in the city of Trujillo, La Libertad Region.	Leonardo Da Vinci University	Trujillo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surantih is a ``Nagari'' (a cluster of villages) in the Kabupaten District of Pesisir Selatan of West Sumatra province in Sumatra island, Indonesia.	Surantih	West Sumatra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minnesota Artists Exhibition Program (MAEP) is a curatorial program at the Minneapolis Institute of Arts that exhibits the work of artists living and working in the state of Minnesota.	Minnesota Artists Exhibition Program	Minneapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ray Norbut State Fish and Wildlife Area is a 1,140-acre (460 ha) state park located near Griggsville in Pike County, Illinois.	Ray Norbut State Fish and Wildlife Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Voortrekker Monument is located just south of Pretoria in South Africa.	Voortrekker Monument	Pretoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvorshidan (Persian: خورشيدان‎, also Romanized as Khvorshīdān, Khowrshīdān, and Khurshīdān) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvorshidan	Fakhrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quo Vadis Entertainment Center (also known as the Quo Vadis or the Penthouse Theater) was a movie theater in Westland, Michigan.	Quo Vadis Entertainment Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brown County Veterans Memorial Arena (more commonly known as the Brown County Arena) is a 5,248-seat multi-purpose arena in Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin, situated on the corner of Lombardi Avenue and Oneida Street, across from Lambeau Field.	Brown County Veterans Memorial Arena	Ashwaubenon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palopo or Kota Palopo is one of the autonomous cities (municipalities) in South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, and the third-largest city in the province.	Palopo	South Sulawesi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Harmanus Bleecker Library is located at the intersection of Washington Avenue (New York State Route 5) and Dove Street in Albany, New York, United States.	Harmanus Bleecker Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakfield Station is a historic former passenger rail station on Station Street in Oakfield, Maine.	Oakfield Station	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas H. Gale House, or simply Thomas Gale House, is a house located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois, United States.	Thomas H. Gale House	Oak Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Texas School for the Deaf (TSD) is a state-operated primary and secondary school for deaf children in Austin, Texas.	Texas School for the Deaf	Austin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bezirk Karl-Marx-Stadt, also known as Bezirk Chemnitz, was a district (Bezirk) of East Germany.	Bezirk Karl-Marx-Stadt	East Germany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masada (מצדה metzadá ``fortress'') is an ancient fortification in the Southern District of Israel situated on top of an isolated rock plateau, akin to a mesa, on the eastern edge of the Judaean Desert, overlooking the Dead Sea 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Arad.	Masada	Southern District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Methodist Episcopal Church at Half Moon Bay (now Community United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 777 Miramontes Street in Half Moon Bay, California.	Methodist Episcopal Church at Half Moon Bay	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Lost River is a river in the central part of the U.S. state of Idaho.	Little Lost River	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patrician Brothers' College, Fairfield is a systemic Roman Catholic, secondary, day school for boys, located in Fairfield, a western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Patrician Brothers' College, Fairfield	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masuleh Khani (Persian: ماسوله خاني‎, also Romanized as Māsūleh Khānī and Māsūlehkhānī) is a village in Masal Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Masuleh Khani	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oetrange (Luxembourgish: Éiter, German: Oetringen) is a small town in the commune of Contern, in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Oetrange	Contern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gooty (pronounced 'Gutti') is a town in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Gooty	Anantapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Procopio (Greek: Aghios Prokopios) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	San Procopio	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitaker Mountain is a mountain summit in Cherokee County in the state of South Carolina (SC) and is one of the three mountain peaks in Cherokee County.	Whitaker Mountain	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skillin Elementary School is an elementary school (grades K--5) in South Portland, Maine.	Skillin Elementary School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seminary Hill School (officially Seminary Hill Elementary School) is a public school located at 20 Seminary Hill in West Lebanon, New Hampshire, United States.	Seminary Hill School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	University Christian School is a private Christian school in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S. It is part of the ministry of the University Church, a small, local Baptist congregation.	University Christian School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church of the Assumption and Rectory is a historic church and rectory at 204 SW 8th Street in Topeka, Kansas.	Church of the Assumption and Rectory	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kraczewice Prywatne (krat͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ prɨˈvatnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kraczewice Prywatne	Gmina Poniatowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giewartów-Holendry (ɡʲɛˈvartuf xɔˈlɛndrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Giewartów-Holendry	Gmina Ostrowite
located in the administrative territorial entity	375 Pearl Street, also known as the Verizon Building and One Brooklyn Bridge Plaza, is a 32-story telephone switching building at the Manhattan end of the Brooklyn Bridge.	375 Pearl Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside Concrete Company-Lamont's Market is a historic market building at 2 Charles Street in Newton, Massachusetts.	Riverside Concrete Company-Lamont's Market	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Desk-e Bala (Persian: دسك بالا‎, also Romanized as Desk-e Bālā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Desk-e Bala	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Ford II High School, simply referred to as Ford, is a public high school located in the Metropolitan Detroit region in the city of Sterling Heights, Michigan.	Henry Ford II High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Togus National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at Togus, Kennebec County, Maine.	Togus National Cemetery	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radio Berlin International was the international broadcaster for the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).	Radio Berlin International	Germany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbinohy (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzbɪnoɦɪ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Zbinohy	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guiguinto is a first class urban municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines.	Guiguinto	Bulacan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWJK (107.3 FM, ``107.3 JACK fm'') is an adult hits formatted radio station located in Jacksonville, Florida.	WWJK	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castlewarren (Irish: Caisleán an Bhairínigh), previously known as Buile (pronounced ``Boula''), is a small village in County Kilkenny, Ireland, located some 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) north of the N10 national primary road at Flagmount.	Castlewarren	County Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neugraben-Fischbek is a quarter of Hamburg, Germany belongs to the borough Harburg.	Neugraben-Fischbek	Hamburg	Harburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's Standing Bowl Barrow or Kingstanding Mound, is a Scheduled monument in the Kingstanding area of Birmingham.	King's Standing Bowl Barrow	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boscastle (Cornish: Kastel Boterel) is a village and fishing port on the north coast of Cornwall, England, UK, in the civil parish of Forrabury and Minster.	Boscastle	Forrabury and Minster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witoroż (vʲiˈtɔrɔʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Witoroż	Gmina Drelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanupally is a village and Gram panchayat of Nadigudem mandal, Nalgonda district, in Telangana state.	Chanupally	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nijland (West Frisian: Nijlân) is a village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Nijland	Súdwest-Fryslân
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahrar-e Sofla (Persian: كهرارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kahrār-e Soflá; also kown as Kahrār and Qahrār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kahrar-e Sofla	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avalon Ballroom was a music venue in the Polk Gulch neighborhood of San Francisco, California, at 1244 Sutter Street (or 1268 Sutter, depending on the entrance).	The Avalon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Julian's Pier is a pier in Saint Peter Port, Guernsey.	St Julian's Pier	Saint Peter Port
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haslar is on the south coast of England, at the southern tip of Alverstoke, on the Gosport peninsula, Hampshire.	Haslar	Gosport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahja Parish (Estonian: Ahja vald) is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Põlva County.	Ahja Parish	Põlva County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brotherstone Hill is a hill near St. Boswells and the Eildon Hills in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, with two standing stones from the megalithic age, on the summit of Brotherstone Hill, at a height of 243 metres.	Brotherstone Hill	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartang-e Tang Sorkh (Persian: سرتنگ تنگ سرخ‎; also known as Sartang-e Keyẕāmen and Tang-e Key Ẕāmenī) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sartang-e Tang Sorkh	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soultz-sous-Forêts (German: Sulz unterm Wald) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Soultz-sous-Forêts	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlas Grange Hall in Atlas, Michigan is a historic Grange Hall building.	Atlas Grange Hall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Rodd Hill National Historic Site is a 19th-century coastal artillery fort on the Colwood, British Columbia side of Esquimalt Harbour, (Greater Victoria/Victoria BC Metropolitan Area).	Fort Rodd Hill National Historic Site	Colwood
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowestoft (/ˈloʊ.əstɒft/, /ˈloʊstɒft/ or /ˈloʊstəf/) is a town in the English county of Suffolk.	Lowestoft	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gramercy Park Hotel is a luxury hotel located at 2 Lexington Avenue, in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, adjacent to the park of the same name.	Gramercy Park Hotel	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stuston is a small village and civil parish in the Mid-Suffolk district of the county of Suffolk, England close to the border with Norfolk, England.	Stuston	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	J-Z Airport (FAA LID: 1W0) is a town owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) north of the central business district of Almira, a town in Lincoln County, Washington, United States.	J-Z Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salbiz (Persian: سلبيز‎, also Romanized as Salbīz) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Salbiz	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mavinhonda is a village in Belgaum district of the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.	Mavinhonda	Belgaum district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beeston St Andrew is a civil parish in the Broadland district of Norfolk, England, north of Norwich.	Beeston St Andrew	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żarna (ˈʐarna) (German: Gewiesener Mühle) is a former settlement in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żarna	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Rafael Mendoza Castellón is a multi-use stadium in the neighborhood of Achumani, La Paz, Bolivia.	Estadio Rafael Mendoza	La Paz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meshik (Persian: مشيك‎, also Romanized as Meshīk; also known as Mīshīk) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, Anzal District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Meshik	Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wallkill Valley Rail Trail is a 23.7-mile (38.1 km) rail trail and linear park that runs along the former Wallkill Valley Railroad rail corridor in Ulster County, New York.	Wallkill Valley Rail Trail	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanhai District, is a district of Foshan, Guangdong, China.	Nanhai District	Foshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1252 or FM 1252 is a Farm to Market Road in Texas, running from FM 757 near its intersection with I-20 east to SH 31 near Kilgore.	Farm to Market Road 1252	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQTC-FM (102.3 FM, ``Classic Rock Q102'') is a radio station licensed to Manitowoc, Wisconsin that is owned by Seehafer Broadcasting Corporation and serves that community, along with the nearby twin city of Two Rivers and fringe coverage of (though not directly marketing to) Sheboygan.	WQTC-FM	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żdżanne (ˈʐd͡ʐannɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Żdżanne	Gmina Siennica Różana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janiki Wielkie (jaˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German Groß Hanswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Janiki Wielkie	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh Razi (Persian: بنه رازي‎, also Romanized as Boneh Rāzī; also known as Benehzārī) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Boneh Razi	Hanza District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schepps Palm Field was a minor league baseball venue located in Corpus Christi, TX.	Schepps Palm Field	Corpus Christi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokokchung Metropolitan Area is a major urban agglomeration in Mokokchung district in the Indian state of Nagaland, with Mokokchung town as its main urban hub.	Mokokchung Metropolitan Area	Mokokchung district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Colo is a locality of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Upper Colo	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sargodar-e Kalatu (Persian: سرگداركلاتو‎, also Romanized as Sargodār-e Kalātū) is a village in Abnama Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sargodar-e Kalatu	Abnama Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballabio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km (31 mi) northeast of Milan and about 6 km (3.7 mi) north of Lecco in the Valsassina.	Ballabio	Province of Lecco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natchez National Historical Park commemorates the history of Natchez, Mississippi, and is managed by the National Park Service.	Natchez National Historical Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garysburg United Methodist Church and Cemetery, also known as Chapel Grove Church, is a historic Methodist church and cemetery located on SR 1207 in Garysburg, Northampton County, North Carolina.	Garysburg United Methodist Church and Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grote Houtstraat is a shopping street in Haarlem that connects the Grote Markt to the Houtplein in the direction of the Haarlemmerhout woods.	Grote Houtstraat	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	When the East German states were dissolved in 1952, Görlitz became part of the Dresden District, but the states were restored upon German reunification in 1990.	Görlitz	Dresden District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poplar Thicket, also known as Marian R. Okie Memorial Wildlife Preserve at Poplar Thicket, is an archaeological site located near Lewes, Sussex County, Delaware.	Poplar Thicket	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seabrook Bridge (officially the Senator Ted Hickey Bridge) is a medium-rise twin bascule, four-lane roadway bridge in New Orleans, Louisiana, carrying Lakeshore Drive, connecting Leon C. Simon Drive on the upper side of the bridge with Hayne Boulevard on the lower side.	Seabrook Bridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Momich Lakes Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at the north end of Adams Lake 100km northeast of Kamloops.	Momich Lakes Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Audlem is a large village and civil parish located in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in the north west of England, approximately 11 km (6.8 mi) south of Nantwich.	Audlem	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igiugig Airport (IATA: IGG, ICAO: PAIG, FAA LID: IGG) is a state-owned, public-use airport serving Igiugig, in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Igiugig Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bizhabad (Persian: بيژاباد‎, also Romanized as Bīzhābād; also known as Bīzhanābād) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bizhabad	Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arådalen is a valley immediately west of the mountain Hundshögen (1371 m) in southern Oviksfjällen, Oviken parish, Berg's Municipality, Jämtland, Sweden.	Arådalen	Berg's Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Assemblies of God Theological Seminary (AGTS) is a seminary located in Springfield, Missouri.	Assemblies of God Theological Seminary	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quince Orchard High School (QOHS), also known as Q.O. High School, is a secondary school located on Quince Orchard Road in an unincorporated area of Gaithersburg in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.	Quince Orchard High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thurcroft is a village and civil parish situated southeast of Rotherham in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire, England.	Thurcroft	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dast Kortan (Persian: دست كرتان‎, also Romanized as Dast Kortān) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dast Kortan	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ben Gamla Charter School is an English-Hebrew Charter school, the first of its kind in the U.S., located in Hollywood, Florida.	Ben Gamla Charter School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnage Academy for Boys (formerly known as Burnage High School) is a secondary school with academy status, located in Burnage, Manchester, England.	Burnage Academy for Boys	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oppeano is a city (municipality) in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) west of Venice and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Verona	Oppeano	Province of Verona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staplestreet is a village near the village of Boughton Street, in the Swale District of the English county of Kent.	Staplestreet	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żarkowo (ʐarˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żarkowo	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juhni (Persian: جوهني‎, also Romanized as Jūhnī; also known as Johnī and Jūnī) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Juhni	Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edge Peak is a summit in the Golden Ears Group, located in Golden Ears Provincial Park north of Maple Ridge, British Columbia.	Edge Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golriz (Persian: گلريز‎, also Romanized as Golrīz) is a village in Takab Rural District, in the Central District of Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Golriz	Takab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoney Squaw Mountain, often called just Stoney Squaw is a mountain in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park, adjacent to the town of Banff, Alberta, Canada.	Stoney Squaw Mountain	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grevenknapp (Luxembourgish: Gréiweknapp) is a village in the commune of Boevange-sur-Attert, in western Luxembourg.	Grevenknapp	Boevange-sur-Attert
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ammunition Igloo (also known as Building 88) was a bunker used for arms storage at Camp George West, Golden, Colorado.	Ammunition Igloo	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarkeh Deh (Persian: تركه ده‎) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tarkeh Deh	Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longdown is a small village in the parish of Holcombe Burnell, south of the A30 road, about four miles west of Exeter in Devon, England.	Longdown	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wood Tobé-Coburn School is a small, for-profit private career college located in a building just south of Grand Central Station in New York, NY.	Wood Tobé-Coburn School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	URJ Henry S. Jacobs Camp is a summer camp run by the Union for Reform Judaism (URJ), serving the Deep South (Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Western Tennessee, and the Florida Panhandle).	Henry S. Jacobs Camp	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yalfan (Persian: يلفان‎, also Romanized as Yalfān; also known as Yalpān) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Yalfan	Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queralbs (Catalan pronunciation: (kəˈɾaɫps)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Ripollès in Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Queralbs	Ripollès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michigan Central Station (also known as Michigan Central Depot or MCS) was the main intercity passenger rail depot for Detroit, Michigan.	Michigan Central Station	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ney Baghi (Persian: ني باغي‎, also Romanized as Ney Bāghī) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ney Baghi	Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangobeg (Scottish Gaelic: Saingea Beag) is a remote coastal crofting township which overlooks Sangobeg Sands in Sutherland, Scottish Highlands in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Sangobeg	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKNL-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a mainstream rock format at 101.5 FM in Fort St. John, British Columbia.	CKNL-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marriott Syracuse Downtown, formerly known as the Hotel Syracuse, is a historic hotel built in 1924 and located at 500 South Warren Street, Syracuse, New York.	Marriott Syracuse Downtown	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Chaman (Persian: نوچمن‎) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Now Chaman	Roshanabad Rural District	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cenotillo Municipality (Yucatec Maya: ``little cenote'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (614.43 km2) of land and is located roughly 115 kilometres (71 mi) east of the city of Mérida.	Cenotillo Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swan Lake State Park is a state-operated, public recreation area at the north end of 3-mile-long (4.8 km) Swan Lake in the town of Swanville, Waldo County, Maine.	Swan Lake State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monken Hadley Common lies within the Monken Hadley Conservation Area, and is listed as a ``Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade I,'' by the London Borough of Barnet.	Monken Hadley Common	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcola Theatre is an Off West End theatre in the London Borough of Hackney.	Arcola Theatre	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old South Union Church is a congregational church at 25 Columbian Street in Weymouth, Massachusetts.	Old South Union Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bluff Point Stoneworks are a prehistoric structure located in the town of Jerusalem, New York, at the crux of Keuka Lake in the Finger Lakes Region of western New York State.	The Bluff Point Stoneworks	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	2100 Ross Avenue (formerly San Jacinto Tower) is a 33-story postmodern skyscraper located at 2100 Ross Avenue/2121 San Jacinto Street in the City Center District of downtown Dallas, Texas, in the United States.	2100 Ross Avenue	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Håkons Hall, sometimes anglicized as Håkon Hall and Haakons Hall, is an arena located at Stampesletta in Lillehammer, Norway.	Håkons Hall	Stampesletta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Connaught Hotel is a 13-storey building in downtown Hamilton, Ontario.	Royal Connaught Hotel	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barclayville, the capital and most populous settlement in Grand Kru County, is located in southeastern Liberia about 10 miles inland from Picinicess.	Barclayville	Grand Kru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xaverian College is a Roman Catholic college in Manchester, England founded by the Xaverian Brothers in 1862.	Xaverian College	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Lake is a lake located in Leelanau County in the U.S. state of Michigan, near Lake Michigan.	Glen Lake	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beautiful Mountain (Navajo: Dziłkʼi Hózhóonii) is part of the Chuska Mountains and its summit is the highest point in San Juan County, New Mexico.	Beautiful Mountain	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Tworoska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ tfɔˈrɔska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg, within Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nowa Wieś Tworoska	Gmina Tworóg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyisho Gewog (Dzongkha: ཉི་ཤོག་) is a gewog (village block) of Wangdue Phodrang District, Bhutan.	Nyisho Gewog	Wangdue Phodrang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamburger Börs, or ``Börsen'', at Jakobsgatan in Stockholm is a stage for bar shows so called ``krogshower'' in Sweden.	Hamburger Börs	Stockholm
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentecostal Holy Temple Church of Jesus Christ, formerly known as The Free Baptist Church, was a historic Baptist church located at Elmira in Chemung County, New York.	Pentecostal Holy Temple Church of Jesus Christ	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Omidabad (Persian: قلعه اميداباد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Omīdābād) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 322, in 63 families.	Qaleh-ye Omidabad	Mizdej-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musgrove Evans House is a private residence in Tecumseh, Michigan, USA.	Musgrove Evans House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katoomba Scenic World is a privately owned tourist attraction located in Katoomba in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia, about 100 kilometres west of Sydney.	Katoomba Scenic World	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borek Mały (ˈbɔrɛk ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów, within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Borek Mały	Gmina Ostrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aisne-Marne American Cemetery and Memorial is a 42-acre (17 ha) World War I cemetery in Belleau, Northern France.	Aisne-Marne American Cemetery and Memorial	Belleau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hudson Valley Rail Trail is a paved 4-mile (6.4 km) east--west rail trail in the town of Lloyd in Ulster County, New York, stretching from the Hudson River through the hamlet of Highland.	Hudson Valley Rail Trail	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Country Club of Rochester (CCR) is a championship golf course in the towns of Brighton and Pittsford, in suburban Rochester, New York.	Country Club of Rochester	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schwedter Straße, named after the town of Schwedt/Oder, is an inner-city road in the Mitte and Prenzlauer Berg districts of Berlin.	Schwedter Straße	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamble Common Camp is the site of an Iron Age promontory hillfort located in Hampshire.	Hamble Common Camp	Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Langley River is a 4.2-mile-long (6.8 km) tributary of the Langley River of Minnesota, United States.	Little Langley River	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kassam Stadium is the home of Oxford United Football Club, and is named after the ground's owner and former chairman of the football club, Firoz Kassam.	Kassam Stadium	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iverkala is a rural village in Kollam district of Kerala state in India.	Iverkala	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peam Ro District (Khmer: ស្រុកពាមរក៏) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.	Peam Ro District	Prey Veng Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dennenloher See is a lake in Ansbach, Bavaria, Germany.	Dennenloher See	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakri-ye Pain (Persian: بكري پائين‎, also Romanized as Bakrī-ye Pā’īn and Bagrī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Borun Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bakri-ye Pain	Borun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szepietowo Podleśne (ʂɛpjɛˈtɔvɔ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szepietowo Podleśne	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Light-Athletic Football Complex CSKA (Russian: Легкоатлетическо-футбольный комплекс ЦСКА, ЛФК) or Football Manege CSKA (Russian: Футбольный Манеж ЦСКА) is a multi-use covered stadium in Moscow, Russia.	Light-Athletic Football Complex CSKA	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuthukalvalasai is a village (Gram panchayat) in the Tenkasi Taluk in the Tirunelveli district, State of Tamil Nadu.	Kuthukalvalasai	Tirunelveli district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamer-e Qarah Quzi (Persian: تمرقره قوزي‎, also Romanized as Tamer-e Qarah Qūzī; also known as Tamer) is a village in Tamran Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tamer-e Qarah Quzi	Tamran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport (IATA: CHA, ICAO: KCHA, FAA LID: CHA), also known as Lovell Field, is a public airport located five miles (8 km) east of the central business district of Chattanooga, a city in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States.	Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Pialeh (Persian: كلاته پياله‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Pīāleh) is a village in Milanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Pialeh	Milanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Aliabad (Persian: قلعه علي اباد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye ``Alīābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 619, in 111 families.	Qaleh-ye Aliabad	Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monterey Institute for Research in Astronomy (MIRA) is a privately established, non-profit, professional organization for astronomical education and research, near Monterey, California.	Monterey Institute for Research in Astronomy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocca Grimalda (Ra Roca in dialect) is a village and comune in the Province of Alessandria, Piedmont, Italy.	Rocca Grimalda	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudzienice-Kałdunki (rud͡ʑɛˈnit͡sɛ kau̯ˈdunki) (German: Klein Schönforst) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rudzienice-Kałdunki	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hao Airport (IATA: HOI, ICAO: NTTO) is an airport on Hao Island in French Polynesia.	Hao Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Telecom Corridor is a technology business center in Richardson, Texas, a northern suburb of Dallas, which contains over 25 million square feet (2.3 million square meters) of office space and accounts for over 130,000 jobs.	Telecom Corridor	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zir-e Qalat (Persian: زيرقلات‎, also Romanized as Zīr-e Qalāt and Zīr-e Qallāt; also known as Qallāt) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zir-e Qalat	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Bakhtiar (Persian: حاجي بختيار‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bakhtīār; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩājjī Bakhtīār) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Hajji Bakhtiar	Arkavazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cockley Beck is a small hamlet, situated in the Duddon Valley in Cumbria, England.	Cockley Beck	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hood County Courthouse Historic District in Granbury, Hood County, Texas encompasses 12 acres of land and 12 contributing properties.	Hood County Courthouse Historic District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nitki (ˈɲitkʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nitki	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shwegu Township (Burmese: ရွှေကူမြို့နယ်) is a township of Bhamo District in the Kachin State of Burma.	Shwegu Township	Bhamo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Goddard is a mountain of California's Sierra Nevada, in the north section of Kings Canyon National Park.	Mount Goddard	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamsabad-e Takht (Persian: شمس ابادتخت‎, also Romanized as Shamsābād-e Takht) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shamsabad-e Takht	Mohammadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesivta Zichron Baruch, (Hebrew: מתיבתא זכרון ברוך‎), established in 2007 and, also known as Mesivta of Clifton, is an Orthodox Jewish high school in Clifton, New Jersey led by Rabbi Halberstadt.	Mesivta Zichron Baruch	Clifton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawan Pind Jattan is a village in Nakodar tehsil of Jalandhar District in the Indian state of Punjab.	Nawan Pind Jattan	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert's Lounge was a saloon in New York City owned by Lucchese crime family associate James 'Jimmy the Gent' Burke.	Robert's Lounge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clearfield High School is a secondary school in Clearfield, Utah, and part of the Davis School District.	Clearfield High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward E. Willey Bridge is a highway bridge which crosses the upper James River (above the fall line at Richmond) in the western portion of Henrico County, Virginia.	Edward E. Willey Bridge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Beach is a suburb of Coffs Harbour, northern New South Wales, located in the north eastern part of the town.	Park Beach	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hukumpeta is a part of Rajahmundry Municipal Corporation in East Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Hukumpeta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastmont High School, locally referred to as Eastmont or EHS, is a three-year public high school located in East Wenatchee, Washington, USA.	Eastmont High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Chitu (Persian: دره چيتو‎, also Romanized as Darreh Chītū and Darreh-ye Chītū; also known as Daneh-ye Chīrū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Darreh Chitu	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torphins (/tɔːrˈfɪnz/ tawr-FINZ; Scottish Gaelic: Tòrr Fionn) is a village in Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, Scotland which lies about 23 miles west of Aberdeen.	Torphins	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dosin (ˈdɔɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dosin	Gmina Serock
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zabbar Ground better known by its nickname Il-Foss is a football ground in Ħaż-Żabbar, Malta.	Il-Foss	Żabbar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khakhara or Khkhra is a village in Sahabganj, Chandauli, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Khakhara	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burt Flickinger Center is a venue located in downtown Buffalo, New York.	Burt Flickinger Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Other programming includes newscasts, from CBS News and the Kentucky News Network, live talk (some are local) and religious programs, including the nationwide syndicated show, ``The Sunday Morning Wake-up with Chris'' from August 2003 until December 2008 and was produced in the studios of WMST.	WMST	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doberan Abbey (Kloster Doberan) is a former Cistercian monastery in Bad Doberan, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Doberan Abbey	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Kamareh Zali (Persian: سياه كمره زالي‎‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Kamareh Zālī and Sīāh Kamar-e Zālī) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Siah Kamareh Zali	Zirtang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barra do Piraí (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈbaʁɐ ðu piɾɐˈi)) is a municipality of the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.	Barra do Piraí	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yau Tong (Chinese: 油塘) is an area of Hong Kong, located in the southeastern end of Kowloon, between Lei Yue Mun and Lam Tin, at the east shore of Victoria Harbour, west of Tseung Kwan O. Administratively, it is part of the Kwun Tong District.	Yau Tong	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mangalsen is a Municipality and headquarters of Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.	Mangalsen	Achham District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warfield Complex, Hubner, and T Buildings is a national historic district located at Sykesville, Carroll County, Maryland, United States.	Warfield Complex, Hubner, and T Buildings	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moesgård is a former manor house and a listed building in Aarhus Municipality.	Moesgård	Aarhus Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blond Bay State Game Reserve is a 2000 ha game reserve in Victoria, Australia.	Blond Bay State Game Reserve	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muziekgebouw Frits Philips is a concert hall in Eindhoven, the Netherlands.	Muziekgebouw Frits Philips	Eindhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallébourg is a community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the unincorporated geographic township of Kendall in Cochrane District.	Hallébourg	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Springs Park is a defunct amusement park once located in Chester, West Virginia, Hancock County.	Rock Springs Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Gridley House is located in the southern section of Syracuse, New York.	John Gridley House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1999, Świnoujście has been a city with the administrative rights of a county (powiat) (Polish: miasto na prawach powiatu), within West Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Świnoujście	West Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fletchertown is a small village in the parish of Allhallows, Cumbria, England.	Fletchertown	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Islesboro Airport (FAA LID: 57B) is a town-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) west of the central business district of Islesboro, a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States.	Islesboro Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armendarits (Basque: Armendaritze) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Armendarits	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Zumbro Hydroelectric Generating Plant is a dam owned by Rochester Public Utilities (RPU) of Rochester, Minnesota, USA.	Lake Zumbro Hydroelectric Generating Plant	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinnie Block is or was a property in Grand Forks, North Dakota.	Dinnie Block	Grand Forks
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Wierzbie (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvjɛʐbjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kolonia Wierzbie	Gmina Sompolno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiseldon is a village and civil parish in the borough of Swindon, Wiltshire, England.	Chiseldon	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Versmold or Vassem in Westphalian Platt is a town in Gütersloh District in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Versmold	Gütersloh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anielinek (aɲɛˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Anielinek	Gmina Jakubów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estoi (Portuguese pronunciation: ((ɨ)ˈʃtoi)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Faro, in the Algarve, Portugal.	Estoi	Faro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghazi Stadium (Pashto: غازی لوبغالی‎) (Persian: ورزشگاه غازى‎) is a multi-purpose stadium in Kabul, Afghanistan, mainly used to play football.	Ghazi Stadium	Kabul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Ridge National Recreation Area is a United States National Recreation Area located in the Pine Ridge region of northwestern Nebraska.	Pine Ridge National Recreation Area	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widuchówko (viduˈxufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Widuchówko	Gmina Widuchowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corliss Tunnel, located at Corliss Street south from West Carson Street in the Elliott neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1914.	Corliss Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahnavaz-e Sofla (Persian: شهنوازسفلي‎, also Romanized as Shahnavāz-e Soflá) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shahnavaz-e Sofla	Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheung Sha Wan Plaza (Chinese: 長沙灣廣場) is shopping mall and office complex in Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Cheung Sha Wan Plaza	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrabury Airport (IATA: AAB, ICAO: YARY) is an airport in Arrabury, Queensland, Australia.	Arrabury Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franziskaner-Klosterkirche was a church in the Mitte district of Berlin, founded in 1250 and now in ruins.	Franziskaner-Klosterkirche	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkeley City College (BCC), formerly Vista Community College, one of the California Community Colleges, is part of the Peralta Community College District.	Berkeley City College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Havasu is a large reservoir behind Parker Dam on the Colorado River, on the border between California and Arizona.	Lake Havasu	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Railroad Museum of New England operates the Naugatuck Railroad between Waterville and Thomaston, Connecticut.	Railroad Museum of New England	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parnatabad (Persian: پرنت اباد‎, also Romanized as Parnatābād) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Parnatabad	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deepdale is a football stadium in the Deepdale area of Preston, England, the home of the Lillywhites, Preston North End and, up to 2010, England's National Football Museum.	Deepdale	Preston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dash Aghol (Persian: داش اغل‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Āghol and Dāsh Āghel; also known as Dāsh Āghūl) is a village in Dul Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash Aghol	Dul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niederstotzingen is a small city in the district of Heidenheim in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.	Niederstotzingen	Heidenheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maz va Langa Sar (Persian: مازولنگاسر‎, also Romanized as Māz va Langā Sar; also known as Māz Langā Sar) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Maz va Langa Sar	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanaque Reservoir is a man-made lake located within Wanaque and Ringwood, New Jersey along the Wanaque River.	Wanaque Reservoir	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashpiri (Persian: كش پيري‎, also Romanized as Kashpīrī) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kashpiri	Dar Pahn Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sea Lake is a town in the Mallee district of north-west Victoria, Australia and is situated on the southern shores of Lake Tyrrell.	Sea Lake	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brisbane General Cemetery also known as Toowong Cemetery is a heritage-listed cemetery located at Toowong, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Toowong Cemetery	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farrar Distillery is a 19th-century distillery in Noah, Tennessee, about 11 miles (18 km) north of Manchester.	Farrar Distillery	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Votkinsk (Russian: Во́ткинск; Udmurt: Вотка, Votka) is an industrial town in the Udmurt Republic, Russia.	Votkinsk	Udmurt Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilabad (Persian: ايل اباد‎, also Romanized as Īlābād) is a village in Radkan Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ilabad	Radkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Canyon State Park is a 1,003 acres (4.06 km2; 1.57 sq mi) state park located in Stewart County in southwest Georgia.	Providence Canyon State Park	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merthyr Tydfil (/ˈmɜːrθər ˈtɪdvɪl/; Welsh: Merthyr Tudful (ˈmɛrθɨr ˈtɨːdvɨ̞l)) is a town in Wales, with a population of about 59,500, situated approximately 23 miles (37 km) north of Cardiff.	Merthyr Tydfil	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnage is a suburb of the city of Manchester in North West England, about 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Manchester city centre and bisected by the dual carriageway of Kingsway.	Burnage	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fullerton Odd Fellows Temple, also known as IOOF Building or Independent Order of Odd Fellows Lodge No.103 or Williams Building, located in Fullerton, Orange County, California.	Fullerton Odd Fellows Temple	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alasay District (Alah Say) is situated in the eastern part of Kapisa Province, Afghanistan.	Alasay District	Kapisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goričica pri Moravčah (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsa pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Goričica pri Moravčah	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kahlheid near Morscheid-Riedenburg in the Idar Forest (Hunsrück) is a mountain, 766 m above sea level (NHN), on the boundary between the counties of Birkenfeld and Bernkastel-Wittlich in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Kahlheid	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Øvre Anárjohka National Park (Norwegian: Øvre Anárjohka nasjonalpark) is a national park that lies in Karasjok and Kautokeino municipalities in Finnmark county, Norway.	Øvre Anárjohka National Park	Karasjok	Kautokeino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tubądzin (tuˈbɔnd͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tubądzin	Gmina Wróblew
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHYY-FM (90.9 FM; ``91 FM'') is the flagship National Public Radio station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the Delaware Valley.	WHYY-FM	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reedley Hallows or Reedley is a civil parish in the Borough of Pendle in Lancashire, England.	Reedley Hallows	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luk Keng Chan Uk (Chinese: 鹿頸陳屋) is a village situated in the Luk Keng area, in the northeastern part of the New Territories, Hong Kong.	Luk Keng Chan Uk	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockport High School is the public high school of Rockport, Massachusetts.	Rockport High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Użyki (uˈʐɨki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Użyki	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slidell Airport (ICAO: KASD, FAA LID: ASD) is a city-owned public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) northwest of the central business district of Slidell, a city in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Slidell Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rio das Ostras (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˌχiu.dajˈzoʃtɾaʃ)) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.	Rio das Ostras	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazivaz (Persian: گزيوز‎, also Romanized as Gazīvaz; also known as Gazīvar) is a village in Baghan Rural District, Mahmeleh District, Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gazivaz	Mahmeleh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazardalu (Persian: پازردالو‎, also Romanized as Pāzardālū; also known as Monirabad (Persian: مُنير آباد), also Romanized as Monīrābād) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pazardalu	Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jonstrup Camp (Danish: Jonstruplejren) is a military installation in Ballerup Municipality in the northwestern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Jonstrup Camp	Ballerup Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	KALU (89.3 FM) is a non-commercial educational radio station broadcasting an urban contemporary music format with some talk radio programming, licensed to Langston, Oklahoma, USA.	KALU	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storsølnkletten (or Store Sølnkletten, Sølnkletten) is a prominent mountain around 20 km southwest of Alvdal centre, in Hedmark, Norway.	Storsølnkletten	Alvdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabłoń-Spały (ˈjabwɔɲ ˈspawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jabłoń-Spały	Gmina Nowe Piekuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRMJ (102.3 FM) is a commercial radio station that serves the Aledo, Illinois area, as well as Mercer and surrounding counties in the northwest central and west central portions of Illinois, and southeast central and east central portions of Iowa.	WRMJ	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quchapata (Quechua qucha lake, lagoon, pata elevated place / above, at the top / edge, bank (of a river), shore, ``lake shore'', hispanicized spelling Cochapata) is an archaeological complex in Peru.	Quchapata	Peru
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pimpalner, is a small town in Parner Taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra, India.	Pimpalner	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catterall is a civil parish in the county of Lancashire in the north of England, located within the Borough of Wyre.	Catterall	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brookeville Academy is located in the heart of the Historic District in Brookeville, Maryland, a town located twenty miles (32 km) north of Washington, D.C. and two miles (3 km) north of Olney in northeastern Montgomery County, Maryland.	Brookeville Academy	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litvínovice (German Leitnowitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Litvínovice	České Budějovice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Italianate/neo-Renaissance style Consumers' Gas Building at 19 Toronto Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada was first built in 1852, as the Consumers Gas company's head office.	Consumers' Gas Building	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roger Bacon High School is a high school in St. Bernard, Ohio, USA based in the Franciscan Tradition.	Roger Bacon High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Times and Olympia Buildings are a pair of historic buildings at 908-912 and 880-898 Purchase Street in central New Bedford, Massachusetts.	Times and Olympia Buildings	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langley Regional Airport (IATA: YLY, ICAO: CYNJ) is located in Langley Township, British Columbia, Canada.	Langley Regional Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armsmear (``meadow of arms''), also known as the Samuel Colt Home, is a historic house located at Hartford, Connecticut.	Armsmear	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cable Bridge, officially called the Ed Hendler Bridge and sometimes called the Intercity Bridge, spans the Columbia River between Pasco and Kennewick in southeastern Washington as State Route 397.	Cable Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bharariwal is a village in the Amritsar District of Punjab and was famous for its cultivation of vegetables, especially Gobhi cauliflower.	Bharariwal	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Information Sciences and Technology Building (commonly known as the IST Building) is a classroom building at Pennsylvania State University.	Information Sciences and Technology Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moutfort (French) (Luxembourgish: Mutfert, German: Mutfort) is a village in the commune of Contern, in south-western Luxembourg, on both sides of the road from the city of Luxembourg to the German border town Remich.	Moutfort	Contern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knaphill is an urban village in Surrey, England.	Knaphill	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Przybkowo (kɔˈlɔɲa pʂɨpˈkɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kolonia Przybkowo	Gmina Barwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bellarine Railway, formerly known as the Bellarine Peninsula Railway, is a volunteer-operated steam-driven tourist railway located in Victoria, Australia.	Bellarine Railway	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magny-le-Hongre (pronounced: (maɲi lə ɔ̃ːɡʁ)) is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Magny-le-Hongre	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monticello Wine Company was a Charlottesville, Virginia cooperative founded in 1873 by local grape growers, led by a German, Oscar Reierson.	Monticello Wine Company	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	George K. Heller School, also known as Cheltenham Center for the Arts, is a historic school building located in Ashmead Village, Cheltenham Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	George K. Heller School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Lleida (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʎɛjðə), locally: (ˈʎejðɛ); Spanish: Lérida; Occitan: Lhèida) is one of the four provinces of Catalonia.	Province of Lleida	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mouli Island (sometimes also spelled Mouly Island; also known as Hwakaiö) is one of the Loyalty Islands, in the archipelago of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Mouli Island	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yachats Ocean Road State Natural Site is a state park in southern Lincoln County, Oregon, in the town of Yachats.	Yachats Ocean Road State Natural Site	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadaganchi (Kannada: ಕಡಗಂಚಿ) is a village in Aland taluk, Gulbarga district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Kadaganchi	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paterson Plank Road is a road that runs through Passaic, Bergen and Hudson Counties in northeastern New Jersey originally lain in the colonial era.	Paterson Plank Road	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sewickley Academy is a private coeducational college preparatory day school located in Edgeworth, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Sewickley Academy	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lutków (ˈlutkuf) (Ukrainian: Людків, Liudkiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Lutków	Gmina Chłopice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelarabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان كلارآباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kelarabad Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZBT (93.3 FM, ``B93'') is a Rhythmic Top 40 station serving the Odessa, Texas area.	KZBT	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Pine Mountains High Point, at 9,289 feet (2,831 m) above sea level is the highest peak in the Black Pine Mountains of Cassia County in southern Idaho.	Black Pine Mountains High Point	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rodovia Fernão Dias (official designation BR-381 or SP-010 in the state of São Paulo) is a federal highway which runs in the Brazilian states of São Paulo and southern region of Minas Gerais.	Rodovia Fernão Dias	São Paulo	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookville Presbyterian Church and Manse is a historic Presbyterian church located at White and Main Streets in Brookville, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Brookville Presbyterian Church and Manse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mousetail Landing State Park is a 1,247-acre (5.05 km2) state park located on the eastern bank of the Tennessee River in Perry County, Tennessee near Linden.	Mousetail Landing State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudabad-e Khalaseh (Persian: محمودابادخالصه‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Khālaṣeh; also known as Maḩmūdābād and Maḩmūdābād-e Pāzūkī) is a village in Filestan Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Mahmudabad-e Khalaseh	Filestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kualoa Airfield is a former wartime airfield on Oahu, Hawaii.	Kualoa Airfield	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brick Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre_Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Brick Township, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Brick Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghak-e Jonubi (Persian: باغک جنوبی‎, also Romanized as Bāghak-e Jonūbī) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Baghak-e Jonubi	Baghak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUPI is an American FM radio station licensed in Presque Isle, Maine currently carrying a Top 40 Hit/Variety Radio format and operated by the University of Maine at Presque Isle.	WUPI	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielin Górny (ˈʑelin ˈɡurnɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zielin Górny	Gmina Trzebielino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Månstorp Gables (Swedish: Månstorps gavlar) is a ruin in Vellinge Municipality in Skåne (the southernmost historical province of Sweden).	Månstorp Gables	Vellinge Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mashel River is a river in Pierce County, in the U.S. state of Washington.	Mashel River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lazarevsky City District (Russian: Лазаревский райо́н) is one of four city districts of the city of Sochi in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Lazarevsky City District	Sochi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bieniewo (bjɛˈɲɛvɔ) (German Benern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bieniewo	Gmina Lubomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adams-Ryan House is a historic inn located at Adams Basin in the town of Ogden in Monroe County, New York.	Adams-Ryan House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopkins Presbyterian Church, also known as Hopkins Methodist Church, is a historic church building located near the junction of CR 66 and CR 86 in Hopkins, Richland County, South Carolina.	Hopkins Presbyterian Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sępskie Niwy (ˈsɛmpskʲɛ ˈnivɨ) is a part of village Zbójno in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sępskie Niwy	Gmina Fałków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anduhjerd Rural District (Persian: دهستان اندوهجرد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Anduhjerd Rural District	Shahdad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clark Regional Airport (ICAO: KJVY, FAA LID: JVY) is a public use airport in Clark County, Indiana, United States.	Clark Regional Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobbellapadu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Bobbellapadu	Krishna district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madhuranthaganallur is a village located in the Keerapalayam panchayath, Chidambaram taluk, Cuddalore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Madhuranthaganallur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverfront Plaza/Belvedere is a public area on the Ohio River in Downtown Louisville, Kentucky, USA.	Riverfront Plaza/Belvedere	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rashgund (Persian: رشگوند‎, also Romanized as Rashgūnd; also known as Rashgand and Rashkand) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Rashgund	Dasht-e Bil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frick Art & Historical Center is a cluster of museums and historical buildings located at 7227 Reynolds Street, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States and formed around the Frick family's nineteenth-century residence known as ``Clayton''.	Frick Art & Historical Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLFA (91.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary Christian music format to Asheville, North Carolina and the surrounding area.	WLFA	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangen is a village lying near the shores of Mjøsa in the municipality of Stange, Norway.	Tangen	Stange
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atna Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Atna Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York County Lawyers' Association Building at 14 Vesey Street between Broadway and Church Street in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City was built in 1929-30 and was designed by noted architect Cass Gilbert in the English Georgian style for the Association, which was founded in 1908.	New York County Lawyers' Association	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kansas City metropolitan area is a 14-county metropolitan area anchored by Kansas City, Missouri that straddles the border between the U.S. states of Missouri and Kansas.	Kansas City metropolitan area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Film Exchange Building (FEB) is located in Detroit, Michigan and was built in 1926 for the distribution and booking of movies for the Detroit area.	Film Exchange Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ripne (Ukrainian: Ріпне) is a village in the Rozhniativ Raion, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine.	Ripne	Rozhniativ Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogdańczowice (bɔɡdaɲt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bogdańczowice	Gmina Kluczbork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Degana is a city and a municipality and tehsil located in the Nagaur district of Rajasthan, India.	Degana	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brolo (Sicilian: Brolu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) east of Palermo and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of Messina.	Brolo	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ligota Dobrodzieńska (liˈɡɔta dɔbrɔˈd͡ʑeɲska) (German: Ellguth Guttentag) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ligota Dobrodzieńska	Gmina Dobrodzień
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iliamna Lake or Lake Iliamna is a lake in southwest Alaska, at the north end of the Alaska Peninsula, between Kvichak Bay and Cook Inlet, about 100 miles (160 km) west of Seldovia, Alaska.	Iliamna Lake	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Ahmadi (Persian: حاجي احمدي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Aḩmadī, Hāji Ahmadi, and Hājī Ahmadi; also known as Ḩājjī Aḩmad) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hajji Ahmadi	Dasht-e Laleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bielnik Pierwszy (ˈbjɛlnik ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bielnik Pierwszy	Gmina Elbląg
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Luis de Gaceno (Spanish pronunciation: (san lwis ðe ɣaˈseno)) is a town and municipality in Boyacá Department, Colombia, part of the subregion of the Neira Province.	San Luis de Gaceno	Boyacá Department	Neira Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hugus Hardware store, also known as Shively Hardware, is a significant structure in downtown Saratoga, Wyoming.	Hugus Hardware	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colorado School of Mines Geology Museum is a geology museum based in the Colorado School of Mines, Golden, Colorado, USA.	Colorado School of Mines Geology Museum	Golden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magic Springs and Crystal Falls is an amusement park and water park located in Hot Springs, Arkansas, about 50 miles from Little Rock.	Magic Springs and Crystal Falls	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Seco Recreational Park is a recreational area located in the California Central Valley near the Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station in Herald, California.	Rancho Seco Recreational Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schloss Hollenburg (Slovene: Humberk) is a medieval castle near Köttmannsdorf in Carinthia, Austria.	Schloss Hollenburg	Köttmannsdorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andlu, also written as Aandlu or Andloo, is a small to medium-sized village in the Punjab state of India.	Andlu	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunchang County is one of four counties of Hainan Province, People's Republic of China.	Tunchang County	Hainan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkabo School, in Alkabo, North Dakota, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 7, 2010 with registration number 10000997.	Alkabo School	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanging Rock, also known as Bear's Paw (Yonah‑wayah in Cherokee), is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country, next to the town of Seven Devils.	Bear's Paw	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuźnica Katowska (kuʑˈnit͡sa kaˈtɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kuźnica Katowska	Gmina Popielów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Szydłowiecka (ˈvɔla ʂɨdwɔˈvjɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Szydłowiecka	Gmina Bolimów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dempsey Store was a hardware store built in 1860 at the northwest corner of Yonge Street and Sheppard Avenue, in North York, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Dempsey Store	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Place des Ternes is a square in the 8th and 17th arrondissements of Paris, at the junction of Avenue de Wagram, Boulevard de Courcelles, Rue du Faubourg-Saint-Honoré and Avenue des Ternes.	Place des Ternes	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelendri (Greek: Πελένδρι) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus.	Pelendri	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Sydney is a historical collection and exhibit, built on the ruins of the house of New South Wales' first Governor, Arthur Phillip, on the present-day corner of Phillip and Bridge Street, Sydney.	Museum of Sydney	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niewistka (ɲeˈvʲistka) (Ukrainian: Невістка, Nevistka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Niewistka	Gmina Dydnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górniki (ɡurˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Górniki	Gmina Radoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronson Methodist Hospital is a 404-bed non-profit teaching hospital located in downtown Kalamazoo, Michigan, USA, and is a Level I trauma center.	Bronson Methodist Hospital	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qadirpur (Persian: قديرپور‎, also Romanized as Qadīrpūr) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qadirpur	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ojnowrd (Persian: اجنورد‎, also Romanized as Ojnūrd and Ūjnūrd) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ojnowrd	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peterborough Business Airport (ICAO: EGSF) is a privately owned airfield in the English county of Cambridgeshire near the villages of Holme and Conington, 7 NM (13 km; 8.1 mi) south of Peterborough.	Peterborough Business Airport	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fargush (Persian: فرگوش‎, also Romanized as Fargūsh; also known as Farkūsh) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Fargush	Aghmiyun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballujeh Mirak (Persian: باللوجه ميرك‎, also Romanized as Bāllūjeh Mīrak; also known as Bāllūjeh and Būlūjeh) is a village in Meshgin-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ballujeh Mirak	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staszów County (Polish: powiat staszowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, south-central Poland.	Staszów County	Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fuorn Pass or Ofen Pass (Romansh: Pass dal Fuorn, German: Ofenpass, Italian: Passo del Forno) (el. 2149 m.) is a high alpine mountain pass in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Fuorn Pass	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Königshofen im Grabfeld is a small spa town in the Rhön-Grabfeld district, in the north east of Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany on the Franconian Saale a few kilometers from the border with Thuringia.	Bad Königshofen	Rhön-Grabfeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Granville Congregational Church and Parsonage is a historic church and parsonage at 7179 NY 149 in Granville, New York.	South Granville Congregational Church and Parsonage	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	McLaughlin Eastshore State Park is jointly managed by the California State Parks and East Bay Regional Park District.	McLaughlin Eastshore State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thaketa Township (Burmese: သာကေတ မြို့နယ်, pronounced: (θàkèta̰ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in the eastern part of Yangon, Myanmar.	Thaketa Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikuleč (German Nikl) is a village and municipality (obec) in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Mikuleč	Svitavy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linton railway station was a railway station in Linton, Cambridgeshire on the Stour Valley Railway.	Linton railway station	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Edison High School of Technology (often referred to as Thomas Edison or Edison) is a public vocational/technical high school located in Wheaton, an unincorporated section of Montgomery County, Maryland.	Thomas Edison High School of Technology	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suomussalmi (Russian: Суомуссалми) is a municipality in Finland and is located in the Kainuu region.	Suomussalmi	Kainuu
located in the administrative territorial entity	While Côte de Nuits consists of vineyards located on or close to the main Côte d'Or escarpment, Hautes-Côtes de Nuits covers the area on top of the escarpment, and the adjacent area of various valleys and slopes.	Hautes-Côtes de Nuits	Côte d'Or
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitesand First Nation is an Ojibway First Nation reserve in Northern Ontario, Canada.	Whitesand First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallworthy (Cornish: Halworgi) is a hamlet in the parish of Treneglos, Cornwall, England.	Hallworthy	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collon (Irish: Collann) is a village and townland in the south west corner of County Louth, Ireland, on the N2 national primary road.	Collon	County Louth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koakoa is a small town in the Solenzo Department of Banwa Province in western Burkina Faso.	Koakoa	Solenzo Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Espigi (Persian: اسپيگي‎, also Romanized as Espīgī, Espegī, and Ispigi; also known as Aspakī) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Espigi	Barakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiangongying Township (Chinese: 天宫营乡) is a township-level division of Xinji, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Tiangongying Township	Xinji
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koniaczów (kɔˈɲat͡ʂuf) (Ukrainian: Конячів, Koniachiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Koniaczów	Gmina Jarosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudabad-e Kashantu (Persian: محمودابادكاشانتو‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Kāshāntū; also known as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mahmudabad-e Kashantu	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The area also has deposits of arsenic and antimony ore which were mined during World War I and World War II. The Nightingale Mountains are named for Alanson W. Nightingill who was Captain of Company C during the 1860 Paiute War and later the first state controller of Nevada.	Nightingale Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mercat del Born is a former public market and one of the most important buildings in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain constructed with iron.	Mercat del Born	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James L. Lawther House is an octagon house in Red Wing, Minnesota, United States.	James L. Lawther House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Tłokinia (ˈnɔva twɔˈkiɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Tłokinia	Gmina Opatówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zudan (Persian: زودان‎, also Romanized as Zūdān) is a village in Garkan Rural District, Garkan-e Jonubi District, Mobarakeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Zudan	Garkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzelak (Persian: برزلك‎, also Romanized as Barzaleh, Barzeh Lak, and Barzeleh) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Barzelak	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Walnut River Pratt Truss Bridge is a Pratt truss bridge constructed shortly after 1885, in Bois d'Arc, Kansas.	Little Walnut River Pratt Truss Bridge	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQRK (99.7 FM, ``Q Country 99.7'') is a commercial radio station in Pablo, Montana, USA, broadcasting to the Kalispell-Flathead Valley area of Montana.	KQRK	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayshore Shopping Centre is a major shopping mall located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, more specifically in Bayshore in the former city of Nepean, Ontario.	Bayshore Shopping Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westerham is a town and civil parish in the Sevenoaks District of Kent.	Westerham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saffal Band (Persian: سفال بند‎, also Romanized as Saffāl Band and Safāl Band) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Saffal Band	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowell Junior/Senior High School (Oregon) is a public junior/senior high school in Lowell, Oregon, United States.	Lowell Junior/Senior High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malcolm X and Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial and Educational Center is a memorial to Malcolm X and Betty Shabazz located at 3840 Broadway and West 165th Street in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, the building which once housed the Audubon Ballroom, where Malcolm X was assassinated on February 21, 1965.	Malcolm X and Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial and Educational Center	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Michael-Albertville High School (also referred to as ``STMA High School'') is a public high school located in St. Michael, Minnesota with the school motto ``Excellence is our tradition''.	St. Michael-Albertville High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2012 UK Open Qualifier 1 was the first of eight 2012 UK Open Darts Qualifiers which was held at the K2 Centre in Crawley on Saturday 11 February.	2012 UK Open Qualifier 1	Crawley
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Paul's Chapel, or ``The Little Chapel That Stood'', is an Episcopal chapel located at 209 Broadway, between Fulton Street and Vesey Street, in Lower Manhattan, New York City.	St. Paul's Chapel	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunbar Hotel, originally known as the Hotel Somerville, was the focal point of the Central Avenue African-American community in Los Angeles, California, during the 1930s and 1940s.	Dunbar Hotel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roswell Butler Hard House is a House located in Antioch, California owned by the City of Antioch, California.	Roswell Butler Hard House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusibórz (ruˈɕibuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rusibórz	Gmina Dominowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardwold was the residence of Sir John Craig Eaton and Lady Eaton of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Ardwold	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Kutai Regency (Indonesian: Kutai Barat) is a regency in the Indonesian province of East Kalimantan.	West Kutai Regency	East Kalimantan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hulda Klager Lilac Gardens (7 acres) are nonprofit botanical gardens specializing in lilacs, located at 115 South Pekin Road, Woodland, Washington.	Hulda Klager Lilac Gardens	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borai (Persian: برايي‎, also Romanized as Borā’ī and Berā’ī; also known as Berā and Deh-e Berey) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Borai	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Currency Creek Arboretum (CCA; or Currency Creek Arboretum Eucalypt Research Centre) is located in South Australia near the geographical feature and small town of Currency Creek, up from the mouth of the Murray River at Goolwa, and south of Adelaide.	Currency Creek Arboretum	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puutori (Finnish), Trätorget (Swedish, lit. ``wood market square'') is a market square in the city centre of Turku, Finland.	Puutori	Turku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Gold Coast is the name of a historic district in south Omaha, Nebraska.	Old Gold Coast	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nevcehle (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnɛftsɛɦlɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Nevcehle	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moscone Recreation Center is a park located between Chestnut Street and Bay Street, Laguna Street and Webster Street in San Francisco's Marina District.	Moscone Recreation Center	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	China Resources Building (華潤大廈) is a 48-floor office building located at 26 Harbour Road in Wan Chai North, Hong Kong.	China Resources Building	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capital Area School for the Arts (CASA) is a 9th to 12th grade, public charter school located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Capital Area School for the Arts	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel Gridley and Julia Ward Howe House is a historic rowhouse at 13 Chestnut Street in the Beacon Hill neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Samuel Gridley and Julia Ward Howe House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Granite Run Mall was a double-level shopping mall located on U.S. Route 1 in Middletown Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, a western suburb of Philadelphia.	Granite Run Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Barcząckie (ˈbudɨ barˈt͡ʂɔnt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Barcząckie	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thieu is a village in the Belgian province of Hainaut, and a part (deelgemeente) of the municipality Le Rœulx.	Thieu	Le Rœulx
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siliana Governorate (Tunisian Arabic: ولاية سليانة‎ Wilāyat Silyānah pronounced (ˌsɪlˈjæːnæ)) is one of the twenty-four governorates (provinces) of Tunisia.	Siliana Governorate	Tunisia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esther Short Park is a public park and town square located in downtown Vancouver, Washington.	Esther Short Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkheh Sang (Persian: سرخه سنگ‎; also known as Sorkh Sang) is a village in Darram Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sorkheh Sang	Darram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kautz Creek is a tributary of the Nisqually River, flowing from the Kautz Glacier, with its watershed in the Mount Rainier National Park of Washington.	Kautz Creek	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musicians' Hall of Fame and Museum at Nashville Municipal Auditorium (formerly and still commonly known as Nashville Municipal Auditorium) is an indoor sports and concert venue in Nashville, Tennessee, which also houses the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum.	Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum	Nashville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh Zenyan (Persian: خانه زنيان‎, also Romanized as Khāneh Zenyān and Khāneh-ye Zenyān; also known as Khān-e Zenyān and Khān-i-Ziniān) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khaneh Zenyan	Qarah Chaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łososkowice (wɔsɔskɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łososkowice	Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Araluen-Wungong Important Bird Area is a 123 km2 tract of land in the Darling Ranges on the south-eastern fringe of the city of Perth, Western Australia.	Araluen-Wungong Important Bird Area	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stołuńsko (stɔˈwuɲskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stołuńsko	Gmina Lipka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltimore Hundred is a hundred in the southeastern section of Sussex County, Delaware, United States.	Baltimore Hundred	Sussex County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banca Marche Palace ( or PalaRossini) is an indoor sports arena, located in Ancona, Italy.	PalaRossini	Ancona
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Kilworth is a village and civil parish in the southern part of Leicestershire, England, south of North Kilworth.	South Kilworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazan Khvast (Persian: گزان خواست‎, also Romanized as Gazān Khvāst; also known as Gazān Khodāst, Jazānkhāş, and Jazān Khvāş) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gazan Khvast	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalman Rud (Persian: چلمانرود‎, also Romanized as Chalmān Rūd) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chalman Rud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Jones River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in central Delaware in the United States.	St. Jones River	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tentúgal is a parish of Montemor-o-Velho Municipality, Coimbra District, Portugal.	Tentúgal	Montemor-o-Velho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stolniki (stɔlˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stolniki	Gmina Cielądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer School House is a historic former school building at 3rd Avenue and Eagle Street in Anchorage, Alaska.	Pioneer School House	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budhwal is a village in the Mahendragarh district of the Indian state of Haryana near the state border with Rajasthan.	Budhwal	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranpur is a town located on the bank of the river Bhadar in Botad district, Gujarat, India.	Ranpur	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Peak Range is a mountain range in southwest Esmeralda County, Nevada.	Silver Peak Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żonqor Tower (Maltese: Torri taż-Żonqor), originally known as Torre di Zoncol, was a small watchtower near Żonqor Point, limits of Marsaskala, Malta.	Żonqor Tower	Marsaskala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Worcester Center Galleria, located in Downtown Worcester, Massachusetts, was a two level shopping mall which originally opened on July 29, 1971 as a part of the Worcester Center urban renewal project.	Worcester Center Galleria	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Lisbon Street Historic District encompasses part of the earlest commercial center of Lewiston, Maine.	Lower Lisbon Street Historic District	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gogebic Community College is a public two-year college located in Ironwood, Michigan, United States, and was founded as Ironwood Junior College in 1932.	Gogebic Community College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunne Municipality (Swedish: Sunne kommun) is a municipality in Värmland County in west central Sweden.	Sunne Municipality	Värmland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curtis R. Priem Experimental Media and Performing Arts Center (EMPAC) is a multi-venue arts center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York, which opened on October 3, 2008.	Experimental Media and Performing Arts Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miaoying Temple (simplified Chinese: 妙应寺; traditional Chinese: 妙應寺; pinyin: Miàoyìng Sì), also known as the ``White Stupa Temple'' (Chinese: 白塔寺; pinyin: Báitǎ Sì), is a Chinese Buddhist temple on the north side of Fuchengmennei Street in Xicheng District of Beijing.	Miaoying Temple	Xicheng District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plasmolen is a village in the municipality of Mook en Middelaar, in the province of Limburg in the Netherlands.	Plasmolen	Mook en Middelaar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isaac King House and Barn, located near Philomath, Oregon, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Isaac King House and Barn	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardechive (Scottish Gaelic: Àird Eachbhaidh) is a small crofting hamlet, located on the shores of Loch Arkaig, close to Achnasaul and Spean Bridge, county of Inverness-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Ardechive	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campbell Cemetery is a historic cemetery in rural southwestern Randolph County, Arkansas, southeast of Imboden near the Spring River.	Campbell Cemetery	Randolph County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdolabad-e Gardaneh (Persian: عبدل ابادگردنه‎, also Romanized as ``Abdolābād-e Gardaneh; also known as ``Abdolābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 661, in 166 families.	Abdolabad-e Gardaneh	Kahrizak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronaki-Olki (brɔˈnaki ˈɔlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bronaki-Olki	Gmina Jedwabne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stillhouse Hollow Falls State Natural Area, located in Summertown, is a natural area in Maury County, Tennessee.	Stillhouse Hollow Falls State Natural Area	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sineu is a municipality in central Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.	Sineu	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lukolayeh (Persian: لوكلايه‎, also Romanized as Lūkolāyeh) is a village in Divshal Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lukolayeh	Divshal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gah (Persian: چشمه گاه‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gāh and Chashmehgāh) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Gah	Atrak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Labette Community College is a two-year accredited college located in Parsons, Kansas, United States.	Labette Community College	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kentstown (Irish: Baile an Cheantaigh) is a village in County Meath in Ireland at the junction of the R153 and R150 regional roads.	Kentstown	County Meath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coos Art Museum is a museum in Coos Bay, operating on the southern coast of the U.S. state of Oregon since 1966.	Coos Art Museum	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wall Arch was a natural sandstone arch in the Arches National Park in the U.S. state of Utah.	Wall Arch	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Hoseyn (Persian: نهرحسين‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Ḩoseyn) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Hoseyn	Abshar Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dekkhinathiri Township (Burmese: ဒက္ခိဏသီရိမြို့နယ်) is one of Naypyidaw Union Territory's eight townships, located south of Mandalay Region in Burma.	Dekkhinathiri Township	Naypyidaw Union Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	A partnership consisting of Historic Scotland, Scottish Borders Council, Scottish Natural Heritage, Archaeology Scotland, the Friends of Coldingham Priory, and the Tweed Forum was awarded a grant of £237,500 from HLF to conserve the ruins of Coldingham Priory and encourage community use of this fascinating site.	Coldingham Priory	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fitz Henry Lane House is a historic house at 8 Harbor Loop Road, on the harbor side of Rogers Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts.	Fitz Henry Lane House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelkan-e Sofla (Persian: پلكان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Pelkān-e Soflá) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pelkan-e Sofla	Hemmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port au Choix or Port aux Choix is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Port au Choix	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appalachian Ski Mountain is a ski area in the eastern United States, one of three ski mountains in the Watauga County area of western North Carolina.	Appalachian Ski Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chestnut Ridge Church is a nondenominational, evangelical megachurch in Morgantown, West Virginia.	Chestnut Ridge Church	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mississippi County Airport (ICAO: KCHQ, FAA LID: CHQ) is a public use airport in Mississippi County, Missouri, United States.	Mississippi County Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Aqeh (Persian: حسن اقه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Āqeh and Ḩasanāqeh; also known as Ḩasan Neh) is a village in Golmakan Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasan Aqeh	Golmakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rothwesten is a village in the municipality Fuldatal, in the Kassel district, Hesse, Germany.	Rothwesten	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fajada Butte is a butte in Chaco Culture National Historical Park, in northwest New Mexico.	Fajada Butte	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lih Kolam (Persian: ليه كلام‎, also Romanized as Līh Kolām; also known as Likolom) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lih Kolam	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frank G. Bloom House or Bloom Mansion is located in Trinidad, Colorado, USA, which is within Las Animas County.	Frank G. Bloom House	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thepperamanallur is a revenue village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Thepperamanallur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Indian Cemetery or ``Old Cemetery'' is an historic cemetery at 50 Cottage Street in West Brookfield, Massachusetts.	Old Indian Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	ETSU/Mountain States Health Alliance Athletic Center, previously known as the Memorial Center, and popularly referred to as the ``Mini-Dome'', is an 8,539-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of East Tennessee State University in Johnson City, Tennessee.	ETSU/Mountain States Health Alliance Athletic Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital is a hospital in the city of Santa Barbara, California.	Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ylikiiminki Church is an evangelical Lutheran church in Ylikiiminki, Oulu.	Ylikiiminki Church	Oulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saidabad is a major residential and commercial hub located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Saidabad	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Březiněves is a municipal district (městská část) and cadastral area (katastrální území) in Prague.	Březiněves	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yerba Buena Island sits in the San Francisco Bay between San Francisco and Oakland, California.	Yerba Buena Island	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bensheim-Auerbach station is a station on the Main-Neckar Railway in the Bensheim district of Auerbach on the Mountain Road in the German state of Hesse.	Bensheim-Auerbach station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somaqan (Persian: سماقان‎‎, also Romanized as Somāqān) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Somaqan	Nameh Shir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nandong (Chinese: 南董镇) is a township-level division of Gaocheng, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Nandong	Gaocheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alison Bay (Greenlandic: Kullorsuup Kangerlua) is a bay in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Alison Bay	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popki (ˈpɔpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Popki	Gmina Mały Płock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westheimer Road is an arterial east-west road in Houston, Texas, United States.	Westheimer Road	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andslimoen is a village along the river Målselva in the Målselvdalen valley in the western part of the municipality of Målselv, in Troms county, Norway.	Andslimoen	Målselv
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJEJ is licensed to Hagerstown, Maryland, serving Hagerstown and Eastern Washington County, Maryland.	WJEJ	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gittruper See is a lake in Münsterland, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Gittruper See	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Męczyn-Kolonia (ˈmɛnt͡ʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Męczyn-Kolonia	Gmina Mokobody
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel S. Schanck Observatory is a former astronomical observatory on the Queens Campus of Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey, United States.	Daniel S. Schanck Observatory	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockhal is a concert hall in Esch-sur-Alzette, in southern Luxembourg.	Rockhal	Esch-sur-Alzette
located in the administrative territorial entity	Labeshka (Persian: لبشكا‎, also Romanized as Labeshkā; also known as Lishak and Līshkā) is a village in Dehshal Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Labeshka	Dehshal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natkuh (Persian: نتكوه‎, also Romanized as Natkūh) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Natkuh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Esmaeil and Isaiah mausoleum(Persian: امامزاده اسماعیل و مسجد شعیا‎‎) is a historical complex in Isfahan, Iran, which dates back to the Seljuk and Safavid era.	Emamzadeh Esmaeil and Isaiah mausoleum	Isfahan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toomevara GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the parish of Toomevara in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Toomevara GAA	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jades (Persian: جدس‎, also Romanized as Jaddes; also known as Ḩadas and Jadīs) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jades	Deris Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballarat Christian College is an independent, co-educational P-12 day school located in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.	Ballarat Christian College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Anse-au-Clair is a town in the Labrador portion of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	L'Anse-au-Clair	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arkham Asylum is located on the outskirts of Gotham City and is where those of Batman's foes considered to be mentally ill are patients (other foes are incarcerated at Blackgate Penitentiary).	Arkham Asylum	Gotham City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spalding Catholic High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in Granville, Iowa.	Spalding Catholic High School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrest Park is a country estate located near Silsoe, Bedfordshire, England.	Wrest Park	Silsoe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terzorio (Ligurian: O Tresseu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) southwest of Genoa and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Imperia.	Terzorio	Province of Imperia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Free Library of Philadelphia is the public library system that serves Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Free Library of Philadelphia	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meguma terrane is a terrane exposed in southern Nova Scotia, that became joined to the present North American landmass as part of the Appalachian orogeny.	Meguma terrane	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jonathan Bowers House is a historic round house at 58 Wannalancit Street in Lowell, Massachusetts.	Jonathan Bowers House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de l'Homme (French, ``Museum of Man'') is an anthropology museum in Paris, France.	Musée de l'Homme	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedwieżyki (mʲɛdvʲɛˈʐɨkʲi) (Ukrainian: Медвежики, Medvezhyky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Miedwieżyki	Gmina Milejczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harry S. Truman Historic District, in Independence, Missouri is closely associated with US President Harry S. Truman and contains the residence where he lived for most of his time in Missouri as well as the Truman Presidential Library.	Harry S. Truman Historic District	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walgaon is a small town in Amravati district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Walgaon	Amravati district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mały Dólsk (ˈmawɨ ˈdulsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mały Dólsk	Gmina Drzycim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mierno (ˈmjɛrnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Moryń, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mierno	Gmina Moryń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parochialkirche (literally the Reformed parochial church) is a Reformed church in the Klosterviertel neighbourhood of the Mitte borough in Berlin.	Parochialkirche	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southeast Polk Community School District, or often shortened to SEP or SE Polk is a school district located in suburban Des Moines and rural Polk County, Iowa.	Southeast Polk Community School District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	MacEwan Glen (commonly known as MacEwan) is a suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	MacEwan Glen	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ochoco Dam is a dam in Central Oregon, 6 miles (9.7 km) east of Prineville in Crook County, Oregon, in the United States.	Ochoco Dam	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Mohasses (Persian: مزرعه محصص‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḥaṣseṣ) is a village in Palangabad Rural District, Palangabad District, Eshtehard County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mohasses	Palangabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Newnton is a civil parish in Wiltshire, England, 2.5 miles (4.0 km) southwest of Pewsey.	North Newnton	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valencia College is a public state college in Orlando, Florida, United States.	Valencia College	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelfiorentino is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany, halfway between Florence(30km) and Pisa(40km).	Castelfiorentino	Province of Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buffington Hotel is an historic hotel in Westville, Oklahoma, United States.	Buffington Hotel	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Main campus, Jonesboro, Arkansas Arkansas State University-Paragould, an instructional site of the Jonesboro campus Arkansas State University-Querétaro, A future campus planned to open in Querétaro, Mexico	Arkansas State University	Arkansas Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoorn (ˈɦoːr(ə)n) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Hoorn	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nokhvodkar (Persian: نخودكار‎, also Romanized as Nokhvodkār) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Nokhvodkar	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	King City Secondary School, or KCSS, is a secondary education facility in King City, Ontario, Canada.	King City Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gweek (Cornish: Gwig, meaning forest village) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Gweek	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ltsen (Armenian: Լծեն; also, Lizin, Lizhin, and Ltse) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Ltsen	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hashilan (Persian: هشيلان‎, also Romanized as Hashīlān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hashilan	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Living History Farms is a 500-acre open-air museum located in Urbandale, Iowa.	Living History Farms	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleinblittersdorf (Previously: Kleinbliederstroff) is a village and a municipality in the district of Saarbrücken, in Saarland, Germany.	Kleinblittersdorf	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Musa (Persian: حاجی موسی‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩājī Mūsá and Ḩājjī Mūsá) is a village in Saral Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hajji Musa	Saral Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singaluru is a hamlet of Chandrala in Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Singaluru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lock and Dam No. 13 is a lock and dam located on the Upper Mississippi River above Fulton, Illinois and Clinton, Iowa, United States.	Lock and Dam No. 13	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adult Diagnostic and Treatment Center (ADTC) is a secure correctional facility operated by the New Jersey Department of Corrections.	Adult Diagnostic and Treatment Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culebra Creek (also called Culebra River, Río de la Culebra or Río Culebra) is a stream in Costilla County, Colorado.	Culebra Creek	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warnant-Dreye is a sub-municipality in the municipality of Villers-le-Bouillet in the Province of Liège, Belgium, consisting of the villages Dreye and Warnant.	Warnant-Dreye	Villers-le-Bouillet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varkan (Persian: وركان‎, also Romanized as Varkān and Warkān) is a village in Golab Rural District, Barzok District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Varkan	Golab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bracken House is the residence of the President of Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana.	Bracken House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Valley Educational Center is an intentional community and ecovillage located on 87 acres (350,000 m2) acres of mostly forested land in Dexter, Oregon, United States, approximately 18 miles (29 km) miles southeast of Eugene.	Lost Valley Educational Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Dębowy (ˈlas dɛmˈbɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Las Dębowy	Gmina Łaziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Hamam (Persian: چنارحمام‎, also Romanized as Chenār Ḩamām and Chinār Hamām) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chenar Hamam	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradley International Airport (IATA: BDL, ICAO: KBDL, FAA LID: BDL) is a civil/military airport in Windsor Locks, Connecticut, in Hartford County, Connecticut.	Bradley International Airport	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baskeleh-ye Garmeh (Persian: باسكله گرمه‎, also Romanized as Bāskeleh-ye Garmeh; also known as Bāskeleh Garmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Baskeleh-ye Garmeh	Zarneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajin Dojin (Persian: اجين دوجين‎, also Romanized as Ājīn Dojīn) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Ajin Dojin	Chendar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abezhdan-e Malmulil (Persian: ابژدان ملموليل‎, also Romanized as Ābezhdān-e Malmūlīl; also known as Ābezhdān-e Malmūlīn) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abezhdan-e Malmulil	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lao Yao (Thai: เหล่ายาว) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ban Hong District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 9641 people.	Lao Yao	Ban Hong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sapanca is a town and district in the Sakarya Province in the Marmara region of Turkey near Lake Sapanca.	Sapanca	Sakarya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muruk (Persian: موروك‎, also Romanized as Mūrūk; also known as Marūk, Merūk, Morūk, Mowrak, and Mūrak) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Muruk	Vardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Litewniki (ˈstarɛ litɛvˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Litewniki	Gmina Sarnaki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Preston's Crossing is a diminutive intermediate request stop on the outskirts of Laxey on the Isle of Man forming part of the Manx Electric Railway route to the northern town of Ramsey.	Preston's Crossing	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belogradchik Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Белоградчик) is a municipality (obshtina) in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the western parts of the so called Fore-Balkan area.	Belogradchik Municipality	Vidin Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kottapadi is a gateway of Guruvayur town in the district of Thrissur, Kerala, South India.	Kottapadi	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seashore Trolley Museum, located in Kennebunkport, Maine, United States, is the world's oldest and largest museum of mass transit vehicles.	Seashore Trolley Museum	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKAU-FM is a French language First Nations community radio station that operates at 104.5 FM in Maliotenam, Quebec.	CKAU-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oviatt Library (Delmar T. Oviatt Library) serves the California State University, Northridge (CSUN) campus, located in Northridge district of the northern San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles, California.	Oviatt Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbus North High School (CNHS) is one of the public high schools located in Columbus, Indiana.	Columbus North High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aspotogan Peninsula is a peninsula in the eastern part of Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia, separating St. Margarets Bay in the east from Mahone Bay in the west.	Aspotogan Peninsula	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roma San Pietro railway station (Italian: Stazione di Roma San Pietro) is a major station serving the city and comune of Rome, Italy.	Roma San Pietro railway station	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nisga'a Highway (Highway 113) is a highway in the Regional District of Kitimat-Stikine in British Columbia.	Nisga'a Highway	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Église Saint-Bonaventure is one of the churches of the quarter Presqu'île, located on the Place des Cordeliers, in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	Église Saint-Bonaventure	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Geh-ye Sardasht (Persian: كلگه سردشت‎; also known as Kal Gah and Kal Geh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kal Geh-ye Sardasht	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pernå is located in the province of Southern Finland and was part of the Eastern Uusimaa region.	Pernå	Eastern Uusimaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crawfordjohn (Scottish Gaelic: Creamhain Eòin) is a small village and civil parish located in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Crawfordjohn	South Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFMS-FM, branded as 105.9 The Region, is a new FM radio station, transmitting at 105.9 MHz from Markham, Ontario, Canada.	CFMS-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Framingham State University (FSU) is located in Framingham, Massachusetts, United States, 20 miles from Boston.	Framingham State University	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	HMCS Malahat is a training establishment for part-time sailors as well as a local recruitment centre for the Canadian Naval Reserve in Victoria, British Columbia.	HMCS Malahat	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deptford Mall is a major shopping destination in Deptford Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.	Deptford Mall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilcombe is a hamlet and civil parish in Dorset, England, situated in the West Dorset administrative district about 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Bridport and 10 miles (16 km) west of the county town, Dorchester.	Chilcombe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Terrace overlooks the south side of Regent's Park in Marylebone, City of Westminster, London, England.	York Terrace	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cluj-Napoca (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkluʒ naˈpoka)), commonly known as Cluj, is the second most populous city in Romania, after the national capital Bucharest, and the seat of Cluj County in the northwestern part of the country.	Cluj-Napoca	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suz (Persian: سوز‎, also Romanized as Sūz) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Suz	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bausen is a municipality in the Aran Valley, Catalonia, Spain, close to the French border.	Bausen	Aran
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Hope A.R.P. Church and Session House is a historic Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church building and Session House located near Winnsboro, Fairfield County, South Carolina.	New Hope A.R.P. Church and Session House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gümüşhane Province (Turkish: Gümüşhane ili ) is a province in northern Turkey, bordering Bayburt to the east, Trabzon to the north, Giresun and Erzincan to the west.	Gümüşhane Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flathead, part of Northwestern Montana, is a region of the U.S. state of Montana.	The Flathead	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serijan (Persian: سريجان‎, also Romanized as Serījān and Sīrjān; also known as Sar-i-Jub) is a village in Qohestan Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Serijan	Qohestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Threefoot Building (sometimes referred to as simply ``The Threefoot'') is a historic office building located in downtown Meridian, Mississippi named after the Threefoot family who owned an operated a business in downtown Meridian during the late 19th century and early 20th century.	Threefoot Building	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Kentwood High School (EKHS) is a public high school located just outside the city of Kentwood, Michigan, United States.	East Kentwood High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pixie Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country, in the community of Linville.	Pixie Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parzeh (Persian: پرزه‎) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Parzeh	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tripoli Shrine Temple is a Shriners temple located in the Concordia neighborhood of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Tripoli Shrine Temple	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dickinson Dam is a dam in Stark County, North Dakota, one and a half miles west of the town of Dickinson.	Dickinson Dam	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trinity Centre, formerly the Holy Trinity Church, in Lawrence Hill, Bristol is designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.	Trinity Centre	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Branch Rancocas Creek is a 21.7-mile-long (34.9 km) tributary of Rancocas Creek in Burlington County, New Jersey in the United States.	South Branch Rancocas Creek	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPCN-LP (95.9 FM, ``Radio Movimiento'') is a low-power FM radio station licensed to serve Woodburn, Oregon, USA.	KPCN-LP	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Molla Qorbani (Persian: سراب ملاقرباني‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Mollā Qorbānī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Molla Qorbani	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ewood Park is a football stadium in the English town of Blackburn, Lancashire, and is the home of Blackburn Rovers Football Club -- one of the founder members of the Football League and Premier League.	Ewood Park	Blackburn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delta National Forest is a U.S. National Forest in western Mississippi.	Delta National Forest	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canning College is an adult education centre located in Bentley, Western Australia.	Canning College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saifi Village is a residential upscale neighbourhood in Beirut, Lebanon.	Saifi Village	Beirut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inootrumangalam (ஐநூற்றுமங்கலம்) is a village in Karur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Inootrumangalam	Karur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjir Sikan-e Bala (Persian: انجيرسيكان بالا‎, also Romanized as Anjīr Sīkān-e Bālā) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Anjir Sikan-e Bala	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czumażówka (t͡ʂumaˈʐufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czumażówka	Gmina Czarna Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLLY-FM (99.5 FM, ``La Ley'') is a commercial radio station licensed to Palm Beach Gardens, Florida and serving the Greater West Palm Beach area.	WLLY-FM	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heris County (Persian: شهرستان هریس‎) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Heris County	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Chelsea Grammar School is located on Liberty Street in Chelsea, New York, United States.	Chelsea Grammar School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbyluty (zbɨˈlutɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zbyluty	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Staples, Minnesota, USA, the station is owned by Hubbard Broadcasting, Inc., through licensee HBI Radio Brainerd/Wadena, LLC. Hubbard Broadcasting announced on November 13, 2014 that it would purchase the Omni Broadcasting stations, including KNSP.	KNSP	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ollersett is an area of New Mills, Derbyshire, England, about 0.5 miles (0.80 km) northeast of the town centre, between St. George's Road and High Hill Road.	Ollersett	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orchard Square is a small open-air court shopping centre located in Sheffield, England.	Orchard Square	Sheffield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odagaon(Odia: ଓଡଗାଁ) is a small town in the Nayagarh district of the Indian state of Odisha.it is also known as 2nd srikhetra.	Odagaon	Nayagarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podzborów (pɔd͡zˈbɔruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Podzborów	Gmina Ceków-Kolonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John C. Boyle Dam is a hydroelectric dam located in southern Oregon, United States.	John C. Boyle Dam	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łodzinka Górna (wɔˈd͡ʑiŋka ˈɡurna) (Ukrainian: Лодинка-Горішня) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Łodzinka Górna	Gmina Bircza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chu Chua Cottonwood Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 80km north of Kamloops and incorporating a group of forested islands in the floodplain of the North Thompson River.	Chu Chua Cottonwood Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanganeh Ganjeh (Persian: زنگنه گنجه‎) is a village in Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zanganeh Ganjeh	Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allestree is a suburb and ward of the city of Derby, a unitary authority area, in Derbyshire, England.	Allestree	Derby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hisarönü is a tourist resort village in the Fethiye district of the Muğla Province of Turkey.	Hisarönü	Muğla Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sussex County Community College (also known by its acronym SCCC) is a co-educational, two-year, public, community college located in the town of Newton in Sussex County, New Jersey in the United States.	Sussex County Community College	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sundberg Block is a commercial building located at 517--523 Iron Street in Negaunee, Michigan, USA.	Sundberg Block	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City Centre Aquatic Complex is an indoor aquatic centre featuring an Olympic size swimming pool in the Town Centre area of Coquitlam, British Columbia.	City Centre Aquatic Complex	Coquitlam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wisp Ski Resort is located next to Deep Creek Lake in the town of McHenry in Garrett County, Maryland.	Wisp Ski Resort	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr-e Ayisi Ayzadi (Persian: موتورعيسي ايزدي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAyīsī Ayzadī) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ayisi Ayzadi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place du Louvre is immediately to the east of the Palais du Louvre in Paris, France.	Place du Louvre	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanuzi (Persian: هانوزي‎, also Romanized as Hānūzī and Honnezī) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hanuzi	Garmkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: تلمبه سيدمحمد‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Moḩammad) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Mohammad	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Martino in Pensilis is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northeast of Campobasso.	San Martino in Pensilis	Province of Campobasso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monsummano Terme is an comune located in the Province of Pistoia, Tuscany, central Italy.	Monsummano Terme	Province of Pistoia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slangenburg Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Slangenburg) is a castle in the municipality of Doetinchem in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands.	Slangenburg Castle	Doetinchem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McKinley National Memorial in Canton, Ohio, United States, is the final resting place of William McKinley, who served as the 25th President of the United States from 1897 to his assassination in 1901.	McKinley National Memorial	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral of Our Merciful Saviour in Faribault is the oldest cathedral in Minnesota.	Cathedral of Our Merciful Saviour	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vila de Gràcia (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈbiɫə ðə ˈɣɾasiə)), also known as Gràcia, is a neighborhood in the Gràcia district of Barcelona, Catalonia (Spain).	Vila de Gràcia	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washburn Tunnel is a two-lane underwater motor-vehicle tunnel connecting Galena Park and Pasadena, two suburbs of Houston, Texas.	Washburn Tunnel	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litembo is a village in Mbinga district in the Ruvuma Region of the Tanzanian Southern Highlands.	Litembo	Mbinga
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Total Museum of Contemporary Art (TMCA) is a non-profit museum in the Pyeongchang-dong district of Seoul, South Korea.	Total Museum of Contemporary Art	Pyeongchang-dong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roy Kidd Stadium is Eastern Kentucky University's football stadium in Richmond, Kentucky.	Roy Kidd Stadium	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rekaj (Persian: ركاج‎, also Romanized as Rekāj; also known as Rekāj Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rekaj	Lalehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmo Natali Student Center, commonly referred to as The Union, is the student union building centrally located on the campus of California University of Pennsylvania (CALU).	Elmo Natali Student Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deer Park Junior/Senior High School (DPHS) is a public high school located in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States, in the city of Deer Park.	Deer Park Junior/Senior High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahiti (/təˈhiːti/; French pronunciation: ​(taˌiti)) is the largest island in the Windward group of French Polynesia; this overseas collectivity of the French Republic is sometimes referred to as an overseas country.	Tahiti	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott Arboretum (357 acres) is an arboretum located on the campus of Swarthmore College, 500 College Avenue, Swarthmore, Pennsylvania.	Scott Arboretum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chashu (Persian: چشو‎, also Romanized as Chashū) is a village in Kuhak Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chashu	Kuhak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yellowhead Highway is a major east-west highway connecting the four western Canadian provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba.	Yellowhead Highway	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nelson Family Farm is a historic farm property on Shackley Hill Road in Livermore, Maine.	Nelson Family Farm	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magna Community Baptist Church (also known as Magna Community Church) is a historic church at 2916 S. 8900 West in Magna, Utah.	Magna Community Baptist Church	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O'Neill Building is a landmarked former department store, located at 655-671 Sixth Avenue between West 20th and 21st Streets in the Flatiron District neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	O'Neill Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dakshin Jhapardaha is a census town under Domjur police station in Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Dakshin Jhapardaha	Howrah district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shandaken Tunnel is a tunnel in Eastern New York State, part of the New York City water supply system.	Shandaken Tunnel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shatoysky District (Russian: Шатойский райо́н; Chechen: Шуьйтан кӏошта) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifteen in the Chechen Republic, Russia.It is located in the south of the republic.	Shatoysky District	Chechen Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEQX (89.7 FM, ``Pure Country'') is a noncommercial radio station licensed to Stephenville, Texas, USA broadcasting a classic country music format.	KEQX	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ham Polo Club is a Hurlingham Polo Association Polo Club situated in Richmond in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, southwest London, England.	Ham Polo Club	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phelps Mill is a flour mill in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States, on the Otter Tail River.	Phelps Mill	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Press Castle is a village with 17th-century manor house and country estate in the Scottish Borders, 2m (3 km) west of Coldingham, by the Ale Water.	Press Castle	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackness Castle is a 15th-century fortress, near the village of Blackness, Scotland, on the south shore of the Firth of Forth.	Blackness Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narrows Dam is a dam located 6 miles north of Murfreesboro, Arkansas, that impounds the water of the Little Missouri River (Arkansas) to create Lake Greeson.	Narrows Dam	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunters Green or Hunter's Green is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, Florida.	Hunters Green	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bombay House is a historic privately owned building in Fort, Mumbai that serves as the head office of the Tata Group.	Bombay House	Mumbai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leath Correctional Institution (LCIW) is a South Carolina Department of Corrections prison for women located in unincorporated Greenwood County, South Carolina, near Greenwood.	Leath Correctional Institution	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milenkowce (milɛŋˈkɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Milenkowce	Gmina Kuźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilchurn Castle is a ruined 15th and 17th century structure on a rocky peninsula at the northeastern end of Loch Awe, in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Kilchurn Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lusajny (luˈsai̯nɨ) (German: Luzeinen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lusajny	Gmina Łukta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przebieczany (pʂɛbjɛˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupice, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przebieczany	Gmina Biskupice
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIXQ (102.5 FM, ``KIX 102.5'') is a country music formatted radio station licensed in Joplin, Missouri, and is owned by the Zimmer Radio, Inc. It is the third radio station in the four-state area to multicast in HD Radio.	KIXQ	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kherwara Chhaoni is a census town and tehsil now sub-division (Upkhand) headquarters in Udaipur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Kherwara Chhaoni	Udaipur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The chapel of Our Lady Queen of Peace, or Foujita Chapel, was constructed in 1965-1966 at Reims, France.	Foujita Chapel	Reims
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolvandi (Persian: تلوندي‎, also Romanized as Tolvandī; also known as Tāvandī) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tolvandi	Sarfaryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuen Long Highway (Chinese: 元朗公路; pinyin: Yuánlǎng Gōnglù; Cantonese Yale: yun4 long5 gung1 lou6) is a Hong Kong road connecting Au Tau in Yuen Long and Lam Tei in Tuen Mun of New Territories.	Yuen Long Highway	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vembakkam is a village town panchayat situated in the Thiruvannamalai district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vembakkam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Llano de Buena Vista was a 8,446-acre (34.18 km2) Mexican land grant in the Salinas Valley, in present-day Monterey County, California, given in 1823 by Governor Luís Antonio Argüello to José Mariano Estrada.	Rancho Llano de Buena Vista	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasem (Persian: لاسم‎, also Romanized as Lāsem and Lasm; also known as Lishan) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lasem	Bala Larijan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Range is a mountain range of Utah east of the Thomas caldera.	Thomas Range	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salmonsdam Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in the Overberg region of the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Salmonsdam Nature Reserve	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Springs Elks' Lodge No. 624, also known as Elks' Lodge and denoted 848SW7692, is a historic building located in Rock Springs, Wyoming.	Rock Springs Elks' Lodge No. 624	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ultimate Soccer Arenas is an indoor soccer-specific stadium in Pontiac, Michigan.	Ultimate Soccer Arenas	Pontiac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Råkvåg, (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈrɔkˌʋɔg)) or Råkvågen is a village in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Råkvåg	Rissa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarasota Army Air Field, was a World War II United States Army Air Force located 4.4 miles north-northwest of Sarasota, Florida.	Sarasota Army Air Field	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Chareh Seh (Persian: چم چره سه‎, meaning ``Cham Chareh 3'') is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Chareh Seh	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grenora Centennial Airport (FAA LID: 7N6) is a city-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) northeast of the central business district of the City of Grenora, in Williams County, North Dakota, United States.	Grenora Centennial Airport	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad & Transportation Museum is a transport museum and heritage railroad located in Nevada City, California.	Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osceola National Forest is a National Forest located in Florida.	Osceola National Forest	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGVC-LP (94.1 FM, ``Flashback 94'') was a radio station licensed to Des Moines, Iowa, USA and serving the Grand View University area.	KGVC-LP	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kusehlar-e Sofla (Persian: كوسه لرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūsehlar-e Soflá; also known as Kūsālār-e Soflá and Kūsehlar) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kusehlar-e Sofla	Zarrineh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commerce Tower is a 30-story Skyscraper located in Downtown Kansas City, Missouri, USA.	Commerce Tower	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heath Charnock is a small village and civil parish of the Borough of Chorley in Lancashire, England.	Heath Charnock	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	İmamoğlu is a city and district in Adana Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey, a small agricultural community on a small plain in the hills between the cities of Adana and Kozan, 45 km from Adana, 27 km from Kozan.	İmamoğlu	Adana Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad Ganji (Persian: اميرابادگنجي‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād Ganjī; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Amirabad Ganji	Qomrud Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion-Thannhausen was a county located in and around Thannhausen in western Bavaria, Germany.	Stadion-Thannhausen	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmelo is municipality in southeast Goiás state, Brazil.	Palmelo	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	Packard Motor Car Showroom and Storage Facility is a historic automobile showroom located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Packard Motor Car Showroom and Storage Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamaria is a village in Rewari mandal of the Rewari district, in the Indian state of Haryana.	Mamaria	Rewari district	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zama Lake is a large lake in the Mackenzie County, in north-western Alberta, Canada.	Zama Lake	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iduyeh (Persian: ايدويه‎, also Romanized as Īdūyeh) is a village in Posht Par Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Iduyeh	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omandur or Ommandur is a village in Tindivanam taluk of Villupuram district, Tamil Nadu.	Omandur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfanjeh (Persian: اسفنجه‎; also known as Isfanjeh and Esfanjak) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Esfanjeh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastgerd-e Dargaz (Persian: دستگرددرگاز‎, also Romanized as Dastgerd-e Dargāz) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dastgerd-e Dargaz	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Rafael Swell is a large geologic feature located in south-central Utah about 30 miles (48 km) west of Green River, Utah.	San Rafael Swell	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Najami Ghani Shaer (Persian: نجمي غني شاعر‎, also Romanized as Najamī Ghanī Shāʿer) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Najami Ghani Shaer	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capital Ward or Ward 17 (French: Quartier Capitale) is a city ward located in the centre of Ottawa, Ontario.	Capital Ward	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Draycot Cerne (Draycott) is a small village and former civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 3 miles (5 km) north of Chippenham.	Draycot Cerne	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossing Knob is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country, west from the community of Sugar Grove.	Crossing Knob	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozbórz (ˈrɔzbuʂ) (Ukrainian: Розбір, Rozbir) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Rozbórz	Gmina Przeworsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tampa Bay Executive Airport was a private airport located on State Road 54 in the town of Odessa, Florida.	Tampa Bay Executive Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Histon and Impington are villages in Cambridgeshire, England.	Histon and Impington	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donald Pollock House is a house in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States, that was built in 1957.	Donald Pollock House	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kompally is one of the fastest growing suburbs of Hyderabad, India which is located in the Qutubullapur Mandal of Ranga Reddy District The main approach to Kompally is the 250 feet, 6 Lane, NH 7 towards Nagpur and Kompally is just 10 km from Paradise, Secunderabad.	Kompally	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sassetti Chapel (Italian: Cappella Sassetti) is a chapel in the basilica of Santa Trinita in Florence, Italy.	Sassetti Chapel	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tehgak (Persian: ته گك‎; also known as Tegak) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tehgak	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fichtelberg (German pronunciation: (ˈfɪçtəlbɛɐ̯k)) is a mountain with two main peaks in the middle of the Ore Mountains in the east German state of Saxony, near the Czech border.	Fichtelberg	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stalewo (staˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stalewo	Gmina Markusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coulter Field (IATA: CFD, ICAO: KCFD, FAA LID: CFD) is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Bryan, in Brazos County, Texas, United States.	Coulter Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarakani-ye Pain (Persian: تركاني پائين‎, also Romanized as Tarākānī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Tarākānī-ye Soflá, Tarākānī, Tarkanj, and Tarkūnj) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tarakani-ye Pain	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghostlight Theatre (also known as Starry Night Theatre) is a theater company located in North Tonawanda, New York.	Ghostlight Theatre	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Kashkin (Persian: دره كشكين‎, also Romanized as Darreh Kashkīn) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Kashkin	Bazman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fyfield and Tubney is a civil parish in The Vale of White Horse district of Oxfordshire, England.	Fyfield and Tubney	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bangabad (Persian: بنگ‌آباد‎, also Romanized as Bangābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bangabad	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jenah Rural District (Persian: دهستان جناح‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Jenah District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jenah Rural District	Jenah District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tombuiyeh (Persian: تمبوئيه‎, also Romanized as Tombū’īyeh; also known as Tomū, Tomū’īyeh, and Yakh Mūr) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tombuiyeh	Bezenjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojtkowice (vɔi̯tkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wojtkowice	Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holiday World & Splashin' Safari (previously known as Santa Claus Land prior to 1984) is a combination theme park and water park, located near Interstate 64 and U.S. 231 in Santa Claus, Indiana, USA.	Holiday World & Splashin' Safari	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Candidoni (Greek: Anthedon) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Candidoni	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Air Power Park is an outdoor, roadside museum in Hampton, Virginia which recognizes Hampton's role in America's early space exploration and aircraft testing.	Air Power Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greely High School is a public high school for grades 9 to 12 located in Cumberland, Maine, United States.	Greely High School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirshahbaz (Persian: پيرشهباز‎, also Romanized as Pīrshahbāz) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pirshahbaz	Sarvelayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carting Island is the largest of the four islands owned by Stratford, Connecticut in the Housatonic River between I-95 and the Merritt Parkway.	Carting Island	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalin-Kolonia (ˈxalin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Chalin-Kolonia	Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooper Estates is a subdivision community in Northeastern Madison County, Alabama, and is in the United States.	Cooper Estates	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXGO (94.1 FM) is a radio station in Hydesville, California and serves the Eureka area and airs a sports format and is owned by Lost Coast Communications, Inc.	KXGO	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panimávida (in Mapudungun: ``hill of pumas'') is a village in the Chilean commune of Colbún, Linares Province, Maule Region.	Panimávida	Linares Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbucz (zbut͡ʂ) (Ukrainian: Збуч, Zbuch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zbucz	Gmina Czyże
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Acacia Demonstration Gardens is a public park in Henderson, Nevada that features many examples of how to landscape in a dry desert climate.	Acacia Demonstration Gardens	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chief Master at Arms House is a historic site in DeLand, Florida, United States.	Chief Master at Arms House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ulysses S. Grant Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington, D.C., honoring American Civil War general and U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant.	Ulysses S. Grant Memorial	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treguaco (Spanish pronunciation: (tɾeˈɣwako)), also spelled as Trehuaco ((tɾeˈwako)), is a Chilean city and commune in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.	Treguaco	Ñuble Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swan Land District is one of the land districts of Western Australia, which is located within the South West Division.	Swan Land District	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Hinksey is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire, England, immediately west of Oxford.	North Hinksey	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varallo Pombia is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont (Piemonte), located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northeast of Turin and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Novara.	Varallo Pombia	Province of Novara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Droszów (ˈdrɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Droszów	Gmina Trzebnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haliburton/Stanhope Municipal Airport, (TC LID: CND4), is located 6.9 nautical miles (12.8 km; 7.9 mi) northwest of Haliburton, Ontario, Canada.	Haliburton/Stanhope Municipal Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzęsna (ˈʐɛ̃sna) (formerly German Vorbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rzęsna	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	RiverFront Place Condos is a new condo development located along the riverfront in Downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	RiverFront Place Condos	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghuriana is a village in the Abohar block of the Fazilka district, in the state of Punjab, India.	Ghuriana	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fandango Pass (previously Lassen Pass; variants Lassen Cut-off, Lassen Horn) is a gap in the Warner Mountains of Modoc County, California, USA.	Fandango Pass	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Carolina State University (often referred to as SCSU) is a historically black university located in Orangeburg, South Carolina, United States.	South Carolina State University	Orangeburg, South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Zumwalt West High School, the third high school established in the Fort Zumwalt School District, is located in O'Fallon, Missouri.	Fort Zumwalt West High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehestan-e Pain (Persian: دهستان پایین‎‎, also Romanized as Dehestān-e Pā’īn or Dehesān-e Pāyīn) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dehestan-e Pain	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mhaswad is a town and a municipal council in the Maan taluka in the Satara district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Mhaswad	Satara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hal Scott Regional Preserve and Park is a 9,515-acre (38.51 km2) nature preserve located along the banks of the Econlockhatchee River in east Orange County, Florida, United States.	Hal Scott Regional Preserve and Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maddron Bald Trail is an American hiking trail in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park of Cocke County, Tennessee.	Maddron Bald Trail	Cocke County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wylan (ˈvɨlan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wylan	Gmina Boćki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yurd Tall-e Janboli (Persian: يوردتل جنبلي‎, also Romanized as Yūrd Tall-e Janbolī) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District, Kordian District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Yurd Tall-e Janboli	Kordian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bale Grist Mill State Historic Park is a California state park located in Napa County between St. Helena and Calistoga.	Bale Grist Mill State Historic Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Fork Little Kanawha River is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River, 48.1 miles (77.4 km) long, in west-central West Virginia in the United States.	West Fork Little Kanawha River	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vorous General Store is a historic general store in Fish Creek, Wisconsin.	Vorous General Store	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crank House, also known as Fair Oaks Ranch, is an 1882 Victorian style residence in Altadena, Los Angeles County, California.	Crank House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Homewood Museum is a historical museum located on the Johns Hopkins University campus in Baltimore, Maryland.	Homewood Museum	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poovarany is a village in Meenachil Pachayath, Palai, Kottayam district, Kerala, India.The name poovarany means jungle of flowers.	Poovarany	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Govareshk (Persian: گوارشك‎, also Romanized as Govāreshk, Gavāreshg, Gavāreshk, and Gavārishk) is a village in Darzab Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Govareshk	Darzab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passo Corese is a precinct of Fara in Sabina, 35 km from Rome, Italy.	Passo Corese	Fara in Sabina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feanwâlden (Dutch: Veenwouden) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Feanwâlden	Dantumadiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgar Allan Poe House and Museum, located at 203 North Amity St. in Baltimore, Maryland, is the former home of American writer Edgar Allan Poe in the 1830s.	Edgar Allan Poe House and Museum	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prado Reservoir is a reservoir in northwestern Riverside County and southwestern San Bernardino County, a couple of miles west of the city of Corona, in the U.S. state of California.	Prado Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seguam Island (Aleut: Saĝuugamax) is a small volcanic island in the Andreanof Islands group in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.	Seguam Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drummuir (Scottish Gaelic: Druim Iubhair) is a small village in Scotland, in the traditional county of Banffshire, and in the Moray council area.	Drummuir	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Washington Carver National Monument is a unit of the National Park Service located about two miles west of Diamond, Missouri; the national monument was founded on July 14, 1943, by Franklin Delano Roosevelt who dedicated $30,000 US to the monument.	George Washington Carver National Monument	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Champua is a notified area council in Kendujhar district in the state of Odisha, India.	Champua	Kendujhar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jakuby (jaˈkubɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jakuby	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poletyły (pɔlɛˈtɨwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Poletyły	Gmina Brańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Budy Radziejowskie (ˈstarɛ ˈbudɨ rad͡ʑɛˈjɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Budy Radziejowskie	Gmina Radziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fossil Butte National Monument is a United States National Monument managed by the National Park Service, located 15 miles (24 km) west of Kemmerer, Wyoming, USA.	Fossil Butte National Monument	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osnowo (ɔsˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Osnowo	Gmina Chełmno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merlyn G. Cook School, also known as the Merizo School, is a historic former school building on GU 4 in Merizo, Guam.	Merlyn G. Cook School	Merizo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snežnik Castle (Slovene: Grad Snežnik, German: Schloß Schneeberg) is a 13th-century castle located in the southwest part of the Lož Valley near the settlement of Kozarišče in the municipality of Loška Dolina, Slovenia.	Snežnik Castle	Kozarišče
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hausen bei Brugg (prior to 2003: Hausen) is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Hausen bei Brugg	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Museum of Oriental Art (Italian: Museo Nazionale d'Arte Orientale) is an important museum in Rome, Italy, dedicated to the arts of the Orient, from the Middle East to Japan.	National Museum of Oriental Art	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goriziyeh (Persian: گريزيه‎, also Romanized as Gorīzīyeh) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Goriziyeh	Sorkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arwarton or Erwarton is a small village and civil parish in the Babergh district of Suffolk, England.	Erwarton	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bishop Road Site in Campbell County, Wyoming is an archeological site along Piney Creek.	Bishop Road Site	Campbell County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unterallgäu is a Kreis (district) in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany.	Unterallgäu	Swabia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilberry (Scottish Gaelic: Cill Bheiridh) is a village in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Kilberry	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bash Mahalleh (Persian: باش محله‎, also Romanized as Bāsh Maḩalleh and Bāsh Maḩaleh) is a village in Sangar Rural District, in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bash Mahalleh	Sangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loring-Greenough House is the last surviving 18th century residence in Sumner Hill, a historic section of Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, a neighborhood of Boston.	Loring-Greenough House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varqaneh (Persian: ورقنه‎, also Romanized as Varghāneh and Warghaneh) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Varqaneh	Shakhenat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Grange Hall is an historic wooden Grange hall located in the village of Slatersville in the town of North Smithfield, Rhode Island.	Union Grange Hall	North Smithfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radlovići (Cyrillic: Радловићи) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Radlovići	Bosansko Grahovo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehqanabad-e Chulak (Persian: دهقان ابادچولك‎, also Romanized as Dehqānābād-e Chūlak; also known as Dehqānābād) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Dehqanabad-e Chulak	Tariq ol Eslam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuri Hayati (Persian: كوري حياتي‎, also Romanized as Kūrī Ḩayātī and Kūrīḩayātī) is a village in Kuri Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kuri Hayati	Kuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samtenling Gewog (Dzongkha: བསམ་གཏན་གླིང་) is a gewog (village block) of Sarpang District, Bhutan.	Samtenling Gewog	Sarpang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campo de Fútbol Municipal de Barreiro is an all-seater football stadium located in Lavadores, Vigo.	Municipal de Barreiro	Vigo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daren is a hamlet bach in the community of Trefeurig, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 73.2 miles (117.7 km) from Cardiff and 174.5 miles (280.8 km) from London.	Daren	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holme (Saxon: ``river island'') is a mansion located on Inner Circle by Regent's Park in the City of Westminster, London, England.	The Holme	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aigües (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈajɣwes), Spanish: Aguas de Busot) is a municipality in the comarca of Alacantí in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Aigües	Alacantí
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Payih (Persian: چاه پايه‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Pāyīh) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Payih	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oxford Casino is a casino in Oxford, Maine, owned and operated by Churchill Downs Inc. It has 848 slot machines and 22 table games.	Oxford Casino	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Kabud-e Qasem (Persian: ميان كبودقاسم‎, also Romanized as Mīān Kabūd-e Qāsem; also known as Kowkow, Kūkū, and Mīān Kabūd) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mian Kabud-e Qasem	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Schraalenburgh Church, also known as South Presbyterian Church, was founded 1723 in Bergenfield, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States as a Dutch reformed church, as an alternative place of worship, as the nearest church was located in Hackensack.	South Schraalenburgh Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opaka Duża (ɔˈpaka ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Opaka Duża	Gmina Czeremcha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenroy Specialist School provides education for students with physical disabilities from prep to year 12 in the northern region of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Glenroy Specialist School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birnbeck Pier is a pier situated on the Bristol Channel in Weston-super-Mare, North Somerset, England, approximately 18 miles (29 km) south west of Bristol.	Birnbeck Pier	North Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Confines is a town and municipality in the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia.	Confines	Santander Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington Mill Reservoir, known locally as Arlington Pond, is a 269-acre (109 ha) impoundment located in Rockingham County in southern New Hampshire, United States, in the town of Salem.	Arlington Mill Reservoir	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herbert H. Lehman High School is a public high school at 3000 East Tremont Avenue, in the Bronx, New York City, U.S.A. The school is named after former New York State Governor Herbert Henry Lehman (1878 -- 1963).	Herbert H. Lehman High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarczek (ˈtart͡ʂɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Tarczek	Gmina Pawłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samsung völlurinn also known as Stjörnuvöllur is a football stadium in Garðabær.	Stjörnuvöllur	Garðabær
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardak (Persian: ارداق‎, also Romanized as Ordak; also known as Ardad) is a city in and the capital of Dashtabi District, in Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ardak	Dashtabi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meager Creek is a creek in the southern Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada.	Meager Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beckett Park is a residential area and a large park in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Beckett Park	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louisville Public Library, or LPL, is located in Louisville, Ohio, United States.	Louisville Public Library	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manhattan Hill (Chinese: 曼克頓山) is a high-rise development located in the Lai Chi Kok district of Kowloon in Hong Kong, formerly Kowloon Motor Bus Lai Chi Kok Depot.	Manhattan Hill	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Partridge Cottage is a historic apartment house and cure cottage located at Saranac Lake, town of North Elba in Essex County, New York.	Partridge Cottage	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Windigo is a small lake on Star Island in northern Minnesota, United States.	Lake Windigo	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aristoi Classical Academy, formerly West Houston Charter School, is a state charter school in Katy, Texas.	Aristoi Classical Academy	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Qotbi (Persian: ده قطبي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Qoṭbī; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Qoṭbī) is a village in Javar Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Qotbi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilverstone is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk east of Thetford.	Kilverstone	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salado United Methodist Church is a historic church at Thomas Arnold Road and Church Street in Salado, Texas.	Salado United Methodist Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Baptist Church of Springdale, located in Springdale, is the largest church in the state of Arkansas.	First Baptist Church of Springdale	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fine Arts and Flower Building, Altamont Fairground, also known as Exhibition Hall, was built in 1896 as part of the Altamont Fairgrounds in Village of Altamont, New York, near Albany.	Fine Arts and Flower Building, Altamont Fairground	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świeciechów (ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Świeciechów	Gmina Mniszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Elster (German pronunciation: (ˌbaːt ˈɛlstɐ)) is a spa town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Bad Elster	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assiano is a rural district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 7 administrative division.	Assiano	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coaster II, also known as Quissett, is a two-masted sailing schooner moored at the far western end of the Main Pier at Mattson Lower Harbor Park, off Harbor Drive in Marquette, Michigan.	Coaster II	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat Kuchek-e Olya (Persian: قنات كوچكعليا‎, also Romanized as Qanāt Kūcheḵ-e ``Olyā) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families.	Qanat Kuchek-e Olya	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waszulki (vaˈʂulki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Waszulki	Gmina Nidzica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Aulin High Sierra Camp is an established campground--one of six High Sierra Camps--located in Glen Aulin next to the Tuolumne River in Yosemite National Park in California, in the Sierra Nevada.	Glen Aulin High Sierra Camp	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Census Bureau defines the Rochester, Minnesota Metropolitan Statistical Area as an area consisting of three counties in southeast Minnesota, anchored by the city of Rochester.	United States Census Bureau	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajeh Jarrah (Persian: خواجه جراح‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Jarrāḩ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Jarrah	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botanical Garden of the University of Zurich (German: Botanischer Garten der Universität Zürich) is a botanical garden in the Swiss city of Zurich.	Botanical Garden of the University of Zurich	Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grant (formerly One Museum Park West) is the companion structure to One Museum Park in the Near South Side community area (neighborhood) in Chicago, Illinois, USA.	The Grant	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calvert Cliffs State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area in Lusby, Calvert County, Maryland.	Calvert Cliffs State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nether Wasdale is a village in Cumbria, England, located in the Wasdale valley, near the River Irt and just over a mile to the west of the Wastwater lake.	Nether Wasdale	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaw Nature Reserve, formerly known as Shaw Arboretum, is a 2,400 acres (9.7 km2) private nature reserve located in Gray Summit, Missouri, that is operated as an extension of the Missouri Botanical Garden.	Shaw Nature Reserve	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clinton-Sherman Air Force Base (1954--1969) is a former United States Air Force Strategic Air Command base located near the town of Burns Flat in Washita County, Oklahoma, 15 miles (24 km) southwest of the city of Clinton, Oklahoma.	Clinton-Sherman Air Force Base	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stow of Wedale, or simply Stow, /ˈstaʊ/ is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, seven miles north of Galashiels.	Stow of Wedale	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abijah Thomas House is an historic octagon house located southwest of Marion, Virginia, United States, on VA 657.	Abijah Thomas House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hopewell Mills District is a historic district on Bay Street and Albro Avenue in Taunton, Massachusetts.	Hopewell Mills District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilburton Inn is a historic hotel, restaurant, and estate located in Manchester Village, Vermont.	Wilburton Inn	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located on Kharg Island is Kharg, the only city in the Kharg District.	Kharg Island	Kharg District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baramulla district is one of the 22 districts in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.	Baramulla district	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woolton (local /ˈwuːltən/), originally Much Woolton, is an affluent suburb of Liverpool, England and a Liverpool City Council Ward.	Woolton	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Los Angeles Center for Enriched Studies is a public university preparatory secondary school located on 18th Street between La Cienega Boulevard and Fairfax Avenue in the Faircrest Heights district of Los Angeles, California, on the former site of Louis Pasteur Middle School.	Los Angeles Center for Enriched Studies	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pé de Serra (Mountain Foot in English) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Bahia.	Pé de Serra	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stawidła (staˈvidwa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stawidła	Gmina Stegna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieńczykowo (pjɛɲt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pieńczykowo	Gmina Rajgród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahzavar (Persian: شهزوار‎, also Romanized as Shahzavār) is a village in Chashm Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Shahzavar	Chashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirabad-e Rigan (Persian: ميرابادريگان‎, also Romanized as Mīrābād-e Rīgān and Mīrābād Rīgān; also known as Mīrābād and Pīrābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mirabad-e Rigan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orange Park Mall is a shopping mall located in Bellair-Meadowbrook Terrace, an unincorporated suburban area just west of Orange Park, Florida, United States.	Orange Park Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJRV (93.3 FM, ``Big Jim 93.3'') is a radio station licensed to serve Wessington Springs, South Dakota serving the Huron-Mitchell area.	KJRV	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Magic of Disney Animation was a show and tour at Disney's Hollywood Studios, Florida.	The Magic of Disney Animation	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMWC is the student-run campus radio station of the University of Mary Washington in Fredericksburg, Virginia.	WMWC	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sasek Mały (ˈsasɛk ˈmawɨ) (German: Paterschobensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sasek Mały	Gmina Szczytno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Howe is a coastal headland in eastern Australia, forming the south-eastern end of the Black-Allan Line, a portion of the border between New South Wales and Victoria.	Cape Howe	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barnesville Petroglyph is a well-known petroglyph site in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Barnesville Petroglyph	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Sunapee Resort is a ski area and resort located in Mount Sunapee State Park in Newbury, New Hampshire, United States.	Mount Sunapee Resort	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Washington Transit Tunnel is an important public transportation link in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Mount Washington Transit Tunnel	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowlatkand (Persian: دولت كند‎; also known as Dowlatshāh) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dowlatkand	Khvor Khvoreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowarth is a hamlet about 2.5 miles (4 km) north of New Mills in the High Peak borough of Derbyshire, England.	Rowarth	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonud (Persian: بنود‎, also Romanized as Bonūd, Banood, and Banūd; also known as Bunūt) is a village in Chah-e Mobarak Rural District, Chah-e Mobarak District, Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bonud	Chah-e Mobarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sapulpa High School is a public high school in Sapulpa, Oklahoma, USA serving 1,157 students in grades 10-12.	Sapulpa High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boonoo Boonoo National Park (pronounced 'bunna bunoo') is a national park in New South Wales, Australia, 571 km north of Sydney and 26 kilometres north east of Tenterfield off Woodenbong Road.	Boonoo Boonoo National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Saudi Air Force Museum or Saqr Al-Jazira is located on the East Ring Road of Riyadh between exits 10 and 11.	Royal Saudi Air Force Museum	Riyadh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mineral Mound State Park is a park located on the shores of Lake Barkley in Lyon County, Kentucky, United States.	Mineral Mound State Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipowa Góra Wschodnia (liˈpɔva ˈɡura ˈfsxɔdɲa) (German: Lindenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lipowa Góra Wschodnia	Gmina Szczytno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warblewko (varˈblɛfkɔ) (German Neu Warbelow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Warblewko	Gmina Słupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jafarabad-e Baqeraf (Persian: جعفرابادباقراف‎, also Romanized as Ja``farābād-e Bāqerāf; also known as Ja``farābād-e Bāqerāt) is a village in Aftab Rural District, Aftab District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 518, in 109 families.	Jafarabad-e Baqeraf	Aftab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagles Mere Historic District is a national historic district in the mountain lake resort of Eagles Mere in Shrewsbury Township, Sullivan County, Pennsylvania.	Eagles Mere Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirchseeon is a market town in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and lies 15 km east of Munich city limits.	Kirchseeon	Ebersberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fair Grove Methodist Church Cemetery is a historic church cemetery associated with the Fair Grove Methodist Church at South Thomasville, Davidson County, North Carolina.	Fair Grove Methodist Church Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sakharwadi is a town and Gram Panchayat of Phaltan tehsil, Satara district, Maharashtra, India.	Sakharwadi	Satara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Knoxville is the downtown area of Knoxville, Tennessee, USA.	Downtown Knoxville	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanover Lutheran Church is a Lutheran congregation located in Cape Girardeau, Missouri which is a member of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod.	Hanover Lutheran Church	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel de Blossac is an 18th-century hôtel particulier in the historic center of Rennes, Brittany.	Hôtel de Blossac	Rennes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bask-e Do (Persian: باسكدو‎, also Romanized as Bāsk-e Do) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bask-e Do	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazvash (Persian: بزوش‎) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bazvash	Zhavehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queenscliff High Light, also variously known as the Black Lighthouse, Fort Queenscliff Lighthouse or Shortland Bluff Light, stands in the grounds of Fort Queenscliff in Queenscliff, Victoria, Australia.	Queenscliff High Light	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waltham Windmill is a six-sailed windmill located in the village of Waltham, five miles from Grimsby in North East Lincolnshire, England.	Waltham Windmill	North East Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mordoğan is a sea-side township with own municipality in Karaburun district in Turkey's Izmir Province.	Mordoğan	Izmir Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gosanimari is both a village and an archaeological site in Cooch Behar district of West Bengal, north-eastern India.	Gosanimari	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regions Hospital is a teaching hospital located in St. Paul, Minnesota, part of the HealthPartners system.	Regions Hospital	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cass Street Park is a public art work by American artist Marina Lee, located on the east side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin at 1647 N. Cass St. The work was created as part of a revitalization effort.	Cass Street Park	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friedensfeld Midlands Moravian Church and Manse are historic buildings in Christiansted, Virgin Islands.	Friedensfeld Midlands Moravian Church and Manse	Christiansted
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalgeh (Persian: كلگه‎) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kalgeh	Rud Zard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabanów-Kolonia (ɡraˈbanuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Grabanów-Kolonia	Gmina Biała Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maesybont is a small village near Gorslas in west Wales.	Maesybont	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. Sterling Morton High School East (often called Morton East) is a public secondary school located in Cicero, Illinois.	J. Sterling Morton High School East	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rheinstadion was a multi-purpose stadium, in Düsseldorf, Germany.	Rheinstadion	Düsseldorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Hallam is a large village close to Ilkeston in the County of Derbyshire in the East Midlands region of England.	West Hallam	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wells Dam is a hydroelectric dam located on the Columbia River, downstream from the confluence of the Okanogan River, Methow River, and the Columbia River in Washington State.	Wells Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Dabis (Persian: ابودبس‎, also Romanized as Ābū Dabis) is a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Dabis	Kut-e Abdollah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Giles-without-Cripplegate is a Church of England church in the City of London, located on Fore Street within the modern Barbican complex.	St Giles-without-Cripplegate	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkala (Persian: باركلا‎, also Romanized as Bārkalā) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Barkala	Tuskacheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mydlita (mɨˈdlita) (German: Buchwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mydlita	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winston-Salem Beltway is a proposed freeway loop around the North Carolina city of Winston-Salem.	Winston-Salem Beltway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jourian town and a notified area committee in Jammu district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.	Jourian	Jammu district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robat-e Namaki (Persian: رباطنمكي‎‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Namakī and Rubāt-i-Namak; also known as Robāţ) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Robat-e Namaki	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toodyay District High School is a co-educational state school located in Toodyay, Western Australia.	Toodyay District High School	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eholt is a ghost town in British Columbia, Canada, 14 km from present day Greenwood.	Eholt	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sargaz-e Khazor Safakalinu (Persian: سرگزخضرصفاكلينو‎, also Romanized as Sargaz-e Khaz̤or Şafākalīnū; also known as Gūr Şafā and Sargaz) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sargaz-e Khazor Safakalinu	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Knoll High School is a public high school in Lexington, South Carolina that provides education for ninth through twelfth grades, serving communities of West Columbia and Lexington, South Carolina.	White Knoll High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khuman Lampak Main Stadium is an stadium in Imphal, India.	Khuman Lampak Main Stadium	Imphal
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAOB-FM is licensed to Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, broadcasts at 106.7 MHz. Its transmitter is located in Wexford, Pennsylvania.	WAOB-FM	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The H. Carl Moultrie Courthouse is a courthouse of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia located at 500 Indiana Avenue NW, in the Judiciary Square neighborhood of Washington, D.C.	H. Carl Moultrie Courthouse	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellingrath Gardens and Home is the 65-acre (26 ha) public garden and historic home of Walter and Bessie Bellingrath, located on the Fowl River in Theodore, near Mobile, Alabama.	Bellingrath Gardens and Home	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park is a protected national park that is located in New South Wales, Australia.	Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSWB-TV Tower is a 68.2 metre high guyed television tower at San Diego, California, United States at 32°41′47``N 116°56′10''W. KSWB-TV Tower was built in 1984 and is used by KSWB-TV Channel 69 in San Diego.	KSWB-TV Tower	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston Medical Center (BMC) is a non-profit 496-bed academic medical center in Boston, Massachusetts.	Boston Medical Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swiftwater Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge which carries Valley Road over the Wild Ammonoosuc River in Bath, New Hampshire.	Swiftwater Covered Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Blount was a frontier fort and federal outpost located along the Cumberland River in Jackson County, Tennessee, United States.	Fort Blount	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bail' Iochdrach or Baliochrach (Scottish Gaelic: Am Baile Ìochdrach) is a village on Benbecula in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Bail' Iochdrach	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makhuea Chae (Thai: มะเขือแจ้) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lamphun District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 15,249 people.	Makhuea Chae	Mueang Lamphun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiashahr District (Persian: بخش کیاشهر‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kiashahr District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barming Heath is an area of NW Maidstone in Kent, England.	Barming Heath	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Ness Avenue is a north-south thoroughfare in San Francisco, California, running from Market St north to the Bay.	Van Ness Avenue	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milbourne is a small hamlet on the eastern edge of Malmesbury, Wiltshire, England.	Milbourne	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	O'Sheas Casino is a casino located within The Linq Resort and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.	O'Sheas Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmurowo (ɡmuˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gmurowo	Gmina Wysoka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mat-Su Regional Medical Center is a 74-bed general hospital in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Mat-Su Regional Medical Center	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sooke Potholes Regional Park is a 55 hectare (136 acre) park along the Sooke River in British Columbia, known for its rocky pools and canyon-like features.	Sooke Potholes Regional Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silsden is a town and civil parish situated in West Yorkshire, England.	Silsden	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harris-Poindexter House and Store is a historic home, store, and farm complex located at Mineral, Louisa County, Virginia.	Harris-Poindexter House and Store	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centelles (Catalan pronunciation: (sənˈteʎəs)) is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia, Spain.	Centelles	Osona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University Golf Club is a public golf club located in Pacific Spirit Regional Park near the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and the University of British Columbia.	University Golf Club	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kananga, formerly known as Luluabourg or Luluaburg, is the capitial city of Kasaï-Occidental Province and is intended as the capital of the proposed Lulua Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kananga	Kasaï-Occidental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nordby Station is a railway station located two kilometers north of Jessheim in Ullensaker, Norway on the Trunk Line.	Nordby Station	Ullensaker
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Morris Regional High School District is a limited purpose regional public high school district in New Jersey that serves students from the surrounding Morris County communities of Chester Borough, Chester Township, Mendham Borough, Mendham Township and Washington Township.	West Morris Regional High School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shiyan Rural District (Persian: دهستان شيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shiyan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wetlands Preserve, commonly referred to as ``Wetlands'', was a nightclub that provided a habitat for nightlife in New York City for nearly thirteen years.	Wetlands Preserve	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Newberg Medical Center is a not-for-profit Level IV acute care hospital in Newberg, Oregon, United States.	Providence Newberg Medical Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashuibo (Chinese: 大水泊镇) is a town in Wendeng, Weihai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Dashuibo	Wendeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twemlow is a civil parish, containing the village of Twemlow Green in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Twemlow	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tan-Tar-A Resort Seaplane Base (FAA LID: 19T) is a privately owned, public-use seaplane base located six nautical miles (11 km) north of the central business district of Osage Beach, in Camden County, Missouri, United States.	Tan-Tar-A Resort Seaplane Base	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heald Stream Falls is a waterfall in Maine, United States, about 6 miles (10 km) from the US--	Heald Stream Falls	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newai / Niwai (Hindi: निवाई) is a city, municipality and tehsil in Tonk district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Newai	Tonk district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Răchitova (Hungarian: Reketyefalva) is a commune in Hunedoara County, Romania.	Răchitova	Hunedoara County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoneleigh Abbey is a large country mansion situated to the southwest of the village of Stoneleigh, Warwickshire, England.	Stoneleigh Abbey	Stoneleigh, Warwickshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashantu (Persian: كاشانتو‎, also Romanized as Kāshāntū) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kashantu	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Nam (Thai: หนองหนาม) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lamphun District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 4876 people.	Nong Nam	Mueang Lamphun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Demopolis Town Square, currently officially known as Confederate Park, is a historic park in the city of Demopolis, Alabama, United States.	Demopolis Town Square	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arteh (Persian: ارته‎) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Arteh	Bazoft Rural District	Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liaoning Provincial Museum (Chinese: trad. 遼寧省博物館, simp. 辽宁省博物馆, Liáoníngshěng Bówùguǎn) is a prominent museum of history and fine arts located in Shenyang, the capital of China's Liaoning province.	Liaoning Provincial Museum	Shenyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratowiec (raˈtɔvjɛt͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ratowiec	Gmina Czarna Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallibona (Valencian pronunciation: (ˌvaʎiˈβɔna)) is a small town and municipality located in the Ports comarca, province of Castelló, part of the autonomous community of Valencia, Spain.	Vallibona	Ports
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spanish Peaks Wilderness is a 19,226 acres (77.80 km2) wilderness area in Huerfano County and Las Animas County, Colorado, United States, located 20 miles (32 km) southwest of Walsenburg.	Spanish Peaks Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myślec (ˈmɨɕlɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Myślec	Gmina Stary Sącz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartakarat (Persian: سرتاكرات‎, also Romanized as Sartākarāt) is a village in Langarud Rural District, Salman Shahr District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sartakarat	Langarud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benvid-e Sofla (Persian: بنويدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Benvīd-e Soflá; also known as Bambīz-e Pā’īn, Benoyd-e-Soflā, and Benvīd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bafran Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Benvid-e Sofla	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reid Memorial Presbyterian Church is an architecturally significant church located at 11th and North ``A'' Streets in Richmond, Indiana.	Reid Memorial Presbyterian Church	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Góra Puławska (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɡura puˈwafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Góra Puławska	Gmina Puławy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smith-Marcuse-Lowry House is an historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin, Texas.	Smith-Marcuse-Lowry House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tribal Research Institute Museum is a museum in Bhubaneswar, Odisha inside the campus of Scheduled Castes & Scheduled Tribes Research & Training Institute.	Tribal Research Institute Museum	Bhubaneswar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chróstno (ˈxrustnɔ) (formerly Zalesie, German: Saliswalde) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.	Chróstno	Gmina Głubczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horse Island Light, also known as Sackets Harbor Light, is located on Horse Island in Sackets Harbor, Jefferson County in New York on Lake Ontario.	Horse Island Light	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krajewo-Wierciochy (kraˈjɛvɔ vjɛrˈt͡ɕɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krajewo-Wierciochy	Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Branica Radzyńska-Kolonia (braˈnit͡sa raˈd͡zɨɲska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Branica Radzyńska-Kolonia	Gmina Radzyń Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Sól (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈsul) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Sól	Gmina Biłgoraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O. C. Barber Creamery, built in 1909, is an historic farm building located at 365 Portsmouth Avenue on the Anna-Dean Farm in Barberton, Ohio.	O. C. Barber Creamery	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glanów (ˈɡlanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzyciąż, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Glanów	Gmina Trzyciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaręby-Krztęki (zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈkʂtɛŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zaręby-Krztęki	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miłkowice-Maćki (miu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmat͡ɕki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Miłkowice-Maćki	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoensbroek is a Dutch town in the municipality of Heerlen.	Hoensbroek	Heerlen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giant Marsh is a wetland made up of mud flats, and tidal flats on the eastern San Francisco Bay in Richmond, Northern California.	Giant Marsh	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampstead Norreys (alternatively spelt Hampstead Norris as it is pronounced) is a village and civil parish in Berkshire, England.	Hampstead Norreys	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Bagh-e Mohammad Hoseyn (Persian: دره باغ محمدحسين‎, also Romanized as Darreh Bāgh-e Moḩammad Ḩoseyn; also known as Darreh Bāgh-e Dovvom and Darreh Bāgh) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Bagh-e Mohammad Hoseyn	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sauga Parish is located at the Pärnu County Center.	Sauga Parish	Pärnu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green River Presbyterian Church (also known as Green River Bible Church) is a historic Presbyterian church at 134 W. Third Avenue in Green River, Utah.	Green River Presbyterian Church	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gov. James Ponder House is a historic home located at Milton, Sussex County, Delaware.	Gov. James Ponder House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runice (ruˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Runice	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sullivan Central High School is a 9th through 12th grade high school in Blountville, Tennessee.	Sullivan Central High School	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podkiejsze (pɔtˈkʲɛi̯ʂɛ) (German: Niedereck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Podkiejsze	Gmina Babiak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nokomis High School is a coed public high school located in Nokomis, Illinois in Montgomery County serving Community Unit School District 22.	Nokomis High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unieck (ˈuɲet͡sk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Unieck	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzyżewo-Marki (kʂɨˈʐɛvɔ ˈmarki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krzyżewo-Marki	Gmina Czerwonka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auchmithie is a former fishing village in Angus, Scotland, three miles north east of the town of Arbroath.	Auchmithie	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monterey Peninsula is located on the central California coast and comprises the cities of Monterey, Carmel, and Pacific Grove, and unincorporated areas of Monterey County including the resort and community of Pebble Beach.	Monterey Peninsula	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	West York Area High School is a high school located at 1800 Bannister Street, York in York County in south central Pennsylvania.	West York Area High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liberty/Paramount Theatre is an early movie palace located on West Federal Street and Hazel Avenue in Youngstown, Ohio.	Liberty/Paramount Theatre	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oak Ballroom is a historic building in Schuyler, Nebraska constructed with dozens of native oak trees hauled to the building site from the nearby Platte River using horse and buggies.	Oak Ballroom	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kalita Humphreys Theater is a historic theater in Dallas, Texas (USA).	Kalita Humphreys Theater	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phillip Burton Wilderness is part of the 111 sq. mile (288 km2) Point Reyes National Seashore located about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of San Francisco, California.	Phillip Burton Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benalto/Hillman's Farm Aerodrome (TC LID: CBH7) is a registered aerodrome located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) south of Benalto, Alberta, Canada.	Benalto/Hillman's Farm Aerodrome	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qadimi (Persian: قديمي‎, also Romanized as Qadīmī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qadimi	Tork-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morristown High School (or MHS) is a four-year public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from three communities in Morris County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Morris School District.	Morristown High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pacific Buddhist Academy is a private, co-educational college preparatory high school in Honolulu, Hawaii.	Pacific Buddhist Academy	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagshot Park is on Bagshot Heath, a fifty square-mile tract of formerly open land in Surrey and Berkshire.	Bagshot Park	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daskalakis Athletic Center (DAC) is a 300,000 square-foot athletic and recreational facility in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Daskalakis Athletic Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoskera (Kannada: ) is a panchayat village in Shahapur taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka state, India.	Hoskera	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cribarth or Sleeping Giant is a hill in the Brecon Beacons National Park (Parc Cenedlaethol Bannau Brycheiniog) in Powys, southern Wales.	Cribarth	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoffman Marsh is a wetlands on San Francisco Bay in Richmond, California.	Hoffman Marsh	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chek Lap Kok is an island in the western waters of Hong Kong.	Chek Lap Kok	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nohokomeen Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington, in a cirque on the north slope of Jack Mountain.	Nohokomeen Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karakoçan (Ottoman Turkish: تپه‎ Hill, Kurdish: Dep‎, Armenian: Oxi) is a town and district of Elazığ Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Karakoçan	Elazığ Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa Ingenheim is an historic building in the suburbs west of Brandenburg Potsdam.	Villa Ingenheim	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okrouhlička (until 1945 Šejdorf, German: Scheibelsdorf) is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Okrouhlička	Havlíčkův Brod District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eprapah Creek (longitude 153.30º East, latitude -27.567º South) is a sub-tropical stream located in Redland City close to Brisbane in South East Queensland, Australia.	Eprapah Creek	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gare de Daours is a railway station serving the French towns of Daours and Aubigny in the Somme department.	Gare de Daours	Aubigny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Païta (French pronunciation: ​(pajta)) is a commune in the suburbs of Nouméa in the South Province of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Païta	South Province	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barger-Oosterveld is a hamlet in the Netherlands, part of the Emmen municipality in Drenthe.	Barger-Oosterveld	Emmen
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIDR is a freeform FM radio station that broadcasts from the Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan.	WIDR	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huopalahti railway station (Finnish: Huopalahden rautatieasema, Swedish: Hoplax järnvägsstation) is a railway station on the VR commuter rail network located in northern Helsinki, Finland.	Huopalahti railway station	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Różankowo (ruʐaŋˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Różankowo	Gmina Łysomice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa St. Rose, located in north Portland, Oregon, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Villa St. Rose	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eid og Voll (historically: Voll og Eid) is a former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Eid og Voll	Romsdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Villa is a historic Carpenter Gothic plantation house on the outskirts of Opelika, Alabama.	Spring Villa	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakhpur is a village near Sahni (Lakhpur-Sahni), Tehsil Phagwara, Kapurthala district, in Punjab, India.	Lakhpur	Kapurthala district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Węgorzynko (ˈstarɛ vɛnɡɔˈʐɨnkɔ) (German: Wangerin B) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stare Węgorzynko	Gmina Węgorzyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tetagunta is one of the villages in Tuni Mandal in East Godavari District in Andhra Pradesh State and is located 14.1 km from its Mandal main town Tuni.	Tetagunta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behruzabad-e Sofla (Persian: بهروزابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Behrūzābād-e Soflá; also known as Behrūzābād) is a village in Qaryah ol Kheyr Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Behruzabad-e Sofla	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Contra Costa Community College District is a community college district that encompasses three community colleges in Contra Costa County, California - Contra Costa College, Diablo Valley College and Los Medanos College.	Contra Costa Community College District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walter-Gimble House is located in the west end of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Walter-Gimble House	Davenport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wake Christian Academy is a private kindergarten, middle, and high school campus located in Raleigh, North Carolina, off US Hwy. 401.	Wake Christian Academy	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poteau River is a 141-mile-long (227 km) river in the U.S. states of Arkansas and Oklahoma and is the only river in Oklahoma that flows north.	Poteau River	Arkansas	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahruzeh (Persian: ماهروزه‎, also Romanized as Māhrūzeh; also known as Māhrazeh, Māraz, Mārūzak, and Maruze) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mahruzeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology (BFIT) in Boston, Massachusetts, is a non-profit private college of engineering and industrial technologies established in 1908 with funds bequeathed in Benjamin Franklin's will.	Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stasi Las (ˈstaɕi ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stasi Las	Gmina Serock
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Townsend Cemetery is located atop one of the most distinguished hills surrounding Oyster Bay, New York, USA.	Townsend Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Havre Residential Historic District is a National Registered Historic Place encompassing 36 blocks in Havre, Montana.	Havre Residential Historic District	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Creek Gorge, sometimes called The Grand Canyon of Pennsylvania, is a 47-mile (76 km) gorge carved by Pine Creek in Pennsylvania.	Pine Creek Gorge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toruniak (tɔˈruɲak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Toruniak	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raghudebbati is a census town under Sankrail police station in Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Raghudebbati	Howrah district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jereh and Baladeh District (Persian: بخش جره و بالاده‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jereh and Baladeh District	Kazerun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Interlaken Mill Bridge is an historic bridge spanning the Pawtuxet River at the site of the former Arkwright and Interlaken mill complexes in Coventry, Rhode Island.	Interlaken Mill Bridge	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rejsyty (rɛi̯ˈsɨtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rejsyty	Gmina Rychliki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Building at High and Cannon Streets is a historic commercial building located at Seaford, Sussex County, Delaware.	Building at High and Cannon Streets	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cayuga Generating Station is an electricity-generating facility, located in Eugene Township, Vermillion County, near Cayuga, Indiana.	Cayuga Generating Station	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frank W. Cox High School is a secondary school located in the Great Neck subdivision of Virginia Beach, Virginia.	Frank W. Cox High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Township of North Dumfries is a rural township in Ontario, Canada, part of the Regional Municipality of Waterloo.	North Dumfries	Ontario	Regional Municipality of Waterloo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Faial-Pico Channel (Portuguese: Canal Faial-Pico) is an 8.3 kilometres (5.2 mi) long channel that separates the islands of Faial and Pico in the central group of the archipelago of the Azores.	Faial-Pico Channel	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nishapur County (Persian: شهرستان نیشابور‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Nishapur County	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Contrabando is a ghost town within the Big Bend Ranch State Park, 9.5 miles (15.3 km) west of Lajitas, Texas on the Texas State Highway 170.	Contrabando	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruintjieshoogte Pass, (English: Brown's Height) is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, on the Regional road R63 (Eastern Cape), between Somerset East and Pearston.	Bruintjieshoogte Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandeston is a village in Suffolk, England on the River Deben 11 miles (18 km) northeast of Ipswich.	Brandeston	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangbe (Taye in Tibetan) is a small village in the village development committee of Chhusang in the Mustang District of Nepal.	Tangbe	Mustang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Binnenmaas (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbɪnə(n)maːs)) is a municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Binnenmaas	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sayyad Mahalleh (Persian: صيادمحله‎, also Romanized as Şayyād Maḩalleh) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sayyad Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alborz Research Centre (Persian: مركزتحقيقات منطقه البرز‎ -- Marḵazteḥqīqāt Manṭaqeh Alborz) is a populated place in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Alborz Research Centre	Mohammadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wa Ying College (Chinese: 華英中學) is a secondary school in Hong Kong, located at 8 Sheung Wo Street, Homantin, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Wa Ying College	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weequahic Park is a park located in the south ward of Newark, New Jersey.	Weequahic Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firehouse, Engine Company 31 is a historic fire station located at 87 Lafayette Street between Walker and White Streets in the Civic Center neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Firehouse, Engine Company 31	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koziróg Leśny (kɔˈʑiruk ˈlɛɕnɨ) (German: Ziegenhorn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Koziróg Leśny	Gmina Tłuchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peh is approximately 35 kilometers north of Ukhrul district headquarter.	Peh	Ukhrul district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Dworska (ˈvulka ˈdvɔrska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Dworska	Gmina Góra Kalwaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chakhmaq Tappeh (Persian: چخماق تپه‎, also Romanized as Chakhmāq Tappeh; also known as Chakhmā and Chakhmagh Tappeh) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District, in the Central District of Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Chakhmaq Tappeh	Deh Chal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nynäshamn Municipality (Nynäshamns kommun) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden.	Nynäshamn Municipality	Stockholm County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarveh-ye Pain (Persian: سروه پايين‎, also Romanized as Sarveh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sarveh-ye Pain	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Shoebury (once Shoebury Parva and Little Shoebury)is a district and former village in the north-east of Southend-on-Sea in the English county of Essex.	North Shoebury	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snake Hill (known officially as Laurel Hill and sometimes called Fraternity Rock) is an igneous rock intrusion jutting some 150 feet (46 m) up from the floor of the Meadowlands in southern Secaucus, New Jersey, USA.	Snake Hill	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morgan Arcade is a shopping arcade in Cardiff, South Wales.	Morgan Arcade	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latesht (Persian: لتشت‎) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Latesht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielany (vjɛˈlanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wielany	Gmina Kramsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum is a museum dedicated to nutcrackers, located in Leavenworth, Washington.	Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manasquan Friends Meetinghouse and Burying Ground (Manasquan Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends) is a historic meetinghouse and cemetery on Route 35 at the Manasquan Circle in Manasquan, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Manasquan Friends Meetinghouse and Burying Ground	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purley Way is a section of the A23 trunk road in the London Borough of Croydon, in the areas of Purley, Waddon and Broad Green, and has given its name to the out-of-town shopping area alongside it with a catchment area covering most of South London.	Purley Way	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tervel Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Тервел) is a municipality (obshtina) in Dobrich Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in Southern Dobruja geographical region, about 30 km south of Danube river.	Tervel Municipality	Dobrich Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roperi is a large village in the Sundamagar Block, in the District of Mandi, State of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Roperi	Himachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kingman MRA is a multiple resource area of the National Park Service in Kingman, Arizona.	Kingman MRA	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZGM is a non-commercial educational FM broadcast station on 88.1 MHz at Cabool, Missouri.	KZGM	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojtkowice-Glinna (vɔi̯tkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡlinna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wojtkowice-Glinna	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seldom-Little Seldom is a community in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Seldom-Little Seldom	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mahned Bridge was constructed in 1903 and spans the Leaf River in Perry County, Mississippi.	Mahned Bridge	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilassar de Dalt (Catalan pronunciation: (biləˈsa ðə ˈðaɫ)) is a village in Catalonia, Spain, in the province of Barcelona and the comarca of Maresme.	Vilassar de Dalt	Maresme
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansfield Dam (formerly Marshall Ford Dam) is a dam located across a canyon at Marshall Ford on the Colorado River, 13 miles (21 km) northwest of Austin, Texas.	Mansfield Dam	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olavsvern is a decommissioned Royal Norwegian Navy base located just outside the city of Tromsø and currently leased to state owned Russian research institutes.	Olavsvern	Tromsø
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vettikkattumukku is a small village town in Kottayam District, Kerala.	Vettikkattumukku	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolah Darreh (Persian: كله دره‎, also Romanized as Kaleh Darreh, Kolā Darreh, and Kulah Darreh) is a village in Zahray-ye Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kolah Darreh	Zahray-ye Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stubb Glacier (65°41′S 62°10′W) is a glacier 11 nautical miles (20 km) long in Aristotle Mountains on the east coast of Graham Land, flowing east into Scar Inlet between Mount Queequeg and Tashtego Point.	Stubb Glacier	Graham Land
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Tahak (Persian: تنگ طاهك‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Ţāhak) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Tahak	Sadat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivne Oblast (Ukrainian: Рівненська область, translit. Rivnenska oblast, Polish: Obwód rówieński) is an oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Rivne Oblast	Ukraine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waldrep Dairy Farm, established in 1928, was the last functional dairy farm in Broward County and Miami-Dade County within the state of Florida until its closure in 2005.	Waldrep Dairy Farm	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Schaick House is a historic home located on Van Schaick Island at Cohoes in Albany County, New York.	Van Schaick House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walsworth was originally a village about a mile north east of Hitchin in Hertfordshire, England.	Walsworth	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teylers Museum (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɛi̯lərs myˈzeːjʏm)) is an art, natural history, and science museum in Haarlem, Netherlands.	Teylers Museum	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Station Sydney, also known as CFS Sydney, is a former Canadian Forces Station located in the community of Lingan Road, Nova Scotia.	CFS Sydney	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanstead Abbotts (alternatively Stanstead Abbots) is a village and civil parish in the district of East Hertfordshire, Hertfordshire, England.	Stanstead Abbotts	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogoźniczka (rɔɡɔʑˈɲit͡ʂka) (Ukrainian: Рогізничка, Rohiznychka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rogoźniczka	Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Lisowska (ˈvɔla liˈsɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Lisowska	Gmina Lubartów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burloak Canoe Club is a flatwater canoe/kayak racing club located in Oakville, Ontario.	Burloak Canoe Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shashkan (Persian: شاشكان‎, also Romanized as Shāshkān) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shashkan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village at Riverwatch is a planned Mixed-use development located in Augusta, Georgia (United States) along the banks of the Augusta Canal.	The Village at Riverwatch	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melleh Sohrab (Persian: مله سهراب‎, also Romanized as Melleh Sohrāb) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Melleh Sohrab	Dasht-e Hor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bełczna (ˈbɛwt͡ʂna) (German: Neukirchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bełczna	Gmina Łobez
located in the administrative territorial entity	Demuth Museum in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, USA, is a museum of paintings by Charles Demuth (1883--1935) located in his former studio and home at 120 East Lancaster Street.	Demuth Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barwiny (barˈvinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barwiny	Gmina Gietrzwałd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Buchałowice (kɔˈlɔɲa buxawɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Buchałowice	Gmina Kurów
located in the administrative territorial entity	On January 1, 1984, the municipality of Puttershoek was merged with several others into Binnenmaas.	Puttershoek	Binnenmaas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mid-Cambridge, also known as ``Area 6'', is a neighborhood of Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Mid-Cambridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guk Darreh (Persian: گوك دره‎, also Romanized as Gūk Darreh; also known as Gūg Darreh) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Guk Darreh	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górażdże (ɡuˈraʐd͡ʐɛ) (German Gorasdze) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Górażdże	Gmina Gogolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmab-e Mohammad Rezavandi (Persian: گرماب محمدرضاوندي‎, also Romanized as Garmāb-e Moḩammad Rez̤āvandī) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Garmab-e Mohammad Rezavandi	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohenwalde is an Ortsteil of Frankfurt (Oder), Brandenburg, Germany, with a population of 425.	Hohenwalde	Frankfurt (Oder
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merbes-Sainte-Marie is a village in Merbes-le-Château, a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.	Merbes-Sainte-Marie	Merbes-le-Château
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annabestan (Persian: عنابستان‎, also Romanized as ``Annābestān) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 34 families.	Annabestan	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waghali, spelled in historical records as Vaghli, is an village in Chalisgaon tehsil of Jalgaon district in the Khandesh region of Maharashtra, India.	Waghali	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall Gord (Persian: تل گرد‎; also known as Tall Kord) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tall Gord	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Gorgi (Persian: باب گرگي‎, also Romanized as Bāb Gorgī) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Gorgi	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toozaza Peak is a tuya in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains in northern British Columbia, Canada, located in the Iverson Creek.	Toozaza Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melbourne Star (previously Southern Star) is a giant Ferris wheel in the Waterfront City precinct in the Docklands area of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Star	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Twin Pagoda Temple (Chinese: 双塔寺; Pinyin: Shūangtǎsì), officially known as Yongzuo Temple (Chinese: 永祚寺; Pinyin: Yǒngzuòsì), of Taiyuan, Shanxi province, China, is a temple containing two pagodas dating from the Ming dynasty.	Twin Pagoda Temple	Taiyuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motarzyno (mɔtaˈʐɨnɔ) (German: Muttrin; Kashubian: Mòtôrzënò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Motarzyno	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogensee is a lake in Berlin, Germany bordered by Wandlitz, Prenden and Klosterfelde in the state of Brandenburg, about 15 km north of Berlin.	Bogensee	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravikamatham is a village and a mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Ravikamatham	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darzi Kola-ye Kuchek (Persian: درزي كلاكوچك‎, also Romanized as Darzī Kolā-ye Kūchek, Darzī Kolā Kūchak, and Darzī Kolā-ye Kūchak) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darzi Kola-ye Kuchek	Karipey Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Annex is a neighbourhood in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Annex	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alliance Colony was a Jewish agricultural community that was founded in Alliance, New Jersey on May 10, 1882.	Alliance Colony	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Haddam Historic District is a 110-acre (45 ha) historic district in East Haddam, Connecticut representing the historical development of two 18th-century settlements of the town on the east bank of the Connecticut River, Upper Landing and Lower Landing.	East Haddam Historic District	East Haddam, Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matchlee Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 18 km (11 mi) south of Gold River and 16 km (10 mi) west of Golden Hinde.	Matchlee Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capitol Center for the Arts is an entertainment venue in Concord, New Hampshire, United States, which features a 1,310-seat theatre designed with an Egyptian motif.	Capitol Center for the Arts	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ephrata Municipal Airport (IATA: EPH, ICAO: KEPH, FAA LID: EPH) is a public use airport located 4 km (2.5 mi) southeast of the central business district of Ephrata, a city in Grant County, Washington, United States.	Ephrata Municipal Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Akron School of Law is the law school at the University of Akron in Akron, Ohio, USA.	University of Akron School of Law	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turkey Mountain Urban Wilderness Area is a 300-acre (121 ha) area of undeveloped land that stretches from I-44 to 71st Street in Tulsa in the US state of Oklahoma.	Turkey Mountain Urban Wilderness Area	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bement Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge on Center Road over the Warner River in Bradford, New Hampshire.	Bement Covered Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marjaniemi Lighthouse (Finnish: Marjaniemen majakka) is a lighthouse located in the village of Marjaniemi at the westernmost point of Hailuoto island on the Gulf of Bothnia.	Marjaniemi Lighthouse	Hailuoto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 296 (I-296) is a part of the Interstate Highway System in the US state of Michigan.	Interstate 296	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sampov Meas District (Khmer: ស្រុកសំពៅមាស) is a district in Pursat Province, Cambodia.	Sampov Meas District	Pursat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vinnö is a locality situated in Kristianstad Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 536 inhabitants in 2010.	Vinnö	Kristianstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Vieille (``The Old Lady'' or ``The Wrass'') is a lighthouse in the département of Finistère at the commune of Plogoff, on the northwest coast of France.	La Vieille	Plogoff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Tioram (pronounced ``Chee-rum'' from Scottish Gaelic ``Caisteal Tioram'' meaning ``dry castle'') is a ruined castle that sits on the tidal island Eilean Tioram in Loch Moidart, Lochaber, Highland, Scotland.	Castle Tioram	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Makushin Volcano (also known as Mount Makushin) is an ice-covered stratovolcano located on Unalaska Island in the Aleutian Islands of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Makushin Volcano	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kõue Parish (Estonian: Kõue vald) was a rural municipality in Harju County, Estonia.	Kõue Parish	Harju County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Numeh (Persian: دارنومه‎, also Romanized as Dār Nūmeh) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dar Numeh	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowzdan Rural District (Persian: دهستان جوزدان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Najafabad County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jowzdan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehneh (Persian: مهنه‎, also Romanized as Mahneh; also known as Maina and Mīnā) is a village in and the capital of Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mehneh	Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of England School in Mowsley was built in 1864, but there had been a Sunday school in the village from 1833, which was attended by 17 boys and 22 girls.	Mowsley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacareí (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒakaɾeˈi)) is a city in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Jacareí	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	This definition extends the montane Upper Harz eastwards roughly to the state border with Saxony-Anhalt, so that e.g. Braunlage or Hohegeiß may also be counted as lying within the Upper Harz, as well as some high mountain ridges:	Upper Harz	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRTH (101.1 FM, ``K-Earth 101'') is a U.S. Classic Hits radio station located in Los Angeles, California, broadcasting to the Greater Los Angeles Area.	KRTH	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basia block, one of the eleven administrative blocks of Gumla district in the Indian state of Jharkhand, has a population (1991 census) of 59,626.	Basia block	Gumla district
located in the administrative territorial entity	George L. Luthy Memorial Botanical Garden, usually just Luthy Botanical Garden, is a 4.5 acres (1.8 ha) botanical garden and conservatory located in Glen Oak Park, near the corner of Prospect Avenue and Gift Avenue in Peoria, Illinois, USA.	George L. Luthy Memorial Botanical Garden	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagverdi-ye Olya (Persian: بگوردي عليا‎, also Romanized as Bagverdī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 128, in 30 families.	Bagverdi-ye Olya	Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesla is a village in Bagodar (community development block) of Giridih district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Hesla	Giridih district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamboanga del Sur (Cebuano: Habagatang Zamboanga; Chavacano: Provincia del Zamboanga del Sur; Tagalog: Timog Zamboanga; Subanen: S'helatan Sembwangan/Sembwangan dapit Shelatan) is a province in the Philippines located in the Zamboanga Peninsula region in Mindanao.	Zamboanga del Sur	Zamboanga Peninsula
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCKA (810 AM, ``Alabama 810'') is a radio station licensed to serve Jacksonville, Alabama, USA.	WCKA	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alouette Lake, originally Lillooet Lake and not to be confused with the lake of that name farther north, is a lake and reservoir in Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada.	Alouette Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuenno (Ladin: Tuèn, German: Thunn) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Trento.	Tuenno	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aupaluk (Inuktitut: ᐊᐅᐸᓗᒃ) (2011 Population 195) is a northern village in Nunavik, in the Nord-du-Québec region of Quebec.	Aupaluk	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Governor Charles Croswell House is a building located at 228 North Broad Street in the city of Adrian in Lenawee County, Michigan.	Governor Charles Croswell House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balsam Gap (el. 3,316 ft (1,011 m)) is a mountain pass between the Plott Balsam Range to the northwest and the Great Balsam Mountains to the southeast on the county line dividing Haywood and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina.	Balsam Gap	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Philippine Arena is a multipurpose indoor arena at Ciudad de Victoria, a 140-hectare tourism enterprise zone in Bocaue and Santa Maria, Bulacan, Philippines.	Philippine Arena	Ciudad de Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jorma Kaukonen's Fur Peace Ranch is located in Meigs County, Ohio, United States.	Fur Peace Ranch	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flackwell Heath is a village in the civil parish of Chepping Wycombe on the outskirts of High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire England.	Flackwell Heath	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watton-at-Stone is a village in the English county of Hertfordshire, situated midway between the towns of Stevenage and Hertford in the valley of the River Beane.	Watton-at-Stone	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shali Shal (Persian: شالي شل‎, also Romanized as Shālī Shal) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shali Shal	Kani Shirin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McDonald Investment Center, also known as Key Center and formerly known as the Central National Bank Building, is a commercial high-rise building in Cleveland, Ohio.	McDonald Investment Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amarillo College (AC) is a two-year community college in Amarillo, Texas with over 10,000 students that was established in 1929 as Amarillo Junior College.	Amarillo College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elwell Ferry is an inland cable ferry which has operated since 1905 on Elwell Ferry Road between NC Highway 53 and NC Highway 87, crossing the Cape Fear River and connecting the communities of Carvers Creek and Kelly in Bladen County, North Carolina.	Elwell Ferry	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Academy Broadcasting College commonly abbreviated as WABC, is a broadcasting college in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	Western Academy Broadcasting College	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadkar (Persian: احمدكر‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadkar) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Ahmadkar	Zarrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santee River is a river in South Carolina in the United States, 143 miles (230 km) long.	Santee River	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straszowice (straʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Straszowice	Gmina Wołów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexandrian Public Library serves the residents of Mount Vernon, Indiana as well as Black, Lynn, Marrs, Point and Robinson townships (approximately 21,000 residents).	Alexandrian Public Library	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chańki (ˈxaɲki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chańki	Gmina Milejczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grasse (French pronunciation: ​(ɡʁas); Provençal Occitan: Grassa in classical norm (and Italian) or Grasso in Mistralian norm) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department (of which it is a sub-prefecture), on the French Riviera.	Grasse	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orbigny-Bernon Museum (French: Musée d'Orbigny-Bernon) is a history museum in the French city of La Rochelle.	Orbigny-Bernon Museum	La Rochelle
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Leigh is a village and civil parish about 3 miles (5 km) northeast of Witney in Oxfordshire.	North Leigh	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowotna (nɔˈvɔtna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowotna	Gmina Stegna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Webster Wildlife Sanctuary is a sanctuary owned by the Massachusetts Audubon Society, the largest conservation organization in New England, in the town of Marshfield, Massachusetts.	Daniel Webster Wildlife Sanctuary	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Catholic School is a private Roman Catholic school in Beaverton, Oregon, United States within the Archdiocese of Portland.	Valley Catholic School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cut River Bridge is a cantilevered steel deck bridge over the Cut River in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Cut River Bridge	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cholesbury (recorded as Chelwardisbyry in the 13th century) is a village in Buckinghamshire, England, on the border with Hertfordshire.	Cholesbury	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Tappeh-ye Sabalan (Persian: قره تپه سبلان‎, also Romanized as Qarah Tappeh-ye Sabalān; also known as Qarah Tappeh) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qarah Tappeh-ye Sabalan	Sardabeh Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williamson Island is a bar island on the Ohio River in Tyler County, West Virginia.	Williamson Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Hill Broadway railway station is in the London Borough of Barnet in North London.	Mill Hill Broadway railway station	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strauss Airfield was an airfield constructed between 19 March to 27 April 1942 near Noonamah, Northern Territory, Australia during World War II. It was also known as 27 Mile Field or Humpty Doo Strip.	Strauss Airfield	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frisco Schoolhouse (Site ID 5ST258), now a local museum regeistered on the National Register of Historic Places, is an original one-room schoolhouse located in the Frisco Historic Park in Frisco, Colorado.	Frisco Schoolhouse	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piedras Blancas is the capital town of the municipality of Castrillón, in the province of Asturias, Spain.	Piedras Blancas	Castrillón	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orleans Correctional Facility is a state prison in New York, USA.	Orleans Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singasandra is a suburb of Bangalore in India in the state of Karnataka.	Singasandra	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pengelly (Cornish: Penn-gelli) is a hamlet in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, part of the village of Delabole in the civil parish of St Teath.	Pengelly	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert Moses Causeway is an 8.10-mile (13.04 km)-long parkway in Suffolk County, New York, in the United States.	Robert Moses Causeway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valdian Rural District (Persian: دهستان ولديان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Valdian Rural District	Ivughli District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanbedan (Persian: كنبدان‎, also Romanized as Kanbedān) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kanbedan	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakhipur (IPA: ˈlækɪˌpʊə) (Bangla: লক্ষিপুর), is a town and a Municipal Board in Cachar district in the Indian state of Assam.	Lakhipur	Cachar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherman Oaks Galleria is a shopping mall and business center located in the Sherman Oaks neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States, at the corner of Ventura and Sepulveda Boulevards in the San Fernando Valley.	Sherman Oaks Galleria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holyoke Community College (HCC) is a state-funded public two-year community college located in Holyoke, Massachusetts.	Holyoke Community College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	254-260 Canal Street, also known as the Bruce Building, on the corner of Lafayette Street in the Chinatown neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, was built in 1856-57 and was designed in the Italian Renaissance revival style.	254-260 Canal Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Psota (ˈpsɔta) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Psota	Gmina Lutocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teatro Massimo Bellini is an opera house in Catania, Sicily, southern Italy.	Teatro Massimo Bellini	Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Todzia (ˈtɔd͡ʑa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Todzia	Gmina Kadzidło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Kandi (Persian: ميركندي‎, also Romanized as Mīr Kandī) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mir Kandi	Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milltown Cemetery (Irish: Reilig Bhaile an Mhuilinn) is a large cemetery in west Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Milltown Cemetery	Belfast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Wainwright, commonly referred to as CFB Wainwright is a Canadian Forces Base located in Denwood, Alberta, adjacent to the town of Wainwright.	CFB Wainwright	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baltimore International College (BIC), founded in 1972, was a private, non-profit college located in Baltimore, Maryland.	Baltimore International College	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Governor Tom McCall Waterfront Park is a 36.59-acre (148,100 m2) park located in downtown Portland, Oregon, along the Willamette River.	Tom McCall Waterfront Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Founded in 1926, the Rumson Country Day School is a coeducational, nonsectarian independent day school located on a 14,000-square-foot (1,300 m2) campus in Rumson, New Jersey, specializing in educating boys and girls from nursery (age three) through eighth grade.	Rumson Country Day School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kensham is a hamlet in Kent, between Rolvenden and Sandhurst.	Kensham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corrine Jones Playground was formerly known as Hester Park because of its location along Hester Street in Charleston, South Carolina.	Corrine Jones Playground	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Laemphrathat (Thai: บ้านแหลมพระธาตุ) is a village (muban) in the Nakhon Pa Mak subdistrict of Amphoe Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Ban Laemphrathat	Nakhon Pa Mak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wong Nai Tun Tsuen (Traditional Chinese: 黃泥墩村) is a small village situated in the area of Shap Pat Heung, located in Tai Tong, which is situated in the north of Yuen Long, in the New Territories in Hong Kong.	Wong Nai Tun Tsuen	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castle Dome Mountains are a mountain range in Yuma County, Arizona, within the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge.	Castle Dome Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zatolmin (pronounced (zatɔlˈmiːn)) is a settlement north of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zatolmin	Tolmin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmgate is an estate situated in the town of Clay Cross which is located in the district of North East Derbyshire, England.	Holmgate	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vauter's Church, also known as Vauter's Episcopal Church, is a historic Episcopal church located at Loretto, Essex County, Virginia.	Vauter's Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenbawn Dam is a major ungated earth and rock fill with clay core embankment dam with concrete chute spillway plus fuse plugs across the Hunter River upstream of Aberdeen in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.	Glenbawn Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eisenhower Park, formerly known as Salisbury Park, is centrally located in East Meadow, New York bordered by Hempstead Turnpike on the south and Old Country Road on the north.	Eisenhower Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javi Jaft (Persian: جوي جفت‎, also Romanized as Javī Jaft) is a village in Mohsen Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Mehran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Javi Jaft	Mohsen Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUSY (100.7 FM) ``U.S. 101'' is a commercial radio station licensed to Cleveland, Tennessee, USA, and broadcasting to the Chattanooga, Tennessee area.	WUSY	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The W.C. Clemmons Mound is a Native American mound in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Ohio.	W.C. Clemmons Mound	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoo Atlanta is an Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA) accredited zoological park in Atlanta, Georgia.	Zoo Atlanta	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panther Wildlife Management Area is a former state forest located along Panther Creek in southwestern McDowell County, West Virginia.	Panther Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgersfort is located in the valley of the Spekboom River at the edge of the Bushveld Complex in the Greater Tubatse Local Municipality, near the border of the two provinces Limpopo and Mpumalanga.	Burgersfort	Greater Tubatse Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	College Block-Lisbon Block is an historic site at 248-274 Lisbon Street in Lewiston, Maine.	College Block-Lisbon Block	Lewiston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birch Lake State Recreation Site is a 48-acre (0.19 km²) state park in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Birch Lake State Recreation Site	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crocus City Hall (Russian: Крокус Сити Холл) is a concert hall administratively located in Krasnogorsk Urban Settlement (near the city of Krasnogorsk) in Krasnogorsky District, Moscow Oblast (north-west to Moscow Ring Road).	Crocus City Hall	Krasnogorsk Urban Settlement	Krasnogorsky District, Moscow Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHBY (1150 AM, ``Newstalk 1150'') is a News/Talk formatted radio station licensed to Kimberly, Wisconsin, that serves the Green Bay and Appleton-Oshkosh areas.	WHBY	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cecilia High School (CHS) is a 4A public secondary school located in Cecilia, an unincorporated community in Saint Martin Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Cecilia High School	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watermael-Boitsfort (French) or Watermaal-Bosvoorde (Dutch) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region in Belgium.	Watermael-Boitsfort	Brussels-Capital Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamrud Rural District (Persian: دهستان جامرود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jamrud Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMCC-LP is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Spencer, West Virginia.	WMCC-LP	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tournament Players Club at Sawgrass (TPC at Sawgrass) is a golf course in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, a suburb of Jacksonville, United States.	TPC at Sawgrass	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Congressional Cemetery or Washington Parish Burial Ground is a historic and active cemetery located at 1801 E Street, SE, in Washington, D.C., on the west bank of the Anacostia River.	Congressional Cemetery	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khanimeh-ye Pain (Persian: خنيمه پائين‎, also Romanized as Khanīmeh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Khanīmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khanimeh-ye Pain	Rostam-e Seh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heath is managed by the City of London Corporation, and lies mostly within the London Borough of Camden with the adjoining Hampstead Heath Extension and Golders Hill Park in the London Borough of Barnet.	Hampstead Heath	London Borough of Camden	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowghab-e Pas Kuh (Persian: نوغاب پسكوه‎, also Romanized as Nowghāb-e Pas Kūh; also known as Nowghāb, Nowqāb, and Nūghāb) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nowghab-e Pas Kuh	Pishkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pavelka Farmstead, also known as the Antonia Farmstead, is a house and a group of farm buildings located near Bladen in rural Webster County in south-central Nebraska.	Pavelka Farmstead	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makhori (मखोरी) is a village in Bhind district in Madhya Pradesh.	Makhori	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przełaj (ˈpʂɛwai̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Przełaj	Gmina Sędziszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartman Arena is a privately managed 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena, located at 77th Street North and I-135, in Park City, Kansas, United States.	Hartman Arena	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQDS-FM (94.9 FM, ``KQ 95'') is a classic rock music formatted radio station located in Duluth, Minnesota.	KQDS-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulavi (Kannada: ಉಳವಿ ) is a village in the Uttara Kannada district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Ulavi	Uttara Kannada	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Aqa-ye Sofla (Persian: محمداقاسفلي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Āqā-ye Soflá) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Aqa-ye Sofla	Baba Jik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishing Lake Metis Settlement is a Metis settlement in central Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87.	Fishing Lake Metis Settlement	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Myer is the previous name used for a U.S. Army post next to Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington County, Virginia, and across the Potomac River from Washington, D.C..	Fort Myer	Arlington County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auchenblae (Scottish Gaelic: Achadh nam Blàth) is a village in the Kincardine and Mearns area of Aberdeenshire, formerly in Kincardineshire, Scotland.	Auchenblae	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uch Tappeh-ye Kord (Persian: اوچ تپه كرد‎, also Romanized as Ūch Tappeh-ye Kord) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Uch Tappeh-ye Kord	Marhemetabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eugene Saint Julien Cox House, now known as the E. St. Julien Cox House, is a Carpenter Gothic-style house in St. Peter, Minnesota, United States.	Eugene Saint Julien Cox House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown's Island is an artificial continental island on the James River in Richmond, Virginia, formed by the Haxall Canal.	Brown's Island	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aetna Hose, Hook and Ladder Company, Fire Station No. 2 is a historic fire station located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware.	Aetna Hose, Hook and Ladder Company, Fire Station No. 2	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glem (pronounced (ˈɡleːm)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Glem	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Hull is a navigable river in the East Riding of Yorkshire in the north of England.	River Hull	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Riyis (Persian: اب رييس‎, also Romanized as Āb Rīyīs) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Riyis	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allenwood (Irish: Fiodh Alúine) is a small Irish village in County Kildare situated on the Grand Canal.	Allenwood	County Kildare
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Sucrière is a famous building devoted to contemporary art, situated 48 Quai Rambaud, on the banks of the Saône in the Confluence quarter of the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	La Sucrière	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gawsworth is a civil parish and village in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Gawsworth	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Jordan Canal is an historic waterway in Salt Lake County, Utah.	South Jordan Canal	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhentou Subdistrict (Chinese: 振头街道) is a township-level division of Qiaoxi District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Zhentou Subdistrict	Qiaoxi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kneeling Camels is a public art work by Paul Moulon located at front entrance of the Tripoli Shrine Temple, a civic organization in the Concordia neighborhood west of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Kneeling Camels	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zollverein Coal Mine Industrial Complex (German Zeche Zollverein) is a large former industrial site in the city of Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Zollverein Coal Mine Industrial Complex	Essen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Angola Horror train wreck occurred on December 18, 1867, just after 3 p.m. when the last coach of the Buffalo-bound New York Express of the Lake Shore Railway derailed and caught fire in Angola, New York, killing approximately 49 people.	Angola Horror	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paglesham is situated in the north east of the Rochford Rural District, Essex.	Paglesham	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashkhani (Persian: داشخاني‎, also Romanized as Dāshkhānī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Bahbūd') is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dashkhani	Miankuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weston Longville is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, approximately 8 miles (13 km) north-west of Norwich.	Weston Longville	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezakshan (Persian: بزكشان‎, also Romanized as Bezaḵshān) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bezakshan	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viking (South) Aerodrome (TC LID: CVS2) is located 7.4 nautical miles (13.7 km; 8.5 mi) southwest of Viking, Alberta, Canada.	Viking (South) Aerodrome	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varnamkhast (Persian: ورنامخواست‎, also Romanized as Varnāmkhāst and Varnāmkhvāst) is a city in the Central District of Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Varnamkhast	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton Dam is an earthen dam about a mile North of Newton, Utah, in Cache County, in the northern part of the state.	Newton Dam	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Germain-des-Prés (French pronunciation: ​(sɛ̃ ʒɛʁmɛ̃ de pʁe)) is one of the four administrative quarters of the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France, located around the church of the former Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés.	Saint-Germain-des-Prés	6th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kimberly Crest House and Gardens is a French château-style Victorian mansion located in Redlands, California.	Kimberly Crest	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Wright Young House is a historic house located just outside Oxford, Mississippi off the highway to New Albany.	George Wright Young House	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fredenburg House is a historic home located at Rhinebeck, Dutchess County, New York, located about one and one-half miles south of the village and wets of Route 9.	Fredenburg House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Solomon Fussell Farm is located 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Pendleton, Indiana on State Road 38 at the junction of county road 150 West.	Solomon Fussell Farm	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vavla (Greek: Βάβλα) is a small village in Larnaca District, Cyprus.	Vavla	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tennent (Aboriginal: Tharwa) is a mountain with an elevation of 1,375 metres (4,511 ft) AHD in the southern part of the Australian Capital Territory in Australia.	Mount Tennent	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Corcoran Gallery of Art was one of the oldest privately supported cultural institutions in Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States.	Corcoran Gallery of Art	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straszówek (straˈʂuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Straszówek	Gmina Rozprza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hammaguir (also written Hamaguir) is a village in Abadla District, Béchar Province, Algeria, south-west of Béchar.	Hammaguir	Abadla District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melton Carnegie Museum is a museum in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, which documents the history of the market town.	Melton Carnegie Museum	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strážske (German: Straschke (rare); Hungarian: Őrmező) is a small town and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Strážske	Michalovce District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Northampton, Massachusetts, The Smith College Campus School is a private elementary lab school that enrolls students from surrounding nearby communities through grades K-6.	Smith College Campus School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torre Agbar (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈtorə əɡˈbar)) is a 38-story skyscraper / tower located between Avinguda Diagonal and Carrer Badajoz, near Plaça de les Glòries Catalanes, which marks the gateway to the new technological district of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Torre Agbar	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowdari Kazruni (Persian: گاوداري كازروني‎, also Romanized as Gowdārī Kāzrūnī) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District, Basharyat District, Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Gowdari Kazruni	Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sands Hotel and Casino was a historic hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Nevada, United States, that operated from 1952 to 1996.	Sands Hotel and Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackwell Grange is an early 18th-century country house at Blackwell, near Darlington, County Durham, England.	Blackwell Grange	Darlington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gościeradów-Folwark (ɡɔɕt͡ɕeˈraduf ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gościeradów-Folwark	Gmina Gościeradów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leibniz-Institut für Kristallzüchtung, German for Leibniz Institute for Crystal Growth and abbreviated with IKZ, is a research institute within the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Scientific Community (WGL) and is a member of the Forschungsverbund Berlin (Berlin Research Cooperation).	Institut für Kristallzüchtung	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gas Retort House (grid reference SP062865) at 39 Gas Street, Birmingham, England is the last remaining building of Birmingham's first gas works.	Gas Retort House	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Wood River Dam (National ID # ID00041) is a dam in Blaine County, Idaho, about ten miles northwest of Carey.	Little Wood River Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norfolk Street Historic District is a historic district at Norfolk Street between Suffolk and Austin Streets in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Norfolk Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uniemino (uɲeˈminɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Uniemino	Gmina Borne Sulinowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Trails Regional Park is a 5,800-acre (23 km2) open space preserve within the city of San Diego, California, established in 1974.	Mission Trails Regional Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Guwahati is northern part of city of Guwahati and a town area committee in Kamrup district in the Indian state of Assam.This town which abounds in historical places and picnic spots.	North Guwahati	Kamrup district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mormon Flat Dam is a dam on the Salt River located Northeast of Phoenix, Arizona.	Mormon Flat Dam	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szkody-Kolonia (ˈʂkɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szkody-Kolonia	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sulphur Channel is a narrow inshore passage between Green Island and the northwest tip of Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Sulphur Channel	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefferson State Community College, more often known as 'Jeff State', is a two-year college in the Alabama Community College System.	Jefferson State Community College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Comox (IATA: YQQ, ICAO: CYQQ), commonly referred to as CFB Comox, is a Canadian Forces Base located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) north northeast of Comox, British Columbia.	CFB Comox	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pushcha-Vodytsia (also Pushcha-Voditsa, Ukrainian: Пуща-Водиця; Russian: Пуща-Водица) is a historic neighbourhood and climate resort in the northwestern part of Kiev (Obolon Raion).	Pushcha-Vodytsia	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahvar (Persian: شهوار‎, also Romanized as Shahvār) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahvar	Soleyman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Alliance Central Park Fountain, located at 10th St. and Niobrara Ave. in Alliance, Nebraska, was built in 1935 by Civilian Conservation Corps workers.	City of Alliance Central Park Fountain	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skelmorlie Aisle of Largs Old Kirk is the remains of a church in the town of Largs, Ayrshire, Scotland.	Skelmorlie Aisle	Largs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Columbia is a small man-made lake in Columbia Township in southern Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Lake Columbia	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rusher Hotel, also known as the Great Southern Hotel, is a historic hotel building at 127 West Cedar Street in Brinkley, Arkansas.	Rusher Hotel	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barn Elms is an open space in Barnes in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	Barn Elms	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Bandeh (Persian: گاوبنده‎, also Romanized as Gāv Bandeh; also known as Gāvāneh, Gāvbandel, and Gāwāna) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gav Bandeh	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edwin B. Forsythe National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located in southern New Jersey along the Atlantic coast north of Atlantic City, in Atlantic and Ocean counties.	Edwin B. Forsythe National Wildlife Refuge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberlady (Scots: Aiberleddy, Gaelic: Obar Lìobhaite) is a coastal village in the Scottish council area of East Lothian.	Aberlady	East Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almondbank is a large village in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Almondbank	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission San Luis Rey de Francia is a former Spanish mission in an unincorporated part of San Diego county, surrounded by the present-day city of Oceanside, California.	Mission San Luis Rey de Francia	Oceanside
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilton Head Island High School (shortened to Hilton Head High, HHIHS, or HHH) is a public high school within the Beaufort County School District, located in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, USA.	Hilton Head Island High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chemung Railway Depot-Horseheads is a historic railway depot located at Horseheads, Chemung County, New York.	Chemung Railway Depot-Horseheads	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madawaska Lake is a lake covering some 168 km² (65 sq mi) located in Haliburton County, Ontario, within the boundaries of Algonquin Provincial Park.	Madawaska Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odessa Flight Strip is a former military airfield located in Odessa, Texas.	Odessa Flight Strip	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marsden State High School (MSHS) is a secondary school in Logan City, Queensland for students between years 7 and 12.	Marsden State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pomfret Street Historic District is a historic district roughly along Pomfret Street (Route 169), from Bradley Road to Woodstock Road in Pomfret, Connecticut, United States.	Pomfret Street Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pascack Valley High School (PVHS) is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school located in Hillsdale in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as one of two secondary schools in the Pascack Valley Regional High School District.	Pascack Valley High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlantic County Institute of Technology (ACIT) is a four-year countywide vocational public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States, as part of the Atlantic County Vocational School District.	Atlantic County Institute of Technology	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Space Center Houston is the official visitor center of the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center--the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA) center for human spaceflight activities--located in Houston, Texas.	Space Center Houston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mpanda Airport (ICAO: HTMP) is an airport in western Tanzania serving the town of Mpanda and the surrounding Katavi Region.	Mpanda Airport	Katavi Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mid Valley Shopping Centre is a regional shopping centre in Morwell, Victoria, Australia.	Mid Valley Shopping Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2137, or FM 2137, in the eastern part of Texas (USA), runs about 5.23 miles (8.42 km) from an intersection with FM 855 northeast to an intersection with FM 344.	Farm to Market Road 2137	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Studzienno (stuˈd͡ʑennɔ) (German: Kaltenbrunn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytna, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Studzienno	Gmina Szczytna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Monginup also known as Lake Mongingup and Lake Mortijinup is a freshwater lake in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.	Lake Monginup	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kettleman Hills is a low mountain range of the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Kings County, California.	Kettleman Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Hawaiian Hotel is a beachfront luxury hotel located in Waikiki in Honolulu, Hawaii on the island of Oahu.	Royal Hawaiian Hotel	Honolulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Splash Down Waterpark, a waterpark located within Ben Lomond Regional Park in Sudley, Virginia (near Manassas), is operated by the Prince William County Department of Parks and Recreation.	Splash Down Waterpark	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elko Hills are a mountain range in Elko County, in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States.	Elko Hills	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hintonburg is a neighbourhood in Kitchissippi Ward in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, located west of the Downtown core.	Hintonburg	Kitchissippi Ward
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Godlee Observatory is an old astronomical observatory located in a tower on the roof of the University of Manchester's Sackville Street Building (formerly UMIST Main Building), in the City Centre of Manchester, England.	Godlee Observatory	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gregory-Portland High School is a 5A secondary school in Portland, Texas and is a part of the Gregory-Portland Independent School District in southeastern San Patricio County.	Gregory-Portland High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metal Office Furniture Company (Steelcase) Plants No. 2 and 3 are historic manufacturing plants in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Metal Office Furniture Company (Steelcase) Plants No. 2 and 3	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evat (Persian: اوات‎, also Romanized as Evāt; also known as Avbāt, Owbār, and Ūbāt) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Evat	Valupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Azerbaijan Province (Persian: استان آذربایجان شرقی‎‎ Āzarbāijān-e Sharqi; Azerbaijani: شرقی آذربایجان اوستانی‎) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.	East Azerbaijan Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Usza (ˈuʂa) (German: Ausche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Usza	Gmina Ruja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clymer District School No. 5, also known as the Little Red Schoolhouse, is a historic one-room school building located at Clymer in Chautauqua County, New York.	Clymer District School No. 5	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alir (Persian: الير‎, also Romanized as Ālīr) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Alir	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziveh Jik (Persian: زيوه جيك‎, also Romanized as Zīveh Jīk or Zewajik) is a village in Zulachay Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ziveh Jik	Zulachay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mierniki (mjɛrˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mierniki	Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tip Top Tailors Building, now known as the 'Tip Top Lofts' is a former 1920s industrial building converted to condominium lofts in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Tip Top Tailors Building	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrowo-Trojany (pjɔˈtrɔvɔ trɔˈjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Piotrowo-Trojany	Gmina Boćki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morar Cantonment is a cantonment town in Morar Subcity in Gwalior district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Morar Cantonment	Gwalior district
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNMB (900 AM) is a radio station licensed to North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, USA, and serves the greater Myrtle Beach area.	WNMB	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jeffers Petroglyphs site is an outcrop in southwestern Minnesota with pre-contact Native American petroglyphs.	Jeffers Petroglyphs	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palisades Cemetery is located on the cuesta, or descending ridge of the Palisades in North Bergen, New Jersey.	Palisades Cemetery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gregory Gymnasium is the 4,000-seat current home of the University of Texas Longhorn Women's Volleyball team, and former home of the Longhorn Basketball and Swimming teams.	Gregory Gymnasium	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plains of San Agustin (sometimes listed as the Plains of San Augustin) is a region in the southwestern U.S. state of New Mexico in the San Agustin Basin, south of U.S. Highway 60.	Plains of San Agustin	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canterbury Golf Club is a private golf and country club located in the Cleveland suburb of Beachwood, Ohio, US.	Canterbury Golf Club	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierce Arrow Factory Complex is a national historic district consisting of the former Pierce-Arrow automobile factory located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Pierce Arrow Factory Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maskowski District (Belarusian: Маскоўскі, Russian: Московский, Moskovsky Raion), is an adiministrative subdivision of the city of Minsk, Belarus.	Maskowski District	Minsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciboure (Basque: Ziburu, meaning 'end of bridge') is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Ciboure	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Billrothhaus is the headquarters of the Gesellschaft der Ärzte in Wien (College of Physicians in Vienna).	Billrothhaus	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kemeshk (Persian: كمشك‎‎, also Romanized as Kameshk, Kamshak, and Kemishk; also known as Qamīsk) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District, Jenah District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kemeshk	Faramarzan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kas Khurdeh (Persian: كاس خورده‎, also Romanized as Kās Khūrdeh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kas Khurdeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen Anne's County Courthouse is the oldest courthouse still in use in the state of Maryland.	Queen Anne's County Courthouse	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bönen (German pronunciation: (ˈbøːnən)) is a municipality in the district of Unna, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bönen	Unna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buldoo (Scottish Gaelic:) in the far north of Scotland, is a small hamlet 0.5 miles south of Dounreay in Thurso, Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Buldoo	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miner Memorial Library is the public library of Lempster, New Hampshire, located at 3 Second New Hampshire Turnpike.	Miner Memorial Library	Lempster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nisku is a hamlet and an industrial/business park in Alberta, Canada within Leduc County.	Nisku	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Nicola is a rural community in the Nicola Country region of the Southern Interior of British Columbia.	Lower Nicola	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taghcheh Jiq (Persian: تاغچه جيق‎, also Romanized as Ţāghcheh Jīq; also known as Bāghcheh Jīq) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Taghcheh Jiq	Almalu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Université Joseph Fourier (Joseph Fourier University), often known as UJF, is a French university situated in the city of Grenoble and focused on the fields of sciences, technologies and health.	Joseph Fourier University	Grenoble
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolland Halt (more commonly, simply ``Dolland'' in unofficial timings) is a diminutive intermediate stopping place on the northern section of the Manx Electric Railway in the Isle of Man.	Dolland Halt	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	The World's Fair Marina is a public marina in Flushing Bay, Queens, New York.	World's Fair Marina	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amherst Central High School (ACHS) is a public high school in Snyder, New York, a hamlet within the town of Amherst, which is located within the Buffalo-Niagara Falls metropolitan area.	Amherst Central High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ventana Cave (O'odham: Nakaijegel) is an archaeological site in southern Arizona.	Ventana Cave	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łumbie (ˈwumbjɛ), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Łumbie	Sejny County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thurso (pronounced /ˈθɜːrsoʊ/, Scots: Thursa, Scottish Gaelic: Inbhir Theòrsa) is a town and former burgh on the north coast of the Highland council area of Scotland.	Thurso	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandalabad (Persian: سندل اباد‎, also Romanized as Sandalābād) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sandalabad	Aladagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nundah Cemetery is a heritage-listed cemetery, located at 88 Hedley Avenue in the suburb of Nundah, Queensland in the city of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Nundah Cemetery	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	CISE-FM is an English language travelers' information and a community radio station that broadcasts at 93.1 FM in Wolseley, Saskatchewan and also 95.3 FM in Caron, Saskatchewan, Canada.	CISE-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKNH (91.3 FM, ``Keene 91.3 FM'') is a student-run radio station licensed to serve Keene, New Hampshire.	WKNH	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcul de Triumf is a triumphal arch located in the northern part of Bucharest, on the Kiseleff Road.	Arcul de Triumf	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Pedro de Penaferrim (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w̃ ˈpedɾu dɨ pɨnɐfɨˈʁĩ)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sintra, Lisbon District, Portugal.	São Pedro de Penaferrim	Sintra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasemabad-e Akhavan (Persian: قاسماباداخوان‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Ākhavān; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Akhavan	Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakh-e Sefid (Persian: لاخ سفيد‎, also Romanized as Lākh-e Sefīd) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Lakh-e Sefid	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appekunny Formation is a thick series of rock strata located in the Lewis Range within Glacier National Park, in the U.S. state of Montana.	Appekunny Formation	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kant (Shahjahanpur) is a town and a nagar panchayat of Shahjahanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Kant (Shahjahanpur)	Shahjahanpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stausee Mapragg (Mapragg reservoir) is located at Pfäfers in the Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.	Stausee Mapragg	Canton of St. Gallen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wensheng District (simplified Chinese: 文圣区; traditional Chinese: 文聖區; pinyin: Wénshèng Qū) is a district of Liaoyang City, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Wensheng District	Liaoyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodovia dos Tamoios (official designation SP-099) is a highway in the Brazilian state of São Paulo.	Rodovia dos Tamoios	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trinity Neighborhood House is a historic brick townhouse at 406 Meridian Street located in the Eagle Hill section of East Boston, Massachusetts.	Trinity Neighborhood House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bear Valley National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge located in the southwestern part of Klamath County, Oregon, near the California border.	Bear Valley National Wildlife Refuge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swimbridge (historical spelling: Swymbridge) is a village in the English county of Devon.	Swimbridge	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Consolidated Mine was a gold mine in Lumpkin County, Georgia, United States, just east of Dahlonega.	Consolidated Mine	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	West of Fifty Lower Falls is a 5.5 metre high twin classic waterfall found on private property, (private without permission to access), in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	West of Fifty Lower Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garlogie (Scottish Gaelic: Geàrr Lagaidh) is a roadside hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Garlogie	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Cheyenne Cañon Park or North Cheyenne Canyon Park is a regional park located in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	North Cheyenne Cañon Park	Colorado Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timworth is a village and civil parish 65 miles (104km) north east of London and 26 miles (42 km) east of Cambridge in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk, eastern England.	Timworth	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benbecula (/bɛnˈbɛkjʉlə/; Scottish Gaelic: Beinn nam Fadhla, or Beinn na Faoghla pronounced (peɲəˈvɤːlˠ̪ə)) is an island of the Outer Hebrides in the Atlantic Ocean off the west coast of Scotland.	Benbecula	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peräseinäjoki merged with the town of Seinäjoki on January 1, 2005.	Peräseinäjoki	Seinäjoki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuksy (ˈkuksɨ) (German: Kuxen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kuksy	Gmina Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Empire Airport (ICAO: KMKJ, FAA LID: MKJ) is a public use airport in Smyth County, Virginia, United States.	Mountain Empire Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kouaku is an island of the Gambier Islands of French Polynesia.	Kouaku	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	GM Powertrain Flint North (GMPT Flint North) was a General Motors automobile engine and components plant located at the Stewart Avenue exit of I-475 in Flint, Michigan .	Flint North	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churchville School, also known as Fischer School, is a former school building located in unincorporated Bensenville, Illinois.	Churchville School	Bensenville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert B. Annis Water Resources Institute (AWRI), is located in Muskegon, Michigan at the Lake Michigan Center on Muskegon Lake.	Annis Water Resources Institute	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeniseysk-15 was the site of a disputed Soviet phased array radar near Yeniseysk in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Siberia.	Yeniseysk-15	Krasnoyarsk Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niwiska Górne (niˈviska ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niwiska Górne	Gmina Pajęczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiashahr Rural District (Persian: دهستان كياشهر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kiashahr Rural District	Kiashahr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghlujeh-ye Aqa (Persian: باغلوجه اقا‎, also Romanized as Bāghlūjeh-ye Āqā; also known as Baghlūjah, Bāghlūjeh, and Bagludzhakh) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Baghlujeh-ye Aqa	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Children's Zoo at Celebration Square is a zoo located in Saginaw, Michigan.	Children's Zoo at Celebration Square	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rizeh Mandan (Persian: ريزه مندان‎, also Romanized as Rīzeh Mandān; also known as Rīzmandan) is a village in Masal Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rizeh Mandan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Beque Canyon is a narrow canyon on the Colorado River in western Colorado in the United States.	De Beque Canyon	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ezhuang (Chinese: 颜庄镇) is a town in Gangcheng District, Laiwu, in central Shandong province, China.	Ezhuang	Gangcheng District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fostoria Metropolitan Airport (ICAO: KFZI, FAA LID: FZI) is a city-owned public airport two miles northeast of Fostoria, Ohio.	Fostoria Metropolitan Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divalak (Persian: ديوالك‎, also Romanized as Dīvālak) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Divalak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sisters High School (SHS) is a public high school located in Sisters, Oregon, United States.	Sisters High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wichrowo (viˈxrɔvɔ) (German Wichertshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wichrowo	Gmina Dobre Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owens Peak is named after Richard Owens (1812--1902), an Ohio born explorer (aka ``Owings''), who accompanied John C. Fremont on his third expedition to California (1845--1946).	Owens Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogary (ɔˈɡarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ogary	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oskarström is the second largest locality in Halmstad Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 4,071 inhabitants in 2010.	Oskarström	Halmstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Salt Lake Council is a local council of the Boy Scouts of America and serves the Utah counties of Salt Lake, Tooele and Summit, as well as much of Davis County.	Great Salt Lake Council	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehgandar (Persian: ده گندر‎ ; also known as Dehqāndar) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dehgandar	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Devil's Arrows are three standing stones or menhirs in an alignment erected near where the A1 road now crosses the River Ure at Boroughbridge in North Yorkshire, England (grid reference SE390666).	Devil's Arrows	Boroughbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Columb Minor (Cornish: Colom) is a village on the north coast of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Columb Minor	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Gazi (Persian: ده گزي‎, also Romanized as Deh Gazī) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Gazi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahshur-e Ali Nazer (Persian: كهشورعلي نظر‎, also Romanized as Kahshūr-e ʿAlī Naẓer) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kahshur-e Ali Nazer	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leon United Methodist Church, now known as the Leon Historical Society Museum, is a historic United Methodist church building located at Leon in Cattaraugus County, New York.	Leon United Methodist Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryłówek (brɨˈwuvɛk) (German: Deutsch Breile) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bryłówek	Gmina Wiązów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veerlapalem, is a major village in Duggirala mandal in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh, South India.	Veerlapalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tillietudlem is a fictional castle in Walter Scott's 1816 novel Old Mortality, and a modern settlement in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Tillietudlem	South Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botanischer Garten Krefeld (3.6 hectares), more formally the Botanischer Garten der Stadt Krefeld, is a municipal botanical garden located at Sandberg 2, Krefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Botanischer Garten Krefeld	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robeston Wathen is a rural village and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales, 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Narberth, on the former Narberth to Haverfordwest turnpike, now the A40.	Robeston Wathen	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hozat (Ottoman Turkish: خوزات‎ and Kurdish: Xozat‎ ,) is a small city and its surrounding district in Tunceli Province of Turkey.	Hozat	Tunceli Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijie (simplified Chinese: 毕节; traditional Chinese: 畢節; pinyin: Bìjíe) is a prefecture-level city in northwestern Guizhou Province, China, bordering Sichuan to the north and Yunnan to the west.	Bijie	Guizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haticepınar is a village of Afşin in Kahramanmaraş Province in Turkey.	Haticepınar	Afşin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckingham Hotel, later the Ambassador Hotel, was an upmarket hotel which existed in St. Louis, Missouri, United States in the early twentieth century.	Buckingham Hotel	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milișăuți is a town in Suceava County, northeastern Romania.	Milișăuți	Suceava County
located in the administrative territorial entity	CPR Toronto Yard is a facility located in northeast Toronto, Ontario, Canada, often incorrectly referred to as Agincourt Yard because it is located in Agincourt, a neighbourhood of Toronto.	CPR Toronto Yard	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSGS is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Hazard, Kentucky, United States, serving Eastern Kentucky and Southwest Virginia.	WSGS	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Didling is a tiny village in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England.	Didling	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franklin Falls Historic District is a 75-acre (30 ha) historic district encompassing most of the civic and industrial heart of Franklin, New Hampshire, which saw its most significant development in the second half of the 19th century and the first decades of the 20th.	Franklin Falls Historic District	Franklin, New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Heron Airport (FAA LID: N25, formerly NK93) is a privately owned, public use airport in Schoharie County, New York, United States.	Blue Heron Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warehouse Theatre was a professional producing theatre with 100 seats in the centre of the London Borough of Croydon, south London, England based in an oak-beamed former cement Victorian warehouse.	Warehouse Theatre	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hayes Barton Historic District is a neighborhood located northwest of downtown Raleigh, North Carolina.	Hayes Barton Historic District	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belgamba railway station is a closed station on the Main North railway line in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.	Belgamba railway station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponca City High School is a public high school that serves 1,637 students in grades 9-12, located in Ponca City, Oklahoma.	Ponca City High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peccioli (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpɛttʃoli)) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 50 kilometres (31 miles) southwest of Florence and about 30 km (19 miles) southeast of Pisa.	Peccioli	Province of Pisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Vermilion is a hamlet on the Peace River in northern Alberta, Canada, within Mackenzie County.	Fort Vermilion	Mackenzie County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Zal Naqi (Persian: باغ زال نقي‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Zāl Naqī; also known as Bāgh-e Zāl and Bāgh Zāl) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Zal Naqi	Khabar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qianshan County is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Anqing City.	Qianshan County	Anqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 177, or FM 177, in the eastern part of Texas (USA), runs about 4.98 miles (8.01 km) from an intersection with US 69 in Mount Selman east to Mixon at an intersection with SH 135.	Farm to Market Road 177	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okeechobee County Airport (IATA: OBE, ICAO: KOBE, FAA LID: OBE) is a general aviation airport located 3 mi (4.82 km) northwest of Okeechobee, in Okeechobee County, Florida.	Okeechobee County Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gabriel Richard Catholic High School, usually referred to as Gabriel Richard or simply GR, is a Catholic, coed high school in Riverview, Michigan, United States, south of Detroit.	Gabriel Richard Catholic High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waverly Street Bridge, also called the Westernport Bowstring Arch Truss Bridge, is a historic steel truss bridge at Westernport, Allegany County, Maryland, United States.	Waverly Street Bridge	Allegany County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Youth School (MYS) is one of a very small group of alternative schools set up by the state of North Carolina for students that would benefit in an alternative classroom setting.	Mountain Youth School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	W. Dennie Spry Soccer Stadium (usually called Spry Stadium) is a soccer-specific stadium located on the campus of Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina where it is home to the Wake Forest Demon Deacons soccer teams.	W. Dennie Spry Soccer Stadium	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Addlestone (/ˈædəlstən/ or /ædəlstoʊn/) is the administrative town of the borough of Runnymede in the county of Surrey, England.	Addlestone	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPCJ (91.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Pittsford, Michigan broadcasting a religious format.	WPCJ	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pashuiyeh (Persian: پشوييه‎, also Romanized as Pashū’īyeh) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pashuiyeh	Anduhjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jindong District (simplified Chinese: 金东区; traditional Chinese: 金東區; pinyin: Jīndong Qū) is an administrative district in Jinhua, Zhejiang Province of China.	Jindong District	Jinhua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Creeslough (/ˈkriːsˌlɒx/; Irish: An Craoslach (ə ˈkˠɾˠiːsˠˌlɑx), meaning 'The Gorge' or 'Throat Lake' ) is a village in County Donegal, Ireland.	Creeslough	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Wągrodzka (ˈvɔla vɔŋˈɡrɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Wągrodzka	Gmina Prażmów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mana Ahmadani (Urdu: مانہ احمدانی‎), is a town and union council of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Mana Ahmadani	Dera Ghazi Khan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Casino St. Louis is a riverboat casino in Maryland Heights, Missouri, near St. Louis.	Hollywood Casino St. Louis	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	7XS is a radio station based in Queenstown, Tasmania, Australia, broadcasting on the FM radio band on a frequency of 92.1 MHz Queenstown, 105.1 MHz Strahan and 107.1 Rosebery on the west-coast of Tasmania.	7XS	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gasehabad (Persian: گسه اباد‎, also Romanized as Gasehābād, Kasehābād, and Kasāābād) is a village in Azna Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gasehabad	Azna Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toronto West Detention Centre was a maximum security remand facility located in Rexdale, a community located in the north-west corner of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto West Detention Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utinatuk Glacier is a glacier located on the central coast of Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Utinatuk Glacier	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Kichary (ˈstarɛ kiˈxarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stare Kichary	Gmina Dwikozy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamień Śląski (ˈkamjɛɲ ˈɕlɔ̃ski) (German: Gross Stein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kamień Śląski	Gmina Gogolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portola Redwoods State Park is a California state park, located in San Mateo County.	Portola Redwoods State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khakhian (Persian: خاخيان‎, also Romanized as Khākhīān) is a village in Takab Rural District, in the Central District of Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khakhian	Takab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goslar and Osterode am Harz in the west, Harz and Mansfeld-Südharz in the north and east, and Nordhausen in the south.	Harz	Goslar	Osterode	Mansfeld-Südharz	Nordhausen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harbour Solutions Project is a Canadian public infrastructure project in the Halifax, Nova Scotia region.	Harbour Solutions	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green Island Bridge crosses the Hudson River in New York, connecting Green Island with Troy.	Green Island Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spokane College was the name of two colleges in Spokane, Washington.	Spokane College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Olímpico Regional Arnaldo Busatto, sometimes nicknamed Ninho das Cobras (meaning Snake Nest) is a multi-use stadium in Cascavel, Brazil.	Estádio Olímpico Regional Arnaldo Busatto	Cascavel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre Branca (``Branca Tower'') is an iron panoramic tower located in Parco Sempione, the main city park of Milan, Italy.	Torre Branca	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malekabad-e Somaq (Persian: ملک آباد سماق‎, also Romanized as Malekābād-e Somaq; also known as Malekābād) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Malekabad-e Somaq	Teshkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pahn Kesh (Persian: پهن كش‎) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pahn Kesh	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Fork Reservoir is a reservoir located in Wood, Rains, and Hopkins counties in the state of Texas, between the towns of Quitman, Alba, Emory, and Yantis, Texas.	Lake Fork Reservoir	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pachole (paˈxɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pachole	Gmina Dębowa Kłoda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knick-Ei (``dented egg'') was the nickname of a sports hall located at the corner of Feldstraße and Bahnhofstraße in the city of Halstenbek, located in Pinneberg county in the state of Schleswig-Holstein in northern Germany.	Knick-Ei	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rożki-Kolonia (ˈrɔʂki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rożki-Kolonia	Gmina Żółkiewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Six Mile Creek Marina is a 21-acre (0.085 km2) state park and marina located on the upper Niagara River on Grand Island in Erie County, New York.	Big Six Mile Creek Marina	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Hampton Airport (IATA: HTO, ICAO: KHTO, FAA LID: HTO) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of East Hampton, a village in the Town of East Hampton, Suffolk County, New York, United States.	East Hampton Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sacrifice Rock is a historic Native American site in Plymouth, Massachusetts in the Pine Hills region, in the northern section of The Pinehills residential project on Old Sandwich Road.	Sacrifice Rock	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Khaleseh (Persian: علي ابادخالصه‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Khāleṣeh; also known as ``Alīābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 29 families.	Aliabad-e Khaleseh	Tarand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scurelle (German: Schurell) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Trento.	Scurelle	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natset is a major village on the Chindwin River in Paungbyin Township, Mawlaik District, in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	Natset	Paungbyin Township
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Ship Street Historic District is a historic district on both sides of Pleasant St. from Riverside Ave. to Park Street in Medford, Massachusetts.	Old Ship Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pusad is a town and a second largest municipal council in Yavatmal district after Yavatmal of Vidarbha region in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Pusad	Yavatmal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hangers Way is a 21 mile long-distance footpath through Hampshire, England from Alton railway station to Queen Elizabeth Country Park.	Hangers Way	Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winston Barracks was a British Army base, located 2 miles (3.2 km) east of Lanark, Scotland.	Winston Barracks	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	1010 Common (formerly the Bank of New Orleans Building), located at 1010 Common Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 31-story, 438-foot (134 m)-tall skyscraper.	1010 Common	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manduvavaripalem is a small village in Ongole mandal, Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Manduvavaripalem	Prakasam district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Changuleh (Persian: شهرك چنگوله‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Changūleh) is a village in Mohsen Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Mehran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Changuleh	Mohsen Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarput-e Fartaq (Persian: سرپوت فارتق‎, also Romanized as Sarpūt-e Fārtaq) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sarput-e Fartaq	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishgan (Persian: بيشگان‎, also Romanized as Bīshgān; also known as Bashgān, Bayānī, and Beyānī) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bishgan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lane-end is a hamlet in the parish of Egloshayle, Cornwall, England.	Lane-end	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarakhs County (Persian: شهرستان سرخس‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Sarakhs County	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balewko (baˈlɛfkɔ) (German: Klein Baalau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Balewko	Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miankuh Sadat (Persian: ميانكوه سادات‎, also Romanized as Mīānkūh Sādāt) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Miankuh Sadat	Do Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balf (German: Wolfs) is a town in Hungary, a district of Sopron.	Balf	Sopron
located in the administrative territorial entity	KICB (88.1 FM) is a non-commercial radio station that serves the Fort Dodge, Iowa area.	KICB	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suskowola (suskɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Suskowola	Gmina Pionki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goldwater Institute is a Phoenix, Arizona-based conservative and libertarian public policy think tank.	Goldwater Institute	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dilhorn House is a two storey Federation Queen Anne-style building located on the corner of Bulwer and Lord Streets, Perth, Western Australia.	Dilhorn House	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelartegan (Persian: پلارتگان‎, also Romanized as Pelārtegān) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District, Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Pelartegan	Garkan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoney Creek Airport, (TC LID: CPF6), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) east of Stoney Creek, Ontario, Canada.	Stoney Creek Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Boca is a neighborhood, or barrio of the Argentine capital, Buenos Aires.	La Boca	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrzyków (dɔˈbʐɨkuf) (1943-1945, German Weichselhöh) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dobrzyków	Gmina Gąbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Nas (Persian: قره نا س‎, also Romanized as Qareh Nās; also known as Qarah Nāz) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qareh Nas	Anguran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dallas Center Air Force Station (ADC ID: M-122) is a United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station 3.7 miles (6.0 km) northeast of Dallas Center, Iowa, that was closed in 1957.	Dallas Center Air Force Station	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podmąchocice (pɔdmɔ̃xɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Podmąchocice	Gmina Górno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lage Zwaluwe is a village in the municipality Drimmelen, North Brabant, the Netherlands.	Lage Zwaluwe	Drimmelen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broniew (ˈbrɔɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Broniew	Gmina Sadkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadaveekam is a village near Jayankondam, Ariyalur district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vadaveekam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lizard Lounge is a nightclub situated in between Harvard Square and Porter Square on Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Lizard Lounge	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McCrary House (also known as McVille) is a historic farm house near Huntsville in Madison County, Alabama.	McCrary House	Madison County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reigle Field (FAA LID: 58N), also known as Reigle Airport, is a privately owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) south of the central business district of Palmyra, in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Reigle Field	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilmer is a village in Buckinghamshire at the foot of the Chiltern Hills about 3 miles (5 km) northwest of Princes Risborough, near the boundary with Oxfordshire.	Ilmer	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhaluee (also known as Bhalui) is a village in Lakhisarai district, Bihar, India.	Bhaluee	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandia, and the whole Safor comarca, is said to be the centre of the Raspall variant of the Valencian pilota autochthonous sport.	Gandia	Safor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upton Cross and Upton are hamlets a quarter of a mile apart in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Upton Cross	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sydenham Falls is a 15 metre ribbon waterfall near the Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls Conservation Area in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Sydenham Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pocomoke State Forest is a state forest of Maryland that lies on both banks of the Pocomoke River in Worcester County.	Pocomoke State Forest	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wellsville Tabernacle was built as a Gothic Revival-styled meetinghouse of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and is located in Wellsville, Cache County, Utah.	Wellsville Tabernacle	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divrash (Persian: ديورش‎, also Romanized as Dīvrash) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Divrash	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorocza Nóżka (sɔˈrɔt͡ʂa ˈnuʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Sorocza Nóżka	Gmina Hajnówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Academy of the Canyons (AOC) is a public middle college high school in Santa Clarita, California, USA.	Academy of the Canyons	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hojjatabad-e Kharaji (Persian: حجت اباد خراجي‎, also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād-e Kharājī; also known as Ḩojjatābād) is a village in Abnama Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hojjatabad-e Kharaji	Abnama Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlton Island is an uninhabited island located in James Bay, Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Charlton Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simon Cameron House, also known as John Harris Mansion and the Harris-Cameron Mansion is a site in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	Simon Cameron House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Providence School District is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade in New Providence in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	New Providence School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korzyścienko (kɔʐɨɕˈt͡ɕenkɔ) (German: Neu Werder) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Korzyścienko	Gmina Kołobrzeg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Hesaran (Persian: دوحصاران‎, also Romanized as Do Ḩeşārān and Doḩeşārān; also known as Deh Sarūn and Sarun) is a village in Ayask Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Do Hesaran	Ayask Rural District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yates Mill is a fully restored, circa 1756 gristmill located five miles (8 km) south of downtown Raleigh, North Carolina.	Yates Mill	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Regional District of Kootenay Boundary (RDKB) is a regional district in the province of British Columbia, Canada.	Regional District of Kootenay Boundary	British Columbia
manufacturer	The Baldwin DR-12-8-1500/2 (known informally as the Centipede) was the Baldwin Locomotive Works' first serious attempt at a production road diesel locomotive.	Baldwin DR-12-8-1500/2	Baldwin Locomotive Works
manufacturer	HMS E48 was a British E class submarine launched by Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Govan in 1916 and was completed by William Beardmore and Company, Dalmuir.	HMS E48	William Beardmore and Company
manufacturer	The Hudson Jet is a compact automobile that was produced by the Hudson Motor Car Company of Detroit, Michigan during the 1953 and 1954 model years.	Hudson Jet	Hudson Motor Car Company
manufacturer	The Leica M Monochrom is a digital camera in Leica Camera AG's rangefinder M series, and features a monochrome sensor.	Leica M Monochrom	Leica Camera
manufacturer	Fujifilm FinePix S9500 or FinePix S9000 is a bridge digital camera released by Fujifilm in 2005 and intended for the enthusiastic amateur.	FinePix S9500	Fujifilm
military branch	Lieutenant General Sir Napier Crookenden, KCB, DSO, OBE, DL (31 August 1915 -- 31 October 2002) was a British Army General who reached high office in the 1960s.	Napier Crookenden	British Army
military branch	Christopher O'Dowd (6 September 1920 -- 6 October 1943), was an Irish founder member of the British Army's Special Air Service.	Christopher O'Dowd	British Army
military branch	John Clitherow enlisted in the British Army in 1799 and served in the Egyptian campaign of 1801 and in the Peninsular War among other assignments.	John Clitherow	British Army
military branch	F 18 Tullinge, Södertörns flygflottilj, Royal Södertörn Air Force Wing, or simply ``F 18'', is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located in Tullinge just south-west of the capital Stockholm on the east coast.	F 18 Tullinge	Swedish Air Force
military branch	The 15th (King's) Parachute Battalion was an airborne infantry battalion of the Parachute Regiment, raised by the British Army in World War II. The 15th Parachute Battalion was formed in India during 1945 from the 1st Battalion the King's Regiment (Liverpool).	15th (King's) Parachute Battalion	British Army
military branch	Richard Huck is a retired United States Marine Corps officer.	Richard Huck	United States Marine Corps
military branch	General Sir Francis Seymour, 1st Baronet, GCB (2 August 1813, Lisburn, County Down -- 10 July 1890, Kensington Palace, London) was a British Army officer and courtier.	Sir Francis Seymour, 1st Baronet	British Army
military branch	The Grenadier Guards (GREN GDS) is an infantry regiment of the British Army.	Grenadier Guards	British Army
military branch	Sir Thomas Bertie RSO (3 July 1758 -- 13 June 1825), born Thomas Hoar, was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Thomas Bertie	Royal Navy
military branch	Commodore William Farquharson Burnett, CB (c. 1837 -- 7 February 1863) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy.	William Farquharson Burnett	Royal Navy
military branch	Sir Andrew Snape Douglas (8 October 1761 -- 4 June 1797) was a distinguished Scottish sea captain in the Royal Navy during the American War of Independence and French Revolutionary Wars.	Andrew Snape Douglas	Royal Navy
military branch	Beverly W. Reid (1917--1942) was a United States Navy officer who received the Navy Cross for his actions in combat during World War II.	Beverly W. Reid	United States Navy
military branch	Chaplain (Major General) Stuart E. Barstad, USAF (August 9, 1929 -- August 25, 2009) was an American Air Force officer who served as Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force from 1985 to 1988.	Stuart E. Barstad	United States Air Force
military branch	Admiral Sir Charles Hardy (ca. 1714 -- 18 May 1780) was a Royal Navy officer and colonial governor of New York.	Charles Hardy	Royal Navy
military branch	General Sir Clive Gerard Liddell KCB CMG CBE DSO (1 May 1883 -- 9 September 1956) was Adjutant-General to the Forces of the British Army.	Clive Gerard Liddell	British Army
military branch	Major General Marcelite J. Harris (born January 16, 1943, Houston, Texas) became the first African-American female general officer of the United States Air Force.	Marcelite J. Harris	United States Air Force
military branch	Major-General Sir William Julius Gascoigne KCMG (29 May 1844 -- 9 September 1926) was a British Army officer and served as General Officer Commanding the Militia of Canada from 1895 to 1898.	William Julius Gascoigne	British Army
military branch	William Nassau Lees (1825--1889) was a British Army officer in India, known as an orientalist.	William Nassau Lees	British Army
military branch	Clarence Page Townsley (September 24, 1855--December 28, 1926) was a career United States Army officer who became superintendent of the United States Military Academy.	Clarence Page Townsley	United States Army
military branch	John Scott Redd (born September 10, 1944) was a vice admiral of the United States Navy, and afterward the first Senate-confirmed Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, serving from 2005 until 2007.	John Scott Redd	United States Navy
military branch	Marshall S. Roth was a major general in the United States Air Force.	Marshall S. Roth	United States Air Force
military branch	Brigadier Bernard Howlett, D.S.O. and Bar (18 December 1898 - 29 November 1943) was a professional soldier in the British Army, who was killed in action in Italy.	Bernard Howlett	British Army
military branch	Captain John Northall (1723?--1759) was an officer of the British Army and a writer.	John Northall	British Army
military branch	Iftikhar Ahmed Sirohey, NI(M), SBt, HI, (born 1934), is a retired four-star admiral who was the 10th Chief of Naval Staff (CNS) of Pakistan Navy from 1986 to 1988.	Iftikhar Ahmed Sirohey	Pakistan Navy
military branch	The USNS Leroy Grumman (T-AO-195), a United States Navy fleet replenishment oiler, christened by his three daughters was launched in 1988 and delivered to the U.S. Navy in 1989.	Leroy Grumman	United States Navy
military branch	Field Marshal Sir Edward Blakeney GCB GCH PC (Ire) (26 March 1778 -- 2 August 1868) was a British Army officer.	Edward Blakeney	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir Benjamin Hallowell Carew GCB, (born Benjamin Hallowell) (?1 January 1761 -- 2 September 1834) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy.	Benjamin Hallowell Carew	Royal Navy
military branch	Lieutenant Kenneth MacLeish, USN (19 September 1894 -- 14 October 1918) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War I. A Naval aviator, he received the Navy Cross posthumously for his combat actions.	Kenneth MacLeish	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-General Peter Hunter (11 July 1746 -- 21 August 1805) was a British Army officer and colonial administrator.	Peter Hunter	British Army
military branch	The 26th (Cameronian) Regiment of Foot was a Scottish infantry regiment of the British Army, active from 1689 to 1881.	26th (Cameronian) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	John Baillie McIntosh (June 6, 1829 -- June 29, 1888), although born in Florida, served as a Union Army brigadier general in the American Civil War.	John Baillie McIntosh	Union Army
military branch	Admiral James Saumarez, 1st Baron de Saumarez (or Sausmarez), GCB (11 March 1757 -- 9 October 1836) was an admiral of the British Royal Navy, notable for his victory at the Battle of Algeciras.	James Saumarez, 1st Baron de Saumarez	Royal Navy
military branch	George Croghan Reid (December 9, 1876 -- February 19, 1961) was a Brigadier General in the United States Marine Corps and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz.	George Croghan Reid	United States Marine Corps
military branch	James L. Jamerson (born January 29, 1941) is a retired United States Air Force General.	James L. Jamerson	United States Air Force
military branch	Eliakim Sherrill (February 16, 1813 -- July 4, 1863) was an antebellum United States Congressman from the state of New York and a brigade commander in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Eliakim Sherrill	Union Army
military branch	Leopold Münster (13 December 1920 -- 8 May 1944) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II. Leopold Münster claimed 95 victories, 25 on the Western Front.	Leopold Münster	Luftwaffe
military branch	Raymond McCreesh (Irish: Réamonn Mac Raois, 25 February 1957 -- 21 May 1981) was a volunteer in the South Armagh Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).	Raymond McCreesh	Provisional Irish Republican Army
military branch	The Royal Irish Rangers (27th (Inniskilling), 83rd and 87th) was a regular infantry regiment of the British Army with a relatively short existence, formed in 1968 and later merged with several other Irish regiments in 1992 to form the Royal Irish Regiment.	Royal Irish Rangers	British Army
military branch	Richard Henry Stevens (9 April 1893 -- 12 February 1967) was a major in the British Army and from 1939 Head of the Passport Control Office (PCO) of the British Secret Intelligence Service in the Netherlands.	Richard Henry Stevens	British Army
military branch	Air Vice Marshal Raymond Collishaw CB, DSO & Bar, OBE, DSC, DFC (22 November 1893 -- 28 September 1976) was a distinguished Canadian fighter pilot, squadron leader, and commanding officer who served in the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS) and later the Royal Air Force.	Raymond Collishaw	Royal Air Force
military branch	Frederick Behne (October 3, 1873 -- February 11, 1918) was a fireman first class serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Frederick Behne	United States Navy
military branch	Sir Frescheville Holles (8 June 1642 -- 28 May 1672) was an English Royal Navy officer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1666 to 1672.	Frescheville Holles	Royal Navy
military branch	Sandra E. Adams is a Rear admiral in the United States Navy.	Sandra E. Adams	United States Navy
military branch	Major-General Christopher Haslett Elliott, CVO, CBE (born 26 May 1947) is a former senior British Army officer who served as Defence Services Secretary from 2001 to 2004.	Christopher Haslett Elliott	British Army
military branch	George W. McIver (February 22, 1858 -- May 9, 1947) was a United States Army Brigadier General who served as acting Chief of the Militia Bureau and commanded the 161st Infantry Brigade in World War I.	George W. McIver	United States Army
military branch	General of the Army Vladimir Sergeyevich Mikhaylov (Russian: Владимир Серге́евич Михайлов; born October 6, 1943) is a former commander-in-chief of the Russian Air Force.	Vladimir Sergeyevich Mikhaylov	Russian Air Force
mother	Lord Frederick Windsor (Frederick Michael George David Louis; born 6 April 1979), also nicknamed Freddie Windsor, is a British financial analyst, and the only son of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent (born Baroness Marie-Christine von Reibnitz).	Lord Frederick Windsor	Princess Michael of Kent
mother	Olof Skötkonung (c. 980--1022) was King of Sweden, son of Eric the Victorious and, according to Icelandic sources, Sigrid the Haughty.	Olof Skötkonung	Sigrid the Haughty
mother	Ibrahim ibn Muhammad (Arabic script إبرهيم بن محمد) was the male child of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and Maria al-Qibtiyya.	Ibrahim ibn Muhammad	Maria al-Qibtiyya
mother	Isabelle of Luxembourg (1247--1298) was a daughter of Henry V of Luxembourg and his wife, Margaret of Bar.	Isabelle of Luxembourg	Margaret of Bar
mother	According to Snorri Sturluson in the Prose Edda, Forseti is the son of Baldr and Nanna.	Forseti	Nanna
mother	Infanta Isabel Maria of Portugal ( Portuguese pronunciation: (izɐˈbɛɫ mɐˈɾiɐ); Queluz, 4 July 1801 -- Benfica, then Belém, 22 April 1876 was a Portuguese infanta (princess) daughter of King John VI of Portugal and his wife Carlota Joaquina of Spain. She acted as regent for two years.	Infanta Isabel Maria of Portugal	Carlota Joaquina of Spain
mother	May-day's dam, the Rubens mare, was an unnamed daughter of Rubens out of Tippitywitchet and was one of the outstanding broodmares of her time.	May-day	Rubens mare
mother	Gheorghe Remenco (November 19, 1918 - October 29, 1977) was a journalist and author from Chişinău, Bessarabia, son of Alexandra Remenco and Dumitru Remenco.	Gheorghe Remenco	Alexandra Remenco
mother	Priya Dutt is the daughter of the late Bollywood actor and politician Sunil Dutt and Nargis.	Priya Dutt	Nargis
mother	Liu Chuyu was the oldest of six children of Emperor Xiaowu's wife Empress Wang Xianyuan, although her birth date is not known.	Liu Chuyu	Empress Wang Xianyuan
mother	Cassandra (Greek: Κασσάνδρα, pronounced (kas̚sándra͜a), also Κασάνδρα), also known as Alexandra or Kassandra, was the daughter of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy.	Cassandra	Hecuba
mother	Theudebald or Theodebald (in modern English, Theobald; in French, Thibaud or Théodebald; in German, Theudowald) (c. 535--555), son of Theudebert I and Deuteria, was the king of Metz, Rheims, or Austrasia--as it's variously called--from 547 or 548 to 555.	Theudebald	Deuteria
mother	Knud Ibsen was the son of ship's captain Henrich Ibsen and Johanne Plesner; his paternal great-grandfather had immigrated from Denmark to Norway in 1726; the family's earliest known ancestor was Rasmus Ibsen (1632--1703) from Stege, Denmark (cf. Rasmus Gynt in Peer Gynt).	Knud Ibsen	Johanne Plesner
mother	Srividya was born on 24 July 1953 at Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India to Tamil film comedian Krishnamurthy and Carnatic classical singer M. L. Vasanthakumari.	Srividya	M. L. Vasanthakumari
mother	Claude Brasseur was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine as Claude Pierre Espinasse, the son of actor Pierre Brasseur and actress Odette Joyeux and grandson of Jules Brasseur.	Claude Brasseur	Odette Joyeux
mother	In Greek mythology, Nereus (/ˈnɪəriəs, ˈnɪərjuːs/; Greek: Νηρεύς) was the eldest son of Pontus (the Sea) and Gaia (the Earth), who with Doris fathered the Nereids and Nerites, with whom Nereus lived in the Aegean Sea.	Nereus	Gaia
mother	King Æthelbald of Wessex or Ethelbald (Old English: Æþelbald) was the second of the five sons of King Æthelwulf of Wessex and Osburh.	Æthelbald of Wessex	Osburh
mother	Prince Hubertus of Prussia (Hubertus Karl Wilhelm; 30 September 1909 -- 8 April 1950) was the third son of Crown Prince Wilhelm of Germany and Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.	Prince Hubertus of Prussia	Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin
mother	Frederick of Luxembourg (965 -- 6 October 1019), Count of Moselgau, was a son of Siegfried of Luxembourg and Hedwig of Nordgau.	Frederick of Luxembourg	Hedwig of Nordgau
mother	Ann Clare Brokaw (April 25, 1924 -- January 11, 1944, Palo Alto, Calif.) was the only child of Clare Boothe Brokaw (later Clare Boothe Luce) and George Tuttle Brokaw.	Ann Clare Brokaw	Clare Boothe Luce
mother	Jase Robertson was born to Phil and Marsha ``Kay'' Robertson in Bernice, Louisiana.	Jase Robertson	Kay'' Robertson
mother	Anastasiya Vertinskaya was born on December 19, 1944, in Moscow, soon after her father, the famous singer-songwriter Alexander Vertinsky returned from Harbin with his Georgian wife, painter and actress Lidiya Vertinskaya (née Tsirgvava).	Anastasiya Vertinskaya	Lidiya Vertinskaya
mother	Mechtild of Nassau (before 1280 -- 19 June 1323) was the youngest child of Adolf of Germany and his wife Imagina of Isenburg-Limburg.	Mechtild of Nassau	Imagina of Isenburg-Limburg
mother	Anna Komnene Angelina or Comnena Angelina (c. 1176 -- 1212) was a daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Alexios III Angelos and of Euphrosyne Doukaina Kamatera.	Anna Komnene Angelina	Euphrosyne Doukaina Kamatera
mother	Lin Liheng (Chinese: 林立衡; pinyin: Lín Lìhéng; born 1944) was the daughter of Lin Biao and Ye Qun, nicknamed ``Dou Dou'' (lit. bean bean) because Lin Biao loved eating beans.	Lin Liheng	Ye Qun
mouth of the watercourse	The Nišava or Nishava (Bulgarian and Serbian Cyrillic: Нишава, Serbian pronunciation: (nǐʃaʋa)) is a river in Bulgaria and Serbia, a right tributary, and with a length of 218 km also the longest one, of the South Morava.	Nišava	South Morava
mouth of the watercourse	Klingermans Run (also known as Klingerman Run) is a tributary of Catawissa Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Klingermans Run	Catawissa Creek
mouth of the watercourse	The Speyerbach is a left tributary of the Rhine in the Palatinate part of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Speyerbach	Rhine
mouth of the watercourse	The Oust (Breton: Oud) is a river in Brittany, France, right tributary of the Vilaine.	Oust	Vilaine
mouth of the watercourse	The Rideau River is an Eastern Ontario river which flows north from Upper Rideau Lake and empties into the Ottawa River at Rideau Falls in Ottawa, Ontario.	Rideau River	Ottawa River
mouth of the watercourse	The Cheremosh River (Ukrainian: Черемош, Romanian: Ceremuş, Polish: Czeremosz) is a river in western Ukraine, right-bank tributary of the Prut River.	Cheremosh River	Prut
mouth of the watercourse	The Nuthe is a river in Brandenburg, Germany, left tributary of the Havel.	Nuthe	Havel
mouth of the watercourse	Carnahan Run is a tributary of the Kiskiminetas River in Armstrong County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Carnahan Run	Kiskiminetas River
mouth of the watercourse	Cape Cod Bay is a large bay of the Atlantic Ocean adjacent to the U.S. state of Massachusetts.	Cape Cod Bay	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Kwilu River is a major river that originates in Angola and flows north through Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) to the city of Bandundu, where it joins the Kwango River just before this stream enters the Kasai River.	Kwilu River	Kasai River
mouth of the watercourse	The Küsten Canal, also known as the Coastal Canal (German: Küstenkanal), is a canal, about 70 kilometres (43 mi) long, that links the Dortmund-Ems Canal with the Hunte and thus the Weser rivers.	Küsten Canal	Hunte
mouth of the watercourse	The Choptank River is a major tributary of the Chesapeake Bay and the largest river on the Delmarva Peninsula.	Choptank River	Chesapeake Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Ardila is a river of Spain and Portugal and a tributary of the Guadiana.	Ardila	Guadiana
mouth of the watercourse	The Retreat River rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range, near Shooters Hill, and flows generally to the south-west, before reaching its confluence with the Abercrombie River, near Hadley.	Retreat River	Abercrombie River
mouth of the watercourse	The headwaters of the Delatite River rise on the western slopes of the Victorian Alps and descend to flow into the Goulburn River within Lake Eildon.	Delatite River	Goulburn River
mouth of the watercourse	The Gambia River (formerly known as the River Gambra) is a major river in West Africa, running 1,130 kilometres (700 mi) from the Fouta Djallon plateau in north Guinea westward through Senegal and the Gambia to the Atlantic Ocean at the city of Banjul.	Gambia River	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	Blizzards Run (also known as Blizzard Run or Blizzard's Run) is a tributary of Sechler Run in Montour County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Blizzards Run	Sechler Run
mouth of the watercourse	The Maira is an Italian river, a right tributary of the Po, which runs through the province of Cuneo in eastern Piedmont.	Maira	Po
mouth of the watercourse	The Örtze is a river in the North German state of Lower Saxony, which rises north of Munster in the Große Heide (in the Raubkammer federal forest) and, after 62 kilometres (39 mi), joins the Aller southeast of Winsen.	Örtze	Aller
mouth of the watercourse	Uggerby Å rises in Sterup (south of Hjørring) and empties into Skagerrak.	Uggerby Å	Skagerrak
mouth of the watercourse	The Mokihinui River's headwaters are located in the Glasgow Range and its mouth is on the Tasman Sea.	Mokihinui River	Tasman Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Piesting meets the Fischa at Gramatneusiedl.	Piesting	Fischa
mouth of the watercourse	Tarcutta Creek is mostly a perennial stream beginning approximately 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) near Batlow and confluence with the Murrumbidgee River approximately 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) southeast of Oura in the Riverina area in New South Wales, Australia.	Tarcutta Creek	Murrumbidgee River
mouth of the watercourse	West Morava (Serbian: Западна Морава / Zapadna Morava, pronounced (zâːpadnaː mɔ̝̌rav̞a)), is a river in central Serbia, a 308 km-long longer headstream of the Great Morava, which it forms with the South Morava.	West Morava	Great Morava
mouth of the watercourse	The river Canche (Dutch: De Kwinte) is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the southern Boulonnais and Picardy, into the English Channel.	Canche	English Channel
named after	Excalibosaurus (meaning ``Excalibur's lizard'') is a monotypic genus of marine prehistoric fish-like reptiles (ichthyosaurs) that lived during the Sinemurian stage (approximately 196.5 ± 2 Ma to 189.6 ± 1.5 Ma (million years ago)) of the Early Jurassic period in what is now England.	Excalibosaurus	Excalibur
named after	Arfvedsonite was discovered in 1823 and named for the Swedish chemist Johan August Arfwedson (1792--1841).	Arfvedsonite	Johan August Arfwedson
named after	The Boltzmann Medal (or Boltzmann Award) is the most important prize awarded to physicists that obtain new results concerning statistical mechanics; it is named after the celebrated physicist Ludwig Boltzmann.	Boltzmann Medal	Ludwig Boltzmann
named after	Duodenitis is inflammation of the duodenum.	Duodenitis	duodenum
named after	The Cross of Saint Euphrosyne was a revered relic of the Russian Orthodox Church and Belarus, which was made in 1161 by Lazar Bohsha for the order of Saint Euphrosyne of Polatsk and lost in June 1941 in Mahilyow.	Cross of Saint Euphrosyne	Euphrosyne of Polatsk
named after	Graham's law, also known as Graham's law of effusion, was formulated by Scottish physical chemist Thomas Graham in 1848.	Graham's law	Thomas Graham
named after	Founded in 1997 as an IRC network for QuakeWorld players, QuakeNet saw huge growth over the coming years as it attracted many other gamers.	QuakeNet	IRC network
named after	The school was renamed the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health on April 20, 2001 in honor of Michael Bloomberg (founder of the eponymous media company) for his financial support and commitment to the school and Johns Hopkins University.	Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health	Michael Bloomberg
named after	The George Foster Peabody Awards (or simply Peabody Awards) program, named for American businessman and philanthropist George Peabody, recognizes distinguished and meritorious public service by American radio and television stations, networks, online media, producing organizations, and individuals.	Peabody Award	George Foster Peabody
named after	The John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC) is one of ten National Aeronautics and Space Administration field centers, and is NASA's Center of Excellence for launch and payload processing systems.	Kennedy Space Center	John F. Kennedy
named after	Ponte Punta Penna Pizzone also known as Ponte Aldo Moro is a Girder bridge that spans Mar Piccolo in Taranto.	Ponte Punta Penna Pizzone	Aldo Moro
named after	The Iitaka dimension was introduced by Shigeru Iitaka (1970, 1971).	Iitaka dimension	Shigeru Iitaka
named after	Langlois Bridge (French: Pont de Langlois) was a drawbridge in Arles, France, which was the subject of several paintings by Vincent van Gogh in 1888.	Langlois Bridge	Vincent van Gogh
named after	Paneth cells are named after Joseph Paneth (1857--1890), an Austrian physiologist.	Paneth cell	Joseph Paneth
named after	In mathematics, the Edwards curves are a family of elliptic curves studied by Harold Edwards in 2007.	Edwards curve	Harold Edwards
named after	The type locality (GSSP) of the Fortunian stage is in Fortune Head, at the northern edge of the Burin Peninsula, Newfoundland, Canada (47.0762°N 55.8310°W).	Fortunian	Fortune Head
named after	The neighbourhood gets its name from Cigalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha (Turkish: Cağaloğlu Yusuf Sinan Paşa; c. 1545--1605), an Ottoman admiral and statesman of Genoese descent, as well as a member of the influential Cicala family of Genoa.	Cağaloğlu	Cigalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha
named after	Heineken International (pronounced (ˈɦɛinəkə(n))) is a Dutch brewing company, founded in 1864 by Gerard Adriaan Heineken in Amsterdam.	Heineken International	Gerard Adriaan Heineken
named after	The people, later to be known as Frisii, began settling in Frisia in the 6th century BC. According to Pliny the Elder, in Roman times, the Frisians (or rather their close neighbours, the Chauci) lived on terps, man-made hills.	Frisia	Frisii
named after	International Holocaust Remembrance Day, is an international memorial day on 27 January commemorating the victims of the Holocaust.	International Holocaust Remembrance Day	the Holocaust
named after	In algebraic geometry, Chow's moving lemma, named after Wei-Liang Chow, states: given algebraic cycles Y, Z on a nonsingular quasi-projective variety X, there is another algebraic cycle Z' on X such that Z' is rationally equivalent to Z and Y and Z' intersect properly.	Chow's moving lemma	Wei-Liang Chow
named after	Manganosite is a rare mineral composed of manganese(II) oxide MnO.	Manganosite	manganese
named after	Batadorp is a neighbourhood of the Dutch town of Best, just northwest of Eindhoven, which the Czech Bata Shoes company built a factory in 1934 on land that the company bought from the municipality.	Batadorp	Bata Shoes
named after	Hereditary spastic paraplegia was first described in 1883 by Adolph Strümpell, a German neurologist, and was later described more extensively in 1888 by Maurice Lorrain, a French physician.	Hereditary spastic paraplegia	Adolph Strümpell
named after	The phrase Pyrrhic victory is named after king Pyrrhus of Epirus, whose army suffered irreplaceable casualties in defeating the Romans at Heraclea in 280 BC and Asculum in 279 BC during the Pyrrhic War.	Pyrrhic victory	Pyrrhus
named after	After the dictator's death, it was renamed Pico Duarte, in honor of Juan Pablo Duarte, one of the Dominican Republic's founding fathers.	Pico Duarte	Juan Pablo Duarte
named after	The Julian calendar, introduced by Julius Caesar in 46 BC (708 AUC), was a reform of the Roman calendar.	Julian calendar	Julius Caesar
named after	Nelson Mandela International Day (or Mandela Day) is an annual international day in honour of Nelson Mandela, celebrated each year on 18 July, Mandela's birthday.	Mandela Day	Nelson Mandela
named after	Haworth Tompkins was formed in 1991 by architects Graham Haworth (b. 1960) and Steve Tompkins (b. 1959).	Haworth Tompkins	Graham Haworth	Steve Tompkins
named after	The Mazzeo system is a key system for the clarinet invented by Rosario Mazzeo in the 1950s, and is a modification of the Boehm system.	Mazzeo system	Rosario Mazzeo
named after	Juniata College established its Mountain Day in 1896, and Williams College students have been climbing Mount Greylock, the highest mountain in Massachusetts, to celebrate Mountain Day since the 1800s.	Mountain Day	mountain
named after	In mathematics, Levinson's inequality is the following inequality, due to Norman Levinson, involving positive numbers.	Levinson's inequality	Norman Levinson
named after	The Wallace Line or Wallace's Line is a faunal boundary line drawn in 1859 by the British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace that separates the ecozones of Asia and Wallacea, a transitional zone between Asia and Australia.	Wallace Line	Alfred Russel Wallace
named after	Berlin Brandenburg Airport (IATA: BER, ICAO: EDDB) (German: Flughafen Berlin Brandenburg Willy Brandt) is an international airport under construction, located adjacent to the current Berlin Schönefeld Airport in Schönefeld 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of the city centre of Berlin, the capital of Germany.	Berlin Brandenburg Airport	Willy Brandt
named after	The Gottfried-Keller-Preis or Prix Gottfried Keller is one of the oldest literary awards of Switzerland.	Gottfried-Keller-Preis	Gottfried Keller
named after	The Thiele tube, named after the German chemist Johannes Thiele, is a laboratory glassware designed to contain and heat an oil bath.	Thiele tube	Johannes Thiele
narrative location	The plot follows the life of Nell Trent and her grandfather, both residents of The Old Curiosity Shop in London.	The Old Curiosity Shop	London
narrative location	Abu Hassan, a favorite of the Caliph of Baghdad, is heavily in debt.	Abu Hassan	Baghdad
narrative location	8th & Ocean is an American reality series about a group of models living in Miami, Florida that premiered on MTV on March 7, 2006.	8th & Ocean	Miami
narrative location	Mr. Broadway is an American 13-episode CBS adventure and drama television series starring Craig Stevens as New York City public relations specialist Mike Bell.	Mr. Broadway	New York City
narrative location	Related to issues of the Vietnam War theme, In the Lake of the Woods follows the struggle of John Wade to deal with a recently failed campaign for the United States Senate.	In the Lake of the Woods	Vietnam
narrative location	Little Cop is a 1989 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Eric Tsang, starring Tsang and Natalis Chan.	Little Cop	Hong Kong
narrative location	Second Brother is a novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1960s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Second Brother	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Miracle at St. Anna is set primarily in Italy during German-occupied Europe in World War II. It tells the story of four Buffalo Soldiers of the 92nd Infantry Division who seek refuge in a small Tuscan village, where they form a bond with the residents.	Miracle at St. Anna	Italy
narrative location	The Rozabal Line is a thriller fiction that deals with the subject of Jesus having survived the crucifixion and having settled down in India.	The Rozabal Line	India
narrative location	Follyfoot was a children's television series co-produced by the majority-partner British television company Yorkshire Television (for transmission on ITV) and the independent West German company TV Munich (for transmission on the ZDF channel).	Follyfoot	Yorkshire
narrative location	Pedicab Driver (Chinese: 群龍戲鳳; Cantonese Yale: Kwan lung hei fung) is a 1989 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by and starring Sammo Hung, who portrays the leader of a crew of cycle rickshaw drivers in 1930s Macau.	Pedicab Driver	Macau
narrative location	Les Abencérages, ou L'étendard de Grenade (English: The Abencerrages, or The Standard of Granada) is an opera in three acts by Luigi Cherubini with a French libretto by Etienne de Jouy, based on the novel Gonzalve de Cordoue by Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian.	Les Abencérages	Granada
narrative location	Dare Not Walk Alone is about the civil rights movement and its aftermath in St. Augustine, Florida, the site of prolonged inter-racial tension and protests by the NAACP and the SCLC.	Dare Not Walk Alone	Florida
narrative location	Christina Alberta's Father (1925) is a novel by H. G. Wells set in London and environs in 1920--1922 with two protagonists:	Christina Alberta's Father	London
narrative location	Mr. Accident grossed $1,612,424 at the box office in Australia,.	Mr. Accident	Australia
narrative location	The Pacific Between contains many themes such as betrayal, sacrifice, unconditional love, pride, prejudice, and life's lessons, set in Southern California and Hong Kong.	The Pacific Between	California	Hong Kong
narrative location	I Can't Think Straight is a 2008 romance film adapted from a same name novel about a London-based Jordanian of Palestinian descent, Tala, who is preparing for an elaborate wedding.	I Can't Think Straight	London
narrative location	Boyz n the Hood is a 1991 American teen hood drama film written and directed by John Singleton in his directorial debut, and starring Ice Cube, Cuba Gooding, Jr., Morris Chestnut, Larry Fishburne, Nia Long and Angela Bassett, depicting life in South Central Los Angeles, California.	Boyz n the Hood	Los Angeles	California
narrative location	Richard Firth of This Is Local London rated it 4/5 and said, ``One Night in Turin does justice to all the emotion entwined around it (the 1990 World Cup).	One Night in Turin	London
narrative location	John from Cincinnati is an American television drama, set against the surfing community of Imperial Beach, California, that aired on HBO from June 10, 2007 to August 12, 2007.	John from Cincinnati	California
narrative location	The Diagnosis of Love is a chick lit novel by the American writer Maggie Leffler set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and in England.	The Diagnosis of Love	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Dancer from the Dance is a 1978 gay novel by Andrew Holleran about gay men in New York City and Fire Island.	Dancer from the Dance	New York City
narrative location	Top Gear 2 (known as Top Racer 2 in Japan) is the sequel to the 1992 game Top Gear, first released in September, 1993 for the Super NES, May 24, 1994 for the Sega Genesis and in 1994 for Amiga.	Top Gear 2	Japan
narrative location	The Wild Bunch is a 1969 American epic Western Technicolor and Panavision 70mm film directed by Sam Peckinpah about an aging outlaw gang on the Texas--	The Wild Bunch	Texas
narrative location	Black Narcissus was released only a few months before India achieved independence from Britain in August 1947.	Black Narcissus	India
native language	Stavros Dimas (Greek: Σταύρος Δήμας, Greek pronunciation: (ˈstavros ˈðimas); born 30 April 1941) is a Greek politician who was European Commissioner for the Environment from 2004 to 2009.	Stavros Dimas	Greek
native language	Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres (born 13 March 1954 in Neuilly-sur-Seine), often known as RDDV, is a French politician, France's Minister of Culture from 2004 to 2007.	Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres	French
native language	Gad Elmaleh (Hebrew: גד אלמלח; Arabic: جاد المالح‎; French pronunciation: ​(ɡad‿ɛlmalɛ); born April 19, 1971) is a Moroccan French stand-up comedian and actor who lives and works in France.	Gad Elmaleh	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Le Carpentier (1 June 1719, Helleville - 27 January 1829, Mont-Saint-Michel) was a French political activist from Normandy.	Jean-Baptiste Le Carpentier	French
native language	Henri Antoine Jules-Bois (or simply Jules Bois; 29 September 1868, Marseille -- 2 July 1943, New York), was a French writer with an interest in the occult.	Henri Antoine Jules-Bois	French
native language	Hippolyte Castille (November 8, 1820, Montreuil-sur-Mer -- September 26, 1886, Luc-sur-Mer) was a French writer and polemicist.	Hippolyte Castille	French
native language	Willem Bilderdijk (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɪləm ˈbɪldərˌdɛi̯k)) (Amsterdam, 7 September 1756 -- Haarlem, 18 December 1831) was a Dutch poet.	Willem Bilderdijk	Dutch
native language	Chloé Coulloud is a French actress, known for her role in the 2011 French horror movie Livide.	Chloé Coulloud	French
native language	Raymond Marcellin (Sézanne, Marne, 19 August 1914 -- 8 September 2004) was a French politician.	Raymond Marcellin	French
native language	Luc Besson (French pronunciation: ​(lyk bɛsɔ̃); born 18 March 1959) is a French film director, screenwriter, and producer.	Luc Besson	French
native language	Martin Mussgnug (February 22, 1936 in Heidelberg -- February 2, 1997 in Singen) was a German politician and leader of the National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) from 1971 to 1991.	Martin Mussgnug	German
native language	Antoine Blanc de Saint-Bonnet (28 January 1815 -- 2 June 1880) was a French philosopher, whose ideas were a precursor to modern sociology.	Antoine Blanc de Saint-Bonnet	French
native language	Bertrand Denis (1902--1986) was a French industrial.	Bertrand Denis	French
native language	Charles Chamberland (12 March 1851 -- 2 May 1908) was a French microbiologist from Chilly-le-Vignoble in the department of Jura who worked with Louis Pasteur.	Charles Chamberland	French
native language	Charles Dobzynski (born 1929 Warsaw - 26 September 2014) was a French poet, journalist and translator.	Charles Dobzynski	French
native language	Carsten Jensen is a Danish author and political columnist.	Carsten Jensen	Danish
native language	Philippe Clair (born September 14, 1930) is a French actor, director, producer, screenwriter, and popular humorist.	Philippe Clair	French
native language	Louis Félix Étienne, marquis de Turgot (26 September 1796, Falaise, Calvados -- 2 October 1866, Versailles (Yvelines)) was a French diplomat and politician.	Louis Félix Étienne, marquis de Turgot	French
native language	Christophe Premat (born 7 December 1976) is a French academic and politician who serves as deputy for the Third constituency for French residents overseas in the Assemblée Nationale at Paris, since 2014.	Christophe Premat	French
native language	Wladimir d'Ormesson (2 August 1888, Saint Petersburg -- 15 September 1973) was a French essayist, novelist, journalist and diplomat.	Wladimir d'Ormesson	French
native language	Jean Reynaud (14 February 1806, Lyon -- 28 June 1863, Paris) was a French socialist philosopher.	Jean Reynaud	French
native language	Lucien Saint (26 April 1867 - 24 February 1938) was a French administrator and politician.	Lucien Saint	French
native language	Louis Chavance (1907--1979) was a French screenwriter.	Louis Chavance	French
native language	Jeroen van Wijngaarden (born 29 March 1978) is a Dutch politician, he has been a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy since 1 July 2014, when he replaced Cora van Nieuwenhuizen, who became member of the European Parliament.	Jeroen van Wijngaarden	Dutch
native language	Pierre Benoît Soult (19 July 1770 -- 7 May 1843) joined the French royal army before the French Revolution.	Pierre Benoît Soult	French
native language	Kornelis Heiko Miskotte (September 23, 1894 in Utrecht -- August 31, 1976 in Voorst) was a Dutch Protestant theologian and a representative of dialectical theology.	Kornelis Heiko Miskotte	Dutch
native language	Rebecca Lord (born February 16, 1973) is the stage name of a French pornographic actress who has been active since 1993.	Rebecca Lord	French
native language	Jean-Pons-Guillaume Viennet (18 November 1777 -- 10 July 1868) was a French politician, playwright and poet.	Jean-Pons-Guillaume Viennet	French
native language	Prosper Mérimée (September 28, 1803 -- September 23, 1870) was a French dramatist, historian, archaeologist, and short story writer.	Prosper Mérimée	French
native language	François Colletet (1628-1680?) was a French poet, the son of the poet Guillaume Colletet, however, his poetry was considered inferior to that of his father and he was ridiculed by Nicolas Boileau.	François Colletet	French
native language	Fabrice Hadjadj (born 1971) is a French writer and philosopher.	Fabrice Hadjadj	French
native language	Guus Kuijer (Dutch pronunciation: (ɣys ˈkœyər); born 1 August 1942) is a Dutch author.	Guus Kuijer	Dutch
native language	François Henri Eugène Daugier (or François-Henri-Eugène d'Augier) (12 September 1764, Courthezon - 12 April 1834, Paris) was a French naval officer and politician.	François Henri Eugène Daugier	French
native language	Paul Auguste Tousez, known as Paul Bocage, (Paris, 5 October 1824 -- Paris, 25 September 1890) was a French librettist, novelist and dramatist.	Paul Bocage	French
native language	Florian Zeller (born 28 June 1979) is a French novelist and playwright.	Florian Zeller	French
native language	Ismail Ertug (born 5 December 1975 in Amberg, Germany) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and Member of the European Parliament since 2009.	Ismail Ertug	German
native language	Paul Giéra (1816--1861) was a French Provençal poet.	Paul Giéra	French
native language	Gabriel Serville (born 27 September 1959 in Cayenne) is a French politician who was elected to the French National Assembly on 16 June 2012 representing the department of French Guiana.	Gabriel Serville	French
native language	Alfred Biehle (15 November 1926 in Augsburg -- 29 October 2014 in Karlstadt am Main) was a German politician, representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.	Alfred Biehle	German
native language	Josef Jungmann (16 July 1773 in Hudlice, near Beroun -- 14 November 1847 in Prague) was a Bohemian poet and linguist, and a leading figure of the Czech National Revival.	Josef Jungmann	Czech
native language	Christa Klaß (also spelled Christa Klass) (born 7 November 1951) is a German politician.	Christa Klaß	German
native language	Abdellatif Kechiche (Tunisian Arabic: عبد اللطيف كشيش‎, born 7 December 1960) is a Tunisian-French actor, film director and screenwriter.	Abdellatif Kechiche	French
native language	Pierre-Jean Grosley (Troyes, 18 November 1718--4 November 1785) was a French man of letters, local historian, travel writer and observer of social mores in the Age of Enlightenment and furthermore he was a contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers.	Pierre-Jean Grosley	French
native language	Xavier Darcos (born 14 July 1947) is a French politician, scholar, civil servant and former Minister of Labour.	Xavier Darcos	French
native language	Marguerite Georges (1787--1867) was a French stage actor.	Marguerite Georges	French
native language	Jacques Camou (May 1, 1792 -- February 8, 1868) was a French general in the armies of Emperor Napoleon III.	Jacques Camou	French
native language	Robert Guillain (4 September 1908 -- 29 December 1998) was a French journalist and author of several books on Asia, especially Japan.	Robert Guillain	French
native language	Frédéric Taddeï (born January 5, 1961) is a French journalist and television and radio host.	Frédéric Taddeï	French
native language	Gérard Collomb (born on 20 June 1947) is a French politician.	Gérard Collomb	French
native language	Lee Ze-ha (This is his preferred Romanization per LTI Korea, or Hangul: 이제하) is a South Korean writer, poet and painter.	Lee Ze-ha	Korean
native language	Antoine Cormery is a French journalist who works at France 24, a French international non-stop news TV channel since 2006.	Antoine Cormery	French
native language	François-Xavier Demaison (born 22 September 1973 in Asnières-sur-Seine) is a French actor and humorist.	François-Xavier Demaison	French
native language	Vera Lengsfeld (Sondershausen, East Germany, 4 May 1952) is a German politician.	Vera Lengsfeld	German
native language	Giuseppe Murnigotti (Martinengo,1834 -- 1903) was an Italian inventor of the motorcycle.	Giuseppe Murnigotti	Italian
native language	Cornelis van Eesteren (4 July 1897, Alblasserdam - 21 February 1988, Amsterdam) was a prominent Dutch architect and urban planner.	Cornelis van Eesteren	Dutch
native language	Eduardo Manet (born 19 June 1930) is a Cuban-born novelist and playwright writing in French.	Eduardo Manet	French
native language	Viola von Cramon-Taubadel, often officially referred as simply Viola von Cramon (Halle (Westphalia), 23 March 1970) is an Alliance '90/The Greens politician who represented Lower Saxony in the Bundestag, the German federal parliament from 2009 to 2013.	Viola von Cramon-Taubadel	German
native language	Victoria Bedos (born April 28, 1984 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French author, screenplay writer, singer and actor.	Victoria Bedos	French
native language	Jean-Paul-Alban Villeneuve-Barcement (8 August 1784, Saint-Auban - 8 June 1850, Paris) was a parliamentary leader of the French legitimists.	Jean-Paul-Alban Villeneuve-Barcement	French
native language	Bruno Lopes, alias Kool Shen, (French pronunciation: ​(kul ˈʃɛn); born 9 February 1966) is a French rapper and producer, with Portuguese origins.	Kool Shen	French
native language	Jean Ristat, (born 1943 in Argent-sur-Sauldre Cher) is a French poet and writer .	Jean Ristat	French
native language	François Bernier (25 September 1620 -- 22 September 1688) was a French physician and traveller.	François Bernier	French
native language	Michel Robbe (born 3 June 1946) is a French film and theater actor and television host.	Michel Robbe	French
native language	Francis Vielé-Griffin (May 26, 1864 -- November 12, 1937), was a French symbolist poet.	Francis Vielé-Griffin	French
native language	Bernard Lazare (15 June 1865 -- 1 September 1903) was a French Jewish literary critic, political journalist, polemicist, and anarchist.	Bernard Lazare	French
native language	Jean Queval (1913--1990) was a French translator.	Jean Queval	French
native language	Claude Klotz (Marseille, October 6, 1932 -- Paris, August 13, 2010), better known by his pen name Patrick Cauvin, was a French writer.	Patrick Cauvin	French
native language	Raphaël Poulain (b. 6 August 1980, Amiens, Somme) is a former French rugby union player.	Raphaël Poulain	French
native language	Paul Alexis (16 June 1847 -- 28 July 1901) was a French novelist, dramatist, and journalist.	Paul Alexis	French
native language	Johannes Rau (German pronunciation: (joˈhanəs ˈʁaʊ); 16 January 1931 -- 27 January 2006) was a German politician of the SPD.	Johannes Rau	German
native language	Hubert Falco (born 15 May 1947 in Pignans, Var) is a French politician who has been appointed Secretary of State for development of the territory in the government of François Fillon on March 18, 2008.	Hubert Falco	French
native language	Jean-François Miniac (born 1967), better known under his pen name Solidor, is a French comic book creator (writer and artist).	Jean-François Miniac	French
native language	Georges Ribemont-Dessaignes (June 19, 1884 -- July 9, 1974) was a French writer and artist associated with the Dada movement.	Georges Ribemont-Dessaignes	French
native language	Henri Fabre (November 29, 1882 -- June 30, 1984) was a French aviator and the inventor of the first successful seaplane, the Fabre Hydravion.	Henri Fabre	French
native language	Georg August Zinn (May 27, 1901 -- March 27, 1976) was a German lawyer and a politician of the SPD.	Georg August Zinn	German
native language	Veiko Õunpuu (born 16 March 1972 in Saaremaa) is an Estonian film director and screenwriter who is best known for his artistic movies Autumn Ball (Sügisball, 2007) and The Temptation of St. Tony (Püha Tõnu kiusamine, 2009).	Veiko Õunpuu	Estonian
native language	Paul Reboux (1877--1963) was a French writer, humorist, literary critic and painter.	Paul Reboux	French
native language	Joseph Joffo (born 1931) is a French author who is perhaps best known for his memoirs Un sac de billes (A Bag of Marbles), which has been translated into eighteen languages.	Joseph Joffo	French
native language	Paul Naudet (1859--1929) was a French journalist and Catholic priest.	Paul Naudet	French
native language	Claude Ollier (French: (klod ɔlje); 17 December 1922 -- 18 October 2014) was a French writer closely associated with the nouveau roman literary movement.	Claude Ollier	French
native language	Anton Martin Slomšek (26 November 1800 -- 24 September 1862) was a Slovene bishop, author, poet, and advocate of Slovene culture.	Anton Martin Slomšek	Slovene
native language	Nadine Schön (born Nadine Müller, 5 June 1983 in Lebach, Saarland) is a German politician and member of the CDU.	Nadine Schön	German
native language	Lorella Cravotta (born 9 April 1958) is a French comedienne and actress.	Lorella Cravotta	French
native language	Irina Demick (16 October 1936, Pommeuse, Seine-et-Marne -- 8 October 2004), sometimes credited as Irina Demich, was a French actress with a brief career in American films.	Irina Demick	French
native language	Dominique Fabre (born in Paris in 1960) is a French novelist who focuses ``on the lives of individuals on the margins of society.''	Dominique Fabre	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Sanson de Pongerville (3 March 1782, Abbeville -- 22 January 1870, Paris) was a French a man of letters and poet.	Jean-Baptiste Sanson de Pongerville	French
native language	Vincent-Marie Viénot, Count of Vaublanc (2 March 1756 -- 21 August 1845) was a French royalist politician, writer and artist.	Vincent-Marie Viénot, Count of Vaublanc	French
native language	Pierre Frédéric Dorian (24 January 1814, Montbéliard, Doubs -- 14 April 1873, Paris) was a French master blacksmith and politician, a radical Republican leader.	Pierre Frédéric Dorian	French
native language	Joseph de Goislard de Monsabert (Libourne 30 September 1887 -- Dax, 13 June 1981), was a French general who served during the Second World War.	Joseph de Goislard de Monsabert	French
native language	Jean Audureau (1932--2001) was a French writer and playwright known for the whimsey of his work.	Jean Audureau	French
native language	Tjibbe Veldkamp (born 19 October 1962) is a Dutch author of children's books.	Tjibbe Veldkamp	Dutch
native language	Marcel Marceau (French pronunciation: ​(maʁsɛl maʁso); born Marcel Mangel, 22 March 1923 -- 22 September 2007) was a French actor and mime most famous for his stage persona as ``Bip the Clown.''	Marcel Marceau	French
native language	Jeanne Sully (15 April 1905 - 28 June 1995) (born Jeanne Régine Champs) was a French actress.	Jeanne Sully	French
native language	Éric Fottorino, (born 26 August 1960 in Nice), is a French journalist and writer.	Éric Fottorino	French
native language	Émile Drain (1890--1966) was a French actor and comedian.	Émile Drain	French
native language	Jean-Marie Domenach (French: (dɔmənak); February 13, 1922 -- July 5, 1997) was a French writer and intellectual.	Jean-Marie Domenach	French
native language	Auguste Hilarion, comte de Kératry (28 December 1769 -- 7 November 1859), was a French poet, novelist, short story writer, literary critic, historian, and politician.	Auguste Hilarion, comte de Kératry	French
native language	Didier Morville, better known by his stage name Joeystarr (stylized JoeyStarr (dʒɔ.ɛˈstaʁ)) with additional alias as Jaguar Gorgone or Double R, is a French rapper of Martinican origin, from Saint-Denis.	Joeystarr	French
native language	Lise Deharme (née Anne-Marie Hirtz) (5 May 1898 -- 19 January 1980) was a French writer associated with the Surrealist movement.	Lise Deharme	French
native language	Lionel Ray (born Robert Lorho on 19 January 1935, Mantes-la-Ville) is a French poet and essayist.	Lionel Ray	French
native language	Marie-Pierre Kœnig (French pronunciation: ​(maʁi pjɛʁ køniɡ); 10 October 1898 -- 2 September 1970) was a French army officer and politician.	Marie-Pierre Kœnig	French
native language	Roger-Gérard Schwartzenberg (born 17 April 1943 in Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques) is a French politician of the Radical Party of the Left (French: Parti Radical de Gauche, PRG).	Roger-Gérard Schwartzenberg	French
native language	Maurice Nadeau (21 May 1911 -- 16 June 2013) was a French writer and editor.	Maurice Nadeau	French
native language	Gustave Denis (20 August 1833, Saint-Georges-Buttavent -- 2 February 1925) was a French industrialist and politician.	Gustave Denis	French
native language	Joseph Paganon (19 March 1880 -- 2 November 1937) was a French chemical engineer and politician.	Joseph Paganon	French
native language	Abel Bonnard (December 19, 1883 -- May 31, 1968) was a French poet, novelist and politician.	Abel Bonnard	French
native language	Robert Darène (10 January 1914 -- 15 January 2016) was a French actor, film director and screenwriter.	Robert Darène	French
native language	Bernhard Sälzer (4 September 1940 -- 18 December 1993) was a German politician (CDU), member of the Landtag of Hesse and of the European Parliament.	Bernhard Sälzer	German
native language	Albert Rivière (24 April 1891 -- 28 June 1953) was a French tailor and moderate socialist politician.	Albert Rivière	French
native language	Pierre Dux (21 October 1908 -- 1 December 1990) was a French stage director, stage actor, and film actor.	Pierre Dux	French
native language	Ramdane Touhami (born 23 September 1974 in Montauban, France) is a French-Moroccan artist, fashion designer, product designer, DJ and journalist.	Ramdane Touhami	French
native language	Robert Boulin (20 July 1920 -- 30 October 1979) was a French politician who served as Minister of Labour in the French Cabinet and was at the centre of a major real-estate scandal that ended only with his death in mysterious circumstances.	Robert Boulin	French
native language	Alexia Portal is a French actress best known for her role as Béatrice Romand's son's girlfriend in the 1998 film Autumn Tale.	Alexia Portal	French
native language	Guesch Patti, (16 March 1946), born Patricia Porasse, is a French singer.	Guesch Patti	French
native language	François-Xavier Audouin (18 April 1765, in Limoges, Haute-Vienne -- 23 July 1837, in Paris) was a French clergyman and politician during the French Revolution.	François-Xavier Audouin	French
native language	André Morellet (7 March 1727 -- 12 January 1819) was a French economist writer and contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers.	André Morellet	French
native language	Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger (zaˈbiːnə ˈlɔʏthɔʏsɐ ˈʃnaʀənˌbɛɐ̯ɡɐ) (born 26 July 1951) is a German politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party and a prominent advocate of human rights in Germany and Europe.	Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger	German
native language	Josseline Gaël (born Jeannine Augustine Jeanne Blanleuil; 4 February 1917 -- 10 August 1995) was a French film actress who specialised in comedy roles.	Josseline Gaël	French
native language	Yasmine Belmadi (26 January 1976 -- 18 July 2009) was a French actor of Algerian parents.	Yasmine Belmadi	French
native language	Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou (Greek: Βασιλική Θάνου-Χριστοφίλου, Greek pronunciation: (vasiliˌci ˌθanu xristoˈfilu); born 1950), also known as Vassiliki Thanou, is a Greek judge who, in an interim capacity, served as Prime Minister of Greece from 27 August to 21 September 2015.	Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou	Greek
native language	Pierre Cot (20 November 1895, in Grenoble, Isère -- 21 August 1977), was a French politician and leading figure in the Popular Front government of the 1930s.	Pierre Cot	French
occupation	Martin Harden (born 1876, date of death unknown) was an fencer.	Martin Harden	fencer
occupation	Johann Peter Hasenclever (1810--1853) was a German painter, known mostly for his genre subjects.	Johann Peter Hasenclever	painter
occupation	Glenn Toby p/k/a rapper Mr.Sweety G was Positive K's first manager and produced his first record ``I'm Getting Paid'' also on Star Maker.	Positive K	rapper
occupation	Wilfred John Oskar Armster is an award-winning architect, and principal of the Connecticut-based Wilfred Armster Architects.	Wilfred Armster	architect
occupation	Jeremiah Burnham Tainter (January 6, 1836 in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin -- February 5, 1920) was an inventor and engineer known for having designed the Tainter gate in 1886.	Jeremiah Burnham Tainter	engineer
occupation	Luc Ponet is a Belgian organist, academic and board member of Nationaal Instituut voor de Orgelkunst.	Luc Ponet	organist
occupation	Yvonne De Carlo (born Margaret Yvonne Middleton; September 1, 1922 -- January 8, 2007) was a Canadian-American actress, singer, and dancer whose career in film, television, and musical theater spanned six decades.	Yvonne De Carlo	singer	dancer
occupation	April Maiya is an American film producer, director and fashion designer.	April Maiya	film producer
occupation	Léon Delarbre (1889--1974) was a painter, museum curator, and World War II resistance fighter.	Léon Delarbre	painter
occupation	Gudrød the Hunter (Old Norse: Guðrǫðr veiðikonungr, Norwegian: Gudrød Veidekonge), also known as the Magnificent (Old Norse: enn gǫfugláti, Norwegian: den gjeve), is a legendary character portrayed in the Norse sagas as a Norwegian petty king in the early 9th century.	Gudrød the Hunter	king
occupation	Gönül Yazar (born Gönül Özyeğiner), born in the port city of Izmir on August 12, 1932, is a Turkish singer and actress.	Gönül Yazar	singer
occupation	Giraut or Guiraut de Calanso or Calanson (fl. 1202--1212) was a Gascon troubadour in the Occitan language.	Guiraut de Calanso	troubadour
occupation	Jacobus Spoors (Hazerswoude, September 14, 1751 - The Hague, April 3, 1833), was a Dutch politician (Patriot party) in the Batavian Republic.	Jacobus Spoors	politician
occupation	Henry Schradieck (April 29, 1846 -- May 25, 1918) was a German violinist, music pedagogue and composer.	Henry Schradieck	composer
occupation	Brynard Stander is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Australian Super Rugby side the Force.	Brynard Stander	rugby union player
occupation	Dawid Olejniczak (Polish pronunciation: (ˈdavit ɔlɛjˈɲit͡ʂak); born March 1, 1983 in Łódź) is a Polish tennis player.	Dawid Olejniczak	tennis player
occupation	Dick Findlay is a Canadian boxer who represented Canada in the 1968 Summer Olympic Games.	Dick Findlay	boxer
occupation	Violet Lucille Fletcher (March 28, 1912 -- August 31, 2000) was an American screenwriter of film, radio and television.	Lucille Fletcher	screenwriter
occupation	Imre Czomba is a highly respected multi award winning composer, film composer, orchestrator, music producer and musician.	Imre Czomba	composer
occupation	Bruce Fink (December 22, 1861 -- July 10, 1927) was a prominent American lichenologist.	Bruce Fink	lichenologist
occupation	Hugo Gernsback (August 16, 1884 -- August 19, 1967), born Hugo Gernsbacher, was a Luxembourgish-American inventor, writer, editor, and magazine publisher, best known for publications including the first science fiction magazine.	Hugo Gernsback	inventor	writer	editor
occupation	Laureys a Castro or Lorenzo A. Castro was a Flemish painter of marine views and portraits who is mainly known for his work executed in England roughly between 1672 and 1700.	Laureys a Castro	painter
occupation	Knud Karl Krogh-Tonning (December 31, 1842 -- February 19, 1911) was a Norwegian theologian, known for his conversion to Catholicism.	Knud Karl Krogh-Tonning	theologian
occupation	Robert Buchar is an American cinematographer, filmmaker, film director and producer, born in 1951 in Hradec Králové, former Czechoslovakia.	Robert Buchar	film director
occupation	Louis Van Lint (December 25, 1909 -- December 27, 1986) was a Belgian painter, major figure of the Belgian post-war abstraction.	Louis Van Lint	painter
occupation	Willem Weertman is an American engineer known for his work as an engineer at Chrysler Corporation, where he was actively involved in the creation of many of the company's most famous engines, including the Slant Six, 2.2 four, and LA V8 (318, 360).	Willem Weertman	engineer
occupation	Kanwarjit Singh Sawhney, a.k.a. K. J. Singh is an Indian audio engineer based in Mumbai who won the 54th National Film Award for Best Audiography and Filmfare Award for Best Sound Design with Shajith Koyeri and Subash Sahu for his work on the 2006 film Omkara.	K. J. Singh	audio engineer
occupation	Alec Rayme (born December 20, 1978) is an American actor Rayme has several film and television credits to his name, Rayme in 2014 appeared on the cover of cornerstone connection magazine to promote the movie Left behind.	Alec Rayme	actor
occupation	Sarah Sauvey (born November 10, 1983 in Melbourne) is an Australian-born British freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross.	Sarah Sauvey	freestyle skier
occupation	Juan Carlos Lamas (October 13, 1921 -- July 27, 2004), born Rafael Velázquez, was an Argentine actor from Rosario.	Juan Carlos Lamas	actor
occupation	Sergey Smbatyan (Armenian: Սերգեյ Սմբատյան; born 1987) is an Armenian conductor and violinist.	Sergey Smbatyan	conductor	violinist
occupation	Bob Eggleton (born September 13, 1960) is a science fiction, fantasy, and horror artist.	Bob Eggleton	artist
occupation	Mellie Dunham (July 29, 1853 - September 27, 1931) was an American fiddler during the early twentieth century.	Mellie Dunham	fiddler
occupation	Emil Rebreanu (December 17, 1891 -- May 14, 1917) was an Austro-Hungarian Romanian military officer executed during World War I. The protagonist in Forest of the Hanged, a 1922 novel by his brother Liviu Rebreanu, is influenced by his experience.	Emil Rebreanu	officer
occupation	Dennis P. Collins (June 12, 1924 -- December 6, 2009) was an American Democratic party politician who served as the 24th mayor of Bayonne, New Jersey from 1974 until his retirement in 1990.	Dennis P. Collins	politician
occupation	Dr. Charles Munnerlyn is an American optical engineer.	Charles Munnerlyn	engineer
occupation	Alexander Spirkin (Russian: Алекса́ндр Гео́ргиевич Спи́ркин; 1918--2004) was a Soviet and Russian philosopher and psychologist.	Alexander Spirkin	philosopher
occupation	A. J. Nowak was the head coach of the Central Michigan University college football program from 1929 to 1930.	A. J. Nowak	head coach
occupation	Bert Parks (born Bertram Jacobson; December 30, 1914 -- February 2, 1992) was an American actor, singer, and radio and television announcer, best known for hosting the annual Miss America telecast from 1955 to 1979.	Bert Parks	singer
occupation	Ruth Stiles Gannett Kahn (born August 12, 1923) is an American children's writer best known for My Father's Dragon and its two sequels that are sometimes collectively referred to as the My Father's Dragon series).	Ruth Stiles Gannett	writer
occupation	Mazlum Çimen (June 18, 1958 in Elbistan, Kahramanmaraş) is a Turkish musician, ballet dancer, film actor, folk singer, and award-winning film score composer.	Mazlum Çimen	musician	actor	composer
occupation	Jeanne Marie Laskas is an American writer, journalist, and professor.	Jeanne Marie Laskas	writer
occupation	Amos Lee (born Ryan Anthony Massaro, June 22, 1977) is an American singer-songwriter whose musical style encompasses folk, rock and soul.	Amos Lee	singer-songwriter
occupation	Tami Hert is an American R&B singer, who was signed to Epic Records in the 1990s.	Tami Hert	singer
occupation	Sarah Castle is an American Paralympic wheelchair basketball player and swimmer.	Sarah Castle	basketball player
occupation	Hope Partlow (born May 31, 1988) is an American pop singer from Drummonds, Tennessee.	Hope Partlow	singer
occupation	Howard C. Cutler is an American writer and psychiatrist who practices in Phoenix, Arizona.	Howard C. Cutler	psychiatrist
occupation	Yahya ibn Sarafyun (9th century) a Syriac physician, known in Europe as Johannes Serapion, and commonly called Serapion the Elder to distinguish him from Serapion the Younger, with whom he was often confused.	Yahya ibn Sarafyun	physician
occupation	Yumie Nishiogi (西荻 弓絵; born September 3, 1960) is a Japanese screenwriter.	Yumie Nishiogi	screenwriter
occupation	Joe Cunnane is a former Gaelic footballer and Australian rules footballer who represented Ireland at the Australian Football International Cup and also appeared on two Irish football reality television shows.	Joe Cunnane	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Francisco Narciso de Laprida (October 28, 1786 in San Juan -- September 22, 1829) was an Argentine lawyer and politician.	Francisco Narciso de Laprida	lawyer
occupation	Victor Hernández Stumpfhauser (born in Morelia, Michoacán) is a Mexican musician and film score composer.	Victor Hernández Stumpfhauser	composer
occupation	Joseph Charles Rosario Bourdon (March 6, 1885 -- April 24, 1961) was a French Canadian cellist, violinist, conductor, arranger and composer.	Rosario Bourdon	conductor	composer
occupation	Giovanni Maria Tamburini (flourished 17th century) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Giovanni Maria Tamburini	painter
occupation	Michele Jolin is an American social entrepreneur and policymaker.	Michele Jolin	entrepreneur
occupation	Vagif Mustafazadeh (Azerbaijani: Vaqif Mustafazadə; March 16, 1940 -- December 16, 1979), also known as Vaqif Mustafa-Zadeh, was an Azerbaijani jazz pianist and composer, acclaimed for fusing jazz and the traditional Azerbaijani folk music known as mugham.	Vagif Mustafazadeh	pianist	composer
occupation	Faith Erin Hicks is a Canadian webcomic and comic artist and writer and animator living in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Faith Erin Hicks	animator
occupation	Linda Hopkins (born December 14, 1924) is an African-American actress and blues and gospel singer.	Linda Hopkins	singer
occupation	General Joseph P. Hoar (born December 30, 1934) is a retired U.S. Marine Corps officer, former Commander in Chief of United States Central Command.	Joseph P. Hoar	officer
occupation	Liang Shaoji is a Chinese conceptual artist.	Liang Shaoji	artist
occupation	Edward C. Waymire is an American mathematician, and professor of mathematics at Oregon State University.	Edward C. Waymire	mathematician
occupation	Henno Althoff (born September 16, 1960 in Lippstadt, West Germany) is a German record producer, recording engineer and studio owner, best known for his association with Australian fingerstyle guitarist Tommy Emmanuel.	Henno Althoff	engineer
occupation	Chen Te-tung (Chinese: 陳德同; pinyin: Chén Détóng; born October 15, 1985) is a Taiwanese former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Chen Te-tung	swimmer
occupation	Hudson Maxim (February 3, 1853 -- May 6, 1927), was a U.S. inventor and chemist who invented a variety of explosives, including smokeless gunpowder, Thomas Edison referred to him as ``the most versatile man in America''.	Hudson Maxim	chemist
occupation	Michael Londra is an Irish singer.	Michael Londra	singer
occupation	Lloyd Valdemar Baxter (December 6, 1919 -- December 18, 2012), better known as Skippy Baxter, was an American figure skater.	Skippy Baxter	figure skater
occupation	Jasimuddin (30 October 1903 -- 14 March 1976; born Jasim Uddin) was a Bengali poet, songwriter, prose writer, folklore collector and radio personality.	Jasimuddin	poet
occupation	Hermann Maurer (born April 26, 1941) is an Austrian computer scientist, serving as Professor of Computer Science at the Graz University of Technology.	Hermann Maurer	computer scientist
occupation	Bonnie Urquhart Gruenberg is an artist, photographer, author, and certified nurse-midwife.	Bonnie Urquhart Gruenberg	midwife
occupation	Harold M. Ross is a cultural anthropologist who studied the Baegu community and culture on the island of Malaita in the Solomon Islands.	Harold M. Ross	anthropologist
occupation	Diane Arbus (/diːˈæn ˈɑːrbəs/; March 14, 1923 -- July 26, 1971) was an American photographer and writer noted for photographs of marginalised people--dwarfs, giants, transgender people, nudists, circus performers--and others whose normality was perceived by the general populace as ugly or surreal.	Diane Arbus	photographer
occupation	Sal Maccarone is an American author, furniture maker, sculptor and kinetic artist.	Sal Maccarone	sculptor
occupation	Nat Cassidy (born September 25, 1981) is an American actor, writer, and musician based out of New York City, New York, United States.	Nat Cassidy	actor
occupation	Saber Abdel Aziz al-Douri (Arabic: صابر عبد العزيز الدوري‎) is a former Iraqi politician and intelligence officer.	Saber Abdel Aziz al-Douri	politician
occupation	Silvo Breskvar (December 31, 1902 -- January 3, 1969 in Ljubljana) was a Slovenian mathematician and physicist.	Silvo Breskvar	mathematician	physicist
occupation	Maureen F. McHugh (born February 13, 1959) is a science fiction and fantasy writer.	Maureen F. McHugh	writer
occupation	Jerry Tucker (born November 1, 1925) is a former American child actor, most notable for appearing as the ``rich kid'' in the Our Gang short subjects series semi-regularly from 1931 to 1938.	Jerry Tucker	child actor
occupation	Vadim Panov is a Russian fantasy and science-fiction writer.	Vadim Panov	writer
occupation	Avvy (born April 22, 1984) is a songwriter and performer contributing to the art of Bahamian folk music, Junkanoo and Rake-and-scrape.	Avvy	songwriter
occupation	Ryuki Ueyama (born 17 April 1976 in Tokyo) is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division.	Ryuki Ueyama	mixed martial artist
occupation	Mark Mori is an American documentary filmmaker, television producer and screenwriter of documentary and reality television series and specials.	Mark Mori	television producer	screenwriter
occupation	Qin Yiyuan (simplified Chinese: 秦艺源; traditional Chinese: 秦藝源; pinyin: Qín Yìyuán; born February 14, 1973) is a Chinese former world level women's badminton player.	Qin Yiyuan	badminton player
occupation	Samoilă Mârza (Romanian pronunciation: (samoˈilə ˈmɨrza); September 18, 1886 -- December 19, 1967) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian photographer.	Samoilă Mârza	photographer
occupation	Arnold Wilkerson (born April 6, 1943) is an American actor and the creator and owner of the Little Pie Company in Manhattan, New York City.	Arnold Wilkerson	actor
occupation	Elena-Cristina Marchisano (born 1979) is a Romanian TV, theater and film actor living in Los Angeles.	Elena-Cristina Marchisano	actor
occupation	Claire Burger is a French film director, film editor and screenwriter.	Claire Burger	film director	film editor	screenwriter
occupation	Sugeeth is a film director who made his debut through the Malayalam language film Ordinary.	Sugeeth	film director
occupation	John Russell of Bluffdale (1793--1863) was a 19th-century American novelist, writer and licensed Baptist preacher.	John Russell of Bluffdale	novelist
occupation	Charles Willson Woodside (1905 -- May 29, 1991) was a Canadian journalist well known for his World War II reporting, author, and a professor of political science at the University of Guelph.	Willson Woodside	journalist
occupation	As a dedicated, successful writer, Lydia Sigourney violated essential elements of the very gender roles she celebrated.	Lydia Sigourney	writer
occupation	Prince Adam Stanisław Sapieha (1828--1903) was a Polish nobleman, landlord, politician.	Adam Stanisław Sapieha	politician
occupation	Americo Boschetti (born April 16, 1951) is a singer, composer and guitarist.	Americo Boschetti	singer	composer
occupation	Bryan Coleman (1911--2005) was a British film actor and television actor.	Bryan Coleman	actor
occupation	Juaquin Gallardo (born May 3, 1977, in San Diego, California) is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Welterweight division and is the former WBC Latino Light Welterweight Champion.	Juaquin Gallardo	boxer
occupation	Abderrazak Houya (born February 20, 1987 in Monastir) is a Tunisian amateur boxer who fought at the 2012 Olympics at junior welterweight.	Abderrazak Houya	boxer
occupation	Wes Platt (born 1966) is a professional journalist, game writer/designer, creator of the online games OtherSpace, Chiaroscuro and Necromundus, and one-time Director of Content Development for Fallen Earth.	Wes Platt	journalist
occupation	Lesley Choyce is a novelist and poet living at Lawrencetown Beach, Nova Scotia.	Lesley Choyce	novelist
occupation	Sam Roe is a Chicago Tribune journalist who was part of a team of reporters that won the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting for an examination of hazardous toys and other children's products.	Sam Roe	journalist
occupation	Mike Hedges is a British audio producer/engineer.	Mike Hedges	engineer
occupation	Kaydean is a British-American record and TV producer, composer, DJ, record label executive and artist manager.	Kaydean	composer
occupation	Alfred Dundas Taylor was born August 30, 1825 in England, son of George Ledwell Taylor (1788--1873), a civil architect to the Admiralty in the UK.	Alfred Dundas Taylor	architect
occupation	Modern leading ARF politician Vahan Hovhannisyan stated in 2008 that Aram Manukian is the best example in Armenian history of a statesman that ``stood by the people.''	Aram Manukian	politician
occupation	Lore Segal (born March 9, 1928), née Lore Groszmann, is an American novelist, translator, teacher, and author of children's books, currently living in New York City.	Lore Segal	novelist	translator
occupation	Jay Don Blake (born October 28, 1958) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour; he currently plays on the Champions Tour.	Jay Don Blake	golfer
occupation	Marian Radke-Yarrow (March 2, 1918 -- May 19, 2007) was an American child psychologist known for studying controversial topics such as prejudice, altruism, and depression in children.	Marian Radke-Yarrow	psychologist
occupation	Engin Altay (born 15 December 1963) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People's Party (CHP) who serves as a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Sinop since the 2002.	Engin Altay	politician
occupation	Saint John of Matera or Mathera, also Saint John of Pulsano (Italian: San Giovanni da Matera) was a Benedictine monk.	John of Matera	monk
occupation	José Clemente Orozco (November 23, 1883 -- September 7, 1949) was a Mexican painter, who specialized in bold murals that established the Mexican Mural Renaissance together with murals by Diego Rivera, David Alfaro Siqueiros, and others.	José Clemente Orozco	painter
occupation	Dean Armstrong (born April 24, 1973) is a Canadian actor, producer and acting coach known for his roles in television, film and theatre.	Dean Armstrong	actor
occupation	Fouad Awad (born October 7, 1956; Arabic: فؤاد عوض; Hebrew: פואד עווד) is an avant-garde Israeli-Palestinian theatre director, and a prominent figure in the Palestinian theatrical movement.	Fouad Awad	theatre director
occupation	Marsha Stevens-Pino (born 20 August 1952 in Pomona, California) is a Christian singer, musician, songwriter and recording artist.	Marsha Stevens	singer
occupation	John MacDonagh (1880--1961) was an Irish film director, playwright, and a participant in the 1916 Easter Rising.	John MacDonagh	film director
occupation	Sonal Kalra is an award-winning Indian journalist-author, presently with the Hindustan Times, India's second largest national English daily.	Sonal Kalra	journalist	author
occupation	Ada Feinberg-Sireni (Hebrew: עדה פיינברג-סירני‎, born 22 April 1930) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1969 and 1974.	Ada Feinberg-Sireni	politician
occupation	Len Compton (born in Summerside, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian politician who served as mayor of Kenora, Ontario from 2006 to 2010.	Len Compton	politician
occupation	Allen Hulsey (born February 8, 1985) is a singer, songwriter, guitarist and visual artist.	Allen Hulsey	singer
occupation	Frederick Lee Morton (born March 28, 1949), known commonly as Ted Morton, is a Canadian politician and former cabinet minister in the Alberta government.	Ted Morton	politician
occupation	Jennifer L. Knox (*1968) is an American poet.	Jennifer L. Knox	poet
occupation	Richard Haensch (active from 1890) was a German entomologist and insect dealer in Berlin.	Richard Haensch	entomologist
occupation	Mark Althavean Andrews (born November 9, 1978), known by his stage name Sisqó (stylized as SisQó), is an American R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, record producer and actor.	Sisqó	singer	actor
occupation	Harry Cicma (born February 18, 1982) is an American former tennis player and currently a sports anchor for WNBC, the NBC-owned station in New York City, and NBC Sports Group.	Harry Cicma	tennis player
occupation	Shamim Chowdhury (Bengali: শামীম চৌধুরী) is an English television and print journalist.	Shamim Chowdhury	journalist
occupation	Giovanni Urbinati (aka Gio) is an Italian ceramist and sculptor.	Giovanni Urbinati	ceramist	sculptor
occupation	Diana Doherty is an Australian oboist, currently Principal Oboe with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra.	Diana Doherty	oboist
occupation	Rosa King (March 14, 1939 -- December 12, 2000) was an American jazz and blues saxophonist/singer who made her fame in Amsterdam and recorded many albums under a variety of labels.	Rosa King	singer
occupation	The Shuvalov Painter was an Attic vase painter of the red-figure style, active between 440 and 410 BC, i.e. in the High Classical period (Parthenon period).	Shuvalov Painter	vase painter
occupation	John Prosky is an American film, theatre, and television actor.	John Prosky	television actor
occupation	Dávid Bélaváry (born ca. 1580) (szikavai és Bélaváry (Both) Dávid in Hungarian ; David Belevari/Belavaryin latin ; Давид Шикован-Біловарі (David Shykovan-Bilovari) in Ukrainian) was a diplomat and high official of the Kingdom of Hungary during the seventeenth century, and a member of the Bélaváry family.	Dávid Bélaváry	diplomat
occupation	Bob Connolly is an Australian film director, cinematographer and author.	Bob Connolly	film director
occupation	Jesse Frohman is an internationally known photographer who lives and works in New York City.	Jesse Frohman	photographer
occupation	Pyrilampes (Greek: Πυριλάμπης) was an ancient Athenian politician and stepfather of the philosopher Plato.	Pyrilampes	politician
occupation	Svetlana Vanyo (born May 26, 1977), née Svetlana Pozdeyeva, is a Russian-American former competition swimmer, coach, and private swimming instructor.	Svetlana Vanyo	swimmer
occupation	Carole Migden (born August 14, 1948) is an American politician from San Francisco, California who represented the third district of the California State Senate from 2004 to 2008 and the 13th district of the California State Assembly from 1996 to 2002.	Carole Migden	politician
occupation	Fred Jerkins III, also known as ``Uncle Freddie'', is an American songwriter and record producer who is best known for his work with his brother Rodney ``Darkchild'' Jerkins.	Fred Jerkins III	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Edwin Larwill (ca 1806 -- December 29, 1876) was a tinsmith and political figure in Canada West.	Edwin Larwill	tinsmith
occupation	Fabien Vanasse dit Vertefeuille (November 6, 1850 -- December 3, 1936) was a journalist, lawyer and political figure in Quebec.	Fabien Vanasse dit Vertefeuille	journalist
occupation	Jamie Pedersen (born September 9, 1968) is an American lawyer and politician from the state of Washington who has served as a member of the Washington State Legislature since January 2007.	Jamie Pedersen	politician
occupation	Kalla Pasha (March 5, 1879 -- June 10, 1933) was an American professional wrestler, vaudeville comedian, and film actor active during the silent era.	Kalla Pasha	actor
occupation	Vivek Wadhwa is an American technology entrepreneur and academic.	Vivek Wadhwa	entrepreneur
occupation	Mason Reese (born April 11, 1965) is a former child actor who appeared in numerous television commercials in the 1970s, particularly for Underwood Deviled Ham, Post Raisin Bran, and Dunkin' Donuts' Dunkin' Munchkins-brand ``donut holes''.	Mason Reese	actor
occupation	Reinhold Weiss (born 1934) is a German-born industrial designer who lives in Chicago, Illinois creating products now considered icons of the Functionalist school of industrial design, and led to the success of the Braun brand.	Reinhold Weiss	designer
occupation	Paul Hendrickson (born April 29, 1944) is an American author, journalist, and professor.	Paul Hendrickson	journalist
occupation	João de Aquino is a Brazilian guitarist and composer, born June 23, 1945.	João de Aquino	composer
occupation	Bernard Sachs (January 2, 1858 -- February 8, 1944) was a Jewish-American neurologist.	Bernard Sachs	neurologist
occupation	Larisa Migachyov is a Russian-born composer and ragtime composer.	Larisa Migachyov	composer
occupation	Victor Anatolyevich Vassiliev or Vasilyev (Russian: Виктор Анатольевич Васильев; born April 10, 1956), is a Soviet and Russian mathematician.	Victor Anatolyevich Vassiliev	mathematician
occupation	Lisa Anderson (born October 16, 1950) is an American political scientist and the former President of the American University in Cairo (AUC).	Lisa Anderson	political scientist
occupation	Chloe Dao (born June 15, 1972) is an American fashion designer and television personality who lives and works in Houston, U.S. She was the winner of the second season of the reality show Project Runway with a collection of women's evening wear.	Chloe Dao	fashion designer
occupation	Günter Theißen (born 16 January, 1962 in Mönchengladbach) is a German geneticist.	Günter Theißen	geneticist
occupation	The Shambling Bull Painter was an ancient Corinthian vase painter in the black-figure style; his real name is unknown.	Shambling Bull Painter	painter
occupation	Donald J. Sobol (October 4, 1924 -- July 11, 2012) was an award-winning American writer best known for his children's books, especially the Encyclopedia Brown mystery series.	Donald J. Sobol	writer
occupation	Aris T. Allen (December 27, 1910 -- February 8, 1991) was an American politician who was the first African-American chair of the Maryland Republican party and the first to run for a statewide office in Maryland.	Aris T. Allen	politician
occupation	S. Gokula Indira (ta: எஸ். கோகுல இந்திர) is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Anna Nagar constituency.	S. Gokula Indira	politician
occupation	Zoltán Lengyel (born July 17, 1960) is a Hungarian politician and member of the National Assembly (MP) for Sárbogárd, Fejér County Constituency VI from 2002 to 2009, when he resigned.	Zoltán Lengyel	politician
occupation	Greg Iles (born 1960) is a novelist who lives in Mississippi.	Greg Iles	novelist
occupation	Arthur Dreifuss (sometimes credited as Dreyfuss; 1908-1993) was a German-born American film director, and occasional producer and screenwriter.	Arthur Dreifuss	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Mohammad Shahzada Hossain (born September 10, 1986 in Rasai) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays first class cricket for Rajshahi Division.	Mohammad Shahzada	cricketer
occupation	Jacques Waben (c. 1590, Hoorn -- c. 1634, Hoorn), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	Jacques Waben	painter
occupation	Marquard Gude (Gudius) (February 1, 1635 -- November 26, 1689) was a German archaeologist and classical scholar, most famous for his collection of Greek and Latin inscriptions.	Marquard Gude	archaeologist
occupation	Tu Cheng-sheng (Chinese: 杜正勝; pinyin: Dù Zhèngshèng) is a Taiwanese politician and historian.	Tu Cheng-sheng	politician	historian
occupation	Paul Komor was a Hungarian businessman and diplomat.	Paul Komor	diplomat
occupation	Julianna Barwick is an American musician who was born in Louisiana and raised in Missouri.	Julianna Barwick	musician
occupation	Richard Liberty (born Riccardo Liberatoscioli, March 3, 1932 -- October 2, 2000) was an American film and television actor.	Richard Liberty	actor
occupation	LaRoyce Hawkins is an American actor, stand-up comic, spoken word artist, and musician.	LaRoyce Hawkins	actor
occupation	Joseph Russell Jones (February 17, 1823 -- April 11, 1909) was a successful US merchant and politician, a close friend of Ulysses S. Grant and an acquaintance of Abraham Lincoln.	Joseph Russell Jones	politician
occupation	Surdas was a late 15th-century blind saint, poet and musician, known for his devotional songs dedicated to Lord Krishna.	Surdas	poet
occupation	Erica Wheeler (born October 24 in Maryland) is an American folk singer-songwriter.	Erica Wheeler	singer-songwriter
occupation	Wang Ruoshui (Chinese: 王若水; pinyin: Wáng Ruòshuǐ; Wade--Giles: Wang Jo-shui, 1926--2002), was a Chinese journalist and philosopher, major exponent of Marxist humanism and of Chinese liberalism.	Wang Ruoshui	journalist	philosopher
occupation	Deepakk Sunil Prasadh is an Indian film director & writer.	Deepakk Sunil Prasadh	film director
occupation	Karen Demirchyan (Armenian: Կարեն Դեմիրճյան) (April 17, 1932 -- October 27, 1999) was a Soviet and Armenian politician.	Karen Demirchyan	politician
occupation	Jan Ladislav Dussek (baptized Václav Jan Dusík, with surname also written as Duschek or Düssek; February 12, 1760 -- March 20, 1812) was a Czech composer and pianist.	Jan Ladislav Dussek	composer	pianist
occupation	Wendy Carlos (born Walter Carlos; November 14, 1939) is an American composer and performer, known for her use of electronic instruments to play classical music, and for her film scores.	Wendy Carlos	composer
occupation	Vinayan is an Indian film director and producer, mainly of Malayalam movies.	Vinayan	film director
occupation	Christopher H. Whittle (born 1959) is an educator and paleontologist who has published on a wide variety of topics including the development of paranormal beliefs, learning from popular television, museum studies, and dinosaur paleontology (Nedcolbertia, gastroliths).	Christopher H. Whittle	paleontologist
occupation	Cyril May is an Australian singer and songwriter who often performs with Jack McDonald.	Cyril May	singer
occupation	Roger Forsythe (born John Roger Forsythe) (July 11, 1955 - October 6, 1991) was a men's fashion designer.	Roger Forsythe	fashion designer
occupation	Dariusz Baliszewski is a Polish historian, journalist and writer.	Dariusz Baliszewski	historian	journalist	writer
occupation	Saud Shakeel (born 10 May 1995, Karachi, Sind) is a Pakistani domestic cricketer.	Saud Shakeel	cricketer
occupation	Patrick McCay is an Irish born Scottish/ American painter who resides in the Boston area.	Patrick McCay	painter
occupation	Ionel Doru Popovici (born February 17, 1932) is a Romanian composer, musicologist, writer and musical concerts manager.	Doru Popovici	composer
occupation	Herbert Crabtree (25 May 1880 -- 2 March 1951) was an English cricketer active from 1902 to 1908 who played for Lancashire.	Herbert Crabtree	cricketer
occupation	Manuel Germán Cuello was a Colombian politician, Mayor of Valledupar in 1967 and Governor of the Department of Cesar by appointment under the presidency of Misael Pastrana between June 19, 1971 and August 13, 1974.	Manuel Germán Cuello	politician
occupation	Anna Rabinowitz is an American poet, librettist and editor.	Anna Rabinowitz	librettist
occupation	Horacio Bocaranda is a Venezuelan American US television and film director, Alternate Names:	Horacio Bocaranda	film director
occupation	Starhawk (born Miriam Simos on June 17, 1951) is an American writer and activist.	Starhawk	writer
occupation	Elie Norbert (born January 23, 1984) is a Malagasy judoka who competed in the 60-kg category.	Elie Norbert	judoka
occupation	Ricci Harnett (born 8 February 1975) is an English actor, best known for his role as Carlton Leach in the film Rise of the Footsoldier.	Ricci Harnett	actor
occupation	Alex Dolan is a journalist, weather presenter and science teacher who went undercover for the documentary Undercover Teacher.	Alex Dolan	journalist
occupation	Eleanor Clymer, born Eleanor Lowenton (January 7, 1906 -- March 31, 2001), was a writer of children's books, best known for The Trolley Car Family (1947).	Eleanor Clymer	writer
occupation	Prasad Oak is an actor, director, writer, singer, anchor, poet and film producer.	Prasad Oak	actor
occupation	Sheila Escovedo (born December 12, 1957), known by her stage name Sheila E., is an American singer, drummer, and percussionist whose notable collaborators include Prince, Billy Cobham, Lionel Richie, George Duke, Ringo Starr, Gloria Estefan, Jennifer Lopez, Beyoncé, Hans Zimmer and Kanye West.	Sheila E.	singer
occupation	Alexander Numenius (Gr. Ἀλέξανδρος), or (according to the Suda) Alexander, son of Numenius, was a Greek rhetorician who flourished in the first half of the 2nd century.	Alexander Numenius	rhetorician
occupation	Nafisa Abdullaeva is an Uzbek lawyer, business scholar, textbook author, writer, and poetess.	Nafisa Abdullaeva	lawyer
occupation	Stina Lundberg Dabrowski (born December 3, 1950) is a Swedish journalist, television host, producer, writer, and professor of television production.	Stina Lundberg Dabrowski	journalist
occupation	Trish Murphy is an Austin-based singer-songwriter.	Trish Murphy	singer
occupation	Nonius Atticus (floruit 383-397) was a politician of the Roman Empire.	Nonius Atticus	politician
occupation	Bryyn performed as the lead guitarist and backup vocalist in Ophur, opening for national acts including The Plain White T's, Sum 41, Violent Femmes, Local H, Lucky Boys Confusion, Veruca Salt, Two Skinee J's, Duvall, and Sleeping at Last.	Bryyn	guitarist
occupation	Regina Alatiit, also known as Gina Alajar (born June 28, 1959) is a FAMAS and Gaward Urian Award winning Filipino film actress and television director.	Gina Alajar	television director
occupation	Monika Ritsch-Marte (born September 26, 1961 in Höchst) is an Austrian physicist in the fields of biomedical optics, theoretical quantum optics and non-linear optics.	Monika Ritsch-Marte	physicist
occupation	Ken Yuasa (Japanese: 湯浅 謙) (October 23, 1916 -- November 2, 2010) was a World War II surgeon for the Japanese army.	Ken Yuasa	surgeon
occupation	Cheryl Dunn is a documentary filmmaker and photographer who was born in New Jersey, USA.	Cheryl Dunn	photographer
occupation	Eddie Lau Pui-Kei (born February 24, 1951) is a fashion designer in Hong Kong.	Eddie Lau	fashion designer
occupation	Gary Weeks (born June 4, 1972) is a German-born, American film and television actor; he is also a film producer and screenwriter.	Gary Weeks	actor	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	William J. Van Patten (September 9, 1848 -- February 13, 1920) was a Vermont businessman, philanthropist and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate.	William J. Van Patten	politician
occupation	Dr. James Cooke Brown (July 21, 1921 -- February 13, 2000) was a sociologist and science fiction author.	James Cooke Brown	sociologist
occupation	Salim Ahmed Salim (Arabic: سليم احمد سليم‎, Urdu: سلیم احمد سلیم, Swahili: Salim Ahmad Salim, born 23 January 1942) is a Tanzanian diplomat who has worked in the international diplomatic arena since the early 1960s.	Salim Ahmed Salim	diplomat
occupation	Xu Xiaoxi (Chinese: 徐小溪; born November 18, 1981 in Chengdu) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter.	Xu Xiaoxi	film director
occupation	Phillip Paley (born September 15, 1963) is an American actor possibly best recalled for his role as Cha-Ka in the 1974 American television series Land of the Lost.	Phillip Paley	actor
occupation	Anthony Mann (June 30, 1906 -- April 29, 1967) was an American actor and film director, most notably of films noir and Westerns.	Anthony Mann	actor	film director
occupation	Ion Gorun (pen name of Alexandru I. Hodoș; December 30, 1863--March 30, 1928) was an Imperial Austrian-born Romanian prose writer, poet and translator.	Ion Gorun	writer
occupation	Kajjanbai was a singer and actress in India during the 1920s and 1930s, often referred to as the ``Nightingale of Bengal''.	Kajjanbai	singer
occupation	Michael Preece (born on September 15, 1936) is an American film and television director, script supervisor, producer, and actor best known for directing television series Dallas and Walker, Texas Ranger and films The Prize Fighter and Logan's War:	Michael Preece	television director	actor
occupation	Zhu Lijing (Chinese: 朱俐靜; Wade--Giles: Chu1 Li4-ching4), better known as Miu Zhu or Super Miu, is a Taiwanese singer and entertainer.	Miu Zhu	singer
occupation	Joette Katz (born February 3, 1953) is Commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families, and a former Associate Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court, where she also served as the administrative judge for the state appellate system.	Joette Katz	judge
occupation	Nicole Castrale (pronounced ``cass-TRAHL-ee'', née Dalkas, born March 24, 1979) is an American professional golfer on the LPGA Tour.	Nicole Castrale	golfer
occupation	Les Sampou is an American singer-songwriter and recording artist.	Les Sampou	singer-songwriter
occupation	Paul Amos is a Welsh actor and Web series producer.	Paul Amos	actor
occupation	Penaz Masani is an Indian Ghazal singer who started singing in 1981 and has made over 20 albums.	Penaz Masani	singer
occupation	Thomas Penfield Jackson (January 10, 1937 -- June 15, 2013) was a judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.	Thomas Penfield Jackson	judge
occupation	John Joseph Montgomery (February 15, 1858 -- October 31, 1911) was an American inventor, physicist, engineer, and professor at Santa Clara College in Santa Clara, California who is best known for his invention of controlled heavier-than-air flying machines.	John Joseph Montgomery	engineer
occupation	Emil L. Smith (July 5, 1911 -- May 31, 2009) was an American biochemist who studied protein structure and function as well as biochemical evolution.	Emil L. Smith	biochemist
occupation	Jennifer Kes Remington is an American composer and filmmaker.	Jennifer Kes Remington	composer
occupation	Amy Londoner (April 12, 1875 -- 1953) was an American painter who exhibited at the 1913 Armory Show.	Amy Londoner	painter
occupation	Robert W. Faid (April 30, 1929 - May 30, 2008) was an American author, numerologist and former nuclear engineer from Greenville, South Carolina.	Robert W. Faid	engineer
occupation	Arthur Wells Gilmore, known as Art Gilmore (March 18, 1912 -- September 25, 2010), was an American voice actor and announcer heard in on radio and television programs, children's records, movies, trailers, radio commercials, and documentary films.	Art Gilmore	actor
occupation	Leroy Lamis (1925--2010) was an American sculptor, digital artist and art educator known for his work with Plexiglas.	Leroy Lamis	sculptor
occupation	Dick Rude (born 1964) is a director, actor and writer known for his appearances in and contributions to many Alex Cox films including a starring role in 1986's Straight to Hell, which he also served as a writer and contributed to the film's soundtrack.	Dick Rude	actor
occupation	Anselm-François Comeau (December 2, 1793 -- November 27, 1867) was a farmer, businessman and politician of Acadian descent in Nova Scotia.	Anselm-François Comeau	politician
occupation	Hedley Mattingly (May 7, 1915 -- March 3, 1998) was a British actor who appeared in many American films and television series.	Hedley Mattingly	actor
occupation	Krzysztof Celestyn Mrongovius (German: Christoph Cölestin Mrongovius; Polish: Krzysztof Celestyn Mrongowiusz) (July 19, 1764 -- June 3, 1855) was a Protestant pastor, writer, philosopher, distinguished linguist, and translator.	Krzysztof Celestyn Mrongovius	linguist	translator
occupation	Ivan Kovalčik Mileševac (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Ковалчик Милешевац; March 3, 1968), Prijepolje, Yugoslavia, Serbia) is a Serbian icon and fresco painter - the Prime Master of the Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of Mileševa.	Ivan Kovalčik Mileševac	painter
occupation	Elia Suleiman (Arabic: إيليا سليمان‎, IPA: (ˈʔiːlja sʊleːˈmaːn); born July 28, 1960) is a Palestinian film director and actor of Rûm Greek Orthodox origin.	Elia Suleiman	film director	actor
occupation	Andrew John Boyd Hilton (born 1944) is a British historian and a professor and fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.	Boyd Hilton	historian
occupation	Dil Wickremasinghe is a broadcaster, comedian and journalist living in Ireland.	Dil Wickremasinghe	journalist
occupation	Dimitry Elias Léger (born September 27, 1971) is a Haitian-American writer and humanitarian.	Dimitry Elias Léger	writer
occupation	Antranig Chalabian (March 11, 1922, Kessab, Syria - April 12, 2011, Southfield, Michigan) was a medical illustrator, cartographer and historian, an author of several volumes on Armenian history.	Antranig Chalabian	historian
occupation	Paul Vitello is an American journalist who has been actively reporting for a variety of publications since 1975.	Paul Vitello	journalist
occupation	Melanie Friend is a photographer/artist and Reader in Photography in the School of Media, Film and Music at University of Sussex, England.	Melanie Friend	photographer
occupation	Rona Elliot (born February 22, 1947) is an American music journalist and interviewer of television, radio, and print.	Rona Elliot	journalist
occupation	Rowland Pettit (February 6, 1927 -- December 10, 1981) was an Australian-born American chemist.	Rowland Pettit	chemist
occupation	Albert Kirchner (aka Léar) was a French photographer, manufacturer, exhibitor, and filmmaker who is noted for producing several religious and pornographic films.	Albert Kirchner	photographer
occupation	Blackie Lawless (born Steven Edward Duren; September 4, 1956) is an American songwriter and musician best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist (formerly bassist) for the heavy metal band W.A.S.P.	Blackie Lawless	singer
occupation	Triveni Acharya is an Indian journalist and activist living in Mumbai, best known for her work with the anti-sex-trafficking group the Rescue Foundation.	Triveni Acharya	journalist
occupation	Larry Nemmers is a retired educator and better known as a former American football official in the National Football League (NFL).	Larry Nemmers	official
occupation	Franziska Steffen (born August 25, 1981 in Surodadi) is an Indonesian-born Swiss freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross and a former alpine skier.	Franziska Steffen	freestyle skier
occupation	Jitendra Joshi (Marathi: जितेंद्र जोशी) is a Marathi theater, movie actor and reality show host.	Jitendra Joshi	actor
occupation	Arnold Rosner (November 8, 1945 in New York City -- November 8, 2013) was an American composer of classical music.	Arnold Rosner	composer
occupation	Michele Hicks (born June 4, 1973) is an American screen actress and former fashion model who has worked in both film and television.	Michele Hicks	model
occupation	Chris Kelsey (born June 5, 1961) is an American-born jazz saxophonist, composer, and critic.	Chris Kelsey	saxophonist
occupation	Gabriel Moraga (1765 -- June 14, 1823) was a Spanish army officer in the Viceroyalty of New Spain, an Alta California explorer, and son of the pioneer José Joaquín Moraga.	Gabriel Moraga	explorer
occupation	Marcus Minucius Augurinus (Latin, Marcus Minucius Augurinus) was a Roman Republican politician of the patrician gens Minucia during the beginning of the 5th century BC. He served as Consul of Rome in 497 BC and 491 BC, both times serving together with Aulus Sempronius Atratinus.	Marcus Minucius Augurinus	politician
occupation	Francesco Corteccia (July 27, 1502 -- June 7, 1571) was an Italian composer, organist, and teacher of the Renaissance.	Francesco Corteccia	composer
occupation	Nicholas Hall is a Melbourne jockey originally from Brisbane, Queensland.	Nicholas Hall	jockey
occupation	Margaret Higgins Sanger (born Margaret Louise Higgins, September 14, 1879 -- September 6, 1966, also known as Margaret Sanger Slee) was an American birth control activist, sex educator, writer, and nurse.	Margaret Sanger	activist	nurse
occupation	Leonid Mikhailovich Shkadov was a physicist who came up with the idea of the Shkadov Thruster.	Leonid Mikhailovich Shkadov	physicist
occupation	Robert S. Newman (born February 12, 1943 ) is an anthropologist based in Marblehead, Massachusetts, USA, primarily known for his contribution to studying post-1961 Goa, India.	Robert S. Newman	anthropologist
occupation	Sunny Besen Thrasher (born December 13, 1976 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former Canadian child actor who starred as Paul Edison in Nelvana's live-action series, The Edison Twins, and supplied voices in the first two Care Bears movies.	Sunny Besen Thrasher	child actor
occupation	Roger Gracie Gomes (born September 26, 1981) is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist.	Roger Gracie	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jeffrey Hayden (born October 15, 1926, in New York City, New York) is an American television director and producer.	Jeffrey Hayden	television director
occupation	Cathie Beck (born August 3, 1955) is a Denver-based journalist and creative writer.	Cathie Beck	journalist
occupation	Jóanes Nielsen (born April 5, 1953) is a Faroese author and poet of the 1980s generation.	Jóanes Nielsen	poet
occupation	Ann-Sofie Gälman is a Swedish television presenter and journalist working for SVT2s daily news magazine Nordnytt, which covers Sweden's three most northern provinces.	Ann-Sofie Gälman	television presenter	journalist
occupation	Cenap Samet a.k.a. Dzenap Samet, or Џенап Самет, (born 2 April 1980, Skopje, Macedonia) is Macedonian-Turkish actor.	Cenap Samet	actor
occupation	Benjamin Orzechowski (September 8, 1947 -- October 3, 2000), known as Benjamin Orr, was an American musician best known as a singer, bassist and co-founder of the rock band the Cars.	Benjamin Orr	musician	singer	bassist
occupation	Anja Richter-Libiseller (born October 5, 1977 in Vienna) is an Austrian platform diver.	Anja Richter	diver
occupation	Pierre Ouellet (born September 2, 1950) is a Québecois writer, critic, and literature professor.	Pierre Ouellet	writer
occupation	Christian Magoon is an American entrepreneur, author, speaker and business executive, best known for being CEO of Magoon Capital.	Christian Magoon	entrepreneur
occupation	Kat Flint is a Scottish singer-songwriter born in Barbados and raised in Aberdeen.	Kat Flint	singer-songwriter
occupation	Richard Fancy (born August 2, 1943) is an American actor known for his long recurring role on Seinfeld as publisher Mr. Lippman, Elaine Benes's first major employer on the series.	Richard Fancy	actor
occupation	Catharine Weed Barnes (1851--1913) was an early American photographer who later lived in England.	Catharine Weed Barnes	photographer
occupation	Enrico Forlanini (December 13, 1848 - October 9, 1930) was an Italian engineer, inventor and aeronautical pioneer, well known for his works on helicopters, aircraft, hydrofoils and dirigibles.	Enrico Forlanini	engineer
occupation	Pellín Rodríguez (December 4, 1926 -- October 31, 1984), was a Salsa singer.	Pellín Rodríguez	singer
occupation	Amana Melome is a Euro-Caribbean-American singer-songwriter currently based in Stockholm.	Amana Melome	singer-songwriter
occupation	Myla Dalbesio (born in 1987 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania) is an American model and artist from Wisconsin.	Myla Dalbesio	model
occupation	Terese Pencak Schwartz (born in Wildflecken, Germany) is an American writer, historian, publicist and fine art photographer, who studied journalism and communication arts at the Michigan State University.	Terese Pencak Schwartz	writer
occupation	Umberto Bazzoli (Verona, 1860 -- after 1887) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes and portraits.	Umberto Bazzoli	painter
occupation	Yuna Aoki (Japanese: 青木祐奈, born 10 January 2002) is a Japanese competitive figure skater.	Yuna Aoki	figure skater
occupation	Sir Thomas North (1535--1604) was an English justice of the peace, military officer and translator.	Thomas North	translator
occupation	Basil Soper (c1938 -- June 1, 2013) was a British actor and voice-over artist, best known for his work on the Basil Brush show and famous for presenting ``The Personal Injury Helpline'' adverts.	Basil Soper	actor
occupation	John Kusiak (born July 20, 1948) is an American composer best known for his work with documentary filmmaker Errol Morris.	John Kusiak	composer
occupation	William Rousseau is a French singer and composer.	William Rousseau	singer	composer
occupation	Hannibal Lokumbe (born Marvin Peterson on November 11, 1948 in Smithville, Texas) also known mononymously as Hannibal, is an American jazz trumpeter and composer.	Hannibal Lokumbe	trumpeter	composer
occupation	Shane Van Dyke (born August 28, 1979) is an American television and film actor, film director and screenwriter.	Shane Van Dyke	actor	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Leonhard Ludwig Finke (1747--1837) was a German physician, known for his contributions to medical geography.	Leonhard Ludwig Finke	physician
occupation	Nirupa Chandari is an American biologist who has shown that human and animal tongues have special receptors that respond to umami, the fifth taste.	Nirupa Chandari	biologist
occupation	Maia Panjikidze (Georgian: მაია ფანჯიკიძე) (born October 16, 1960) is a Georgian diplomat and politician.	Maia Panjikidze	diplomat
occupation	Wayne Brent is the current college basketball head coach of the Jackson State Tigers and a former high school basketball coach and college assistant coach.	Wayne Brent	basketball coach
occupation	Mary Mazzio is an American award-winning documentary filmmaker, attorney, and a rower for the United States in the 1992 Olympics.	Mary Mazzio	rower
occupation	Thomas Suluk (Inuktitut: ᑖᒪᔅ ᓱᓗᒃ, born March 14, 1950) is a former Canadian politician.	Thomas Suluk	politician
occupation	Paul Adelstein (born April 29, 1969) is an American television and film actor, best known for the role of Agent Paul Kellerman in the Fox television series Prison Break and his role as pediatrician Cooper Freedman in the ABC's Private Practice.	Paul Adelstein	film actor
occupation	Jeffrey Brooks (born 1956) is an American composer living in Minneapolis.	Jeffrey Brooks	composer
occupation	Jonathan Wade-Drahos is an American film and television actor who is most famous for his lead role as John Webster in Dirk Shafer's 2001 film Circuit.	Jonathan Wade-Drahos	actor
occupation	Thomas Witten is an American theoretical physicist working in the field of soft matter physics.	Thomas Witten	physicist
occupation	Granius Flaccus (active in the 1st century BC) was an antiquarian and scholar of Roman law and religion, probably in the time of Julius Caesar and Augustus.	Granius Flaccus	antiquarian
occupation	Winston Jessurun is a Surinamese politician and plastic surgeon.	Winston Jessurun	politician
occupation	John Rutherfurd (September 20, 1760 -- February 23, 1840) was an American politician and land surveyor.	John Rutherfurd	politician
occupation	Miroslav Kraljević (1885--1913) was a Croatian painter, printmaker and sculptor, active in the early part of the 20th century.	Miroslav Kraljević	painter	sculptor
occupation	Saviour Kasukuwere is a Zimbabwean politician who has served in the government of Zimbabwe as Minister of Local Government since 2015.	Saviour Kasukuwere	politician
occupation	Archie Blackowl was a Cheyenne painter from Oklahoma who played a pivotal role in mid-20th century Native American art.	Archie Blackowl	painter
occupation	Troy Olsen (born July 12, 1973) is an American country music singer-songwriter signed to EMI Nashville, a sister label to Capitol Records Nashville.	Troy Olsen	singer-songwriter
occupation	Lieutenant General Elchin Guliyev Isa oglu (Azerbaijani: Elçin Quliyev Isa oğlu; born September 22, 1967) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Chief of State Border Service of Azerbaijan Republic.	Elchin Guliyev	politician
occupation	John Bromfield (born Farron Bromfield; June 11, 1922 -- September 19, 2005) was an American film and television actor.	John Bromfield	actor
occupation	Henry Dzinotyiweyi is a Zimbabwean mathematician and politician.	Henry Dzinotyiweyi	politician
occupation	Edward John Neary is American electronic engineer, specializing in audio processing equipment for motion pictures and broadcasting, as well as an Academy Award and Emmy Award winner.	John Neary	engineer
occupation	John Menario (born September 18, 1935) is an American banker, politician and urban planner.	John Menario	politician
occupation	Ata ul Haq Qasmi (Urdu: عطا الحق قاسمی‎) is a Pakistani Urdu language columnist and poet.	Ata ul Haq Qasmi	poet
occupation	Danya Ruttenberg is an American rabbi, editor, and author.	Danya Ruttenberg	rabbi
occupation	Arman Sabir (Urdu: ارمان صابر‎) is an investigative Pakistani journalist.	Arman Sabir	journalist
occupation	Peter Bradley Adams is a folk-pop Americana singer-songwriter from Birmingham, Alabama.	Peter Bradley Adams	singer-songwriter
occupation	Witmer Stone (September 22, 1866 -- May 24, 1939) was an American ornithologist, botanist, and mammalogist, and was considered one of the last of the ``great naturalists.''	Witmer Stone	ornithologist	botanist
occupation	Bohdan Lepky, (Ukrainian: Богдан Лепкий, November 9, 1872, Krehulets, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austro-Hungary -- July 21, 1941, Cracow, General Government, Nazi Germany) was a prominent Ukrainian writer, poet, scholar, public figure, artist and patriot.	Bohdan Lepky	writer
occupation	Alexandra Cunningham (born 1972/1973) is an American playwright, screenwriter, and television producer.	Alexandra Cunningham	screenwriter
occupation	Antonio Macia is an American screenwriter and actor.	Antonio Macia	actor
occupation	Charles J. Hewitt (July 15, 1867 -- July 22, 1940) was an American businessman, banker and politician from New York.	Charles J. Hewitt	politician
occupation	Armen Nalbandian (born April 6, 1978, in Manchester, England) is a jazz pianist, composer, author and humanitarian from Los Angeles, California.	Armen Nalbandian	composer
occupation	Sherry Roberts (born July 29, 1968) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 29 beginning in 2015.	Sherry Roberts	politician
occupation	Jimmy Demers is an American singer-songwriter, best known as ``the original voice'' of the ``Always Coca-Cola'' ad campaign.	Jimmy Demers	singer
occupation	Dermot Boyd is a Northern Irish-born television director.	Dermot Boyd	television director
occupation	Anthony Crolla (born 16 November 1986) is a British professional boxer who has fought in the super featherweight and lightweight divisions.	Anthony Crolla	boxer
occupation	Mimi Hines (born July 17, 1933) is a Canadian-born singer and comedian best known for her appearances on The Tonight Show and her work on Broadway.	Mimi Hines	singer
occupation	Jean Derome (born June 29, 1955) is a French Canadian avant-garde saxophonist, flautist and composer.	Jean Derome	composer
occupation	Randolph Mantooth (born Randy DeRoy Mantooth, September 19, 1945), is an American actor who has worked in television, documentaries, theater, and film for more than 40 years.	Randolph Mantooth	actor
occupation	Laura Rossi is a British composer of film and concert works.	Laura Rossi	composer
occupation	In 1894, Soghomon was ordained hieromonk (կուսակրոն աբեղա) and given the name of the 7th-century poet and musician, Catholicos Komitas.	Komitas	musician
occupation	Ignatius Pell was a pirate who served as the boatswain to Captain Stede Bonnet aboard the Royal James, a ship previously named Revenge.	Ignatius Pell	pirate
occupation	Douglas Henry (born May 18, 1926) is a Tennessee politician and former member of the Tennessee Senate representing the 21st district, which is composed of part of Davidson County.	Douglas Henry	politician
occupation	Agostino Aglio (December 15, 1777 -- January 30, 1857) was an Italian painter, decorator, and engraver.	Agostino Aglio	painter	engraver
occupation	Dr. Konrad Bates Krauskopf (November 30, 1910--May 4, 2003) was an American geologist, a pioneer in geochemistry, noted for his work in radioactive waste disposal.	Konrad Bates Krauskopf	geologist
occupation	Prince Anton of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen (October 7, 1841 -- August 6, 1866) was a German royal and soldier.	Prince Anton of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen	soldier
occupation	Margaretta Angelica Peale (born Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, October 1, 1795 - died there, January 17, 1882) was an American painter, one of the Peale family of artists.	Margaretta Angelica Peale	painter
occupation	Alex Reymundo is a Mexican-American comedian and actor, who was featured on the 2007 ALMA Awards.	Alex Reymundo	actor
occupation	Tiberio Fiorilli, also spelled Fiorillo and Fiurelli (November 9, 1608 -- December 7, 1694) was an Italian actor of commedia dell'arte known for developing the role of Scaramouche.	Tiberio Fiorilli	actor
occupation	Johannes Kepler (German: (ˈkɛplɐ); December 27, 1571 -- November 15, 1630) was a German mathematician, astronomer, and astrologer.	Johannes Kepler	mathematician	astronomer	astrologer
occupation	Michelle Yim had been in a long-term relationship with former soccer player and fellow actor, Wan Chi-keung, who died on 16 February 2010.	Michelle Yim	actor
occupation	Victor Guzun (born April 24, 1975 in Drasliceni, Criuleni District, Moldova) is a Moldovan teacher, politician and diplomat.	Victor Guzun	diplomat
occupation	Francisco de Ceballos or Cevallos, Zavallos (died c. 1571) was a Spanish Renaissance composer.	Francisco de Ceballos	composer
occupation	Nataliya Sumska has one sister, is married to a fellow actor with whom she a daughter and a son.	Nataliya Sumska	actor
occupation	Jonathon Edington (born October 29, 1976) is a Fairfield, Connecticut, United States, patent lawyer who achieved national notoriety when, on August 28, 2006, he murdered his neighbor, Barry James, after being told that James had molested Edington's two-year-old daughter.	Jonathon Edington	lawyer
occupation	Arthur Eugster (April 5, 1863 - January 7, 1922) was a Swiss politician of Appenzell Ausserrhoden, President of the Swiss National Council for the year 1915/1916.	Arthur Eugster	politician
occupation	Jiří Janák (born August 1, 1983 in Olomouc) is a Czech auto racing driver.	Jiří Janák	racing driver
occupation	William Byron Rumford (February 2, 1908 -- June 12, 1986) was an American pharmacist and politician.	William Byron Rumford	pharmacist	politician
occupation	Alberto Blest Gana (May 4, 1830 -- November 9, 1920) was a Chilean novelist and diplomat, considered the father of Chilean novel.	Alberto Blest Gana	diplomat
occupation	George Wood (December 31, 1919 -- July 24, 2000) was an American film and television actor, usually billed as G. Wood.	G. Wood	actor
occupation	Karl Gottfried Konstantin Dehio (May 27, 1851, Reval -- February 26, 1927) was a Baltic German internist and professor of pathology.	Karl Gottfried Konstantin Dehio	internist
occupation	Allan Kaprow (August 23, 1927 -- April 5, 2006) was an American painter, assemblagist and a pioneer in establishing the concepts of performance art. He helped to develop the ``Environment'' and ``Happening'' in the late 1950s and 1960s, as well as their theory.	Allan Kaprow	painter
occupation	Heather Koldewey is a marine biologist and environmentalist, a specialist on seahorses and their relatives.	Heather Koldewey	marine biologist
occupation	Martin Preiss (born September 18, 1978 in Prague) is a Czech cinematographer, writer and director.	Martin Preiss	cinematographer
occupation	Christie G. Enke is a United States academic chemist.	Christie G. Enke	chemist
occupation	Gene Anderson (October 4, 1939 -- October 31, 1991), born Eugene Avon Anderson was an American professional wrestler best known for teaming with his (kayfabe) brother Ole Anderson.	Gene Anderson	professional wrestler
occupation	Israel Scheffler (November 25, 1923 - February 16, 2014) was an American philosopher of science and of education.	Israel Scheffler	philosopher
occupation	Sung Yu-hsieh (Chinese: 宋餘俠; pinyin: Sòng Yúxiá) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Sung Yu-hsieh	politician
occupation	Anita Magsaysay-Ho (May 25, 1914 - May 5, 2012 ) was a Filipino painter.	Anita Magsaysay-Ho	painter
occupation	Patrick Mower (born 12 September 1938), whose original name was Patrick Archibald Shaw, is an English actor well known for his various television and occasional film roles, often as a detective or secret agent and more recently as Rodney Blackstock in ITV soap opera Emmerdale, a role he has played since 2000.	Patrick Mower	actor
occupation	Rik Daniëls (born October 24, 1962) is a Belgian television director.	Rik Daniëls	television director
occupation	Judy Blume (born Judith Sussman on February 12, 1938) is an American writer.	Judy Blume	writer
occupation	Kev Orkian is a British-Armenian musician, comedian and actor born in London to Armenian parents.	Kev Orkian	comedian
occupation	Robert Ashley (March 28, 1930 -- March 3, 2014) was an American composer, who was best known for his operas and other theatrical works, many of which incorporate electronics and extended techniques.	Robert Ashley	composer
occupation	Jacques Dudon is a French just intonation composer and instrument builder.	Jacques Dudon	composer
occupation	Simon Chandler is a British film, television and theatre actor.	Simon Chandler	actor
occupation	Connie Stevens (born August 8, 1938) is an American actress, director, screenwriter and singer, best known for her role in the television series Hawaiian Eye and other TV and film work.	Connie Stevens	singer
occupation	Muga Lal Mahato (Nepali: मुगालाल महतो) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Madhesi Janadhikar Forum.	Muga Lal Mahato	politician
occupation	Nicolae Coval (Camenca, December 19, 1904 -- Chişinău, January 15, 1970) was a Moldavian SSR politician.	Nicolae Coval	politician
occupation	Edward Story (or Storey; died 1503) was an English priest, Bishop of Carlisle, 1468--1477, and Bishop of Chichester, 1477--1503.	Edward Story	priest
occupation	Emil Wolf (born July 30, 1922) is a Czech born American physicist who made advancements in physical optics, including diffraction, coherence properties of optical fields, spectroscopy of partially coherent radiation, and the theory of direct scattering and inverse scattering.	Emil Wolf	physicist
occupation	Darryl Neighbour (born July 21, 1948) is a Canadian wheelchair curler.	Darryl Neighbour	curler
occupation	Jules-François Crahay (1917--1988) was a Belgian-born French fashion designer who worked for the houses of Nina Ricci (1952--1963) and Lanvin as head designer (1963--1983).	Jules-François Crahay	fashion designer
occupation	Wafah Dufour (née bin Laden, born in Los Angeles, California) is an American singer-songwriter, socialite, and model.	Wafah Dufour	singer-songwriter	model
occupation	Tony Longo (August 19, 1961 -- June 21, 2015) was an American actor who has appeared in many well-known television series such as Laverne & Shirley, Simon & Simon, Alice, Perfect Strangers, High Tide, Sydney, Las Vegas, Six Feet Under and Monk.	Tony Longo	actor
occupation	Satyajit Padhye is an Indian ventriloquist, puppeteer and puppet maker, and third generation ventriloquist.	Satyajit Padhye	puppeteer
occupation	Ōshikōchi no Mitsune (凡河内 躬恒) was an early Heian administrator and waka poet of the Japanese court (859--925), and a member of the Thirty-six Poetry Immortals.	Ōshikōchi no Mitsune	poet
occupation	María Yáñez García (stage name, Bella Dorita; Cuevas de Almanzora, Province of Almería, February 23, 1901 - Barcelona, June 27, 2001), was a Spanish cabaret singer, dancer, and vedette.	Bella Dorita	singer
occupation	William Dale Swann (January 21, 1948 -- April 9, 2009) was an American character actor known for his numerous roles in television, film and commercials.	Dale Swann	actor
occupation	Charles Thomas Oldham, also known by his other professional name Tom Oldham and personally as Chaz Oldham, is a British actor, voiceover artist, screenwriter and film producer.	Charles Thomas Oldham	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Sofía Bassi (July 28, 1913 -- September 11, 1998) was a Mexican painter and writer noted for her surrealist work as well as her personal life, which included five years in prison for murder.	Sofía Bassi	painter
occupation	Urban Rusnák is a Slovak diplomat and academic.	Urban Rusnák	diplomat
occupation	Theodor V. Ionescu (February 8, 1899 - November 7, 1988) was a Romanian physicist and inventor who made remarkable discoveries in plasma physics, ionosphere physics, ion coupling electrons in dense plasmas, masers, magnetron amplifiers, and Zeeman effects related to controlled nuclear fusion and quantum emission mechanisms in hot plasmas.	Theodor V. Ionescu	physicist
occupation	Anand Babu (Tamil: ஆனந்த் பாபு) is an Indian film actor, who has appeared in several leading roles from 1983 to 1999.	Anand Babu	actor
occupation	Jerome Chodorov (August 10, 1911 -- September 12, 2004) was an American playwright and librettist.	Jerome Chodorov	librettist
occupation	Jeung Soon-bok (born August 9, 1960) is a South Korean team handball player and Olympic silver medalist.	Jeung Soon-bok	handball player
occupation	Nicole Formescu (Anderson) is a Romanian-born British singer-songwriter and flautist.	Nicole Formescu	singer
occupation	Giuliano Figueras (born January 24, 1976 in Naples) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer.	Giuliano Figueras	bicycle racer
occupation	Ximena Huilipán Muñoz (born September 19, 1986) is a Chilean model and actress of Mapuche descent.	Ximena Huilipán	model
occupation	James David Vaughan (December 14, 1864 -- February 9, 1941) was an American music teacher, composer, song book publisher, the founder of the Vaughan Conservatory of Music and the James D. Vaughan Publishing Company.	James David Vaughan	composer
occupation	Peter Sabroe (January 23, 1867 -- July 26, 1913), was a Danish journalist, politician, and children's rights advocate.	Peter Sabroe	journalist
occupation	Diane Pershing, born and raised in Queens, New York, is an American romance novelist, television writer and voice actress.	Diane Pershing	novelist
occupation	Bernd Erich Gall (born August 2, 1956) is a German painter and conceptual artist.	Bernd Erich Gall	painter
occupation	Sam Fell (born 1965/1966) is a British film director, screenwriter, voice actor and animator.	Sam Fell	film director	screenwriter	voice actor
occupation	Bülent Ulusoy (born January 7, 1978 in Trabzon) is a Turkish boxer best known to win the European title 2000 at welterweight.	Bülent Ulusoy	boxer
occupation	Chrisette Michele Payne (born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Chrisette Michele, is an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter.	Chrisette Michele	singer-songwriter
occupation	Kent Pullen (May 4, 1942 -- April 14, 2003) was a Washington state politician in the Republican party.	Kent Pullen	politician
occupation	Quintus Mucius Scaevola Pontifex (died 82 BC), the son of Publius Mucius Scaevola (consul in 133 BC and also Pontifex Maximus) was a politician of the Roman Republic and an important early authority on Roman law.	Quintus Mucius Scaevola Pontifex	politician
occupation	Costas Montis (Greek: Κώστας Μόντης; 1914--2004) was an influential and prolific Cypriot poet, novelist, and playwright.	Costas Montis	poet
occupation	Erwin Biegel (March 25, 1896 -- May 24, 1954) was a German stage and film actor who appeared in over eighty feature films in a variety of supporting roles.	Erwin Biegel	actor
occupation	Jason Garfield (born August 9, 1974) is a juggler and entertainer from Norfolk, Connecticut.	Jason Garfield	entertainer
occupation	Howie Smith (born February 25, 1943), is a saxophonist, composer, jazz musician and educator Howie Smith was born in Pottsville, Pennsylvania in 1943.	Howie Smith	composer	jazz musician
occupation	Alan Ruscoe is a British actor who is best known for his work as various aliens, monsters and androids in the Star Wars films and the television series Doctor Who.	Alan Ruscoe	actor
occupation	Gianni Giansanti (1956 -- March 18, 2009) was a long time photographer of Pope John Paul II.	Gianni Giansanti	photographer
occupation	Evelyn Fox Keller (born March 20, 1936) is an American physicist, author and feminist.	Evelyn Fox Keller	physicist
occupation	Diane Wittry is an American musical conductor, currently serving as the Music Director and Conductor of both the Allentown Symphony Orchestra in Pennsylvania (since 1995), and the Norwalk Symphony in Connecticut (since 2002).	Diane Wittry	conductor
occupation	Ashley Hicklin is a Multi-Platinum English singer, songwriter, and producer.	Ashley Hicklin	singer, songwriter
occupation	Thomas Finchum (born December 1, 1989) is an American platform diver.	Thomas Finchum	diver
occupation	Choi Soo-min (also Choi Su-min, Korean: 최 수민; born April 12, 1981) is a South Korean former swimmer, who specialized in backstroke events.	Choi Soo-min	swimmer
occupation	Sol Lesser (February 17, 1890 -- September 19, 1980) was an American film producer and presenter.	Sol Lesser	film producer
occupation	Jaicko is a Bajan contemporary pop music singer/songwriter signed to Capitol Records.	Jaicko	singer
occupation	Jordan Nagai is an American former child voice actor.	Jordan Nagai	actor
occupation	Alan Muraoka (born August 10, 1962) is an American actor and theatre director who plays Alan, the current owner of Hooper's Store, on the television show Sesame Street.	Alan Muraoka	actor
occupation	Maria Cornejo is a fashion designer based in New York and known for her Zero + Maria Cornejo collection.	Maria Cornejo	fashion designer
occupation	Reginald Case (December 23, 1937 - April 24, 2009) was an American artist who made American Folk Art collages and Hollywood iconographic mixed-media assemblages and sculptures.	Reginald Case	artist
occupation	Annette Moreno (born April 26, 1972) is an American Christian music singer-songwriter who performs in the Spanish language.	Annette Moreno	singer
occupation	Greg Marcks (born August 12, 1976) is an American director and screenwriter of motion pictures who lives in Silver Lake, Los Angeles, California.	Greg Marcks	screenwriter
occupation	Shannon Finn (born January 25, 1972) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the International Hockey League and American Hockey League.	Shannon Finn	ice hockey player
occupation	Andrés Useche is an award-winning Colombian American writer, film director, graphic artist, singer-songwriter and activist.	Andrés Useche	film director	singer-songwriter
occupation	James Edward Hanger (February 25, 1843 -- June 9, 1919) was a Confederate States Army veteran of the American Civil War, a prosthetist and a businessman.	James Edward Hanger	prosthetist
occupation	Toby Ross is an American film director who made gay pornographic films in the 1970s and 80s.	Toby Ross	film director
occupation	In 2004, a five-mile (8 km) stretch of Interstate 85 through Jackson's hometown of Newnan was renamed the ``Alan Jackson Highway'' in the singer's honor.	Alan Jackson	singer
occupation	Major General Huntington Blair Downer, Jr., known as Hunt Downer (born April 28, 1946), is a Republican politician in the U.S. state of Louisiana who is the former assistant adjutant general of the state National Guard and the first ever director of the new Louisiana Veterans Affairs Department.	Hunt Downer	politician
occupation	Ya'akov Margi (Hebrew: יעקב מרגי‎, born 18 November 1960) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Shas.	Ya'akov Margi	politician
occupation	Robbie Gennet is a piano player, a songwriter, and an entertainer, amongst other things.	Robbie Gennet	songwriter
occupation	Sander S. Florman, M.D., is an American transplant surgeon and Director of the Recanati/Miller Transplantation Institute at The The Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City.	Sander S. Florman	surgeon
occupation	Bob Shacochis (born September 9, 1951) is an acclaimed American novelist, short story writer, and literary journalist.	Bob Shacochis	novelist	journalist
occupation	Hermogenes of Tarsus (Greek: Ἑρμογένης ὁ Ταρσεύς) was a Greek rhetorician, surnamed the polisher (Ξυστήρ).	Hermogenes of Tarsus	rhetorician
occupation	Qiu Xuejun is a Chinese diplomat and government officer.	Qiu Xuejun	diplomat
occupation	Shoaib Mohammad (Urdu: شعیب محمد‎) (born January 8, 1961, Karachi, Sindh) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 45 Tests and 63 ODIs from 1983 to 1995.	Shoaib Mohammad	cricketer
occupation	Bascom Lamar Lunsford (March 21, 1882 - September 4, 1973) was a lawyer, folklorist, and performer of traditional (folk and country) music from western North Carolina.	Bascom Lamar Lunsford	lawyer
occupation	Callicles (/ˈkælɪkliːz/; Greek: Καλλικλῆς; c. 484 -- late 5th century BCE) was an ancient Athenian political philosopher best remembered for his role in Plato's dialogue Gorgias, where he ``presents himself as a no-holds-barred, bare-knuckled, clear-headed advocate of Realpolitik.''	Callicles	philosopher
occupation	Scott Schuman is an American blogger and fashion photographer who created ``The Sartorialist.''	Scott Schuman	photographer
occupation	Ellen Steiber is an American novelist and author of books for young readers, including some based on single episodes of The X-Files and Full House series.	Ellen Steiber	novelist
occupation	Stoyan Zagorchinov (Стоян Загорчинов; 1889--1969) was a Bulgarian writer.	Stoyan Zagorchinov	writer
occupation	James G. Neal is an American librarian, library administrator, and a prominent figure in American and international library associations.	James G. Neal	librarian
occupation	Fintan Ryan is an Irish comedy screenwriter, best known for writing the BBC Two situation comedy Never Better.	Fintan Ryan	screenwriter
occupation	Rekha Raj is an Indian Sufi singer.	Rekha Raj	singer
occupation	Amnius Anicius Julianus (Latin: Amnius Anicius Iulianus; floruit 322--329) was a politician of the Roman Empire.	Amnius Anicius Julianus	politician
occupation	Xinyu Zhang (born 5 March 1955 in Inner Mongolia Ordos) is a computer software engineer.	Xinyu Zhang	engineer
occupation	Brian Vahaly (born July 19, 1979) is a former American professional tennis player and graduate of University of Virginia.	Brian Vahaly	tennis player
occupation	Robert C. Green (born October 21, 1954) is an American medical geneticist, physician, public health researcher and professor.	Robert C. Green	geneticist
occupation	Sara Webb is an American professional ballet dancer and a principal dancer with the Houston Ballet (1997--present).	Sara Webb	ballet dancer
occupation	Dr. Lewis V. Baldwin is a historian, author, and professor specializing in the history of the black churches in the United States.	Lewis V. Baldwin	historian
occupation	Barton Lidice Beneš (November 16, 1942 - Hackensack, New Jersey -- May 30, 2012 - New York) was an artist who lived and worked in New York City.	Barton Lidice Beneš	artist
occupation	Geraldo Azevedo (born January 11, 1945) is a Brazilian singer and guitarist.	Geraldo Azevedo	singer
occupation	Andre Anderson (born 1890 in Chicago, Illinois -- April 1, 1926) was an American boxer from 1915 until his death in 1926.	Andre Anderson	boxer
occupation	Eduard Toll graduated from the University of Dorpat (Tartu) as a zoologist in 1882.	Eduard Toll	zoologist
occupation	Bob Hiltermann is a German-born deaf actor and drummer for Beethoven's Nightmare.	Bob Hiltermann	actor
occupation	Wesley Clair Mitchell (August 5, 1874 -- October 29, 1948) was an American economist known for his empirical work on business cycles and for guiding the National Bureau of Economic Research in its first decades.	Wesley Clair Mitchell	economist
occupation	Todd Anthony Shaw (born April 28, 1966), better known by the stage name Too Short (stylized as Too $hort), is an American rapper, producer, and actor.	Too Short	rapper
occupation	James Koskiniemi (born February 16, 1977) is an American chef who is the recipient of the San Francisco Chefs Association 2010 Chef of the Year.	James Koskiniemi	chef
occupation	Adolf Philipp, also seen as Adolph Philipp (January 29, 1864 -- July 30, 1936), was a successful Broadway composer, writer, lyricist, director, and performer, who also wrote under the pseudonyms Jean Briquet and Paul Hervé.	Adolf Philipp	composer
occupation	Adam Christian Thebesius (January 12, 1686 -- November 10, 1732) was a German anatomist who was a native of Sandenwalde, Silesia.	Adam Christian Thebesius	anatomist
occupation	Omar Akram is a Grammy Award-winning recording artist, composer and pianist.	Omar Akram	composer	pianist
occupation	Eugen Carpov (born April 22, 1966, Ungheni) is a diplomat and politician from Moldova.	Eugen Carpov	diplomat	politician
occupation	Sara Studebaker (born October 7, 1984) is a retired biathlete from the United States who competed on the World Cup circuit from 2009 to 2014.	Sara Studebaker	biathlete
occupation	Charles Haros was a geometer (mathematician) in the French Bureau du Cadastre at the end of the eighteenth century and the beginning of the nineteenth century.	Charles Haros	mathematician
occupation	Frank Lisciandro is an American photographer, film maker, writer and musical journalist with works in photojournalism, reportage, documentary and street photography.	Frank Lisciandro	photographer
occupation	Brian Lane Green (born March 9, 1962) is an American stage and television actor and singer.	Brian Lane Green	actor
occupation	Sophy Ridge (born 1983) is an English broadcast journalist who is the Sky News Senior Political Correspondent.	Sophy Ridge	journalist
occupation	Lumidee Cedeño (born October 13, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter and rapper.	Lumidee	singer
occupation	Abbo Ostrowsky (October 23, 1889 Elizavetgrad, Russia - June 19, 1975) was a Russian-American art teacher, and etcher.	Abbo Ostrowsky	etcher
occupation	Helena Blach Lavrsen (born June 7, 1963) is a Danish curler, several times skip for the Danish team, Olympic medalist and European champion.	Helena Blach Lavrsen	curler
occupation	Kathy Thibodeaux is an American ballet dancer who, in 1986, became co-founder and Artistic Director of Ballet Magnificat!.	Kathy Thibodeaux	dancer
occupation	I. Dragoslav or Ion Dragoslav, pen names of Ion V. Ivaciuc or Ion Sumanariu Ivanciuc (June 14, 1875 -- May 5, 1928), was a Romanian writer.	I. Dragoslav	writer
occupation	Jack Starr is a heavy metal and blues guitarist and songwriter born of a French mother and American father.	Jack Starr	guitarist
occupation	Heather Klimchuk (born August 10, 1958) is a Canadian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Edmonton-Glenora as a Progressive Conservative, from 2008 to 2015.	Heather Klimchuk	politician
occupation	Phil Mitman is an American politician and former Mayor of Easton, Pennsylvania.	Phil Mitman	politician
occupation	David Buttolph (born James David Buttolph Jr., August 3, 1902 -- January 1, 1983) was a film composer who scored over 300 movies in his career.	David Buttolph	composer
occupation	Rubens Ricupero (born March 1, 1937) is a Brazilian academic, economist, bureaucrat and diplomat.	Rubens Ricupero	diplomat
occupation	Đorđe Prudnikov (Ђорђе Прудников, Djordje Prudnikoff) (born 1939) is a Russo-Serbian painter, graphic artist, and designer.	Đorđe Prudnikov	painter
occupation	Sarah L. Buras (born September 16, 1976) professionally known as Sera Buras and Serabee, is an American singer-songwriter.	Serabee	singer-songwriter
occupation	Phạm Lực (Huế, 1943), is a Vietnamese painter.	Phạm Lực	painter
occupation	Claude Michel (December 20, 1738 -- March 29, 1814), known as Clodion, was a French sculptor in the Rococo style, especially noted for his works in terracotta.	Claude Michel	sculptor
occupation	Toni Kirén (born June 18, 1984) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played with Kärpät in the SM-liiga during the 2010--11 season.	Toni Kirén	ice hockey player
occupation	Shigeki Osawa (born May 2, 1986) is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division.	Shigeki Osawa	mixed martial artist
occupation	John Schwartzman, A.S.C. (born October 18, 1960) is an American cinematographer, best known for his work on Jurassic World, The Amazing Spider-Man, The Rock and Seabiscuit, for which he received an Oscar nomination for Best Cinematography.	John Schwartzman	cinematographer
occupation	Joseph Badal (born November 17, 1944) is an American suspense thriller (genre) novelist and notable financier.	Joseph Badal	novelist	financier
occupation	Barry O'Grady is a Gaelic footballer and hurler who plays with Ballyduff and Kerry.	Barry O'Grady	hurler
occupation	Greg Jolivette is a politician in the U.S. state of Ohio: a previous Butler County Commissioner, he has served in the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the Hamilton, Ohio area.	Greg Jolivette	politician
occupation	Pracha Prasobdee (Thai: ประชา ประสพดี) is a Thai politician.	Pracha Prasobdee	politician
occupation	Fred Fish (November 4, 1952 -- April 20, 2007) was a computer programmer notable for work on the GNU Debugger and his series of Fish disks of freeware for the Amiga.	Fred Fish	programmer
occupation	Datin Linda Tsen Thau Lin (Chinese: 曾道玲; pinyin: Zēng Dào Líng) is a Malaysian politician.	Linda Tsen	politician
occupation	Klaus-Peter Lesch is a clinical psychiatrist who has been investigating the neurobiological foundation of personality traits.	Klaus-Peter Lesch	psychiatrist
occupation	Ronny Meixner (born February 27, 1964) is a German racing driver and the founder of VICI Racing.	Ronny Meixner	racing driver
occupation	Shai Reshef born September 11, 1955) is an educational entrepreneur, founder and president of University of the People, a non-profit academic institution offering accredited, low-cost higher education degrees online.	Shai Reshef	entrepreneur
occupation	Gary Clail is an English singer and record producer and is the founder of the Gary Clail Sound System.	Gary Clail	record producer
occupation	Suneil Anand is a film actor and director.	Suneil Anand	actor
occupation	The Swing Painter was an Attic black-figure vase painter, active in the third quarter of the sixth century BC. His real name is unknown.	Swing Painter	black-figure vase painter
occupation	John Anthony Kaiser (November 29, 1932 - August 23, 2000) was a Roman Catholic priest who was murdered in Morendat, Kenya by unknown assailants.	John Anthony Kaiser	priest
occupation	Ernesto Sabato (June 24, 1911 -- April 30, 2011) was an Argentine writer, painter and physicist.	Ernesto Sabato	writer	physicist
occupation	Muhammad Rasul Jan is a Pakistani chemist in the field of Analytical Chemistry.	Rasul Jan	chemist
occupation	Elsa Bornemann (February 20, 1952 - May 24, 2013) was an Argentine children's writer who was a doctor of the Arts, polyglot and composer.	Elsa Bornemann	writer
occupation	Edmund Rosales is a Filipino astronomer and meteorologist and a former president of the Philippine Astronomical Society and Cofounder of The Astronomical League of the Philippines.	Edmund Rosales	astronomer
occupation	Cagnaccio di San Pietro (January 14, 1897 -- May 29, 1946), born Natale Bentivoglio Scarpa, was an Italian magic realist painter.	Cagnaccio di San Pietro	painter
occupation	Ken Kifer (October 23, 1945 -- September 14, 2003) was an American writer, bicyclist and webmaster.	Ken Kifer	writer	webmaster
occupation	Yadu Vijayakrishnan(born January 24, 1993) is an Indian cinematographer, film director and writer.	Yadu Vijayakrishnan	film director
occupation	Andrea Stella (fl. 1620s) was an Italian priest and composer.	Andrea Stella	composer
occupation	George C. Howard (1818--1887) was a Nova Scotian-born American actor and showman who is credited with staging the first theatrical production of Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin.	George C. Howard	actor
occupation	Nathan Keonaona Chai is an American novelist known for having written Fire Creek (2005), which was turned into the film Fire Creek, for which he also wrote the screenplay.	Nathan Keonaona Chai	novelist
occupation	Silas Weir Mitchell (February 15, 1829 -- January 4, 1914) was an American physician and writer known for his discovery of causalgia (complex regional pain syndrome) and erythromelalgia.	Silas Weir Mitchell	physician	writer
occupation	Henry Charles Bryant (1835--1915) was an English portrait and landscapes painter known for his farmyard and market scenes which were noted for their great attention to detail.	Henry Charles Bryant	painter
occupation	Chris Cain (born November 19, 1955, San Jose, California, United States) is an American blues and jazz guitarist with an international following.	Chris Cain	guitarist
occupation	Avalon-Chanel Weyzig (born April 2, 1990) is a model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Nederland 2009 and represented her country in the 2009 Miss Universe and Miss World pageants.	Avalon-Chanel Weyzig	model
occupation	Shamsher M. Chowdhury, BB is a Bangladeshi diplomat and served as the Foreign Secretary of MInistry of Foreign Affairs from October 2001 to March 2005.	Shamsher M. Chowdhury	diplomat
occupation	Janick Gers began his career as the lead guitarist of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal band White Spirit, before joining Gillan, a group formed by then-former Deep Purple vocalist Ian Gillan.	Janick Gers	guitarist
occupation	Jack Tempchin is an American musician and singer-songwriter, best known for writing the Eagles classic ``Peaceful Easy Feeling'' and co-writing their hits ``Already Gone'', ``The Girl From Yesterday'', ``Somebody'', and ``It's Your World Now''.	Jack Tempchin	songwriter
occupation	Cora Taylor Casselman (October 18, 1888 -- September 6, 1964) was a Canadian federal politician.	Cora Taylor Casselman	politician
occupation	Sonny Boy Jaro (born March 24, 1982) is a Filipino professional boxer and is a former Ring Magazine and WBC unified Flyweight World Champion.	Sonny Boy Jaro	boxer
occupation	Royston Lightning is an Australian rugby league player who was a former winger for the Canberra Raiders from 1996 to 1998.	Royston Lightning	rugby league player
occupation	Kemal Karpat is a Turkish historian and former professor at the University of Wisconsin--	Kemal Karpat	historian
occupation	Paulina Nin de Cardona Muñoz (born August 2, 1960) is a Chilean primary school teacher and television presenter.	Paulina Nin de Cardona	teacher	television presenter
occupation	Harry B. Mulliken was an early twentieth-century American architect and developer who built many of his works in New York City, NY.	Harry B. Mulliken	architect
occupation	Nicholas Field was a British actor of the 1970s and early 1980s.	Nicholas Field	actor
occupation	Carl Weintraub (born March 27, 1946) is an American actor who appeared on numerous television shows from the 1970s to the 2000s in addition to several movies.	Carl Weintraub	actor
occupation	Jake Burbage, (born in Willingboro, New Jersey on September 27, 1992) is an American actor who is best known for his role on Grounded for Life as Henry Finnerty.	Jake Burbage	actor
occupation	Marcus de Bye sometimes spelt de Bie or de Bije (1638/39, The Hague - after 1688) was a Dutch painter and engraver.	Marcus de Bye	painter
occupation	Dr. Abdi Mohamed Ulusso (born July 1, 1958, Mogadishu) is a Somali politician who ran for the Somali presidency in 2003.	Abdi Mohamed Ulusso	politician
occupation	Ralph Kirkpatrick (/kɜːrkˈpætrɪk/; June 10, 1911 -- April 13, 1984) was an American musician, musicologist and harpsichordist.	Ralph Kirkpatrick	musician	musicologist	harpsichordist
occupation	Theodore Levin (February 18, 1897 -- December 31, 1970) was a prominent immigration lawyer and United States federal judge who served on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan from 1946 until his death in 1970.	Theodore Levin	lawyer	judge
occupation	Christopher Cundy is a critically acclaimed British free jazz musician, both solo and with The Guillemots.	Christopher Cundy	jazz musician
occupation	Bryan Webb (born 1977), sometimes credited as Bry Webb, is a Canadian singer and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist for the indie rock band Constantines.	Bryan Webb	singer
occupation	Giday WoldeGabriel is an Ethiopian geologist at Los Alamos National Laboratory, who co-discovered human skeletal remains at Herto Bouri, Ethiopia that revealed a transition into modern humans (Homo sapiens sapiens).	Giday WoldeGabriel	geologist
occupation	Angel Grant (born November 24, ??) is an R&B singer who is considered an R&B one hit wonder in the United states.	Angel Grant	singer
occupation	Thomas Marvin Hatley (April 3, 1905 -- August 23, 1986), professionally known simply as Marvin Hatley, was an American film composer and musical director, best known for his work for the Hal Roach studio from 1929 until 1940.	Marvin Hatley	composer
occupation	Graham Spry, CC (February 20, 1900 - November 24, 1983) was a Canadian broadcasting pioneer, business executive, diplomat and socialist.	Graham Spry	diplomat
occupation	João Carreira is a Portuguese engineer, academic, technology entrepreneur and business leader who has co-founded Critical Software in Portugal and has grown it into a global group of technology companies.	João Carreira	engineer
occupation	Luísa Hanae Matsushita (born February 25, 1984), known by her stage name Lovefoxxx, is the lead singer of the Brazilian indie band Cansei de Ser Sexy (CSS).	Lovefoxxx	singer
occupation	Rose Byrne was in a relationship with Australian writer, director and actor Brendan Cowell for over six years.	Rose Byrne	actor
occupation	Bonginkosi Madikizela is South African politician.	Bonginkosi Madikizela	politician
occupation	Thomas Sydney Smith was an Indian lawyer who served as the Advocate General of Madras Presidency (now known as Tamil Nadu, India) from 1861 to 1863.	Thomas Sydney Smith	lawyer
occupation	Clifford Ross (born October 15, 1952) is an American artist who has worked in multiple media, including sculpture, painting, photography and video.	Clifford Ross	artist
occupation	Jan Fantl (born June 11, 1954 in Prague) is a German film producer	Jan Fantl	film producer
occupation	Bart Preneel (born October 15, 1963) is a Flemish cryptographer and cryptanalyst.	Bart Preneel	cryptographer
occupation	Carlton C. Qualey (December 17, 1904 -- March 25, 1988) was an American professor, author and historian.	Carlton C. Qualey	historian
occupation	Chitra Bahadur Gurung (Nepali: चित्रबहादुर गुरुङ) (May 21, 1970 -- November 22, 2010) was a Nepalese former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Chitra Bahadur Gurung	swimmer
occupation	Ivan Mackerle (March 1942 -- January 3, 2013) was a Czech cryptozoologist, author, design engineer, and explorer.	Ivan Mackerle	engineer	explorer
occupation	Rambod Javan (Persian: رامبد جوان‎‎, was born on 21 December, 1971 in Tehran of Azeris parents) is an Iranian theater and cinema actor.	Rambod Javan	actor
occupation	Deepak Bahry is a Bollywood film director and producer active since the mid-1970s.	Deepak Bahry	film director
occupation	Laurinda Hope Spear, FAIA, ASLA, LEED AP (born 1950) is an American architect and landscape architect based in Miami, Florida.	Laurinda Hope Spear	architect
occupation	Nicholas Senn (October 31, 1844 -- January 2, 1908) was an American surgeon, instructor, and founder of the Association of Military Surgeons of the United States.	Nicholas Senn	surgeon
occupation	Musaeus of Athens (Greek: Μουσαῖος, Mousaios) was a legendary polymath, philosopher, historian, prophet, seer, priest, poet, and musician, said to have been the founder of priestly poetry in Attica.	Musaeus of Athens	poet	musician
occupation	Paul Balthazar Getty (/bælˈθeɪzər ˈɡɛti/; born January 22, 1975) is an American actor, member of the band Ringside, the producer-half of rap duo The Wow, and a member of the Getty family.	Balthazar Getty	actor
occupation	Peggi Blu (Blue) (born May 26) is an American actress, singer and vocal coach.	Peggi Blu	singer	vocal coach
occupation	Josh Bootsma (born 22 February 1993) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with Peel Thunder in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Josh Bootsma	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Carl A. Trocki is an Australian historian, an expert in Southeast Asia and China.	Carl A. Trocki	historian
occupation	Sylvia Mason-James (born December 8, 1958) is a British singer who has worked extensively as a backing vocalist and solo artist.	Sylvia Mason-James	singer
occupation	Gabriele Capellini was an Italian painter of the Renaissance.	Gabriele Capellini	painter
occupation	Jill Heinerth is a Canadian cave diver, underwater explorer, writer, photographer and film-maker.	Jill Heinerth	writer	photographer
occupation	Elisabetta Benato-Beltrami (1813 - 1888) was a 19th-century Italian painter and sculptor.	Elisabetta Benato-Beltrami	painter
occupation	Franklin Barlow Sexton (April 29, 1828 -- May 15, 1900) was a politician from Texas who served in the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War.	Franklin Barlow Sexton	politician
occupation	Corey Small (born March 23, 1987 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a Canadian lacrosse player who plays for the Vancouver Stealth of the National Lacrosse League and formerly the Hamilton Nationals in Major League Lacrosse.	Corey Small	lacrosse player
occupation	Carole Shammas (born October 21, 1943) is an American historian, academic and author.	Carole Shammas	historian
occupation	Yuri Rasovsky (July 29, 1944 -- January 18, 2012) was an award-winning writer and producer working in the field of radio drama in the United States.	Yuri Rasovsky	writer
occupation	Wiesław Rosocha (Born 1945 in Sokołów Podlaski, Poland) is a Polish illustrator and graphic designer.	Wiesław Rosocha	graphic designer
occupation	Selman Akbulut (born 1949) is a Turkish mathematician and a Professor at Michigan State University.	Selman Akbulut	mathematician
occupation	Timothy Montler is an American academic and linguist.	Timothy Montler	linguist
occupation	John Carrafa is an American theater and film director/choreographer best known as the two-time Tony Award nominated choreographer of the Broadway musicals Urinetown and Into The Woods and the Media Choreography Honors Award winner for the Robert Zemeckis film The Polar Express.	John Carrafa	choreographer
occupation	Domingos Leite Pereira (Portuguese: (duˈmĩɡuʃ ˈlɐjt(ɨ) pɨˈɾɐjɾɐ); 1882--1956) was a Portuguese politician of the Portuguese First Republic.	Domingos Leite Pereira	politician
occupation	Tamara Lindeman (born November 2, 1984), also known by the name Tamara Hope, is a Canadian actress and musician.	Tamara Hope	musician
occupation	Florence Ryerson (September 20, 1892 -- June 8, 1965) was a playwright, screenwriter, and co-author of the script for the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz.	Florence Ryerson	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	Thewarathantrige Lalithamana Fernando (born December 27, 1962) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in one ODI in 1989.	Lalithamana Fernando	cricketer
occupation	Eddie Castrodad is an American film, television and stage actor best known for such films and television series as Torch Song Trilogy, The Cosby Show, Flanagan, Sesame Street and Dads.	Eddie Castrodad	actor
occupation	Phoebe Carrai (born in Boston on October 15, 1955) is an American cellist.	Phoebe Carrai	cellist
occupation	Herbert Huntington (July 27, 1799 -- September 13, 1851) was a farmer, merchant and politician in Nova Scotia.	Herbert Huntington	politician
occupation	Count Luka Sorkočević, (Italian: Luca Sorgo; January 13, 1734 -- September 11, 1789) was a Croatian composer from the Republic of Ragusa.	Luka Sorkočević	composer
occupation	Adam Gardiner is a New Zealand actor/voice actor most notable for his roles in Power Rangers.	Adam Gardiner	voice actor
occupation	Jacky Dreksler (born Jacob Joseph Dreksler; March 1, 1946) is a German television producer, writer, songwriter and publisher.	Jacky Dreksler	publisher
occupation	William R. Robinson (Born November 30, 1958) is an American journalist and businessman.	William R. Robinson	journalist
occupation	Ruben John Efford, PC (born January 6, 1944 in Port de Grave, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a former Canadian politician.	John Efford	politician
occupation	Alan Whiting is a British screenwriter who has written for Heartbeat, Wire in the Blood, Steel River Blues and Kingdom (which he also co-created).	Alan Whiting	screenwriter
occupation	Robert Fischell (born 1929) is a physicist, inventor, and holder of more than 200 U.S. and foreign medical patents.	Robert Fischell	physicist	inventor
occupation	Anna-Liisa Hirviluoto ( February 16, 1929 Helsinki - April 23, 2000 ) was a Finnish archaeologist.	Anna-Liisa Hirviluoto	archaeologist
occupation	Otar Chiladze who became a Georgian classic author during his lifetime was awarded some Highest State Prizes of Georgia and in 1998 was nominated for the Nobel Prize along with five other writers.	Otar Chiladze	author
occupation	Marcus Sieger (October 7, 1975) is a German wheelchair curler.	Marcus Sieger	curler
occupation	Yvan Lambatan is a singer from Baguio City and former scholar of Pinoy Dream Academy.	Yvan Lambatan	singer
occupation	Brian Knighton (April 21, 1971 -- February 4, 2016), better known by the ring name Axl Rotten, was an American professional wrestler.	Axl Rotten	professional wrestler
occupation	Maeve Berry is an Irish freelance photographer who works as both a commercial and fine art photographer and was represented in London by Diemar/Noble Photography.	Maeve Berry	photographer
occupation	Ann Wild OBE is retired a British wheelchair basketball player.	Ann Wild	basketball player
occupation	Gilles Bousquet, better known by his stage name Mr. Flash, is a French record producer and DJ signed to Ed Banger Records.	Mr. Flash	record producer
occupation	Albert Bauer (born June 6, 1928) is a former politician in the American state of Washington.	Albert Bauer	politician
occupation	Peter von Gunten (born 1941) is a Swiss film director, cinematographer and screenwriter.	Peter von Gunten	film director
occupation	Steve Strongman is an award-winning Canadian blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Steve Strongman	songwriter
occupation	Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński (born July 29, 1951) is a Polish-American applied mathematician, noted for his contributions to mathematical optimization, in particular, stochastic programming and risk-averse optimization.	Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński	mathematician
occupation	Henry Sun (Chinese: 孫以瀚; pinyin: Sūn Yǐhàn) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Henry Sun	politician
occupation	María del Mar Saura (born October 16, 1975), commonly known as Mar Saura, is a Spanish Actress, model and TV presenter.	Mar Saura	model	presenter
occupation	Arthur Eichengrün (August 13, 1867 -- December 23, 1949) was a German Jewish chemist, materialists scientist, and inventor, best known through a controversy about who invented aspirin.	Arthur Eichengrün	chemist
occupation	Wu Mochou, also known by her English name Momo Wu (born April 18, 1992) is a Chinese singer.	Wu Mochou	singer
occupation	Walé Adeyemi MBE is a British-Nigerian fashion designer.	Walé Adeyemi	fashion designer
occupation	Richard Thomas Lowe (1802--1874) was a British scientist, a botanist, ichthyologist, malacologist, and a clergyman.	Richard Thomas Lowe	botanist	ichthyologist
occupation	Aníbal Ibarra (born March 1, 1958) is an Argentine lawyer and politician who served as mayor of Buenos Aires from 2000 to 2006.	Aníbal Ibarra	lawyer	politician
occupation	Scott Fredericks is an Irish actor best known for his roles on British television.	Scott Fredericks	actor
occupation	Sarma Sedleniece is also a very good correspondence chess player and won the first Latvian correspondence chess championship for women in 1969--1970.	Sarma Sedleniece	chess player
occupation	Stuart Robson (March 4, 1836 -- April 29, 1903) was a famous comedic stage actor.	Stuart Robson	actor
occupation	Billy Dee Smith (born June 30, 1982 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a professional lacrosse player who plays for the Buffalo Bandits of the National Lacrosse League and formerly of the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse.	Billy Dee Smith	lacrosse player
occupation	Joseph Nāwahī (January 13, 1842 - September 14, 1896) also known as Joseph Kahoʻoluhi Nāwahī and as Joseph Kahoʻoluhi Nāwahīokalaniʻōpuʻu was a native Hawaiian legislator, lawyer, newspaper publisher, and painter.	Joseph Nāwahī	lawyer	painter
occupation	Rob Sheridan (born October 11, 1979) is an American graphic designer, director, and photographer best known for his extensive work with the band Nine Inch Nails.	Rob Sheridan	graphic designer	photographer
occupation	Anne Karoline Frogner (born February 3, 1961) is a Norwegian filmmaker, photographer, writer and lecturer.	Karoline Frogner	photographer
occupation	Jack Huczek (born January 13, 1983) is a retired American professional racquetball player.	Jack Huczek	racquetball player
occupation	Ashley Gunstock is a British actor, political activist, schoolteacher and FA Coach.	Ashley Gunstock	actor
occupation	Scott Thompson (born February 25, 1965), known by the stage name Carrot Top, is an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, producer, writer, and singer, best known for his bright red hair, prop comedy, and self-deprecating humor.	Carrot Top	stand-up comedian	actor	singer
occupation	Ippolita Rostagno (born December 10, 1963) is a New York City based fashion fine jewelry designer.	Ippolita Rostagno	jewelry designer
occupation	Lori Elberg, sometimes credited as Lori Grossman, (b. May 9, 1975) is an American film director/editor and writer.	Lori Elberg	film director
occupation	Sam Earle is a Canadian actor, best known for his role as K.C. Guthrie, an ensemble character on Degrassi:	Sam Earle	actor
occupation	Meir Banai (Hebrew: מֵאִיר בַּנַאי; born July 5, 1961) is a well known and respected Israeli musician, singer, and songwriter, who has been called a ``veteran star'' and ``one of the perennial big guns of Israeli music''.	Meir Banai	singer
occupation	Dave Malloy (born January 4, 1976) is an American composer, primarily known for his award winning electropop opera, Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812.	Dave Malloy	composer
occupation	Paulo Bernardo Silva (São Paulo, March 10, 1952) is a Brazilian politician who is a member of the Partido dos Trabalhadores (PT).	Paulo Bernardo	politician
occupation	Kapllan Murat (born Italy, May 25, 1962) is a Belgian criminal of Albanian descent.	Kapllan Murat	criminal
occupation	Dumitru Zastoico (born April 27, 1979) is a Moldovan former swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Dumitru Zastoico	swimmer
occupation	Daniel Sousa is an American short film director.	Daniel Sousa	film director
occupation	Douglas Urbanski (born February 17, 1957) is an American film producer, theater impresario, raconteur, and occasional film actor and talk show host.	Douglas Urbanski	film producer
occupation	Herman Ehrlich (1836 -- 1895) was a Croatian architect and businessman.	Herman Ehrlich	architect
occupation	Justin Craig is a production designer, set decorator, art director and actor.	Justin Craig	art director
occupation	Mustapha Karkouti is a Syrian-born freelance journalist and media consultant, residing in London since the early 1970s.	Mustapha Karkouti	journalist
occupation	Per Lindstrand (born September 8, 1948) is a Swedish aeronautical engineer, pilot, adventurer and entrepreneur.	Per Lindstrand	engineer
occupation	Otis Grant (born December 23, 1967) is a Canadian retired boxer.	Otis Grant	boxer
occupation	Justin Grant (born April 20, 1972 in Salt Lake City, UT) is an American photographer who specializes in commercial, glamour, fashion, lifestyle, fitness and nude photography.	Justin Grant	photographer
occupation	Dayna Devon (born March 20, 1970) is an American journalist, was the co-anchor, with Mark McGrath, of the television show Extra before Mario Lopez took over in 2008.	Dayna Devon	journalist
occupation	Carlos Evaristo is a Portuguese Canadian historian and author.	Carlos Evaristo	historian
occupation	Parmenio Adams (September 9, 1776 -- February 19, 1832) was a businessman and politician from New York.	Parmenio Adams	politician
occupation	Luis Eduardo Luna, anthropologist and noted ayahuasca researcher.	Luis Eduardo Luna	anthropologist
occupation	Ben Laurie is a software engineer, protocol designer and cryptographer.	Ben Laurie	software engineer
occupation	Shoba Purushothaman is a Malaysian-born entrepreneur who has co-founded three companies.	Shoba Purushothaman	entrepreneur
occupation	William Lloyd Garrison (December 12, 1805 -- May 24, 1879) was a prominent American abolitionist, journalist, suffragist, and social reformer.	William Lloyd Garrison	journalist	social reformer
occupation	George Beban (December 13, 1873 -- October 5, 1928) was an American actor, director, writer and producer.	George Beban	actor
occupation	Valerio Profondavalle, or Valerio Diependale, (born 1533 -circa 1600) was a Flemish historical painter of the Renaissance period, born in Leuven, but active in Italy.	Valerio Profondavalle	painter
occupation	Charlotte Grimshaw is a New Zealand novelist who lives in Auckland.	Charlotte Grimshaw	novelist
occupation	Thom Ross is an artist based in Santa Fe, NM, known for painting, book illustrations, and installation art featuring life-sized cutout figures depicting famous people and historical events.	Thom Ross	artist
occupation	Emma Burstall is an English author and journalist.	Emma Burstall	journalist
occupation	Neill Calabro (born September 24, 1960) is an American writer, film director, actor, and musician.	Neill Calabro	film director
occupation	Amos Tom Wargo (born September 16, 1942) is an American professional golfer, best known for winning the 1993 PGA Seniors' Championship--one of the major championships on the men's Senior PGA Tour.	Tom Wargo	golfer
occupation	Paves or Pavese was a Lombard troubadour of the first half of the 13th century, only a single cobla of whose work survives.	Paves	troubadour
occupation	Jean-François Chevrier is an art historian, art critic and exhibition curator.	Jean-François Chevrier	art historian
occupation	Mushond Lee (born December 16, 1970) is an American actor recognized from his recurring role as Jo-Jo Muhammad in NBC's soap opera Sunset Beach.	Mushond Lee	actor
occupation	Joseph Trumbull Stickney (June 20, 1874 -- October 11, 1904) was an American classical scholar and poet.	Trumbull Stickney	poet
occupation	James Buster Clarkson (March 13, 1915 -- January 18, 1989), better known as Buster or Bus Clarkson, was a baseball player who played briefly in the major leagues and had a long career in the Negro leagues, the minor leagues, and the Puerto Rican Professional Baseball League.	Buster Clarkson	baseball player
occupation	Debbie Nathan (born 1950) is an American feminist journalist and writer, with a focus on cultural and criminal justice issues concerning abuse of children, particularly accusations of satanic ritual abuse in schools and childcare institutions.	Debbie Nathan	journalist
occupation	Letha Weapons (born July 5, 1972) is an adult model and former porn actress who appeared in many adult films in the big-bust category.	Letha Weapons	model
occupation	Joseph A. Bracken, S.J. is an American philosopher and Catholic theologian.	Joseph A. Bracken	philosopher
occupation	Daniel Alcaíno Cuevas (Spanish pronunciation: (daˈnjel alkaˈino ˈkwe.βas), born April 6, 1972) is a Chilean actor and comedian.	Daniel Alcaíno	comedian
occupation	Kôzô Nakamura / Kouzou Nakamura (not to be confused with the other Konami composer Keizo Nakamura) is a video game composer, who created music for most of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles games between 1989-1994.	Kôzô Nakamura	composer
occupation	Rafique Alam (1929--2011), popularly known as Alam Saheb, was an Indian politician who had been active in politics for six decades.	Rafique Alam	politician
occupation	His son, also named Peter Paillou (1757--1831), was a painter of portraits including miniatures.	Peter Paillou	painter
occupation	Brandon Wardell (born March 25, 1975 in High Point, North Carolina) is an American actor, producer, musician.	Brandon Wardell	actor
occupation	Nixon Kiprotich Korir is a Kenyan politician, and the Secretary Youth Affairs under the executive office of the President.	Nixon Kiprotich Korir	politician
occupation	Andrew J. McDonald (born March 11, 1966) is an American judge and former politician from Connecticut.	Andrew J. McDonald	politician
occupation	Major-General Thomas Hardwicke (1756 -- 3 March 1835) was an English soldier and naturalist who was resident in India from 1777 to 1823.	Thomas Hardwicke	naturalist
occupation	Stefan Valdobrev (Bulgarian: Стефан Вълдобрев) (born May 20, 1970) is a Bulgarian actor, film/theatre composer, singer-songwriter and filmmaker.	Stefan Valdobrev	actor	composer	singer
occupation	Galal al-Morra is an Egyptian Islamist politician, secretary-general of the Salafi Al-Nour Party.	Galal al-Morra	politician
occupation	Flavius Avitus Marinianus (fl. 423--448) was a politician of the Western Roman Empire during the reign of Honorius.	Avitus Marinianus	politician
occupation	Franzobel is the pseudonym of the Austrian writer Stefan Griebl.	Franzobel	writer
occupation	Robert McGill Loughridge (December 24, 1809 -- July 8, 1900) was an American Presbyterian missionary who served among the Creek Indians in Indian Territory.	Robert McGill Loughridge	missionary
occupation	Ruslan Naurzaliev (Uzbek: Руслан Наурзалиев; born December 21, 1984 in Shirin) is an Uzbekistani rower.	Ruslan Naurzaliev	rower
occupation	Asad Afridi (Urdu: اسد آفریدی‎), was a Pakistani cricketer who played for Sukkur.	Asad Afridi	cricketer
occupation	Thomas Bragg (November 9, 1810 -- January 21, 1872) was a politician and lawyer who served as the 34th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1855 through 1859.	Thomas Bragg	politician	lawyer
occupation	Brooks Hansen is an American novelist, screenwriter, and illustrator best known for his 1995 book The Chess Garden.	Brooks Hansen	novelist
occupation	Giorgi Tskitishvili (born in Tbilisi, Georgia on June 6, 1988) is a Dutch rugby union player for French club Lille Metropole Rugby in the Fédérale 1 (French 3rd Division) competition.	Giorgi Tskitishvili	rugby union player
occupation	Douglas D. Scott is an American archaeologist most notable for his work at the Little Bighorn in the mid-1980s.	Douglas D. Scott	archaeologist
occupation	Ira Silverberg is an influential literary agent and editor in the New York publishing business.	Ira Silverberg	editor
occupation	Teodor Narbutt (8 November 1784 in the village of Szawry near Hrodna -- 27 November 1864 in Vilna) was a Polonophone writer of Lithuanian descent, Romantic historian and military engineer in service of Russian Empire.	Teodor Narbutt	historian	engineer
occupation	William Henry Willimon (born May 15, 1946) is an American theologian and bishop in the United Methodist Church, who served the North Alabama Conference.	William Henry Willimon	theologian
occupation	Hesiod (/ˈhiːsiəd/ or /ˈhɛsiəd/; Greek: Ἡσίοδος Hēsíodos) was a Greek poet generally thought by scholars to have been active between 750 and 650 BC, around the same time as Homer.	Hesiod	poet
occupation	Jones Very (August 28, 1813 -- May 8, 1880) was an American poet, essayist, clergyman, and mystic associated with the American Transcendentalism movement.	Jones Very	poet
occupation	Eric Cheng (born 1975) is a Taiwanese American entrepreneur and professional photographer specializing in aerial and underwater photography.	Eric Cheng	photographer
occupation	Billy Hahn (born June 22, 1953) is an American basketball coach who is currently an assistant coach for the West Virginia Mountaineers under head coach Bob Huggins.	Billy Hahn	basketball coach
occupation	Jesse D. Goins is an American film and television character actor.	Jesse D. Goins	actor
occupation	Stephen A. Miles is an author and consultant to CEOs and corporate boards of directors.	Stephen A. Miles	author	consultant
occupation	Masanari Nihei (二瓶正也 Nihei Masanari) is a Japanese actor.	Masanari Nihei	actor
occupation	Blake Neely (born April 28, 1969) is an American composer, arranger, orchestrator, conductor, and author.	Blake Neely	composer
occupation	Emasi Qovu is a former Fijian politician, served in the House of Representatives from 2001 to 2006.	Emasi Qovu	politician
occupation	China Anne McClain (born August 25, 1998) is an American singer-songwriter, actress, and dancer.	China Anne McClain	singer-songwriter
occupation	James J. Dwyer is an American politician who represents the 30th Middlesex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.	James J. Dwyer	politician
occupation	Country singer Travis Tritt, in the song ``Put Some Drive in Your Country'' on his debut album, sings ``Now I still love old country/I ain't tryin' to put it down/But damn I miss Duane Allman/I wish he was still around.''	Duane Allman	singer
occupation	Chloe Nørgaard is an American model, DJ and socialite.	Chloe Nørgaard	model
occupation	Matthew Vassar (April 29, 1792 -- June 23, 1868) was an English-born American brewer, merchant and philanthropist.	Matthew Vassar	merchant
occupation	Jeannine Haffner is a singer and songwriter who is credited with writing the song Yes We Can, which is a folk rock song inspired by Barack Obama's speech following his win in the North Carolina primary on May 6, 2008.	Jeannine Haffner	songwriter
occupation	Laurette Luez (born Loretta Mary Luiz; August 19, 1928 -- September 12, 1999) was a supporting actress and successful commercial model who appeared in films and on television during a 20-year career.	Laurette Luez	model
occupation	Peter Fatomilola (born January 16, 1946) is a Nigerian dramatist, film actor, poet and prolific playwright.	Peter Fatomilola	poet	playwright
occupation	Anne Legault (born July 7, 1958) is a Quebec actor, writer and educator.	Anne Legault	actor	writer
occupation	Aaron Zigman (born January 6, 1963) is an American composer, producer, arranger, songwriter, and musician for several recent films.	Aaron Zigman	composer	songwriter
occupation	Nikos Ganos (Greek: Νίκος Γκάνος; born 22 July 1983), also known as Nicko, is a Greek singer and model.	Nikos Ganos	singer
occupation	Pavol Hell is a Canadian mathematician and computer scientist, born in Czechoslovakia.	Pavol Hell	mathematician	computer scientist
occupation	Daniel Guilet (January 10, 1899 -- October 14, 1990) was a French, and later, American, classical violinist, best known for being the founder of the Beaux Arts Trio.	Daniel Guilet	violinist
occupation	Beginning in 1950, Good & Plenty candy began an advertising campaign featuring a cartoon character named ``Choo-Choo Charlie,'' a child railroad engineer who appeared in ads featuring a jingle based on ``The Ballad of Casey Jones''.	Casey Jones	railroad engineer
occupation	Thomas Carroll ``Tom'' Neal, Jr. (January 28, 1914 -- August 7, 1972), known professionally as Tom Neal, was an American actor and boxer best known for appearing in the critically lauded film Detour and Club Havana, having a tryst with Barbara Payton and later committing manslaughter.	Tom Neal	actor
occupation	Oswald von Nell-Breuning SJ (March 8, 1890 -- August 21, 1991) was a Roman Catholic theologian and sociologist.	Oswald von Nell-Breuning	sociologist
occupation	Ojetta Rogeriee Thompson (born August 8, 1951) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit and a former Rhode Island Superior Court justice.	Ojetta Rogeriee Thompson	judge
occupation	Thomas Franklin Brigance (February 4, 1913 -- October 14, 1990), professionally known as Tom Brigance, was a Texan-born New York-based fashion designer noted for his work in sportswear in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.	Tom Brigance	fashion designer
occupation	Roy Horan III (born January 1, 1950), is an American actor and martial artist.	Roy Horan	actor
occupation	Vrangsinn (Birthname Daniel Salte) is a Norwegian musician, best known as the bassist of Carpathian Forest (1999--present).	Vrangsinn	musician
occupation	Jonathan Budine is an American film director, producer, designer and editor.	Jonathan Budine	film director
occupation	Huang Xiaohui born on 1 July 1997 is a Chinese diver.	Huang Xiaohui	diver
occupation	Rob Moroso (September 26, 1968 - September 30, 1990) was a NASCAR racing driver who was champion of the NASCAR Busch Series (now Xfinity Series) in 1989, and was posthumously awarded the 1990 NASCAR Winston Cup (now Sprint Cup Series) Rookie of the Year award.	Rob Moroso	racing driver
occupation	Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy, also known and credited as S. D. Saba, and Saba Kailash, is an Indian film director, mainly working in the Tamil film industry.	Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy	film director
occupation	Steve Duquette is an American cartoonist who has worked on several advertising campaigns.	Steve Duquette	cartoonist
occupation	Lily Frost, born Lindsey Frost Davis, is a Canadian independent singer-songwriter from Toronto, Ontario.	Lily Frost	singer
occupation	Jacques Deschamps (born 1697, Caux; died 1759, Dangu, Eure) was a French 18th-century academic, theologian and priest.	Jacques Deschamps	priest
occupation	Dean Parata is an Australian Italian rugby league player who represented Italy in the 2013 World Cup.	Dean Parata	rugby league player
occupation	John F. Martin, Jr. was an American diplomat who served as Ambassador to Costa Rica from 1920-1921.	John F. Martin, Jr.	diplomat
occupation	Daniel Senet (born June 26, 1953) is a French weightlifter and Olympic medalist.	Daniel Senet	weightlifter
occupation	Zhou Lei (Chinese: 周雷) is a former world level badminton player from China who later coached in the United States.	Zhou Lei	badminton player
occupation	Tamasin Ramsay (born 1967 ?) is an Australian actress and anthropologist, having received her PhD from Monash University in 2009.	Tamasin Ramsay	anthropologist
occupation	Mark Warkentin (born November 14, 1979) is an American open water swimmer and swimming coach.	Mark Warkentin	swimmer
occupation	George Nagy (born July 9, 1957) is a Canadian former competition swimmer who specialized in the butterfly events during the 1970s and early 1980s.	George Nagy	swimmer
occupation	Jeff Sarau is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League and West Torrens Football Club in the South Australian National Football League as a ruckman.	Jeff Sarau	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Ryan Gambin (born May 23, 1985) is an Australian swimmer of Maltese origin, who specialized in the butterfly events.	Ryan Gambin	swimmer
occupation	Ernest Laszlo, A.S.C. (April 23, 1898 -- January 6, 1984) was a Hungarian-American cinematographer for over 60 films, and was known for his frequent collaborations with directors Robert Aldrich and Stanley Kramer.	Ernest Laszlo	cinematographer
occupation	Tiv Ol was a Cambodian teacher and communist politician.	Tiv Ol	politician
occupation	Tamal Bandyopadhyay is an Indian business journalist, known for his weekly column on banking and finance Banker's Trust published in Mint, an Indian business daily brought out by HT Media Ltd in content sharing agreement with The Wall Street Journal of US.	Tamal Bandyopadhyay	journalist
occupation	Roger Bowen (May 25, 1932 -- February 16, 1996) was an American comedic actor and novelist, known for his portrayal of Lt. Col. Henry Blake in the 1970 film M*A*S*H. He often portrayed stuffy defenders of the upper class and had regular roles on a number of television series.	Roger Bowen	actor	novelist
occupation	Robert Wolfe (March 2, 1921 -- December 10, 2014) was a World War II U.S. Army officer, historian, and retired senior archivist of the US National Archives.	Robert Wolfe	historian	archivist
occupation	Eddy Howard was born in Woodland, California, and after attending San Jose State College from 1931 to 1933, studied medicine at Stanford University before dropping out to become a singer of romantic ballads on Los Angeles radio.	Eddy Howard	singer
occupation	Zoran Jolevski () (born July 16, 1959) is a Macedonian diplomat and the current Minister of Defense of the Republic of Macedonia.	Zoran Jolevski	diplomat
occupation	Hugh Alexander Crawford, also referred to as H. Alexander Crawford, or H. Alex Crawford, (March 29, 1873 -- February 2, 1951) was a Michigan politician.	Hugh Alexander Crawford	politician
occupation	Billy Koh (simplified Chinese: 许环良; traditional Chinese: 許環良; pinyin: Xǔ Huánliáng) is a Singaporean songwriter, composer and music producer, best known for producing Singaporean singers, such as Kit Chan, A-Do, JJ Lin and BY2.	Billy Koh	composer
occupation	Ashis Nandy (Bengali: আশীষ নন্দী; born 1937) is an Indian political psychologist, social theorist, and critic.	Ashis Nandy	psychologist
occupation	Lamberto da Cingoli was an inquisitor in 14th century Italy.	Lamberto da Cingoli	inquisitor
occupation	Julia Harari (born 1985) is an accomplished Australian actor known for film and theatre performance.	Julia Harari	actor
occupation	Scott Cassell is an American explorer, underwater filmmaker and counter-terrorism operative.	Scott Cassell	explorer
occupation	Yossi Aharon (Hebrew: יוסי אהרון‎) is a musician and virtuoso Greek bouzouki player from Tiberias, Israel.	Yossi Aharon	musician
occupation	Adam Felber is an American political satirist, author, radio personality, actor, humorist, novelist, television writer, and comic book writer.	Adam Felber	novelist
occupation	Christopher Clavius (25 March 1538 -- 3 February 1612) was a German Jesuit mathematician and astronomer who modified the proposal of the modern Gregorian calendar after the death of its primary author, Aloysius Lilius.	Christopher Clavius	mathematician	astronomer
occupation	Emiko Shiratori (白鳥 英美子 Shiratori Emiko; born March 16, 1950) is a Japanese singer and songwriter.	Emiko Shiratori	singer and songwriter
occupation	Dave Foster is an American musician who was the third drummer for the grunge rock band Nirvana.	Dave Foster	musician
occupation	Ezra Swerdlow is an American film producer and production manager.	Ezra Swerdlow	film producer
occupation	Asher Ben-Natan (February 15, 1921 -- June 17, 2014) was an Israeli diplomat and a key figure in the country's defense and diplomacy fields.	Asher Ben-Natan	diplomat
occupation	George Ryan Ross III (born August 30, 1986) is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter most known for his work as the lead guitarist, backup vocalist and main songwriter for the band Panic! at the Disco before his departure from the band in 2009.	Ryan Ross	guitarist	singer and songwriter
occupation	Stephen R. Hudis (born May 17, 1957) is an English actor, stunt coordinator, and director.	Stephen R. Hudis	actor
occupation	Rabbi Yaakov Luban is the rabbi of Congregation Ohr Torah in Edison, New Jersey, USA.	Yaakov Luban	rabbi
occupation	Anthony John Medeski (born June 28, 1965) is an American jazz keyboards player and composer.	John Medeski	composer
occupation	Marina Verenikina (known as Marina V) is a Russian-American singer/musician.	Marina Verenikina	singer
occupation	Inge Mundt is a retired German rower who won a gold and a silver medal in the eights event at the 1966 and 1967 European Championships, respectively.	Inge Mundt	rower
occupation	Liam Halligan is a British economist, journalist and broadcaster.	Liam Halligan	economist	journalist
occupation	Shelagh Donohoe (born January 22, 1965) is an American Olympic rower.	Shelagh Donohoe	rower
occupation	Ryan Laird (born March 8, 1984) is a Canadian country music singer-songwriter.	Ryan Laird	singer
occupation	Eva Rubinstein (born 1933) is a Polish-American photographer whose artistic works present portraits, nudes and interiors, often taken in Europe as well as the United States.	Eva Rubinstein	photographer
occupation	Andrew Brookes is an English aerospace analyst, author of aviation books and aviation journalist.	Andrew Brookes	journalist
occupation	Sir Thomas Knyvet (died 1605), of Ashwellthorpe, Norfolk and Stradbroke, Suffolk, was an English politician.	Thomas Knyvet (died 1605)	politician
occupation	Yves-François Blanchet (born April 16, 1965) was a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Drummond in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election.	Yves-François Blanchet	politician
occupation	Mandi Perkins is a songwriter and lead singer of the band of Verona.	Mandi Perkins	singer
occupation	Efraim Benmelech is an economist.	Efraim Benmelech	economist
occupation	O. James Lighthizer (born March 20, 1946) is an American lawyer, politician, and the president of the Civil War Trust battlefield preservation organization.	O. James Lighthizer	politician
occupation	František Šorm (February 28, 1913 in Prague -- November 18, 1980) was a Czech chemist known for synthesis of natural compounds, mainly terpenes and biologically active components of plants.	František Šorm	chemist
occupation	Stuart Craig Lowe, better known as Craig Lowe, (born July 18, 1957) is an American politician and former Mayor of Gainesville, Florida.	Craig Lowe	politician
occupation	Geta Burlacu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈd͡ʒeta burˈlaku), born Georgeta Povorozniuc on July 22, 1974) is a Moldovan jazz singer.	Geta Burlacu	singer
occupation	Margaret Lantis (September 1, 1906 -- September 8, 2006) was an American anthropologist, Eskimologist, and author.	Margaret Lantis	anthropologist
occupation	Barhadbesciabas or Barhadbesaba (died July 20, 355) is venerated as a Christian martyr who was decapitated during the reign of Shapur II. A deacon of Arbela, in the Sassanid Empire, he was arrested by the governor of Arbela, Sapor Tamaspor, and put on the rack.	Barhadbesciabas	deacon
occupation	Scott Kalvert (August 15, 1964 -- March 5, 2014) was an American film director, known mainly for his 1995 film The Basketball Diaries, starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Wahlberg, and 2002's Deuces Wild.	Scott Kalvert	film director
occupation	Richard Saldan (born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American magician, motivational speaker, and inspirational writer.	Richard Saldan	motivational speaker
occupation	In less than two years ``virtually all the writers who had been willing to work closely with the Comintern and their publisher Willi Münzenberg would be driven out or murdered by the NKVD''.	Willi Münzenberg	publisher
occupation	Deanell Reece Tacha (born January 26, 1946) is a retired United States federal judge who served on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.	Deanell Reece Tacha	judge
occupation	Alonzo Gesner (March 2, 1842 -- March 6, 1912) was an American land surveyor, Indian agent, and politician in the state of Oregon.	Alonzo Gesner	politician
occupation	Marianne Strengell (May 24, 1909 -- May 9, 1998) was an influential Finnish-American Modernist textile designer in the twentieth century.	Marianne Strengell	textile designer
occupation	DJ Rekha (born Rekha Malhotra, 1971) is a London-born musician, DJ, producer, curator, and activist.	DJ Rekha	musician
occupation	Ladislav Zívr (May 23, 1909 -- September 4, 1980) was an important Czech sculptor of the 20th century.	Ladislav Zívr	sculptor
occupation	Gabriel J. Iglecias (born July 15, 1976), known professionally as Gabriel Iglesias and comically as Fluffy, is an American comedian, actor, writer, producer and voice actor.	Gabriel Iglesias	actor
occupation	Rodrigue Tremblay (born October 13, 1939) is a Canadian economist, humanist and political figure.	Rodrigue Tremblay	economist
occupation	The song's composer, Pete Townshend, explained that the song is about God deciding to create the universe just so he can hear some music, ``and most of all, one of his best creations, Marty Robbins.''	Marty Robbins	composer
occupation	Jorge Barraza (born 4 April 1955) is an Argentine journalist, book author, and former chief editor of Magazine Conmebol, the official publication of the South American Football Confederation (CONMEBOL).	Jorge Barraza	journalist
occupation	Lee Moyer is an American painter, illustrator, graphic designer, Web designer, poster artist and painter of comic books, games and pin-ups.	Lee Moyer	graphic designer	artist
occupation	Moacir Santos (1926--2006) was a Brazilian composer, multi-instrumentalist and music educator.	Moacir Santos	composer
occupation	Watson Heston (September 25, 1846 -- January 27, 1905) was an American Editorial cartoonist who peaked in popularity during the Golden Age of Freethought in the late 19th century.	Watson Heston	cartoonist
occupation	Georgi Kitov (Bulgarian: Георги Китов) (March 1, 1943 -- September 14, 2008) was a Bulgarian archaeologist and thracologist with controversial methods.	Georgi Kitov	archaeologist
occupation	Grace La Rue (April 23, 1882 -- March 13, 1956) was an American actress, singer, and Vaudeville headliner.	Grace La Rue	singer
occupation	Throughout his career as a painter, Froilan Calayag has participated in quite a number of collaborations and group exhibits both in the Philippines and abroad, collectively; and has since held seven solo exhibits to date.	Froilan Calayag	painter
occupation	Zoe Scofield is a choreographer, dancer and Co-Artistic Director of Seattle-based dance and visual art company, zoe	Zoe Scofield	choreographer
occupation	Asım Orhan Barut (June 6, 1926 -- December 5, 1994) was a Turkish-American theoretical physicist.	Asım Orhan Barut	physicist
occupation	Sōjin Kamiyama or just Sōjin (上山 草人; January 30, 1884 -- July 28, 1954) was a Japanese film actor.	Sōjin Kamiyama	actor
occupation	Bevan Dufty (born February 27, 1955) is an American politician and Director of HOPE (Housing Opportunity, Partnerships and Engagement) for the City and County of San Francisco.	Bevan Dufty	politician
occupation	Luh Dun-jin (Chinese: 鹿篤瑾; pinyin: Lù Dǔjǐn) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Luh Dun-jin	politician
occupation	Heinrich Kretschmayr (1870--1939) was Austrian archivist and historian who specialized in the history of Venice.	Heinrich Kretschmayr	archivist	historian
occupation	Todd Rippon (born May 30, 1964) is a film and television actor.	Todd Rippon	actor
occupation	Du Yun (traditional Chinese: 杜韻, simplified Chinese: 杜韵 born June 18, 1977 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese born international composer, multi-instrumentalist and performance artist.	Du Yun	composer
occupation	Richii (Arabic: ريتشى) (born Richard Abicair, on August 17, 1989 in Melbourne, Australia) is a singer, dancer, songwriter and music producer whose popularity can be attributed to his Arabic singing in a Western style, heavy incorporation of Western electropop elements in his music and performances.	Richii	singer
occupation	Steve Roggenbuck (born November 11, 1987) is an American poet, blogger, and YouTuber.	Steve Roggenbuck	poet
occupation	Krista Branch is an American singer whose 2010 song ``I Am America'' has been called the anthem of the Tea Party movement.	Krista Branch	singer
occupation	David Norona, (many times written as David Noroña) (born December 14, 1972) is a Cuban American actor, director who has appeared in films, notably in Though None Go with Me, in many television series, recently (The Mentalist) and many theatre works.	David Norona	actor
occupation	Malia Jones (born March 27, 1977) is an American model and surfer.	Malia Jones	model	surfer
occupation	Nikola Prsendic (born February 7, 1979, in Pozarevac, Serbia) is a contemporary artist and painter, currently based in Rome, Italy.	Nikola Prsendic	painter
occupation	Massimilian Breeder (born in Genova, June 13, 1978) is an Italian artist who works in film, drawings, sound and installation.	Massimilian Breeder	artist
occupation	John McFee (born September 9, 1950, Santa Cruz, California) is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, record producer, and multi-instrumentalist, and long-time member of The Doobie Brothers.	John McFee	singer	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Cecilia Lutwak-Mann (1900(?)-1987) was a Polish-British endocrinologist and physiologist.	Cecilia Lutwak-Mann	endocrinologist	physiologist
occupation	Gene Malin (June 30, 1908 -- August 10, 1933), also known by stage names Jean Malin and Imogene Wilson, was an American actor, emcee, and drag performer during the Jazz Age.	Gene Malin	actor
occupation	Richard Portnow (born January 26, 1947) is an American actor known for such films and television series as Good Morning, Vietnam, Barton Fink, Kindergarten Cop, Seven, Ghost Dog:	Richard Portnow	actor
occupation	Kinthup, a Lepcha man from Sikkim, was an explorer in the area of Tibet in the 1880s.	Kinthup	explorer
occupation	Leonor Fini (1907 -- 1996) was an Argentine surrealist painter, designer, illustrator, and author, known for her unapologetic depictions of powerful women.	Leonor Fini	painter	illustrator
occupation	He was ordained priest at the age of 27 on 19 April 1919, and as Rev Dr James Kalacherry, served as Lecturer in Logic at St. Berchmans College, Changanassery, Kottayam, Kerala.	James Kalacherry	priest
occupation	Thurlow Weed (November 15, 1797 -- November 22, 1882) was a New York newspaper publisher and Whig and Republican politician.	Thurlow Weed	politician
occupation	Duncan Campbell Scott (August 2, 1862 -- December 19, 1947) was a Canadian bureaucrat, poet and prose writer.	Duncan Campbell Scott	poet	writer
occupation	Jo Becker is an award-winning American journalist and author working as an investigative reporter for The New York Times.	Jo Becker	journalist
occupation	George Edgar Vincent (March 21, 1864 -- February 2, 1941) was an American sociologist and university president.	George Edgar Vincent	sociologist
occupation	Helen Wadsworth (born 7 April 1964) is a former Welsh professional golfer on the Ladies European Tour.	Helen Wadsworth	golfer
occupation	Brian Rolland (born April 16, 1954) is an American guitarist, composer and songwriter raised in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Brian Rolland	composer
occupation	Francesco Guerini (fl. 1740 -- 1770) was a Neapolitan violinist and composer whose works were published throughout Europe in the mid 18th century.	Francesco Guerini	violinist	composer
occupation	Russ Russell is a British record producer, sound engineer, mixer, mastering engineer, musician and writer.	Russ Russell	engineer
occupation	Hovhannes Davtyan (Armenian: Հովհաննես Դավթյան, born November 25, 1983 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian judoka.	Hovhannes Davtyan	judoka
occupation	John Resig is an American software engineer and entrepreneur, best known as the creator and lead developer of the jQuery JavaScript library.	John Resig	engineer
occupation	Rabai al-Madhoun (born 1945) is a Palestinian journalist, novelist and writer.	Rabai al-Madhoun	journalist
occupation	Pamela Yates is an American documentary filmmaker and human rights activist.	Pamela Yates	human rights activist
occupation	Pierre D'Auteuil (April 2, 1857 -- December 11, 1933) was a Canadian lawyer, politician and judge.	Pierre D'Auteuil	lawyer	politician
occupation	James Gilbert Baker (November 11, 1914 -- June 29, 2005) was an American astronomer and designer of optics systems.	James Gilbert Baker	astronomer
occupation	Robert Lewis Morgan (born January 5, 1952) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly for one term from 2004 to 2006, where he represented the 12th legislative district.	Robert Lewis Morgan	politician
occupation	Carlos Heller (born October 17, 1940) is an Argentine executive, cooperative banking leader, and politician.	Carlos Heller	politician
occupation	Yogendra Duraiswamy, SLOS was a Sri Lankan diplomat, who served in India, Myanmar, the United States (New York), Australia, Iraq, Italy, China and the Philippines.	Yogendra Duraiswamy	diplomat
occupation	Sara Martin (June 18, 1884 -- May 24, 1955) was an American blues singer, in her time one of the most popular of the classic blues singers.	Sara Martin	singer
occupation	Daniela Gioseffi (born 1941) is a poet, novelist, literary critic, essayist, and performer who won the American Book Award in 1990 for Women on War;	Daniela Gioseffi	novelist
occupation	Zara McFarlane is a British jazz/soul singer and songwriter, based in East London.	Zara McFarlane	singer and songwriter
occupation	Bruce E. Levine, PhD, is a clinical psychologist, often at odds with the mainstream of his profession (see critical psychology), in private practice in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Bruce E. Levine	psychologist
occupation	Ty Granderson Jones (born January 19, 1964 ) is a Creole American actor, screenwriter and producer.	Ty Granderson Jones	screenwriter
occupation	Artimus Lamont Bentley (October 25, 1973 -- January 19, 2005), better known professionally Lamont Bentley, was an American actor and rapper best known for his role as Hakeem Campbell on the UPN sitcom Moesha and the spin-off The Parkers.	Lamont Bentley	actor
occupation	Alexander Strehl (born in Nuremberg) is a computer scientist, management consultant and business school professor.	Alexander Strehl	computer scientist
occupation	Rafael García Bárcena was a Cuban philosopher who later took a leading role in the Cuban Revolution against President Fulgencio Batista.	Rafael García Bárcena	philosopher
occupation	Jon Wellner (born July 11, 1975) is an American actor, best known for his role as toxicologist Henry Andrews on CSI:	Jon Wellner	actor
occupation	Roy MacSkimming is a Canadian novelist, non-fiction writer and cultural policy consultant.	Roy MacSkimming	novelist
occupation	Frank Urso is a former American lacrosse player and current high school lacrosse coach, best known for his collegiate career at the University of Maryland from 1973 to 1976.	Frank Urso	lacrosse player
occupation	Harry Lewiston (April 2, 1900 -- June 1, 1965; legal name Israel Harry Jaffe) was an American showman, freak show director, and barker.	Harry Lewiston	showman
occupation	Abdurrahman Mahmoud Aidiid (Soltelco) (Somali: Cabdiraxman Maxmuud Caydiid, Arabic: عبد الرحمن محمود عيديد‎) is a Somali politician.	Abdurrahman Mahmoud Aidiid	politician
occupation	Jesús Marcelo de los Santos Fraga (born December 15, 1948) is a Mexican politician, member of the PAN party, and Governor of the state of San Luis Potosí (2003--2009).	Jesús Marcelo de los Santos	politician
occupation	Osunlade (/oʊsʉnˈlɑːdeɪ/; born March 13, 1969) is an American-born musician and music producer.	Osunlade	musician
occupation	Elizabeth Tilney, Countess of Surrey (before 1445 -- 4 April 1497) was an English heiress and lady-in-waiting to two queens.	Elizabeth Tilney, Countess of Surrey	lady-in-waiting
occupation	Syd Saylor (born Leo Sailor; March 24, 1895 -- December 21, 1962) was an American comedic actor and movie cowboy sidekick who appeared in 395 films and TV series between 1926 and 1962.	Syd Saylor	actor
occupation	Herb Snitzer is a photographer in the U.S. He lives in St. Petersburg, Florida and opened his own gallery in 2014.	Herb Snitzer	photographer
occupation	Fode Mamadou Toure (April 1, 1910 in Baccoro, Guinea - April 11, 1992) was a politician from Guinea who served in the French Senate from 1955-1958 .	Fode Mamadou Toure	politician
occupation	Marty Pollio (born February 22, 1955) is an American stand-up comedian and actor.	Marty Pollio	actor
occupation	Marc Rich (born Marcell David Reich; December 18, 1934 -- June 26, 2013) was an international commodities trader, hedge fund manager, financier and businessman.	Marc Rich	financier
occupation	Harvie June Van (born March 2, 1940) is country music singer.	Harvie June Van	singer
occupation	Tim Brummett (born September 1, 1952) is a singer-songwriter and guitarist from Spokane, Washington.	Tim Brummett	singer-songwriter
occupation	Vivienne Poy (born Vivienne Lee; Chinese: 利德蕙; pinyin: Lì Déhuì; Jyutping: lei6 dak1 wai6; Cantonese Yale: Ley6 Dak1-wai6on May 15, 1941) is a Canadian politician.	Vivienne Poy	politician
occupation	Lucio Fabbri (born 25 March 1954) is an Italian composer, conductor, arranger, producer and multi-instrumentalist.	Lucio Fabbri	conductor
occupation	Jay Robinson (April 14, 1930 -- September 27, 2013) was an American actor specializing in character roles.	Jay Robinson	actor
occupation	Pat Duquette (born November 4, 1970) is the head men's basketball coach at UMass Lowell.	Pat Duquette	basketball coach
occupation	Bartolf of Nangis or Bartolfus peregrinus was a French historian who died shortly before 1109.	Bartolf of Nangis	historian
occupation	Shabbir Masani is an Indian actor who played the role of Yeda in Satya and similar small and significant roles in Asoka, Company (film) and Bhoot.	Shabbir Masani	actor
occupation	Cassidy Krug (born July 12, 1985) is an American diver from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Cassidy Krug	diver
occupation	Guido di Tella (June 12, 1931 -- December 31, 2001) was an Argentine businessman, academic and diplomat who served as Minister of Foreign Relations between 1991 and 1999.	Guido di Tella	diplomat
occupation	Jabari Miles Evans, better known by his stage name Naledge, is an American rapper and one half of the hip-hop group Kidz in the Hall.	Naledge	rapper
occupation	Alfredo Baldomir Ferrari (August 27, 1884 -- February 25, 1948) was an Uruguayan soldier, architect and politician.	Alfredo Baldomir	soldier	architect	politician
occupation	Bernie Weintraub (died January 16, 2010) was an American talent agent and founding partner of the Paradigm Talent Agency in 1993.	Bernie Weintraub	talent agent
occupation	Dénes Szántó was a Hungarian economist, who served as Governor of the Hungarian National Bank after the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, from November 20, 1956 to June 30, 1960.	Dénes Szántó	economist
occupation	Radomir Petković (Serbian Cyrillic: Радомир Петковић, born November 26, 1986) is a Serbian professional wrestler and former amateur wrestler.	Radomir Petković	amateur wrestler
occupation	William Dehning (born August 13, 1942) is an American conductor, teacher, and author who spent almost his entire career in the collegiate realm.	William Dehning	conductor
occupation	Nelson Rangell (Born March 26, 1960) is an American smooth jazz musician and composer originally from Castle Rock, Colorado.	Nelson Rangell	jazz musician
occupation	Ann Fagan Ginger (born July 11, 1925) is an American lawyer, teacher, writer, and political activist.	Ann Fagan Ginger	lawyer
occupation	Cheng Kaijia (simplified Chinese: 程开甲; traditional Chinese: 程開甲; pinyin: Chéng Kāijiǎ; born August 3, 1918), also known as Cheng Kai-jia or Cheng Kai Jia, is a Chinese nuclear physicist and engineer.	Cheng Kaijia	physicist
occupation	Paul Ryan Rudd (born Paul Kenneth Rudd; May 15, 1940 -- August 12, 2010) was an American actor, director, and a professor.	Paul Ryan Rudd	actor
occupation	Lunna (born June 30, 1947), is a singer of Pop and Jazz who was the director of the television show Objetivo Fama, the Latin version of American Idol.	Lunna	singer
occupation	Babu Narayanan is an Indian film director in Malayalam movies.	Babu Narayanan	film director
occupation	Nick Berkeley is an English photographer, film maker and writer.	Nick Berkeley	photographer
occupation	Louise Bryant (December 5, 1885 -- January 6, 1936) was an American journalist known for her sympathetic coverage of Russia and the Bolsheviks during the Russian Revolution.	Louise Bryant	journalist
occupation	Astro Teller (born Eric Teller; 29 May 1970) is an entrepreneur, scientist, and author, with expertise in the field of intelligent technology.	Astro Teller	scientist
occupation	Al Hurricane, Jr. (born Alberto Nelson Sanchez, Jr. on October 30, 1959) is an American singer-songwriter, he is known as ``The Godfather's son'', a nickname which was inherited from his father Al Hurricane, who is considered ``The Godfather'' of New Mexico music.	Al Hurricane, Jr.	singer-songwriter
occupation	Bill Schorr is an American cartoonist of syndicated editorial cartoons and comic strips.	Bill Schorr	cartoonist
occupation	Dr. Adel Manna (born October 20, 1947) is a historian specializing in Palestine in the Ottoman period.	Adel Manna	historian
occupation	Peter Stampfel (born October 29, 1938 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American fiddle player, violinist and singer-songwriter.	Peter Stampfel	violinist	singer
occupation	Lyonheart, (formerly known as Senadee), is the pseudonym of singer, music producer, composer, multi-instrumentalist and songwriter Sena Verdi.	Lyonheart	composer	songwriter
occupation	M. A. Rogovin (1838- February 27, 1923) was a Russian civil engineer responsible for construction of many fortresses in Russia:	M. A. Rogovin	civil engineer
occupation	Nancy Grossman (born April 28, 1940) is an American feminist artist.	Nancy Grossman	artist
occupation	Hamish Linklater (born July 7, 1976) is an American actor, known for playing Matthew Kimble in The New Adventures of Old Christine and Andrew Keanelly in The Crazy Ones.	Hamish Linklater	actor
occupation	Dennis Condrey (born February 1, 1952) is an American retired professional wrestler, best known as being one half of the tag team Midnight Express.	Dennis Condrey	professional wrestler
occupation	Horace Bushnell (April 14, 1802 -- February 17, 1876) was an American Congregational minister and theologian.	Horace Bushnell	minister
occupation	Jerome Courtland (December 27, 1926 -- March 1, 2012) was an American actor, director and producer.	Jerome Courtland	actor
occupation	Małgorzata Łupina (born October 17, 1969 in Olsztyn) is a Polish documentary film director and cameraman.	Małgorzata Łupina	film director
occupation	Uttam Kamble (Marathi: उत्तम कांबळे) is an Indian journalist who was the Chief Editor of Sakal Media Group.	Uttam Kamble	journalist
occupation	Josie Rourke (3 September 1976) is a British theatre director and, since 2012 has been the artistic director of the Donmar Warehouse theatre in London.	Josie Rourke	theatre director
occupation	Nicholas Ludford (c. 1485 -- c. 1557) was an English composer of the Tudor period.	Nicholas Ludford	composer
occupation	Jack Warden (September 18, 1920 -- July 19, 2006) was an American character actor of film and television.	Jack Warden	character actor
occupation	Joseph-Armand Bombardier (French pronunciation: ​(ʒozɛf aʁmɑ̃ bɔ̃baʁdje); April 16, 1907 -- February 18, 1964) was a French-Canadian inventor and businessman, and was the founder of Bombardier.	Joseph-Armand Bombardier	inventor
occupation	Peggy Clydesdale (born Peggy Anne Yunker; 1974) is an American artist and painter.	Peggy Clydesdale	painter
occupation	John Paye (born March 30, 1965) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League and a high school basketball coach.	John Paye	basketball coach
occupation	Charlotte Piepenhagen-Mohr (variously rendered as Charlotte Piepenhagen, Charlotte Piepenhagen-Weyrother-Mohr, Charlote Weyrother-Mohr-Piepenhagen, and Charlotte Weyrother-Mohr Piepenhagen) (1821--1902) was a Czech painter, primarily of landscapes.	Charlotte Piepenhagen-Mohr	painter
occupation	Linda Gerard (December 24, 1938 - March 21, 2014) was a singer, stage actress and cabaret artist based in Palm Springs, California.	Linda Gerard	singer
occupation	Deolinda Rodríguez de Almeida (also, Deolinda Rodrigues Francisco de Almeida; pseudonym, Langidila; nickname, ``Mother of the Revolution''; 1939-1968) was an Angolan nationalist, heroine, militant, writer, and translator, who also taught, wrote poetry, and worked as a radio host.	Deolinda Rodríguez de Almeida	writer
occupation	Shukran Hussein Gure (Somali: Shukraan Xuseen Gurey, Arabic: صهوكران حسين جوري‎) (born 6 June 1978) is a Somali-Kenyan politician.	Shukran Hussein Gure	politician
occupation	Radney Foster (born July 20, 1959) is an American country music singer-songwriter, musician and music producer.	Radney Foster	singer-songwriter	musician
occupation	Peter Buell Porter (August 14, 1773 -- March 20, 1844) was an American lawyer, soldier and politician who served as United States Secretary of War from 1828 to 1829.	Peter Buell Porter	politician
occupation	Justin Pickett is an actor best remembered for his role in the Channel 4 situation comedy Desmond's.	Justin Pickett	actor
occupation	Bryan Isaac is a professional ballroom dancer, who teaches standard and Latin American dance in Bristol, alongside Diane Barron.	Bryan Isaac	dancer
occupation	Raina Telgemeier (born May 26, 1977) is an American cartoonist whose works include the autobiographic webcomic Smile (A Dental Drama), which was published by Scholastic Press's Graphix imprint as a full-color graphic novel in February 2010.	Raina Telgemeier	cartoonist
occupation	Registered nurse Jessie Brewer spoke the opening line of the premiere episode, ``Seventh floor, nurses station,'' a phrase that became a staple in the show's early years.	Jessie Brewer	nurse
occupation	Menasheh Idafar (born March 13, 1991 in London) is a British racing driver with dual Bahraini citizenship.	Menasheh Idafar	racing driver
occupation	Ian Finney is an English composer, guitarist, multi-instrumentalist and songwriter.	Ian Finney	composer
occupation	Donna McPhail is a British journalist, and was formerly a television presenter and stand-up comedian.	Donna McPhail	comedian
occupation	Dugald Christie (1941 - July 31, 2006) was a Canadian lawyer and political activist.	Dugald Christie	lawyer
occupation	Theo Kogan (born December 23, 1969) is an American singer, songwriter, model, and actress.	Theo Kogan	singer	model
occupation	Britt-Marie Smedh (born March 22, 1955 in Solna Municipality, Stockholm County) is a former Swedish breaststroke swimmer who represented Stockholmspolisens IF.	Britt-Marie Smedh	swimmer
occupation	Anthony Mosley, known as Tony M., is a rapper best known as a member of Prince's band, The New Power Generation.	Tony M.	rapper
occupation	Javontae Starks (born March 18, 1989) is a professional junior middleweight (154 lbs) boxer from Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Javontae Starks	boxer
occupation	William Carrington Thompson (November 6, 1915 -- June 11, 2011), known as W. Carrington Thompson, was an American jurist and politician.	William Carrington Thompson	politician
occupation	Ferdinand Kulmer (1925--1998) was a Croatian abstract painter and teacher.	Ferdinand Kulmer	painter
occupation	Mohammed Aftab Aalam (Nepali: मोहम्मद अफताब आलम Listen ) is a Nepalese politician.	Mohammed Aftab Aalam	politician
occupation	Tristan Nunez (born October 31, 1995 in Boynton Beach, Florida) is an American racing driver and resides in Boca Raton, Florida.	Tristan Nunez	racing driver
occupation	Israel Cruz is an Australian singer-songwriter and record producer.	Israel Cruz	singer
occupation	Mir Taj Muhammad Jamali was the former Balochistan chief minister and a veteran politician.	Taj Muhammad Jamali	politician
occupation	Kenneth Snelson (born June 29, 1927) is an American contemporary sculptor and photographer.	Kenneth Snelson	sculptor
occupation	Derek Mears (born April 29, 1972) is an American actor and stuntman, best known for his role as Jason Voorhees in the reboot of Friday the 13th and Hawes in Hatchet III.	Derek Mears	actor
occupation	Phoemela Baranda (born October 1, 1980) is a Filipina model, actress and was the entertainment anchor of ABS-CBN's weekday flagship news broadcast of TV Patrol.	Phoemela Baranda	model
occupation	Herbert Blöcker (January 1, 1943 -- February 15, 2014) was a German equestrian and 3-time Olympic medalist.	Herbert Blöcker	equestrian
occupation	Clara Ann Fowler (November 8, 1927 -- January 1, 2013), known by her professional name Patti Page, was an American singer of traditional pop music.	Patti Page	singer
occupation	Mabel Taylor (7 December 1879 -- date of death unknown) was an American archer.	Mabel Taylor	archer
occupation	J. C. Adams (June 6, 1970) is an American author, magazine editor and reporter whose work focuses on the gay pornographic industry, and a gay pornographic film director.	J. C. Adams	film director
occupation	Daniel Dole (1808--1878) was a Protestant missionary educator from the United States to the Hawaiian Islands.	Daniel Dole	missionary
occupation	Desmond Green (born October 11, 1989) is an American mixed martial artist who competed in the featherweight division for Bellator MMA.	Desmond Green	mixed martial artist
occupation	Artie Hall (c. 1881--1906) was an American vaudeville singer and actress, known for her blackface performances as a coon shouter.	Artie Hall	singer
occupation	Alex Frayne is an Adelaide based Australian film director whose films have received attention locally and abroad.	Alex Frayne	film director
occupation	Günter Lumer (1929--2005) was a mathematician known for his work in functional analysis.	Günter Lumer	mathematician
occupation	Ezekiel Adebiyi is a Nigerian computational biologist and research scientist.	Ezekiel Adebiyi	computational biologist
occupation	Jisshu Sengupta, popularly known as Jisshu, is an Indian actor and television presenter.	Jisshu Sengupta	actor
occupation	Liljana Kondakçi is an Albanian singer, famous for being a winner of the 18th Festivali i Këngës.	Liljana Kondakçi	singer
occupation	Stephen Endelman is a British born classical composer and conductor.	Stephen Endelman	composer	conductor
occupation	Lovely Hoffman is an American recording artist, music theatre performer, record producer, musician, and actress.	Lovely Hoffman	musician
occupation	Gary John Bassett (born June 6, 1948, in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania), known as Johnny Strike, is an American writer, mostly known as songwriter, guitarist and singer for the proto-punk band Crime based in San Francisco.	Johnny Strike	writer	singer
occupation	Johann Christoph Wendland (July 17, 1755 -- July 27, 1828) was a German botanist and gardener born in Petit-Landau, Alsace.	Johann Christoph Wendland	botanist	gardener
occupation	Sekh Sahonawez is an Indian politician with the Trinamool Congress party, who is accused of murder in three cases and of attempted murder, kidnapping and other crimes in a number of other charges.	Sekh Sahonawez	politician
occupation	Kicker Vencill is an American swimmer who won a lawsuit against a dietary supplement company for having contaminated multi-vitamins which caused him to be suspended from swimming for two years from 2003, even though they were prescribed to him by his doctor.	Kicker Vencill	swimmer
occupation	William C. Mentzer (May 27, 1907 -- December 23, 1971) was an aeronautical engineer noted for his contributions to the airline industry, dealing particularly with aircraft maintenance and economics.	William C. Mentzer	engineer
occupation	Darren Arthur Reed (born June 18, 1963), better known by his stage name Dizzy Reed, is an American keyboardist, pianist and occasional actor.	Dizzy Reed	pianist
occupation	Anilza Pinho de Carvalho, better known by her stage name Anilza Leoni, (October 10, 1933 -- August 6, 2009) was a Brazilian actress, singer, former ballerina and painter.	Anilza Leoni	singer	painter
occupation	Gerald Ian Daniel (born August 17, 1981) is a Sri Lankan cricketer who plays first class cricket for Sinhalese Sports Club.	Ian Daniel	cricketer
occupation	Benedict G. Rousselle, known as Benny Rousselle (born January 20, 1951), is a Realtor and a Democratic politician from Plaquemines Parish in Greater New Orleans, Louisiana.	Benny Rousselle	politician
occupation	Nathaniel Cooke was the designer of a set of chess figures, which is now the standard set.	Nathaniel Cook	designer
occupation	Clara Porset (1895--1981) was a Cuban-born interior designer whose education and career brought her to the United States and Europe.	Clara Porset	interior designer
occupation	Charles Scott Leonard IV is a singer with the a cappella singing group Rockapella, the former house band on the PBS children's geography game show Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego? (1991--1996).	Scott Leonard	singer
occupation	Robert Kirchhoff (born May 7, 1968) is a Slovakian independent film director, producer, cinematographer, and scriptwriter.	Robert Kirchhoff	film director
occupation	Eliso Virsaladze (Georgian: ელისო ვირსალაძე; born 1942) is a Georgian pianist.	Eliso Virsaladze	pianist
occupation	Eileen Kennedy-Moore is a Princeton, New Jersey-based clinical psychologist (lic #35SI00425400) and the author or co-author of books for parents, children, and mental health professionals.	Eileen Kennedy-Moore	psychologist
occupation	John Crowe Ransom (April 30, 1888 -- July 3, 1974) was an American educator, scholar, literary critic, poet, essayist and editor.	John Crowe Ransom	poet
occupation	Edith Rockefeller McCormick (August 31, 1872 -- August 25, 1932) was an American socialite and opera patron.	Edith Rockefeller McCormick	socialite
occupation	Arnold Marshall Rose (July 2, 1918 - January 2, 1968) was an American sociologist and politician.	Arnold Marshall Rose	sociologist
occupation	Artemis Gounaki (Greek Άρτεμις Γουνάκη; born April 7, 1967 in Munich) is a Greek-German singer, vocal coach, songwriter, composer, and arranger who has done much of her work in Greek.	Artemis Gounaki	singer	composer
occupation	Popi Maliotaki (Greek: Πόπη Μαλλιωτάκη) is a Greek pop-folk singer.	Popi Maliotaki	singer
occupation	Martin J. Blake, Irish historian, died c.1930.	Martin J. Blake	historian
occupation	Idaira Fernandez Rodriguez, better known as Idaira, which is her artistic name, is a Spanish singer.	Idaira	singer
occupation	Emanuele Papi (born August 30, 1959) is an Italian classical archaeologist.	Emanuele Papi	archaeologist
occupation	Kiara Kabukuru is an American fashion model of Ugandan descent.	Kiara Kabukuru	model
occupation	Major Peter John Cashin (March 8, 1890 -- May 21, 1977) was a businessman, soldier and politician in Newfoundland and Labrador.	Peter John Cashin	politician
occupation	Clive Arnold is a British television director, known for his work on the BBC One soap opera EastEnders.	Clive Arnold	television director
occupation	Henry Peavey (March 3, 1882 -- December 27, 1931) was the cook and valet of Hollywood silent film director William Desmond Taylor.	Henry Peavey	cook
occupation	Marie-José van der Kolk (born September 16, 1974), better known by her stage name Loona, is a Dutch singer, songwriter and dancer.	Loona	singer, songwriter
occupation	Anthony Gelsomino (born December 2, 1970) is an American actor, producer, director and writer.	Anthony Gelsomino	actor
occupation	Agha Zahid (Urdu: آغا زاہد) (born January 7, 1953 in Lahore, Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 1975.	Agha Zahid	cricketer
occupation	Pratim D. Gupta is an Indian journalist, film critic, screenwriter and film director.	Pratim D. Gupta	journalist	film director
occupation	Trent Dabbs is an American singer-songwriter who was raised in Jackson, Mississippi, but has been based in Nashville for his professional career.	Trent Dabbs	singer-songwriter
occupation	Phil Miler is a Brazilian actor and an internationally awarded voice actor.	Phil Miler	actor	voice actor
occupation	Amir Issaa also known as Amir or Meticcio (born 10 December 1978) is an Italian rapper.	Amir Issaa	rapper
occupation	Rob Epstein, also credited as Robert P. Epstein (born April 6, 1955), is an American director, producer, writer and editor.	Rob Epstein	writer
occupation	Rob Weiss is an American television and film producer, screenwriter, actor, and director.	Rob Weiss	film producer	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Eznik of Kolb (Armenian: Եզնիկ Կողբացի Yeznik Koghbatsi), was an Armenian Christian writer of the 5th century.	Eznik of Kolb	writer
occupation	Inger Lorre (born Lori Ann Wening) is an American singer who is best known for her bands The Nymphs and Motel Shootout.	Inger Lorre	singer
occupation	Luke Rathborne is a musician from Maine and currently lives in New York City.	Luke Rathborne	musician
occupation	Andrew Philpot, commonly credited as Andy Philpot and sometimes Will Barrett, is an American actor and voice actor.	Andy Philpot	actor
occupation	Carlos Felipe Morales Languasco was a Dominican priest, politician and military figure.	Carlos Felipe Morales	priest	politician
occupation	Michael Seamon (born 1960) is an American professional bridge player from Miami Beach, Florida.	Michael Seamon	bridge player
occupation	John Jefferson Carter, known as J. J. Carter (May 6, 1832 -- February 24, 1907), was a businessman and Democratic politician from Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana.	J. J. Carter	politician
occupation	Gabe Polsky (born May 3, 1979) is an American film director, writer, and producer.	Gabe Polsky	film director
occupation	Peace Pilgrim (July 18, 1908 -- July 7, 1981) born Mildred Lisette Norman, was an American non-denominational spiritual teacher, mystic, pacifist, vegetarian activist and peace activist.	Peace Pilgrim	peace activist
occupation	Paul Harlan Collins, more often known as Harlan Collins, is a composer, arranger, musician, and writer.	Harlan Collins	composer
occupation	Todd Haynes (/heɪnz/; born January 2, 1961) is an American independent film director, screenwriter, and producer.	Todd Haynes	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Eva Tanguay (August 1, 1878 -- January 11, 1947) was a Canadian singer and entertainer who billed herself as ``the girl who made vaudeville famous''.	Eva Tanguay	singer
occupation	Karim Mostafa is a Sweden-born photographer based in Beirut since 2011, working mainly with journalism and documentary photography.	Karim Mostafa	photographer
occupation	Amey Pandya is an Indian film and television child actor.	Amey Pandya	actor
occupation	Gil Cates Jr., born October 4, 1969 in New York City, is an American actor and film maker.	Gil Cates Jr.	actor
occupation	Yulia Tsibulskaya (Romanian: Iulia Ţibulschi; Moldovan Cyrillic: Юлия Цибулски; born June 15, 1933) is a Moldovan composer.	Yulia Tsibulskaya	composer
occupation	Nilesh Limaye (Marathi: नीलेश लिमये, Nilesh Limye ) is an Indian celebrity chef.	Nilesh Limaye	chef
occupation	Jeremiah Davis (June 12, 1826 -- September 22, 1910) was an American pioneer, politician, and farmer from New York.	Jeremiah Davis	politician
occupation	Craig Hultgren is an American cellist and improvisor.	Craig Hultgren	cellist
occupation	Novalyne Price Ellis (born Novalyne Price) (March 9, 1908 -- March 30, 1999) was a Texas-born schoolteacher and writer who became close friends with and occasionally dated famed pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard.	Novalyne Price Ellis	writer
occupation	Joseph Groia, is a Canadian lawyer specializing in securities litigation.	Joseph Groia	lawyer
occupation	Michael Badalucco (born December 20, 1954) is an American actor, best known for his role as lawyer Jimmy Berlutti on the ABC legal drama television series The Practice.	Michael Badalucco	actor
occupation	Jordan Raycroft is a Canadian singer-songwriter and the frontman of the Canadian band Raycroft.	Jordan Raycroft	singer
occupation	Brittney Reese (born September 9, 1986) is an American long jumper, Olympic gold medalist, and is a five-time world champion.	Brittney Reese	long jumper
occupation	Donald Stevenson (April 12, 1833 - 1908) was a cattleman and politician in North Dakota, US.	Donald Stevenson	politician
occupation	Robert Ebendorf (born September 30, 1938) is an American metalsmith and jeweler, known for craft, art and studio jewelry, often using found objects.	Robert Ebendorf	metalsmith
occupation	George Chakiris (born September 16, 1934) is an American dancer, singer and actor.	George Chakiris	actor
occupation	Kibriyo Rajabova (Tajik: Кибриё Раҷабова, Persian: کبریا رجباوا‎) is a Tajik pop singer.	Kibriyo Rajabova	singer
occupation	Jennifer Garrison (born April 2, 1962) is an American politician of the Democratic party from Marietta, Ohio.	Jennifer Garrison	politician
occupation	Brent Sexton (born August 12, 1967) is an American actor best known for his roles in the television series The Killing, Life, and Deadwood.	Brent Sexton	actor
occupation	Jacopo Godani is an Italian-born, dancer-choreographer who is currently directing the Dresden Frankfurt Dance Company	Jacopo Godani	choreographer
occupation	Ewelina Lisowska (Polish pronunciation: (ɛvɛˈlina liˈsɔfska); born August 23, 1991), is a Polish singer and songwriter.	Ewelina Lisowska	singer
occupation	Hama Amirou Ly (born December 31, 1946, in Sebba) is a Burkinabé politician and the Mayor of Sebba.	Hama Amirou Ly	politician
occupation	Nathan Bristol (March 7, 1805 Harpersfield, Delaware County, New York -- March 1, 1874 Port Jervis, Orange County, New York) was an American merchant and politician from New York.	Nathan Bristol	politician
occupation	Bob Kaufman (April 18, 1925 -- January 12, 1986), born Robert Garnell Kaufman, was an American Beat poet and surrealist inspired by jazz music.	Bob Kaufman	poet
occupation	Emin Kadi is a fashion photographer, journalist, art director and magazine publisher.	Emin Kadi	photographer
occupation	Girolamo Bartei (c. 1570 - c. 1618) was an Italian composer of sacred music in the early Baroque.	Girolamo Bartei	composer
occupation	Sean Cheesman is a Canadian dancer and choreographer, best known as a judge and choreographer for television dance competitions such as So You Think You Can Dance, So You Think You Can Dance Canada and Dirty Dancing:	Sean Cheesman	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Tadeusz Tański (March 11, 1892 -- March 23, 1941) was a Polish automobile engineer and the designer of, among others, the first Polish serially-built automobile, the CWS T-1.	Tadeusz Tański	engineer
occupation	Lourdes Portillo (born 1944) is a Mexican American screenwriter and filmmaker.	Lourdes Portillo	screenwriter
occupation	Anthony McCall (born 1946) is a British-born New York based artist known for his ``solid-light'' installations, a series that he began in 1973 with ``Line Describing a Cone,'' in which a volumetric form composed of projected light slowly evolves in three-dimensional space.	Anthony McCall	artist
occupation	Sir William Napier Shaw FRS, (March 4, 1854 - March 23, 1945), was a British meteorologist.	Napier Shaw	meteorologist
occupation	Marshall Ulrich is an American ultramarathon runner, adventure racer and mountaineer.	Marshall Ulrich	ultramarathon runner
occupation	Oliver Muoto (born 1969) is a Polish-born entrepreneur responsible for co-founding several early stage companies including vFlyer, Epicentric and RandomNoise.	Oliver Muoto	entrepreneur
occupation	Renate Eggebrecht (born August 12, 1944) is a German violinist and record producer.	Renate Eggebrecht	record producer
occupation	Duane Bastress (born May 30, 1983) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's middleweight division.	Duane Bastress	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jack Clemons is an aerospace engineer and air and space industry professional.	Jack Clemons	aerospace engineer
occupation	Orpheus Spiliotopoulos (Greek: Ορφέας Σπηλιωτόπουλος) (born July 27, 1980 in Greek island of Rhodes), son of Greek singer Iris Mavraki, is an independent band manager, a music journalist, a radio show host, a club DJ and a lyricist.	Orpheus Spiliotopoulos	journalist
occupation	Miss Marjorie Cottle (1900 - 1987) was an English professional motorcycle racer.	Marjorie Cottle	motorcycle racer
occupation	Chip Le Grand (born Blacksburg, Virginia USA) is an Australian sports journalist.	Chip Le Grand	journalist
occupation	Don Aitkin AO (b. 1937) is a political scientist, writer, and administrator.	Don Aitkin	writer
occupation	James Sommerin (born in Caerleon) is a Michelin-starred Welsh chef.	James Sommerin	chef
occupation	Emilio Ambrosini (1850, Trieste, Austria -- December 1, 1912, Vienna, Austria) was an Italian architect.	Emilio Ambrosini	architect
occupation	Ahmad Jamal (born Frederick Russell Jones, July 2, 1930) is an American jazz pianist, composer, group leader, and educator.	Ahmad Jamal	pianist	composer
occupation	Peter Bogdanovich (Serbian: Петар Богдановић, Petar Bogdanović, born July 30, 1939) is an American director, writer, actor, producer, critic and film historian.	Peter Bogdanovich	actor
occupation	Nathan Greene is a contemporary American artist and painter.	Nathan Greene	artist	painter
occupation	Kiran Janjani is an Indian actor who works in Bollywood.	Kiran Janjani	actor
occupation	Thomas Phifer (born 1953 in South Carolina) is an American architect based in New York City.	Thomas Phifer	architect
occupation	Isaac Funk (November 17, 1797 -- January 29, 1865) was an American rancher and politician, originally from Kentucky.	Isaac Funk	politician
occupation	Émile Poulat (French: (pula); June 13, 1920 -- November 22, 2014), was a French historian and sociologist.	Émile Poulat	historian	sociologist
occupation	José Leite Lopes (October 28, 1918 -- June 12, 2006), noted Brazilian theoretical physicist in the field of quantum field theory and particle physics.	José Leite Lopes	physicist
occupation	Demetrius Lacon or Demetrius of Laconia (late 2nd century BC) was an Epicurean philosopher, and a disciple of Protarchus.	Demetrius Lacon	philosopher
occupation	Charlotte Coyle is a plus-size model from Derry, Northern Ireland.	Charlotte Coyle	model
occupation	Mick Burrs (born April 10, 1940) is a Canadian poet who currently lives in Toronto, Ontario.	Mick Burrs	poet
occupation	Brooke Nichole Adams (born December 4, 1984), is an American model and professional wrestler best known for her time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring names Brooke, Brooke Tessmacher and Ms. Tessmacher.	Brooke Tessmacher	model	professional wrestler
occupation	Nina Hamid is a Bangladeshi folk singer.	Nina Hamid	singer
occupation	Friedrich von Huene, full name Friedrich Richard von Hoinigen (March 22, 1875 -- April 4, 1969) was a German paleontologist who renamed more dinosaurs in the early 20th century than anyone else in Europe.	Friedrich von Huene	paleontologist
occupation	Allan Birnbaum (May 27, 1923 -- July 1, 1976) was an American statistician who contributed to statistical inference, foundations of statistics, statistical genetics, statistical psychology, and history of statistics.	Allan Birnbaum	statistician
occupation	Jason Todd Ipson (born July 28, 1972) is an American director, screenwriter, producer, fashion photographer and licensed physician and surgeon.	Jason Todd Ipson	screenwriter	surgeon
occupation	Dan Ehrenkrantz is an American Reconstructionist rabbi, currently serving as the outgoing president of the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College in Wyncote, Pennsylvania.	Dan Ehrenkrantz	rabbi
occupation	Matthew Faughnan is an animation director with The Simpsons and has directed five episodes.	Matthew Faughnan	animation director
occupation	Harry Chozen (September 27, 1915 -- September 16, 1994) was a professional baseball player in the 1930s, 40s, and 50s.	Harry Chozen	baseball player
occupation	Mustafa Hassanali (born June 9, 1980) is a Tanzanian fashion designer and a qualified doctor.	Mustafa Hassanali	fashion designer
occupation	Ron Crawford (born October 11, 1945) is an actor and artist.	Ron Crawford	actor
occupation	Anne T. Hill (November 24, 1916 -- March 8, 1999) was a fashion designer and yoga teacher.	Anne T. Hill	fashion designer
occupation	Nimrod Kamer is a satirist, comedy writer/performer and journalist based in London.	Nimrod Kamer	journalist
occupation	Espen Selvik is a Norwegian conductor, composer, music reviewer in Bergens Tidende, writer, advisor of the Reksten Foundation and director of Gulatinget.	Espen Selvik	conductor	composer	writer
occupation	Frank Wennmann (born 1959) is a retired German swimmer who won four medals at the European and world championships in 1977--1981, three of them in the 4×200 m freestyle relay.	Frank Wennmann	swimmer
occupation	Peter G. Dyson is a British conductor and music director of the Belmont Ensemble of London.	Peter G. Dyson	conductor
occupation	Dithmar Blefken was a German preacher and minor 17th century geographer.	Dithmar Blefken	geographer
occupation	Joyce Ohajah is a British journalist, previously working on ITV London's regional news programme, London Tonight, and the national ITV Morning News.	Joyce Ohajah	journalist
occupation	Ana Bernardino is a Brazilian singer and one of two new singers in Brazilian Baile Funk band Bonde Do Rolê.	Ana Bernardino	singer
occupation	Nick Burd is an American award-winning novelist.	Nick Burd	novelist
occupation	Dolores Paterno y Ignacio (March 10, 1854 -- July 3, 1881) was a Filipina composer known for the song ``La Flor de Manila'' (also known as ``Sampaguita'').	Dolores Paterno	composer
occupation	Alla Goniodsky (born April 15, 1956) is a Russian-born stage designer, puppet maker, painter, and sculptor.	Alla Goniodsky	painter
occupation	Sara Seager (born July 21, 1971) is a Canadian-American astronomer and planetary scientist.	Sara Seager	astronomer
occupation	Zurich based British choreographer Ihsan Rustem was born in London in 1982.	Ihsan Rustem	choreographer
occupation	James Maurice Herlihy was an Irish amateur boxer winning the Leinster 1938-39 Championships as a Middleweight.	James Maurice Herlihy	boxer
occupation	Leif Bjaland was named the artistic director and conductor of the Florida West Coast Symphony in 1997.	Leif Bjaland	conductor
occupation	Anwarul Amin, commonly known as Azhar, is a former Bangladeshi cricketer.	Anwarul Amin	cricketer
occupation	John Lovitt (October 9, 1832 -- April 13, 1908) was a Canadian ship's captain, shipowner, shipbuilder, entrepreneur, and politician.	John Lovitt	politician
occupation	Miguel Caló (October 28, 1907 -- May 24, 1972) was a famous tango bandoneonist, composer, and the leader of the Orchestra Miguel Caló.	Miguel Caló	composer
occupation	Dennis Wolfberg (March 29, 1946 -- October 3, 1994) was an American stand up comedian and actor.	Dennis Wolfberg	actor
occupation	Nicholas A. Christakis (born May 7, 1962) is an American sociologist and physician known for his research on social networks and on the socioeconomic and biosocial determinants of behavior, health, and longevity.	Nicholas A. Christakis	sociologist
occupation	Oszkár Gerde (July 8, 1883 -- October 8, 1944) was a two-time Olympic champion Hungarian fencer.	Oszkár Gerde	fencer
occupation	Piotr Bujnowiczis a Polish-born, Golden Trailer awarded producer, and photographer.	Piotr Bujnowicz	photographer
occupation	Chief Justice U Aung Toe is a senior judge in Myanmar.	Aung Toe	judge
occupation	Sam Coslow (December 27, 1902 -- April 2, 1982) was an American songwriter, singer, film producer, publisher, and market analyst.	Sam Coslow	songwriter	film producer
occupation	Shayn Solberg (born on February 2, 1984) is a Canadian character actor.	Shayn Solberg	actor
occupation	Field marshal count Augustin Ehrensvärd (September 25, 1710 -- October 4, 1772) was a Swedish military officer, military architect, artist, creator of the Suomenlinna (Sveaborg) fortress and the Swedish archipelago fleet.	Augustin Ehrensvärd	architect
occupation	Ivar Alanen (previously Lammi; February 11, 1863 in Virrat -- March 28, 1936 in Parkano) was a Finnish politician representing Old Finnish Party and National Coalition Party.	Ivar Alanen	politician
occupation	Surjit Singh Sethi was a Punjabi playwright, novelist, short story writer, lyricist, film maker and theatre personality.	Surjit Singh Sethi	playwright
occupation	Mack Damon (born December 22, 1972 in Independence, Missouri), is a successful record producer and recording engineer based in San Antonio, Texas.	Mack Damon	record producer	engineer
occupation	William J. Pomeroy (November 25, 1916 - January 12, 2009) was an American communist and a ghost writer who served the American army in the Pacific during the World War II. He has a connection with the Philippine guerillas during the war, supplying them with materials.	William J. Pomeroy	writer
occupation	Paul Khanna is a British actor in the two-part Warner Bros. film Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.	Paul Khanna	actor
occupation	Simon Chikovani (Georgian: სიმონ ჩიქოვანი; December 27, 1902 -- April 24, 1966) was a Georgian poet who set out to be the leader of Georgian Futurist movement and ended up as a Soviet establishment figure.	Simon Chikovani	poet
occupation	William Neal Hallford (born October 17, 1966) is an American game designer, book author, screenwriter, and independent film director.	Neal Hallford	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Max van der Rose is a German composer, musician, record producer and painter.	Max van der Rose	composer
occupation	For the first two-thirds of his 30-year career, Gösta Winbergh was greatly admired as a singer of Mozart's operas.	Gösta Winbergh	singer
occupation	Alan Schilke is an engineer and roller coaster designer based in Hayden, Idaho, United States.	Alan Schilke	engineer
occupation	Derek Johnson, Jr., better known by his stage name Derek Minor and former stage name PRo, (born December 16, 1984) is an American Christian hip hop artist, record producer, entrepreneur, actor, and screenwriter.	Derek Minor	screenwriter
occupation	James Oppenheim (1882--1932), was an American poet, novelist, and editor.	James Oppenheim	poet
occupation	Valeriu Tabără (Romanian pronunciation: (vaˈlerju ˈtabərə); born July 1, 1949) is a Romanian agronomist and politician.	Valeriu Tabără	politician
occupation	Antonio Skármeta (born Esteban Antonio Skármeta Vranicic on November 7, 1940) is a Chilean writer descending from Croatian immigrants from the Adriatic island of Brač, Dalmatia.	Antonio Skármeta	writer
occupation	Maria Ciulei is a dedicated Romanian handball coach, who initiated and coached world-renowned handball players and who along the years led her teams to 11 National Titles and 2 European Titles.	Maria Ciulei	handball coach
occupation	Jan Brzechwa was the writer's pseudonym.	Jan Brzechwa	writer
occupation	Charles Wedge was a surveyor and explorer of the North West of Western Australia.	Charles Wedge	explorer
occupation	Vinko Dvořák (January 21, 1848 -- May 6, 1922) was a Czech-Croatian physicist, professor and academician.	Vinko Dvořák	physicist
occupation	Frank DeCaro (born November 6, 1962) is an American writer, performer and talk radio host.	Frank DeCaro	writer	radio host
occupation	Julio de Caro (December 11, 1899 -- March 11, 1980) was an Argentine composer, musician and conductor prominent in the Tango genre.	Julio de Caro	composer	conductor
occupation	David Dolan (born 7 October 1979) is a British professional boxer who has competed at both heavyweight and cruiserweight.	David Dolan	boxer
occupation	Ann Coody (December 12, 1937) is a politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	Ann Coody	politician
occupation	Héctor Guerra Garcia (born August 6, 1978 in Madrid) is a Spanish cyclist and triathlete.	Héctor Guerra	triathlete
occupation	Leo Hershfield (1904 -- 1979) was a prominent American illustrator and a courtroom artist for NBC News.	Leo Hershfield	illustrator
occupation	Jason David Frank (born September 4, 1973) is an American actor and professional mixed martial artist notable for his portrayal of Tommy Oliver in Power Rangers.	Jason David Frank	actor
occupation	Steven Schachter is an American television, theatre, and film director and screenwriter.	Steven Schachter	film director
occupation	Vito Russo (July 11, 1946 -- November 7, 1990) was an American LGBT activist, film historian and author who is best remembered as the author of the book The Celluloid Closet (1981, revised edition 1987).	Vito Russo	film historian	author
occupation	Craig McGill is a writer, journalist and media analyst.	Craig McGill	journalist
occupation	Frank Fontaine (April 19, 1920 -- August 4, 1978) was an American stage, radio, film and television comedian and singer.	Frank Fontaine	comedian	singer
occupation	Vincent Paul Abbott, also known as ``Vinnie Paul'' (born March 11, 1964) is an American professional drummer and producer who is best known for being a former member, and co-founder, of the heavy metal band Pantera.	Vinnie Paul	drummer
occupation	Wendel Bollman (January 21, 1814 -- 1884) was an American self-taught civil engineer, best known for his iron railway bridges.	Wendel Bollman	civil engineer
occupation	Bruce Cowling (October 30, 1919 -- August 22, 1986) was a film and television actor in the 1940s and 1950s.	Bruce Cowling	actor
occupation	Atiha Sen Gupta is a British playwright and screenwriter.	Atiha Sen Gupta	screenwriter
occupation	Richard Argall (fl. 1621), was a poet, of whom little is known.	Richard Argall	poet
occupation	Meyer Fortes (1906--1983) was a South African-born anthropologist, best known for his work among the Tallensi and Ashanti in Ghana.	Meyer Fortes	anthropologist
occupation	Homam-e Tabrizi (Persian: همام الدین تبریزی‎) or HOMĀM-AL-DIN B. ʿALĀʾ TABRIZI (1238/39 to 1314/1315) was an Persian poet of the Ilkhanid era.	Homam-e Tabrizi	poet
occupation	Roger Creager (born July 25, 1971) is a Texas Country singer and songwriter.	Roger Creager	singer and songwriter
occupation	Chen Chung Chang is a mathematician who works in model theory.	Chen Chung Chang	mathematician
occupation	Zerrin Tekindor has a son with actor Çetin Tekindor.	Zerrin Tekindor	actor
occupation	Charles Bernstein (born April 4, 1950) is an American poet, essayist, editor, and literary scholar.	Charles Bernstein	poet
occupation	Billy Boyle is an Irish actor on British film, television and stage.	Billy Boyle	actor
occupation	Leonard Mlodinow (pronunciation: /məˈlɒdɨnoʊf/) is an American physicist, author and screenwriter.	Leonard Mlodinow	physicist	screenwriter
occupation	Manuel Ugarte (1875--1951) was an Argentine author, writer and member of the Socialist Party.	Manuel Ugarte	author	writer
occupation	Lillian Evanti (August 12, 1890 -- December 6, 1967), was an African-American opera singer.	Lillian Evanti	opera singer
occupation	Brother Brian Thorp was a British Roman Catholic Mill Hill missionary who was robbed and murdered in Africa, where he had spent decades working.	Brian Thorp	missionary
occupation	Evrim Demirel (born November 17, 1977 in Izmir) is a Turkish composer and jazz pianist.	Evrim Demirel	composer
occupation	Larry Nesper is an American anthropologist specializing in the Ojibwe (a.k.a. Chippewa) people of northern Wisconsin.	Larry Nesper	anthropologist
occupation	Sharon Prabhakar (born 4 August ) is an Indian pop singer, theatre personality and public speaker.	Sharon Prabhakar	singer
occupation	Josiah William Smith (3 April 1816 -- 10 April 1887) was an English barrister, legal writer and judge.	Josiah William Smith	judge
occupation	Theodore B. Fernald is a linguist and the chair of the Department of Linguistics at Swarthmore College.	Theodore B. Fernald	linguist
occupation	Sara Josephine Baker (November 15, 1873 -- February 22, 1945) was an American physician notable for making contributions to public health, especially in the immigrant communities of New York City.	Sara Josephine Baker	physician
occupation	Hazem Mohamed Ali (also Hazem Mohamed, Arabic: حازم محمد علي‎; born September 20, 1969) is an Egyptian sport shooter.	Hazem Mohamed	sport shooter
occupation	Johannes Gezelius the younger (AD 1647 in Dorpat -- AD 1718 in Uppland), was a theologian, professor in The Royal Academy of Åbo and also superintendent of Livonia as his father had been.	Johannes Gezelius the younger	theologian
occupation	Chi Coltrane (Chi is pronounced ``shy''; born November 16, 1948) is an American rock-pop-jazz songwriter, pianist, and singer.	Chi Coltrane	singer
occupation	Johnny Bratton, also known as Honey Boy Bratton, (September 9, 1927 -- August 15, 1993) was an American professional boxer in the welterweight (147lb) division.	Johnny Bratton	boxer
occupation	Kari Karhunen (1915--1992) was a probabilist and a mathematical statistician, of Finnish origin.	Kari Karhunen	statistician
occupation	Chinnaponnu (sometimes written Chinna Ponnu, or Chinnaponnu Kumar) is a folk and playback singer from the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Chinnaponnu	singer
occupation	Diego de Aguilar (active 1587) was a Spanish painter, of the Renaissance period, active in Toledo.	Diego de Aguilar	painter
occupation	Mori Eskandani is a veteran cash game poker player who has amassed several live tournament winnings as well.	Mori Eskandani	poker player
occupation	Karl Mahlburg is an American mathematician whose research interests lie in the areas of modular forms, partitions, combinatorics and number theory.	Karl Mahlburg	mathematician
occupation	Steven Kunes (born 1956) is an American screenwriter, author, playwright, con man, forger and plagiarist.	Steven Kunes	screenwriter	playwright
occupation	Anton Refregier (March 20, 1905 -- October 10, 1979) a painter and muralist active in Works Progress Administration Federal Art Project commissions, and in teaching art. He was a Russian immigrant to the United States.	Anton Refregier	painter
occupation	Antisthenes (/ænˈtɪsθᵻniːz/; Greek: Ἀντισθένης; c. 445 -- c. 365 BC) was a Greek philosopher and a pupil of Socrates.	Antisthenes	philosopher
occupation	Steven Sater is an American poet, playwright, lyricist, television writer, and screenwriter.	Steven Sater	poet	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	Edward Charles Bowers (born December 15, 1845 in Westport, Colony of Nova Scotia-January 19, 1929) was a politician, teacher and trader.	Edward Charles Bowers	politician
occupation	Luca Manca (born c. 1980) is an Italian motorcycle racer who competes in rally raid events.	Luca Manca	motorcycle racer
occupation	Rafiq Ahmed Jamali, (Urdu: رفیق احمد جمالی ‎) is a Pakistani politician.	Rafiq Ahmed Jamali	politician
occupation	Rafael López Nussa (1885--1943) was a Puerto Rican physician and public servant.	Rafael López Nussa	physician
occupation	Jim Massey is an American humorist, bookmaker, and comic book writer.	Jim Massey	bookmaker
occupation	Helen Meles is a prominent Eritrean singer and actress.	Helen Meles	singer
occupation	Fu Kun-chi (Chinese: 傅崐萁; pinyin: Fu Kūnqí) is a Taiwanese politician.	Fu Kun-chi	politician
occupation	Gerald J. Rip is a judge formerly serving as Chief Justice of the Tax Court of Canada.	Gerald J. Rip	judge
occupation	Harry Suhl is a German-American physicist.	Harry Suhl	physicist
occupation	Frank Sheridan (June 11, 1869 -- November 24, 1943) was an American actor of the silent and early sound film eras.	Frank Sheridan	actor
occupation	Declan Fanning (born 24 June 1979) is an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who played as right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.	Declan Fanning	hurler
occupation	Peter Kuper (born September 22, 1958) is an American alternative cartoonist and illustrator, best known for his autobiographical, political, and social observations.	Peter Kuper	cartoonist
occupation	Irma von Cube (1899 -- 1977) was a German-American screenwriter.	Irma von Cube	screenwriter
occupation	Nabil El-Nayal, more commonly known as Nabil Nayal (born 1985 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Syrian-born British fashion designer.	Nabil El-Nayal	fashion designer
occupation	Charles Burkhart is a retired musicologist, theorist, composer, and pianist.	Charles Burkhart	musicologist
occupation	Morgan Jon Fox (born June 19, 1979) is an American film director, and screenwriter from Memphis, Tennessee.	Morgan Jon Fox	film director
occupation	Ivan Timofeevich Kokorev (Russian Иван Тимофеевич Кокорев) (September 6, 1825 - June 14, 1853) was a Russian writer.	Ivan Timofeevich Kokorev	writer
occupation	Vincenzo Vela (May 3, 1820 - October 3, 1891) was a Swiss sculptor, active mainly in northern Italy.	Vincenzo Vela	sculptor
occupation	Carlos Alberto Taylhardat (June 6, 1921, Santa Marta, Colombia - November 21, 2011), was a Venezuelan naval captain and diplomat.	Carlos Alberto Taylhardat	diplomat
occupation	Michael Benyaer (born May 25, 1970) is a Canadian/American actor, cartoon and video game voice actor and is probably best known for his roles as Hadji Singh in season one of The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest and Bob in the Canadian CGI series ReBoot, seasons 1, 2 and 4.	Michael Benyaer	actor
occupation	Veronika Kratochwil (born September 9, 1988 in Baden bei Wien) is an Austrian springboard diver.	Veronika Kratochwil	diver
occupation	Josh Ritter (born October 21, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and author who performs and records with The Royal City Band.	Josh Ritter	singer-songwriter
occupation	Marilyn Sadler is a children's writer with a deadpan sense of humor.	Marilyn Sadler	writer
occupation	Jagjit Chadha is an English economist who is currently Professor and Chair in Money and Banking in the Department of Economics at the University of Kent, Professor of Commerce at Gresham College, Chair of the Money, Macro and Finance Research Group and a specialist adviser to the Treasury Select Committee.	Jagjit Chadha	economist
occupation	Marlowe Morris (May 16, 1915 -- May 28, 1978) was an American jazz pianist and organist.	Marlowe Morris	pianist
occupation	Suzanne D'Mello, formerly known as Suzie Q, is Indian playback singer of Bollywood films and other regional films.	Suzanne D'Mello	singer
occupation	Tim Hollings (born December 27, 1951 - died September 17, 2006) was a Canadian cinematographer and news cameraman who is best known for his work on David Winning's first feature film Storm.	Tim Hollings	cinematographer
occupation	Girolamo da Cremona, also known as Girolamo de'Corradi, (fl. 1451--1483) was an Italian Renaissance painter, illuminator and miniaturist of manuscripts and early printed books.	Girolamo da Cremona	painter	illuminator
occupation	Butch Walker began 2008 by setting out many dates for new songs, DVDs, new albums both with the band 1969, which he is the bassist and lead singer for, and also a solo record titled Sycamore Meadows.	Butch Walker	singer
occupation	Jay Wilsey (February 6, 1896 -- October 25, 1961) was an American film actor (born Wilbert Jay Wilsey).	Jay Wilsey	actor
occupation	Bo Hampton (born 1954) is an American comic book and cartoon artist.	Bo Hampton	artist
occupation	Ashfaque Munier (September 24, 1959 -- August 13, 2011; known as Mishuk Munier) was a Bangladeshi media specialist and broadcast journalist.	Mishuk Munier	journalist
occupation	Shannon Thunderbird is a Coast Tsimshian First Nations singer-songwriter, speaker, educator, recording artist, playwright, and author.	Shannon Thunderbird	singer
occupation	Rusty Draper (born Farrell H. Draper; January 25, 1923 -- March 28, 2003) was an American country and pop singer who achieved his greatest success in the 1950s.	Rusty Draper	singer
occupation	Donna Adamek (born February 1, 1957 in Duarte, California USA) is an American tenpin bowler who was named Bowler of the Year on the WIBC Tour four times (1978--1981).	Donna Adamek	bowler
occupation	Leopold Godowsky, Jr. (May 27, 1900 - February 18, 1983) was an American violinist and chemist, who together with Leopold Mannes created the first practical color transparency film, Kodachrome.	Leopold Godowsky, Jr.	violinist	chemist
occupation	Jacob Schumacher was an architect and engineer who later served as a United States diplomat.	Jacob Schumacher	diplomat
occupation	Allan Hyde (Born December 20, 1989) is a Danish actor.	Allan Hyde	actor
occupation	Dominique de Caen (May 11, 1956 -- June 25, 2002) was a mathematician, Doctor of Mathematics, and professor of Mathematics, who specialized in graph theory, probability, and information theory.	Dominique de Caen	mathematician
occupation	Nelson Pessoa Filho (born December 16, 1935) is a Brazilian equestrian who competed in the sport of Show jumping.	Nelson Pessoa	equestrian
occupation	Mohammad Tauqir Khan (Arabic: توقير محمد‎; born January 14, 1972 in Dubai) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer.	Mohammad Tauqir	cricketer
occupation	Patrick Rouble is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Southern Lakes in the Yukon Legislative Assembly from 2002 to 2011, serving as the Minister of Education and Minister of Energy, Mines and Resources.	Patrick Rouble	politician
occupation	Sleep Dank, also known as Sleep Da Danker or Sleepdank, is an American rapper signed to the late Mac Dre's label Thizz Entertainment.	Sleep Dank	rapper
occupation	Emmanuelle Vaugier (born June 23, 1976) is a Canadian film and television actress, and model.	Emmanuelle Vaugier	model
occupation	Denis Lebel, PC, MP (born May 26, 1954, in Roberval, Quebec) is a Canadian federal politician and former mayor of Roberval, Quebec and is currently the Deputy Leader of the Federal Opposition.	Denis Lebel	politician
occupation	Robert Dick Wilson (February 4, 1856 -- October 11, 1930) was an American linguist and Presbyterian scholar who devoted his life to prove the reliability of the Hebrew Bible.	Robert Dick Wilson	linguist
occupation	Nick Stagliano is a film director and producer.	Nick Stagliano	film director
occupation	Seymour Kneitel (March 16, 1908 -- July 30, 1964) was an American animator.	Seymour Kneitel	animator
occupation	Isao Kikuchi (born December 9, 1921) is a graphic designer, painter, carver, illustrator.	Isao Kikuchi	graphic designer	painter
occupation	Gregory Stock is a biophysicist, best-selling author, biotech entrepreneur, and the former director of the Program on Medicine, Technology and Society at UCLA's School of Medicine.	Gregory Stock	author
occupation	Sanders Anne Laubenthal (December 25, 1943 -- May 15, 2002) was an American poet, novelist, historian and textbook writer.	Sanders Anne Laubenthal	novelist	historian
occupation	Reza Amrollahi (in Persian: رضا امراللهی) is a physicist and professor.	Reza Amrollahi	physicist
occupation	Verner Clarges (January 9, 1846 -- August 11, 1911) was an American actor of stage and the silent era.	Verner Clarges	actor
occupation	David Lee McInnis (born December 12, 1973) is an American actor based in Los Angeles and New York.	David Lee McInnis	actor
occupation	Luigia Bozzini or Candida Luigia Bozzini (19th century) was an Italian painter, mainly in Piacenza and mainly depicting religious subjects.	Luigia Bozzini	painter
occupation	Esther Salas (born December 29, 1968) is a federal district judge for the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey sitting in Newark, New Jersey.	Esther Salas	judge
occupation	St. Claude de la Colombière, S.J., was a Jesuit priest and the confessor of St. Margaret Mary Alacoque, V.H.M. His feast day is the day of his death, 15 February.	Claude de la Colombière	priest
occupation	Heidi Cortez (born March 11, 1981) is an American entrepreneur (business owner, model, producer, writer, & manager).	Heidi Cortez	entrepreneur
occupation	Volin was a prolific writer and anarchist intellectual who played an important part in the organization and leadership of Nabat.	Volin	writer
occupation	Kevin Shillington is a teacher and a freelance historian based in London, England, United Kingdom.	Kevin Shillington	historian
occupation	Cletis Carr (born August 4, 1959) is a singer-songwriter, guitarist and record producer.	Cletis Carr	singer-songwriter
occupation	Camila Grey (Camila Cristinna Gutierrez; born January 6, 1979) is a Los Angeles based musician currently performing in the duo Uh Huh Her.	Camila Grey	musician
occupation	Neil Blackmore is a British novelist who had a success in Germany and other countries in the 1990s and 2000s with his first two novels, Soho Blues and Der Himmel über Damaskus.	Neil Blackmore	novelist
occupation	Wafande Pierre Jolivel Zahor (born January 21, 1983), better known by his mononym Wafande is a Danish reggae, soul singer and songwriter.	Wafande	singer
occupation	James Mackson McMichael (December 14, 1870 -- October 3, 1944), known as James M. McMichael was an American architect.	James M. McMichael	architect
occupation	Sali Hughes is a Welsh journalist, writer and broadcaster.	Sali Hughes	journalist
occupation	Samantha Arsenault (born October 11, 1981), later known by her married name Samantha Livingstone, is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic champion.	Samantha Arsenault	swimmer
occupation	Edmund Hugh Hodgkinson was a British bicycle inventor who in 1896 patented the Gradient three-speed gear changing system, one of the very earliest proposals for a derailleur.	Edmund Hugh Hodgkinson	inventor
occupation	James McSherry, Jr. (July 29, 1819 -- July 13, 1869) was an American lawyer and writer.	James McSherry, Jr.	writer
occupation	Blanche Ring (April 24, 1871 -- January 13, 1961), was an American singer and actress in Broadway theatre productions, musicals, and Hollywood motion pictures.	Blanche Ring	singer
occupation	Candy Jones, originally known as Jessica Arline Wilcox (December 31, 1925 -- January 18, 1990), was an American fashion model, writer and radio talk show hostess.	Candy Jones	model
occupation	Donald Mahler is an American ballet dancer, choreographer and stage director.	Donald Mahler	choreographer
occupation	Paulo Pinheiro is a Brazilian American computer scientist working in the areas of provenance and semantic web in support of sciences.	Paulo Pinheiro	computer scientist
occupation	Greg Allen ( born 27 October 1947) was an Australian rugby league player for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the New South Wales Rugby League competition.	Greg Allen	rugby league player
occupation	Laurel Touby is an American journalist and investor.	Laurel Touby	journalist
occupation	Ducky DooLittle (born June 3, 1970, in Fridley, Minnesota) is a sex educator, performer, writer, former peepshow girl, and sexual assault and violence intervention counselor in the New York City area.	Ducky DooLittle	sex educator
occupation	Jonathan Twingley is an American author, artist and illustrator.	Jonathan Twingley	artist
occupation	Jaye Davidson (born Alfred Amey; March 21, 1968) is an American-born British model and retired actor.	Jaye Davidson	actor
occupation	Charles Munn (March 17, 1887 in Osseo, Minnesota -- January 31, 1973) was a Minnesota Farmer-Laborite politician and a Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives.	Charles Munn	politician
occupation	Brian Melo (born August 15, 1982) is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Hamilton, Ontario who was the winner of the fifth season of Canadian Idol in 2007.	Brian Melo	singer
occupation	George Hennessey (October 28, 1907 in Slatington, Pennsylvania -- January 15, 1988 in Princeton, New Jersey) was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1937 to 1945.	George Hennessey	baseball player
occupation	Vincuk Viačorka (Belarusian: Вінцук Вячорка, (vʲinˈtsuk vʲaˈtʂorka), born July 7, 1961) is a Belarusian linguist, politician and former leader (1999--2007) of the Belarusian National Front (BNF), a Belarusian opposition party.	Vincuk Viačorka	politician
occupation	Richard Nancekivell was a Cornish rugby union player who competed in the Cornwall County team.	Richard Nancekivell	rugby union player
occupation	Josef Madlener (1881--1967) was a German artist, illustrator, and writer.	Josef Madlener	illustrator
occupation	Franky G (born Frank Gonzales; October 30, 1965), is an American film and television actor.	Franky G	actor
occupation	Sheikh Tushar Imran (born December 10, 1983) is a cricketer from Bangladesh who has represented his country in 4 Test matches and 37 One Day International.	Tushar Imran	cricketer
occupation	Timothy Stack (born November 21, 1956) is an American film and television actor and screenwriter.	Timothy Stack	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Jamyangiin Urantögs (Mongolian: Жамъянгийн Урантөгс) is a Mongolian singer.	Jamyangiin Urantögs	singer
occupation	Billy Rayes was an American actor, juggler and mimic.	Billy Rayes	actor
occupation	Linda Yellin is an American memoirist, novelist, and humorist.	Linda Yellin	novelist
occupation	Alain Seletto (born March 20, 1977) is an Italian ski mountaineer and alpine skier.	Alain Seletto	alpine skier
occupation	Øystein Sunde became a part of the musician social environment in the capital, and he could often be found at the singer's club Dolphins with talented people like Kari Svendsen, Lillebjørn Nilsen, Ole Paus, Finn Kalvik and Hege Tunaal.	Øystein Sunde	musician
occupation	Jay Novello (August 22, 1904 -- September 2, 1982) was an American radio, film, and television character actor.	Jay Novello	actor
occupation	Ann Bauer (born March 11, 1966) is an American essayist and novelist.	Ann Bauer	novelist
occupation	Eugenio Morales Agacino (March 15, 1914 -- March 9, 2002) was a Spanish entomologist and naturalist, named honorary doctorate by the Autonomous University of Madrid.	Eugenio Morales Agacino	naturalist
occupation	James Bennett Griffin (also known as Jimmy Griffin) (January 12, 1905 -- May 17, 1997) was an American archaeologist.	James Bennett Griffin	archaeologist
occupation	Melba Pattillo Beals (born December 7, 1941) is a journalist and member of the Little Rock Nine, a group of African-American students who were the first to integrate Central High in Little Rock, Arkansas.	Melba Pattillo Beals	journalist
occupation	John Lumia is an American actor, and sub-culture solo artist and performer, best known for his solo shows.	John Lumia	actor
occupation	Joe Spinell (born Joseph J. Spagnuolo; October 28, 1936 -- January 13, 1989) was an American character actor, who appeared in numerous films in the 1970s and 1980s, as well as various stage productions on and off Broadway.	Joe Spinell	character actor
occupation	Hsu Fu-kuan or Xu Fuguan (Chinese: 徐復觀); 1902/1903 -- 1982) was a Chinese intellectual and historian who made notable contributions to Confucian studies.	Xu Fuguan	historian
occupation	Gabriela Aguileta Estrada is an award winning Mexican writer of children's books and short stories.	Gabriela Aguileta	writer
occupation	Wes Kittley (born in Rule, Texas) is the current head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders men's and women's track and field teams.	Wes Kittley	head coach
occupation	Leneuoti Matusi is a Tuvaluan politician and former civil servant who was elected as an Independent MP for the Nui constituency in a 2013 by-election, having previously served as the Secretary of the Nui Falekaupule.	Leneuoti Matusi	politician
occupation	Paul Bucy (/ˈbjuːsi/; November 13, 1904 -- September 22, 1992) was an American neurosurgeon and neuropathologist who was a native of Hubbard, Iowa.	Paul Bucy	neurosurgeon
occupation	John Milligan-Whyte (born in Pasadena USA on February 17, 1952) is a businessman, lawyer and moral and political philosopher, who China's official media refer to as the ``new Edgar Snow'' and the ``twenty-first century Kissinger.''	John Milligan-Whyte	philosopher
occupation	April Stevens (born Carol LoTempio; April 29, 1936) is an American singer.	April Stevens	singer
occupation	The Boucicaut Master or Master of the Hours for Marshal Boucicaut was an anonymous French or Flemish miniaturist and illuminator active between 1400 and 1430 in Paris.	Boucicaut Master	illuminator
occupation	Mike McLellan (born September 4, 1981 in Toronto, Ontario) is an indoor lacrosse player for the Edmonton Rush in the National Lacrosse League and an outdoor lacrosse player formerly of the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse.	Mike McLellan	lacrosse player
occupation	David W. Krause is a Canadian-born vertebrate paleontologist currently working as a Distinguished Service Professor at the Stony Brook University Department of Anatomical Sciences.	David W. Krause	paleontologist
occupation	Giovanni Andrea Cornia (born 9 April 1947), is a development economist.	Giovanni Andrea Cornia	economist
occupation	José Felipe Mariano Gálvez (ca. 1794 -- March 29, 1862 in Mexico) was a jurist and Liberal politician in Guatemala.	Mariano Gálvez	politician
occupation	Georgios Salavantakis (Greek: Γεώργιος Σαλαβαντάκης; born September 10, 1970 in Chania, Crete) is a Greek sport shooter.	Georgios Salavantakis	sport shooter
occupation	Adam Pearce (born June 24, 1978) is an American retired professional wrestler who is currently working as a trainer at the WWE Performance Center.	Adam Pearce	professional wrestler
occupation	Jacob Chandy, was an Indian neurosurgeon and teacher of medical sciences.	Jacob Chandy	neurosurgeon
occupation	Robert Venable is a producer, mixer, and engineer, currently based in Nashville, TN.	Robert Venable	engineer
occupation	Eric Guinivan (born 1984) is a percussionist, composer, founding member of the Los Angeles Percussion Quartet, and was principal timpanist of the YMF Debut Orchestra.	Eric Guinivan	composer
occupation	Ani DiFranco (/ˈɑːniː/; born Angela Maria DiFranco; September 23, 1970) is an American singer, multi-instrumentalist, poet, songwriter and businesswoman.	Ani DiFranco	singer
occupation	Rudy Nebres (born January 14, 1937) is a Filipino comics artist who has worked mostly as an inker in the American comic book industry.	Rudy Nebres	comics artist
occupation	As described by Stuart Mason: ``On her new release Come Sunrise, singer-songwriter Rita Hosking reflects her upbringing in rural Shasta County.	Rita Hosking	singer-songwriter
occupation	Tim Crow FMedSci is a British psychiatrist and researcher from Oxford.	Tim Crow	psychiatrist
occupation	Melissa Steel is a British reggae and pop singer from Bradford, England.	Melissa Steel	singer
occupation	Lynn Harris is a feminist journalist, essayist, and author who lives in Brooklyn, NY.	Lynn Harris	journalist
occupation	Raffaello del Brescianino or Dei Piccinelli was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in Siena.	Raffaello del Brescianino	painter
occupation	Awais Zia (Urdu: اويس ضياء‎; born 1 September 1986) is a Pakistani cricketer.	Awais Zia	cricketer
occupation	Anselmo Duarte (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈsɛwmu duˈaʁtʃi); April 21, 1920 -- November 7, 2009) was a Brazilian actor, screenwriter and film director.	Anselmo Duarte	actor	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Dick Vance (November 28, 1915 - July 1, 1985) was an American jazz trumpeter and arranger.	Dick Vance	trumpeter
occupation	Jordan Young (born 14 December 1984), known professionally as DJ Swivel, is a Grammy Award winning Canadian music producer, mixer, audio engineer, and DJ. He is a prominent audio engineer best known for working with Beyoncé as her personal recording engineer.	DJ Swivel	audio engineer	engineer
occupation	Robert Boon (October 26, 1916 -- January 13, 2015) was a Dutch-born American film, television, and theater actor.	Robert Boon	actor
occupation	Jim Infantino is an American singer-songwriter and leader of the band Jim's Big Ego, as well as being a graphic designer, web designer, poet, bartender and stalwart of the Boston folk scene.	Jim Infantino	singer	songwriter
occupation	John Allen Wilcox (April 18, 1819 -- February 7, 1864) was a politician from Mississippi and Texas who served in the United States House of Representatives in the early 1850s and then in the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War.	John Allen Wilcox	politician
occupation	Josef Szombathy born Szombathy József (1853--1943) was an Hungarian-Austrian archaeologist; he was present when the Venus of Willendorf was discovered in 1908.	Josef Szombathy	archaeologist
occupation	Whitney Peyton is an American rapper from the outskirts of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Whitney Peyton	rapper
occupation	Ludwig Immanuel Magnus (March 15, 1790--September 25, 1861) was a German Jewish mathematician who, in 1831, published a paper about the inversion transformation, which leads to inversive geometry.	Ludwig Immanuel Magnus	mathematician
occupation	Aaron Sprinkle is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer from Seattle, Washington.	Aaron Sprinkle	singer	record producer
occupation	Georgi Palazov (Bulgarian: Георги Палазов; born February 4, 1980 in Burgas) is a Bulgarian former swimmer, who specialized in butterfly and medley events.	Georgi Palazov	swimmer
occupation	Mark Mussler (September 10, 1954 -- December 9, 1987) was a singer, make-up artist, and original member of the disco group Village People.	Mark Mussler	singer
occupation	Nick Pelling is a British-born computer programmer and inventor, best known for a series of 1980s computer games for the BBC Micro and Commodore 64 written under the nom-de-plume Orlando M. Pilchard.	Nick Pelling	programmer
occupation	D. Pandian is an Indian politician and former Member of Parliament elected from Tamil Nadu.	D. Pandian	politician
occupation	Aglaia Kremezi (Αγλαΐα Κρεμέζη) is a Greek food writer and journalist, often considered ``one of Greece's foremost cooking authorities''.	Aglaia Kremezi	journalist
occupation	Monika Sprüth is a German art dealer, co-owner of Sprüth Magers in Berlin and London, along with Philomene Magers.	Monika Sprüth	art dealer
occupation	Luis Villalobos (November 5, 1938 -- October 1, 2009) was an engineer, entrepreneur and angel investor credited with founding the angel investing organization Tech Coast Angels in 1997.	Luis Villalobos	engineer
occupation	James Davison Hunter (born 1955) is an American sociologist who is the LaBrosse-Levinson Distinguished Professor of Religion, Culture, and Social Theory at the University of Virginia and a Distinguished Visiting Scholar at Baylor University.	James Davison Hunter	sociologist
occupation	Ang Ui-jin (Chinese: 洪惟仁; pinyin: Hóng Wéirén; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Âng Ûi-jîn) (born June 16, 1946) is a Taiwanese linguist.	Ang Ui-jin	linguist
occupation	Jeff Atwood is an American software developer, author, blogger, and entrepreneur.	Jeff Atwood	blogger
occupation	Mary Ellen Avery (May 6, 1927 -- December 4, 2011) was an American pediatrician.	Mary Ellen Avery	pediatrician
occupation	Joe Brandt (July 20, 1882 - February 22, 1939) was an American publicist, screenwriter, editor, film producer, and general manager.	Joe Brandt	screenwriter
occupation	Dr. Chandler McCuskey Brooks (December 18, 1905--November 29, 1989) was an American physiologist notable for his research on the relationships between the central nervous and endocrine systems.	Chandler McCuskey Brooks	physiologist
occupation	Herschel McCoy (August 6, 1912 - February 3, 1956) was a costume designer who first began designing costumes for Hollywood films in 1936.	Herschel McCoy	costume designer
occupation	Alfred Kern (August 8, 1924 -- June 2, 2009) was an American novelist and professor.	Alfred Kern	novelist
occupation	Martha Rountree (October 23, 1911 -- August 23, 1999) was an American pioneering broadcast journalist and entrepreneur.	Martha Rountree	journalist
occupation	Matt Harrigan is an American television writer, producer, and voice actor who is best known for his work on shows like the Late Show with David Letterman and Celebrity Deathmatch.	Matt Harrigan	voice actor
occupation	David Cross (born April 4, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer, and voice artist, known primarily for his standup work, the HBO sketch comedy series Mr. Show, and his role as Tobias Fünke in the sitcom Arrested Development.	David Cross	comedian	actor
occupation	Anselme Chiasson (January 3, 1911 -- April 25, 2004) was a Catholic priest, educator and writer in New Brunswick.	Anselme Chiasson	Catholic priest
occupation	Chris Segar is a Welsh television presenter best known for presenting the consumer affairs programme The Ferret since 1996.	Chris Segar	television presenter
occupation	Alphonse Antonio de Sarasa was a Jesuit mathematician who contributed to the understanding of logarithms, particularly as areas under a hyperbola.	Alphonse Antonio de Sarasa	mathematician
occupation	Clarence Kummer (August 8, 1899 - December 18, 1930) was a U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey who won four American Classic Races.	Clarence Kummer	jockey
occupation	Anastasia Gloushkov (born May 24, 1985) is an Israeli Olympic synchronized swimmer.	Anastasia Gloushkov	swimmer
occupation	William Douglas, 1st Duke of Queensberry PC (1637--1695), also 3rd Earl of Queensberry and 1st Marquess of Queensberry, was a Scottish politician.	William Douglas, 1st Duke of Queensberry	politician
occupation	Bronwen Weber (born Calgary, Alberta) is a pastry chef and renowned cake decorator based in Dallas, Texas.	Bronwen Weber	chef
occupation	Howard Hayes Scullard (February 9, 1903 -- March 31, 1983) FBA, FSA was a British historian specializing in ancient history, notable for editing the Oxford Classical Dictionary and for his many books.	Howard Hayes Scullard	historian
occupation	Andy Culligan is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player.	Andy Culligan	ice hockey player
occupation	Yang Tingzhong (Chinese: 杨廷忠) is a scholar in social medicine, a behaviorist and sociologist.	Yang Tingzhong	sociologist
occupation	Joseph Shallit (February 7, 1915--June 13, 1995) was an American mystery novelist and science fiction author.	Joseph Shallit	novelist
occupation	Cyrus Townsend Brady (December 20, 1861 -- January 24, 1920) was a journalist, historian and adventure writer.	Cyrus Townsend Brady	journalist	historian
occupation	James Devitt (born October 12, 1928) is a former American politician and businessman.	James Devitt	politician
occupation	Goree Chester Carter or Christer Carter (December 31, 1930 -- December 29, 1990), known as Goree Carter, was an American singer, guitarist, drummer, songwriter and soldier.	Goree Carter	singer
occupation	Tim Horner (born August 19, 1959) is a professional wrestler, best known as one half of The Lightning Express, with Brad Armstrong.	Tim Horner	professional wrestler
occupation	George Frederick Boyle (June 29, 1886 -- June 20, 1948) was an Australian, later American pianist, composer and pedagogue.	George Frederick Boyle	composer
occupation	Agustin Cueva Davila (Ibarra, September 23, 1937 -- Quito, May 1, 1992) was an Ecuadorian writer, literary critic, and sociologist.	Agustin Cueva	writer	sociologist
occupation	Léopold Angrand (October 16, 1859 -- October 7, 1906) was a Senegalese politician and a noble descendant of Métis signare Goree.	Léopold Angrand	politician
occupation	Michel Qissi (Arabic: ميشيل قصي‎; born Mohammed Qissi on 12 September 1962) is a Moroccan-Belgian actor, perhaps best known for his role as Tong Po in the 1989 martial arts film Kickboxer.	Michel Qissi	actor
occupation	Philip Southern is a freelance prize-winning photographer from Warren, Michigan.	Philip Southern	photographer
occupation	Estienne Grossin (or Grossim) (fl. 1418--1421) was a French composer of the late Medieval era and early Renaissance, active in Paris.	Estienne Grossin	composer
occupation	Eliécer Cárdenas Espinosa (Cañar, December 10, 1950) is an Ecuadorian novelist.	Eliécer Cárdenas	novelist
occupation	Théodore Jean Arcand, LL.D. (born June 25, 1934 in Bonnyville, Alberta, Canada) is a former Canadian diplomat.	Théodore Jean Arcand	diplomat
occupation	Virginia Haviland (May 21, 1911 -- January 6, 1988) was an American librarian and writer who became an international authority in children's literature.	Virginia Haviland	librarian	writer
occupation	Carmen Hermosillo (died August 10, 2008), A.K.A. humdog, was a community manager/research analyst, essayist, and poet.	Carmen Hermosillo	poet
occupation	Wace is the earliest known Jersey writer.	Wace	writer
occupation	Mantreswara was a Hindu astrologer whose work, Phaladeepika, written in Sanskrit verse-format, is a major text on Hindu astrology ranked alongside Bṛhat Parāśara Horāśāstra of Parashara, Brihat Jataka of Varahamihira, and Jataka Parijata of Vaidyanatha Dikshita.	Mantreswara	astrologer
occupation	Cliff Dorfman is an American screenwriter, film director and actor best known for his work on HBO's Entourage and the 2011 feature film Warrior.	Cliff Dorfman	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Kelly Sheehan (born July 26, 1983), also known as ``Madame Buttons'', is a songwriter and recording engineer from Los Angeles.	Kelly Sheehan	songwriter
occupation	Herbert Paul Grice (March 13, 1913 -- August 28, 1988), usually publishing under the name H. P. Grice, H. Paul Grice, or Paul Grice, was a British philosopher of language, who spent the final two decades of his career in the United States.	Paul Grice	philosopher
occupation	Mel Atkey (born June 16, 1958 in Ladner, British Columbia) is a Canadian-born, English-emigrated musical theatre composer and lyricist.	Mel Atkey	composer
occupation	Matteo Marchisano-Adamo (born February 19, 1973) is an American sound designer, film editor, composer.	Matteo Marchisano-Adamo	composer
occupation	Shanti Thatal (Nepali: शान्ति ठटाल) is a Nepali music composer and singer.	Shanti Thatal	composer
occupation	Clifford Bañagale is a Philippine-U.S. actor who is best known for his role as Diesel, Sacha Baron Cohen's boyfriend in the movie Brüno.	Clifford Bañagale	actor
occupation	Manuel G. Posadas was an Afro-Argentine musician, journalist and Argentine soldier in the nineteenth century.	Manuel G. Posadas	journalist
occupation	Shirley Silvey (December 5, 1927 -- July 17, 2010) was an American animator, whose credits included Mr. Magoo, The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show, Dudley Do-Right Show and George of the Jungle.	Shirley Silvey	animator
occupation	Ed Kerns (February 22, 1945) is an American abstract artist and educator.	Ed Kerns	artist
occupation	The Master of the Registrum Gregorii, also known as the Registrum Master or the Gregory Master, was an anonymous tenth-century scribe and illuminator, active in Trier during the episcopate of Egbert of Trier.	Master of the Registrum Gregorii	illuminator
occupation	Dr. István Ács (born September 18, 1928) is a Hungarian jurist and politician, who served as the last Chairman of the Council of Debrecen between October 11, 1966 and December 31, 1989.	István Ács	politician
occupation	Samir D. Mathur is a theoretical physicist who specializes in string theory and black hole physics.	Samir D. Mathur	physicist
occupation	Charles Kittel (born July 18, 1916 in New York) is an American physicist.	Charles Kittel	physicist
occupation	Jenna von Oÿ (born May 2, 1977) is an American actress and country music singer.	Jenna von Oÿ	singer
occupation	Tiziano Vecelli or Tiziano Vecellio (pronounced (titˈtsjaːno veˈtʃɛlljo); c. 1488/1490 -- 27 August 1576), known in English as Titian /ˈtɪʃən/, was an Italian painter, the most important member of the 16th-century Venetian school.	Titian	painter
occupation	John of Jandun (French Jean de Jandun, Johannes von Jandun, or Johannes de Janduno, circa 1285--1323) was a French philosopher, theologian, and political writer.	John of Jandun	philosopher	theologian	writer
occupation	John Malachi (September 6, 1919 -- February 11, 1987) was an American jazz pianist.	John Malachi	pianist
occupation	Marco Gonthier is a Canadian darts player who participated in many Quebec and Halifax Opens.	Marco Gonthier	darts player
occupation	Musa Sukwene is a South African singer who won the ninth season of Idols South Africa in 2013.	Musa Sukwene	singer
occupation	Diane Falkenhagen is an American artist metalsmith living and working in Texas.	Diane Falkenhagen	artist
occupation	Augustus John Rush M.D. (born December 15, 1942) is an internationally renowned psychiatrist.	Augustus John Rush	psychiatrist
occupation	Jack Moline (born August 10, 1952) is an American Conservative rabbi who has served as Executive Director of Interfaith Alliance since January 2015.	Jack Moline	rabbi
occupation	Leon Jessel, or Léon Jessel (January 22, 1871 -- January 4, 1942) was a German composer of operettas and light classical music pieces.	Leon Jessel	composer
occupation	Rosario La Mastra (1 February 1984) is an Italian sprinter.	Rosario La Mastra	sprinter
occupation	Bogs are sometimes a popular setting for plays that take place in northern parts of the world such as Ireland and Scotland, like in the play By the Bog of Cats by author Marina Carr.	Marina Carr	author
occupation	Prof. Dr. Dieter Fenske is a German inorganic chemist.	Dieter Fenske	chemist
occupation	Bart Carlton was an American standout college basketball player at Ada Teachers College (later named East Central University) in Ada, Oklahoma during the early 1930s.	Bart Carlton	basketball player
occupation	Joseph P. Mawra was an American film director and scriptwriter.	Joseph P. Mawra	film director
occupation	Walter Dröscher is a physicist who worked at the Austrian Patent office (Österreichisches Patentamt).	Walter Dröscher	physicist
occupation	Paolo Barzman (born April 9, 1957) is a Canadian film, television director, and television writer.	Paolo Barzman	writer
occupation	Florence Knoll Bassett (born May 24, 1917) is an American architect and furniture designer who studied under Mies van der Rohe and Eliel Saarinen.	Florence Knoll	architect
occupation	Abd ol-Baghi Tabrizi (Persian: عبدالباقی تبریزی‎‎) was a prominent Iranian calligrapher during the reign of Safavid dynasty.	Abd ol-Baghi Tabrizi	calligrapher
occupation	Edgar Daniel Nixon, Jr. (August 1, 1928 -- February 28, 2011), better known by his stage name Nick LaTour, was an American television, film, and stage actor.	Nick LaTour	actor
occupation	Ray Billingsley (born July 25, 1957) is an American cartoonist, the creator of the comic strip Curtis, which is distributed by King Features Syndicate and printed in more than 250 newspapers nationwide.	Ray Billingsley	cartoonist
occupation	Durga Prasad Dhar (1918--1975) was a prominent Kashmiri politician and an Indian diplomat who was a confidant of Indira Gandhi.	Durga Prasad Dhar	diplomat
occupation	Thomas John Bisika is a social demographer and public health specialist, diplomat, and health systems specialist at World Health Organization in Nigeria.	Thomas John Bisika	demographer
occupation	Carol Montag is an American folk singer-songwriter, who was born in Ames, Iowa, United States.	Carol Montag	singer-songwriter
occupation	Quintus Sulpicius Camerinus was a Roman statesman and poet who served as Consul in AD 9.	Quintus Sulpicius Camerinus	poet
occupation	As a journalist, Dean Kalimniou is popular within the Greek community of Australia through his column in the Melbourne Greek newspaper Neos Kosmos (New World), entitled Diatribe, which has been running since 2001, and as a regular columnist in OPA! magazine.	Dean Kalimniou	journalist
occupation	Guglielmo Papaleo (September 19, 1922 -- November 23, 2006) was an American professional boxer, better known as Willie Pep who held the World Featherweight championship twice between the years of 1947 and 1950.	Willie Pep	boxer
occupation	Antoni ``Antek'' Cierplikowski (1884 -- 1976) was a Polish hairdresser who became the world's first celebrity hairdresser when he opened the salon Antoine de Paris in Paris and became known as Monsieur Antoine.	Antoine de Paris	hairdresser
occupation	Ervin Bauer (October 19, 1890, Levoča -- January 11, 1938 Leningrad) was a Hungarian biologist.	Ervin Bauer	biologist
occupation	Jan Fryling (born October 8, 1891 in Lwów, died March 3, 1977 in New York City) was a Polish diplomat, writer, journalist and president of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America in the years 1972-1977.	Jan Fryling	journalist
occupation	John B. Hoge (February 2, 1825 -- March 1, 1896) was a journalist, lawyer, and Democratic politician who served as a United States Representative from West Virginia.	John B. Hoge	lawyer	politician
occupation	Klaus Ebner (b. August 8, 1964) is an Austrian writer, essayist, poet, and translator.	Klaus Ebner	writer	translator
occupation	Len Janson is an American animator, writer and director whose career in animated cartoons and live-action motion pictures spanned several decades beginning in the 1960s.	Len Janson	animator
occupation	Joseph Grinnell (1877--1939) was an American field biologist and zoologist.	Joseph Grinnell	zoologist
occupation	Hartmut Esslinger (born June 5, 1944) is a German-American industrial designer and inventor.	Hartmut Esslinger	designer
occupation	George Tabori (May 24, 1914 -- July 23, 2007) was a Hungarian writer and theater director.	George Tabori	writer
occupation	Stathis Giallelis (Greek: Στάθης Γιαλελής; born January 21, 1941) is a Greek actor.	Stathis Giallelis	actor
occupation	Fannie Hurst (October 19, 1885, -- February 23, 1968) was an American novelist.	Fannie Hurst	novelist
occupation	Luc Donckerwolke, (born June 19, 1965) is a Belgian car designer for Hyundai's Genesis luxury brand and former Design Director of Volkswagen Group's Bentley, Lamborghini and Audi.	Luc Donckerwolke	designer
occupation	Daljeet Singh (born 14 October 1995) is a Hong Kong-born cricketer T20 cricketer who plays for the Hong Kong national cricket team.	Daljeet Singh	cricketer
occupation	Harry Langley was an architect of the National Park Service.	Harry Langley	architect
occupation	Johanna Knoll is a retired German rower who won a bronze medal in the quad sculls at the 1957 European Championships.	Johanna Knoll	rower
occupation	Joe Douglas (born 1983) is a British theatre director, playwright and performer based in Scotland.	Joe Douglas	theatre director
occupation	Rev Alexander McCaul (May 16, 1799 -- November 13, 1863) was an Irish Hebraist and missionary to the Jews.	Alexander McCaul	missionary
occupation	Sabina Hafner (sometimes misspelled Sabrina Hafner, born May 10, 1984) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed from 2003 to 2012.	Sabina Hafner	bobsledder
occupation	Lewis Perdue (born 1949 at Greenwood, Mississippi) is the author of 20 published books including Daughter of God, and The Da Vinci Legacy.	Lewis Perdue	author
occupation	Lynn Miles (born Sweetsburg, Quebec) is a Canadian singer-songwriter.	Lynn Miles	singer
occupation	Marcia Young (née Williams) is a Canadian broadcast journalist and host of World Report, a national current events program on CBC Radio.	Marcia Young	journalist
occupation	Elmer Dyer, A.S.C. (August 24, 1892 -- February 8, 1970) was an American cinematographer, the first film cameraman to specialize in aerial photography.	Elmer Dyer	cinematographer
occupation	Li Yuchun (Chinese: 李宇春; pinyin: Lǐ Yǔchūn), also known as Chris Lee, is a Chinese pop singer and actress who achieved fame when she won the nationwide singing contest Super Girl in 2005.	Li Yuchun	singer
occupation	Robert Klein (born February 8, 1942) is an American stand-up comedian, singer and actor.	Robert Klein	singer	actor
occupation	John Duane Park (born Preston, Connecticut, April 26, 1819; died Norwich, Connecticut, August 4, 1896) was a lawyer, judge, and Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court.	John Duane Park	lawyer
occupation	Terry Deglau is the portrait photographer chosen by the United Nations to take the group photo of the world's leaders at the 2000 United Nations Millennium Project in New York.	Terry Deglau	photographer
occupation	Emily Williams (born 8 October 1984) is a New Zealand-born Australian singer and songwriter, who rose to fame on the third season of Australian Idol in 2005, and became runner-up of the season.	Emily Williams	singer
occupation	Benjamin A. Rogge (June 18, 1920 -- November 17, 1980) was an American economist, college administrator, and libertarian writer, speaker and foundation advisor.	Benjamin A. Rogge	economist
occupation	Ann Fienup-Riordan (born 1948) is an American cultural anthropologist known for her work with Yup'ik Eskimo peoples of western Alaska, particularly on Nelson Island and the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta.	Ann Fienup-Riordan	anthropologist
occupation	Ira Block (born 1949, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American photographer.	Ira Block	photographer
occupation	Vicente Carattini (November 11, 1939 -- November 7, 2005), was a singer and composer of Puerto Rican Christmas related songs.	Vicente Carattini	singer	composer
occupation	Pentti Oskari Kangas (born May 20, 1943) is a Finnish singer popularized by a cover of the Rod Stewart song ``Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?'' featuring Seitsemän seinähullua veljestä.	Pentti Oskari Kangas	singer
occupation	Nell I. Mondy (October 27, 1921 - August 25, 2005) was an American biochemist known for her expertise regarding the potato.	Nell I. Mondy	biochemist
occupation	Patrick Schmit (born 1 November 1974) is a Luxembourgish retired competitive figure skater.	Patrick Schmit	figure skater
occupation	Angela McCluskey is a Scottish singer-songwriter based in California.	Angela McCluskey	singer
occupation	Monica Lewis (born May Lewis; May 5, 1922 -- June 12, 2015) was an American jazz singer and film actress.	Monica Lewis	singer
occupation	Conny Czymoch is a German journalist, television moderator, media coach and conference facilitator.	Conny Czymoch	journalist
occupation	Qushawan Farrar (born June 18, 1989), better known by his stage name Deniro Farrar, is a rapper from Charlotte, North Carolina.	Deniro Farrar	rapper
occupation	Ophelia Alcantara Dimalanta (June 16, 1932 -- November 4, 2010) was a poet, editor, author, and teacher.	Ophelia Alcantara Dimalanta	poet
occupation	Jana McCall is an American singer-songwriter and visual artist from the Pacific Northwest.	Jana McCall	singer-songwriter
occupation	Slim Willet (Winston Lee Moore, December 1, 1919, Dublin, Texas -- July 1, 1966) was an American disc jockey, musician, and songwriter.	Slim Willet	musician	songwriter
occupation	Chris Davidson is a professional surfer, having won several gold medals.	Chris Davidson	surfer
occupation	Emma-Jayne Wilson (born September 1, 1981) is a Sovereign and Eclipse Award-winning jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.	Emma-Jayne Wilson	jockey
occupation	Kathleen Sharp is an American author and award-winning journalist.	Kathleen Sharp	journalist
occupation	Rico Puestel, also known as Dinamoe, Elco and Central Scrutinizer, is a German record producer, live-act, DJ and labelowner.	Rico Puestel	record producer
occupation	Abdel Rahman El Bacha (Arabic: عبد الرحمن الباشا‎, born October 23, 1958) is a Lebanese pianist and composer.	Abdel Rahman El Bacha	pianist	composer
occupation	Robert Milligan McLane (June 23, 1815 -- April 16, 1898) was an American politician, military officer, and diplomat.	Robert Milligan McLane	politician	diplomat
occupation	Lillian Fuchs (November 18, 1901 -- October 5, 1995), an American violist, teacher and composer, is considered to be among the finest instrumentalists of her time.	Lillian Fuchs	composer
occupation	Shoshanna Lonstein Gruss (born May 29, 1975) is an American fashion designer and the founder and creative director of the fashion label Shoshanna, which was launched in 1998.	Shoshanna Lonstein Gruss	fashion designer
occupation	Shanice Lorraine Wilson-Knox (born May 14, 1973), better known as Shanice, is a Grammy-nominated American R&B/pop-rock singer, songwriter, and actress.	Shanice	singer, songwriter
occupation	Stelios Mainas (Greek: Στέλιος Μάινας; born October 1, 1957 in Ermoupoli, Syros) is a Greek actor.	Stelios Mainas	actor
occupation	Lincoln Clark (August 9, 1800 -- September 16, 1886) was a lawyer and one-term Democratic U.S. Representative from Iowa's 2nd congressional district.	Lincoln Clark	lawyer
occupation	Dr. Hugh E. Scully is a Canadian surgeon involved with motorsport.	Hugh E. Scully	surgeon
occupation	Johnny Khamis is an American politician from San Jose, California and a current member of the San Jose City Council, representing District 10.	Johnny Khamis	politician
occupation	Patric Caird is a film and television composer and musician.	Patric Caird	composer
occupation	His father is a karaoke singer and as the crowds at the karaoke bars in the small fishing villages they were touring had problems pronouncing his name they came to call him Mugison.	Mugison	singer
occupation	Finis J. Garrett (August 26, 1875 - May 25, 1956) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 9th congressional district of Tennessee.	Finis J. Garrett	politician
occupation	Tuck Langland is a sculptor who lives in Granger, Indiana.	Tuck Langland	sculptor
occupation	Jay Santos is a Colombian vocalist and singer of electro house dance music and reggaeton.	Jay Santos	singer
occupation	Carlos Rangel (1929--1988) was a Venezuelan writer, a liberal, journalist and diplomat.	Carlos Rangel	journalist	diplomat
occupation	Keith Glover FRS, FREng, FIEEE is a British electrical engineer.	Keith Glover	engineer
occupation	Richard St. Clair (born September 21, 1946) is an American composer, pedagogue, and pianist.	Richard St. Clair	composer
occupation	Yvette Devereaux is an American violinist, conductor and Director at the South Pasadena Music Center and Conservatory in Pasadena, California.	Yvette Devereaux	conductor
occupation	Crantor (Greek: Κράντωρ, gen.: Κράντορος; died 276/5 BC) was a Greek philosopher, of the Old Academy, probably born around the middle of the 4th century BC, at Soli in Cilicia.	Crantor	philosopher
occupation	Apa Saheb Bala Saheb Pant, also known as Apa Pant, was an Indian Prince (the son of the tenth ruler of the Aundh State), gandhian, writer, freedom fighter and diplomat.	Apa Saheb Bala Saheb Pant	diplomat
occupation	Elizabeth Brown Pryor (March 15, 1951 -- April 13, 2015) was an American diplomat and historian.	Elizabeth Brown Pryor	diplomat	historian
occupation	Daniel Lentz (born March 10, 1942, Latrobe, Pennsylvania) is a classical electronic music composer.	Daniel Lentz	composer
occupation	Elise Cavanna (January 30, 1902 -- May 12, 1963) was an American film actress, stage comedian, dancer, and artist.	Elise Cavanna	dancer
occupation	James Keach (born December 7, 1947) is an American actor, producer, and director.	James Keach	actor
occupation	Pekka T. Lehtinen is a Finnish arachnologist and taxonomist.	Pekka T. Lehtinen	arachnologist
occupation	Garrett Backstrom (born October 25, 1995) is an American actor, best known for his roles as Vincent Liotta in the Disney hit show Jessie and Ethan in Disney XD's Lab Rats.	Garrett Backstrom	actor
occupation	Rik Barnett (born 20 March 1990) is an English actor, and the 2010 winner of the best supporting actor award from Ibiza International Film Festival, for his work in Rebels Without a Clue.	Rik Barnett	actor
occupation	Daniel Brummel (born September 15, 1981 in Pasadena, California) is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer who has performed and recorded with the musical groups Sanglorians, Ozma, Weezer, Scott & Rivers, Spain, Gowns, Monstro, and The Elected.	Daniel Brummel	singer
occupation	Aeneas of Gaza (d. c. 518) was a Neo-Platonic philosopher, a convert to Christianity, who flourished towards the end of the fifth century.	Aeneas of Gaza	philosopher
occupation	Henry H. Holt (March 27, 1831 -- 1898) was a politician from the U. S. state of Michigan.	Henry H. Holt	politician
occupation	Levan Mikeladze (Georgian: ლევან მიქელაძე) (February 26, 1957 -- April 26, 2009) was a Georgian diplomat and politician.	Levan Mikeladze	diplomat
occupation	Lucien Southard (1827, Sharon, Vermont - 1881, Augusta, Georgia) was an American conductor, who directed concerts at the Peabody Institute following the tenure of James Monroe Deems.	Lucien Southard	conductor
occupation	Cecilio Salazar maternal surname Caceres (born December 9, 1954) is an Argentine trade unionist and politician.	Cecilio Salazar	trade unionist	politician
occupation	Jonathan Gruber, more commonly known as J. Mackye Gruber, is an American screenwriter and film director, probably best known for co-writing Final Destination 2 and co-writing and co-directing The Butterfly Effect.	J. Mackye Gruber	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Eva Ritvo is an American television and radio personality, author, and psychiatrist most noted for her work on women's empowerment issues and self-help books.	Eva Ritvo	psychiatrist
occupation	Jesús Gardea Rocha (July 2, 1939 -- March 12, 2000) was a Mexican writer of fiction and short fiction.	Jesús Gardea	writer
occupation	David Andrew Roy White, also known as David A. R. White (born May 12, 1970), is an American actor, screenwriter and producer.	David A. R. White	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Kenya D. Williamson is an American novelist, short fiction author, screenwriter and actress.	Kenya D. Williamson	novelist
occupation	Antonino Tringali-Casanova (April 11, 1888 - October 30, 1943) was an Italian politician who served under Benito Mussolini in the Italian Social Republic.	Antonino Tringali-Casanova	politician
occupation	Farhad Darya Nashir (Pashto: فرهاد دریا‎; Persian: فرهاد دریا‎‎; born September 22, 1962) is an Afghan singer, composer and music producer.	Farhad Darya	singer	composer
occupation	Allan Rowe (October 16, 1956 -- March 16, 2015) was a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in the 2013 provincial election.	Allan Rowe	politician
occupation	Henry Deringer (October 26, 1786 -- February 28, 1868) was an American gunsmith.	Henry Deringer	gunsmith
occupation	Alis ferch Gruffudd ab Ieuan ap Llywelyn Fychan or Alis Wen (``Alice the White''; c. 1520--?) was a poet who wrote in Welsh.	Alis Wen	poet
occupation	Robert Edwin Lee (October 15, 1918 -- July 8, 1994) was an American playwright and lyricist.	Robert Edwin Lee	playwright
occupation	George Francisco is an American chef based in Sunshine Coast Region, Australia.	George Francisco	chef
occupation	Franklin J. Dickman (August 28, 1828 - February 12, 1908) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was in the Ohio House of Representatives and was an Ohio Supreme Court Judge 1886--1895.	Franklin J. Dickman	politician
occupation	Shire Jama Ahmed (Somali: Shire Jaamac Axmed, Arabic: شيري جامع أحمد‎) was a Somali linguist who is credited with having devised a unique Latin script for transcribing the Somali language.	Shire Jama Ahmed	linguist
occupation	Andrea Hirata (born 24 Oktober 1967) is an Indonesian author best known for the 2005 novel Laskar Pelangi (The Rainbow Troops) and its sequels.	Andrea Hirata	author
occupation	Roy Rubin (December 9, 1925 -- August 5, 2013) was a former college and professional basketball coach.	Roy Rubin	basketball coach
occupation	Fray Jacobo de Testera or Jacobo de Tastera was a Franciscan Friar of the 16th century who worked as a missionary to the indigenous peoples of New Spain.	Jacobo de Testera	missionary
occupation	Iamblichus, also known as Iamblichus Chalcidensis, or Iamblichus of Apamea (Greek: Ἰάμβλιχος, probably from Syriac or Aramaic ya-mlku, ``He is king''; c. 245 -- c. 325 AD), was a Syrian Neoplatonist philosopher who determined the direction taken by later Neoplatonic philosophy.	Iamblichus	philosopher
occupation	Alan Abelson (October 12, 1925 -- May 9, 2013) was a veteran financial journalist, and longtime writer of the influential Up and Down Wall Street column in Barron's Magazine.	Alan Abelson	journalist
occupation	Morris Llewellyn Cooke (May 11, 1872- March 5, 1960) was an influential American engineer, best known for his work on Scientific Management and Rural Electrification.	Morris Llewellyn Cooke	engineer
occupation	Mohammad Modabber (died in 1966) was an Iranian painter, he was one of the developers of ``Coffee Shop Painting``.	Mohammad Modabber	painter
occupation	Luigi Maggi (December 21, 1867 -- August 22, 1946) was an Italian actor and film director who worked prolifically during the silent era.	Luigi Maggi	actor	film director
occupation	John Higgins Wallace, Jr. (August 3, 1906 -- March 22, 1989) was the research chemist at Carter-Wallace that formulated Arrid deodorant in 1935.	John Higgins Wallace, Jr.	chemist
occupation	Joseph Sheard (1813--1883) was an English architect and politician.	Joseph Sheard	architect	politician
occupation	Waman Dattatreya Patwardhan (January 30, 1917 - July 27, 2007) was an Indian nuclear chemist, defence scientist and an expert in the science of Explosives engineering.	Waman Dattatreya Patwardhan	chemist
occupation	Calvin Leavy (April 20, 1940 -- June 6, 2010) was an African American soul blues and electric blues singer and guitarist.	Calvin Leavy	singer
occupation	Richard S. Williams was an American merchant, banker and politician from New York.	Richard S. Williams	politician
occupation	The Pan Painter was an ancient Greek vase-painter of the Attic red-figure style, active ca.	Pan Painter	vase-painter
occupation	Morgan Saginaw Grant (born July 20, 1936), known professionally as Saginaw Grant, is a Native American actor, dancer, and motivational speaker.	Saginaw Grant	actor
occupation	Professor Patrice Mangin is a widely published forensic pathologist and toxicologist, director of the University Center of Legal Medicine in Lausanne and Geneva, Switzerland.	Patrice Mangin	pathologist
occupation	Ila Borders (born February 18, 1975), is a former left-handed pitcher in college and independent professional baseball player.	Ila Borders	baseball player
occupation	Phil Colclough (born 1940) is an English contemporary folk singer and songwriter.	Phil Colclough	singer and songwriter
occupation	Dante Henderson (sometimes credited as Dante Lamar Henderson) is a singer, songwriter, dancer, choreographer, model and actor.	Dante Henderson	singer, songwriter
occupation	Walter Attewell (29 January 1865 -- 3 January 1919) was an English cricketer active in first-class cricket in the 1890s, making five appearances for four different teams.	Walter Attewell	cricketer
occupation	Shane Andre Mosley (born September 7, 1971), often known as ``Sugar'' Shane Mosley, is an American professional boxer.	Shane Mosley	boxer
occupation	Costas Ferris (Greek: Κώστας Φέρρης; born 18 April 1935) is a Greek film director, writer, actor, and producer.	Costas Ferris	film director
occupation	Abraham of Armenia was an Armenian priest and a disciple of the Leontine martyrs.	Abraham of Armenia	priest
occupation	P. Venkat Rangan is an Indian computer scientist.	Venkat Rangan	computer scientist
occupation	Dave Freer is an Australian science fiction author writing mostly humorous or alternate history novels.	Dave Freer	author
occupation	Appius Nicomachus Dexter (floruit before 432) was a politician of the Western Roman Empire.	Appius Nicomachus Dexter	politician
occupation	Cory Wells (born Emil Lewandowski; February 5, 1941 -- October 20, 2015) was an American singer, best known as one of the three lead vocalists in the band Three Dog Night.	Cory Wells	singer
occupation	Jophen Stein is a painter from Pomona, whose works often contain surreal, cartoon-like images centered on unusual themes such as the Space Race, the Periodic Table, or the Freemasons in the style of Lowbrow (art movement) art or Pop Surrealism.	Jophen Stein	painter
occupation	Orsolya Tompa (born July 14, 1991 in Budapest) is a Hungarian swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events.	Orsolya Tompa	swimmer
occupation	Tiffany Joh (born December 8, 1986) is an American professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour and on the Symetra Tour.	Tiffany Joh	golfer
occupation	Hein van der Heijden (born July 11, 1958 Heerlen) is a Dutch stage, television and film actor.	Hein van der Heijden	actor
occupation	Andrew Lippa (December 22, 1964) is an American composer, lyricist, book writer, performer, and producer.	Andrew Lippa	composer
occupation	Angela Warnick Buchdahl (born Angela Lee Warnick; 1972) is an American rabbi.	Angela Warnick Buchdahl	rabbi
occupation	Ellery Albee Hibbard (July 31, 1826 -- July 24, 1903) was an American politician, a lawyer, a judge, and a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire.	Ellery Albee Hibbard	politician	lawyer
occupation	Karl Enderlin (born August 1, 1923, died November 11, 2004 in Zürich) was a Swiss figure skater.	Karl Enderlin	figure skater
occupation	Numan Acar (born 1974) is a Turkish-born German actor and film producer.	Numan Acar	actor
occupation	Phillip Walker (February 11, 1937 -- July 22, 2010) was an American electric blues guitarist, most noted for his 1959 hit single, ``Hello My Darling'', produced by J. R. Fulbright.	Phillip Walker	guitarist
occupation	Gaetano Pesce (born 1939) is an Italian architect and a leading figure in contemporary industrial design.	Gaetano Pesce	architect
occupation	Lizz Winstead (born August 5, 1961) is an American comedian, radio, and television personality, and blogger.	Lizz Winstead	comedian
occupation	Kweku Baako Jnr is a Ghanaian journalist and the editor-in-chief of the New Crusading Guide newspaper.	Kweku Baako Jnr	journalist
occupation	James Mark Pittman (October 25, 1957 - November 25, 2009) was a financial journalist covering corporate finance and derivative markets.	Mark Pittman	journalist
occupation	Rachel Fury is the stage name of Rachel Brennock, an English singer songwriter and actress most known for performing with Pink Floyd on tour from 1987 to 1989.	Rachel Fury	singer
occupation	Frederick Crabtree (10 March 1867 -- 28 November 1893) was an English cricketer active in 1890 who played for Lancashire.	Frederick Crabtree	cricketer
occupation	Nicolaus Vernulaeus (1583--1649) was a professor at the University of Leuven and an important Neo-Latin playwright.	Nicolaus Vernulaeus	playwright
occupation	Myrtle Reed (September 27, 1874 -- August 17, 1911) was an American author, poet, journalist, and philanthropist, the daughter of author Elizabeth Armstrong Reed and the preacher Hiram von Reed.	Myrtle Reed	author
occupation	Tim Wendel (born 1956) is a Philadelphia-born American writer whose works have appeared in many newspapers and magazines such as the National Geographic Traveler, The New York Times, both the Huffington Post and Washington Post among others.	Tim Wendel	writer
occupation	David Mazouz (/dəˈviːd məˈzuːz/; born February 19, 2001) is an American actor.	David Mazouz	actor
occupation	Eszter Balint is a singer, songwriter, violinist, and actress.	Eszter Balint	singer
occupation	Manuel Turrillas is also the composer of the popular song that runners sing, newspaper in hand, before the worldwide famous running of the bulls of the festival of San Fermín, a celebration hold in the city of Pamplona.	Manuel Turrillas	composer
occupation	Samuel Milligan (November 16, 1814 -- April 20, 1874) was an American attorney who served as a judge of the United States Court of Claims from 1868 to 1874, and Justice of the Tennessee Supreme Court during the 1860s.	Samuel Milligan	judge
occupation	At the age of 18, following private study with Cecil Walter Hay of Shrewsbury, the conductor of the Whitchurch choral society, German entered the Royal Academy of Music, where he eventually changed his name to J. E. German (and later simply Edward German) to avoid confusion with another student named Edward Jones.	Edward German	conductor
occupation	Tennis Krishna is a popular Kannada actor and comedian.	Tennis Krishna	actor
occupation	Jürg Tanner (born August 7, 1953) is a Swiss curler and former World Champion.	Jürg Tanner	curler
occupation	Mundakkal Mathew Jacob, popularly known as M. M. Jacob, is an Indian politician.	M. M. Jacob	politician
occupation	Fraser Kelly is a retired Canadian journalist, broadcaster and corporate executive.	Fraser Kelly	journalist
occupation	Neely Edwards (born Cornelius Limbach; September 16, 1883 -- July 10, 1965) was an American vaudeville performer and film actor.	Neely Edwards	actor
occupation	Konstantin Buga (born June 17, 1985 in Atbasar, Kazakhstan) is a German amateur boxer best known for qualifying for the 2008 Olympics as a middleweight.	Konstantin Buga	boxer
occupation	John Cannizzaro Jr. (born 1943), better known as John Canemaker, is an independent animator, animation historian, author, teacher and lecturer.	John Canemaker	animator
occupation	Reginald Beck (1902--1992) was a British film editor with forty-nine credits from 1932 to 1985.	Reginald Beck	film editor
occupation	Peter Eure or Evers (ca. 1549-1612), of London and Washingborough, Lincolnshire, was an English politician.	Peter Eure	politician
occupation	Renner Wunderlich (born May 5, 1947) is an American film producer/film director known for his work in documentary film.	Renner Wunderlich	film director
occupation	Louisa May Alcott (/ˈɔːlkət, -kɒt/; November 29, 1832 -- March 6, 1888) was an American novelist and poet best known as the author of the novel Little Women (1868) and its sequels Little Men (1871) and Jo's Boys (1886).	Louisa May Alcott	novelist	poet
occupation	Arthur Alan Wolk (born October 25, 1943) is an American attorney and author.	Arthur Alan Wolk	author
occupation	Jonathan Wills is a British journalist currently employed by ITV Anglia.	Jonathan Wills	journalist
occupation	Isabel Schnabel (née Gödde, born 9 August 1971) is a German economist.	Isabel Schnabel	economist
occupation	Christian Erickson is an American actor and voice actor currently living in Paris, France.	Christian Erickson	voice actor
occupation	Paul Clarkson is an English actor, theatre director and teacher.	Paul Clarkson	theatre director
occupation	Nachman Kahana (Also spelled Kahane) (Hebrew: רב נחמן בן רב יחזקאל שרגא כהנא‎) is an Israeli rabbi.	Nachman Kahana	rabbi
occupation	Joel Daly (born August 21, 1934) is an American former news presenter.	Joel Daly	news presenter
occupation	Stephanie Heinrich (born November 13, 1979) is an American model and actress, known for her appearances in Playboy magazine.	Stephanie Heinrich	model
occupation	Marvin Bell (born August 3, 1937 in New York City) is an American poet and teacher who was the first Poet Laureate of the state of Iowa.	Marvin Bell	poet
occupation	Brigitte Rintisch is a retired German rower who won two gold, two silver and one bronze medals at the European championships of 1961--1966.	Brigitte Rintisch	rower
occupation	Adrian Holdstock (born April 27, 1970) is a South African former cricketer who is now a cricket umpire.	Adrian Holdstock	cricketer	cricket umpire
occupation	John Rosworm or Rosworme (fl. 1630 -- 1660) was a Dutch or German soldier and military engineer who served the Parliamentarian cause during the English Civil War.	John Rosworm	engineer
occupation	Erastus Corning 2nd (October 7, 1909 -- May 28, 1983) was an American politician.	Erastus Corning 2nd	politician
occupation	Álvaro Mutis Jaramillo (August 25, 1923 -- September 22, 2013) was a Colombian poet, novelist, and essayist and author of the compendium The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll.	Álvaro Mutis	poet	novelist
occupation	Gabriel Denwang Wangsu is an Indian politician and journalist.	Gabriel Denwang Wangsu	politician
occupation	Fleury Linossier was a water color painter born in 1902 near Paris.	Fleury Linossier	painter
occupation	Greg Blaney is an Irish former dual player who played Gaelic football and hurling for Down in the 1980s and 1990s.He was one of the all time greats both tough and classy as a hurler and footballer.He was a tough man and a truly great dual player.	Greg Blaney	hurler
occupation	Gundaris Pone (October 17, 1932 -- March 15, 1994) was a Latvian-American composer of contemporary classical music, conductor, and professor.	Gundaris Pone	composer	conductor
original network	Magpakailanman (English: Forevermore) is a weekly anthology of inspiring stories of the GMA Network aired every Saturday Magpakailanman features the life experiences of famous personalities and ordinary people who loved and lost on their way to success.	Magpakailanman	GMA Network
original network	Inside Opinion is a business news talk show aired on CNBC until c. 1998.	Inside Opinion	CNBC
original network	Miracle in Lane 2 is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Frankie Muniz, Rick Rossovich, Molly Hagan, and Patrick Levis.	Miracle in Lane 2	Disney Channel
original network	A Gift to Last is a CBC Television Christmas special broadcast in 1976, a subsequent family drama series that ran from 1978--1979, and a stage play based on the pilot episode.	A Gift to Last	CBC Television
original network	A single episode of Hugh and I was adapted for radio by the BBC and was broadcast on 13 June 1963.	Hugh and I	BBC
parent taxon	Minerva owl butterfly is the common name for the butterfly species Opsiphanes blythekitzmillerae.	Minerva owl butterfly	Opsiphanes
parent taxon	Hydnangium is a genus of truffle-like fungi in the family Hydnangiaceae.	Hydnangium	Hydnangiaceae
parent taxon	Currently two solutions prevail, either placing Pristimantis in the family Strabomantidae, subfamily Strabomantinae, or in Craugastoridae, subfamily Ceuthomantinae.	Pristimantis	Strabomantinae
parent taxon	Zelippistes is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Capulidae, the cap snails.	Zelippistes	Capulidae
parent taxon	Leptosiphon grandiflorus (syn. Linanthus grandiflorus) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name large-flower linanthus.	Leptosiphon grandiflorus	Linanthus
participant of	Peter Mesiarik (born 8 December 1963 in Myjava) is a Slovak former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Peter Mesiarik	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Claude Viens (born April 29, 1949 in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec) was a former Canadian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Claude Viens	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Park Chul-sung (born 21 November 1955) is a South Korean sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Park Chul-sung	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yevheniya Tovstohan (Ukrainian: Євгенія Товстоган, born April 3, 1965) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Yevheniya Tovstohan	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jago Mikulic is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia who competed in the 1976 Summer Paralympics as a classified ``A'' athlete in the Men's 60 m, Long Jump, Shot Put, Pentathlon and Javelin.	Jago Mikulic	1976 Summer Paralympics
place of birth	Luigi Palma di Cesnola (July 29, 1832 -- November 20, 1904), an Italian-American soldier, diplomat and amateur archaeologist, was born in Rivarolo Canavese, near Turin.	Luigi Palma di Cesnola	Rivarolo Canavese
place of birth	Lev Shekhtman received his earliest theatrical education at the local children's theater in his native city of Chernivtsi (Ukraine), under the supervision of the Merited Artist of Ukraine V. V. Bespoletova (В.В. Бесполётова).	Lev Shekhtman	Chernivtsi
place of birth	Valter Heuer graduated from University of Tartu with a degree in Estonian philology.	Valter Heuer	Tartu
place of birth	Saint Patricia of Naples (or Patricia of Constantinople) (Italian: Santa Patrizia) (died ca. 665 AD) is an Italian virgin martyr and saint.	Patricia of Naples	Constantinople
place of birth	Auguste Daumain (31 July 1877 in Selles-sur-Cher, date of death unknown) was a French racing cyclist who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century.	Auguste Daumain	Selles-sur-Cher
place of birth	Marina Giordana (Rome, February 20, 1955) is an Italian actress.	Marina Giordana	Rome
place of birth	Nitin Sawhney was raised in Rochester, Kent, England, by Punjabi immigrant parents.	Nitin Sawhney	Rochester
place of birth	Yener Arıca was born in Küçükçekmece, Istanbul, Turkey to both Turkish parents, with whom he moved to the Netherlands where he grew up.	Yener Arıca	Küçükçekmece
place of birth	Laura Terracina (1519-c. 1577) was a poet from Naples during the Renaissance.	Laura Terracina	Naples
place of birth	Barryl Biekman (born 1950, Paramaribo) is a Surinamese-born Dutch politician.	Barryl Biekman	Paramaribo
place of birth	Gao Lin started his football career with Shanghai Shenhua in 2005 where he made his league debut on 21 August 2005 in a 1-0 win against Liaoning Zhongyu, coming on as a substitute for Xie Hui.	Gao Lin	Shanghai
place of birth	Brigit Forsyth (born 28 July 1940, in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a Scottish actress, best known for her roles as Thelma Ferris in the BBC comedy Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads? and Helen Yeldham in the ITV drama Boon.	Brigit Forsyth	Edinburgh
place of birth	Herodotus (/hᵻˈrɒdətəs/; Ancient Greek: Ἡρόδοτος Hēródotos, pronounced (hɛː.ró.do.tos)) was a Greek historian who was born in Halicarnassus, Caria (modern-day Bodrum, Turkey) and lived in the fifth century BC (c. 484--425 BC).	Herodotus	Halicarnassus
place of birth	Terry Reid was born in Huntingdon; he lived in Bluntisham & attended St.Ivo School, St.Ives, Cambridgeshire.	Terry Reid	Huntingdon
place of birth	Bernardino Radi was an Italian engraver and architect, born in Cortona, who etched a set of plates depicting architectural ornaments and monuments, published in Rome in 1618, under the title of Varie invenzoni per depositi di Bernardino Radi Cortonese .	Bernardino Radi	Cortona
place of birth	Totò was born Antonio Clemente on 15 February 1898 in the Rione Sanità, a poor district of Naples, the illegitimate son of Anna Clemente from Sicily and Marquis Giuseppe De Curtis from Naples, who nevertheless did not legally recognize him until 1937.	Totò	Naples
place of birth	Victoria Claire McGlynn, known as Vic McGlynn, (born on 19 May 1978 in Bispham, Blackpool, Lancashire) is an English radio presenter and disc jockey (DJ).	Vic McGlynn	Bispham
place of birth	Lương Văn Được Em (born 1985 in Hồng Ngự District, Đồng Tháp Province) is Vietnamese footballer who plays for the TĐCS Đồng Tháp.	Lương Văn Được Em	Hồng Ngự
place of birth	Chisamba Lungu (born January 31, 1991 in Kafue) is a Zambian footballer who plays as a Midfielder and captain for FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast in the Russian Premier League.	Chisamba Lungu	Kafue
place of birth	Kalonymus ben Kalonymus ben Meir (Arles, 1286 -- died after 1328) was a Provençal Jewish philosopher and translator.	Kalonymus ben Kalonymus	Arles
place of birth	María Elena Sarría Díaz (born September 14, 1954 in Cienfuegos) is a retired Cuban athlete who competed in the shot put during her career.	María Elena Sarría	Cienfuegos
place of birth	Guy Davenport was born in Anderson, South Carolina, in the foothills of Appalachia on November 23, 1927.	Guy Davenport	South Carolina
place of birth	Jane Gardam was born in Coatham, North Yorkshire, to William and Kathleen Mary Pearson, and grew up in Cumberland and the North Riding of Yorkshire.	Jane Gardam	Coatham	North Yorkshire
place of birth	Stéphan Tremblay (born November 4, 1973 in Alma, Quebec) was a politician who was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from Quebec from 1996 to 2002, and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 2002 to 2006.	Stéphan Tremblay	Alma
place of birth	Doryssus or Dorissus or Doriagus (Greek: Δόρυσσος) was a king of ancient Sparta.	Doryssus	Sparta
place of birth	H.D. was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, in 1886 and moved to London in 1911, where her publications earned her a central role within the then emerging Imagist movement.	H.D.	Bethlehem
place of birth	Aram Manukian was born Sargis Hovhannisian on 19 March 1879, either in Zeyva village in Zangezur (modern-day Davit Bek, in Armenia's Syunik Province) or in the city of Shusha; both in the Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire at the time.	Aram Manukian	Syunik Province
place of birth	Kylie Bisutti (born March 31, 1990 in Simi Valley, California) is an American author and former model who won the 2009 ``Victoria's Secret Model Search'' competition, broadcast online through CBS and concluded during the December 1st airing of that year's Fashion Show.	Kylie Bisutti	Simi Valley
place of birth	Stephen Namara (born February 28, 1953 in Kenya) is an American Contemporary figurative artist.	Stephen Namara	Kenya
place of birth	Homa Sayar (born 1947, in Tehran) is an Iranian poet and writer who has lived in Paris since 1975.	Homa Sayar	Tehran
place of birth	Abdoulaye Sekou Sampil (born 9 December 1984 in Dakar) is a French professional footballer of Ivorian origin who plays for KFC Dessel Sport.	Abdoulaye Sekou Sampil	Dakar
place of birth	Edward Auer (born December 7, 1941, New York City) is an American classical pianist.	Edward Auer	New York City
place of birth	Joan Mas i Ramon (Barcelona, 1934) is a post-impressionist style fine artist based at Barcelona and Paris.	Joan Mas	Barcelona
place of birth	Wayne Wang (traditional Chinese: 王穎; simplified Chinese: 王颖; pinyin: Wáng Yǐng; Jyutping: Wong4 Wing6; born January 12, 1949) is a Hong Kong-born American film director.	Wayne Wang	Hong Kong
place of birth	Keala Kennelly (born August 13, 1978) is a professional surfer, surfer DJ, and actress from Kauai, Hawaii.	Keala Kennelly	Kauai
place of birth	Laurette Séjourné was born in Perugia, Italy, as Laura Valentini Corsa, although one also finds her mentioned as Laura Bianchi.	Laurette Séjourné	Italy
place of birth	Laurence Vincent-Lapointe (born May 27, 1992) is a Canadian sprint canoer from Trois-Rivières, Quebec.	Laurence Vincent-Lapointe	Trois-Rivières
place of birth	Myint Myint Khin was born Khin Kyi to Daw Saw Kyi and U Po Min, in Thanlyin in 1934, during the waning days of the British colonial era in Myanmar.	Myint Myint Khin	Thanlyin
place of birth	Orzubek Nazarov (born August 30, 1966 in Kant, Kyrgyz SSR) is a boxer of Uzbek/Kyrgyz ethnicity, who won the bronze medal at the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Reno.	Orzubek Nazarov	Kant
place of birth	Dorothy Gilman was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, to minister James Bruce and Essa (Starkweather) Gilman.	Dorothy Gilman	New Brunswick
place of birth	Louis-Eugène Varlin was born at Claye-Souilly (Seine-et-Marne), into a poor peasant family.	Eugène Varlin	Claye-Souilly
place of birth	Albert Weisbord was born December 9, 1900 to a Russian-Jewish family in New York City.	Albert Weisbord	New York City
place of birth	Jacek Tomczak (born July 27, 1973 in Poznań) is a Polish politician and lawyer.	Jacek Tomczak	Poznań
place of birth	Silvia Álvarez Curbelo (born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, in 1940) is a Puerto Rican historian, and writer.	Silvia Álvarez Curbelo	Ponce
place of birth	Paul Silverberg (November 18, 1927 -- June 2, 2008), better known as Paul Sills, was an American director and improvisation teacher, and the original director of Chicago's The Second City.	Paul Sills	Chicago
place of birth	On December 19, 1875, Mileva Marić was born into a wealthy family in Titel in the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy (today Serbia) as the eldest of three children of Miloš Marić (1846--1922) and Marija Ružić - Marić (1847--1935).	Mileva Marić	Titel
place of birth	Dagmar Godowsky (November 24, 1897 -- February 13, 1975) was an American silent film actress born in Chicago to Polish composer Leopold Godowsky and Frederica Saxe.	Dagmar Godowsky	Chicago
place of birth	Oxana Yablonskaya (Russian: Оксана Михайловна Яблонская; born December 6, 1938, Moscow) is a Russian (Jewish born) pianist who has had an active international performance career since the early 1960s.	Oxana Yablonskaya	Moscow
place of birth	Madhumitha married her longtime boyfriend, actor Shiva Balaji on 1 March 2009 at Kalinga Function Place in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.	Madhumitha	Hyderabad
place of birth	Amand Lucas (born 18 December 1936, Liège) is a Belgian scientist and professor at the Facultés Universitaires Notre-Dame de la Paix, at the Institute for Studies in Interface Sciences.	Amand Lucas	Liège
place of birth	Henryk Jaskuła (born 22 October 1923 in Radziszów) is a yachtsman, sailing captain, and electrician.	Henryk Jaskuła	Radziszów
place of birth	Erdal Erzincan (1971, Erzurum) is a Turkish folk music musician, composer, and singer.	Erdal Erzincan	Erzurum
place of birth	Roy Sentjens (born 15 December 1980 in Neerpelt) is a retired Belgian road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2002 and 2013.	Roy Sentjens	Neerpelt
place of birth	Duke John Albert of Mecklenburg (German: Herzog Johann Albrecht zu Mecklenburg; given names John Albert Ernest Constantine Frederick Henry; 8 December 1857 -- 16 February 1920) was a member of the House of Mecklenburg-Schwerin who served as the regent of two states of the German Empire.	Duke John Albert of Mecklenburg	Schwerin
place of birth	Lauri Hakola (born 13 December 1979 in Oulu) is a Finnish former ski jumper.	Lauri Hakola	Oulu
place of birth	Ziyad Saeed Al-Kord bin Samir, known simply as Ziyad Al-Kord (Arabic: زياد الكرد‎; born 15 January 1974 in Gaza), is a Palestinian footballer who has played with various clubs in the Palestinian territories, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia.	Ziyad Al-Kord	Gaza
place of birth	Daniela Băbeanu (born 18 November 1988, in Râmnicu Vâlcea) is a Romanian handballer who plays for S.C.M. Craiova.	Daniela Băbeanu	Râmnicu Vâlcea
place of birth	Ernst Heymann (April 6, 1870 - March 2, 1946) was a German jurist from Berlin.	Ernst Heymann	Berlin
place of birth	Tang Naixin (Simplified Chinese: 唐乃鑫) (born April 29, 1988 in Qingdao) is a Chinese football player.	Tang Naixin	Qingdao
place of birth	Lucas Janszoon Waghenaer (1533/34 - 1606) was a Dutch chief officer and cartographer who was born in Enkhuizen.	Lucas Janszoon Waghenaer	Enkhuizen
place of birth	Walter Guggenberger (born 23 August 1947 in Landeck) is an Austrian civil servant and politician (SPÖ).	Walter Guggenberger	Landeck
place of birth	Yesim Servet Uzunlar (born 8 March 1989) is an Australian football player who last played for Sydney FC in the Australian W-League.	Servet Uzunlar	Sydney
place of birth	Joseph Van Matre was born on October 9, 1828 in Mason County, (West) Virginia.	Joseph Van Matre	Mason County
place of birth	Nikola Pushkarov was born on December 14, 1874 in Pirdop, then in the Ottoman Empire.	Nikola Pushkarov	Pirdop
place of birth	Aglaophon (Gr. Ἀγλαοφῶν) was an ancient Greek painter, born on the island of Thasos.	Aglaophon	Thasos
place of birth	Hiram Burnham was born in Narraguagus, later Cherryfield, Maine, in 1814.	Hiram Burnham	Cherryfield
place of birth	Lester Ellis was born on 15 March 1965 in Blackpool, England to mother Sheila Ellis and his father Keith Ellis Snr.	Lester Ellis	Blackpool
place of birth	Born in Pierrepont, New York, Irving Bacheller graduated from St. Lawrence University in 1882 after which he accepted a job with the Daily Hotel Reporter; by 1883 he was working for the Brooklyn Daily Times.	Irving Bacheller	Pierrepont, New York
place of birth	Jack Orchulli (born in 1946 in Pennsylvania) is an American former political candidate from Connecticut.	Jack Orchulli	Pennsylvania
place of birth	Born in Turin, orphaned at 6 years of age, Federico Tesio obtained a degree from the University of Florence.	Federico Tesio	Turin
place of birth	Hodo Sokoli was born in Shkodër in 1836 to a notable family from the village of Dervishej.	Hodo Sokoli	Shkodër
place of birth	Renaud Dion (born 6 January 1978 in Gien) is a French professional road racing cyclist, who last rode with the Bretagne-Séché Environnement team.	Renaud Dion	Gien
place of birth	Houston Conwill (born 1947, Louisville, KY) is an African-American artist known best for large-scale sculptural installations.	Houston Conwill	Louisville
place of birth	Herdi Prenga was born in Zadar, Croatia from parents of Albanian descent originary from Mirditë.	Herdi Prenga	Zadar
place of birth	Tang Dechao (Chinese: 唐德超; pinyin: Táng Déchāo; born February 9, 1984 in Guangzhou, China) is a Chinese football player.	Tang Dechao	Guangzhou
place of birth	Chang Kim Sung moved from South Korea to Buenos Aires with his family at the age of 7, without knowledge of the Spanish language.	Chang Kim Sung	South Korea
place of birth	Andriy Vitoshynskyi (Ukrainian: Андрій Вітошинський; born 21 February 1981 in Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian footballer who has played for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod.	Andriy Vitoshynskyi	Soviet Union
place of birth	Raymond Albert Wheeler (July 31, 1885 in Peoria, Illinois - February 9, 1974) was a Lieutenant General in the United States Army.	Raymond Albert Wheeler	Peoria
place of birth	Claire Guillard (born 17 September 1986 in Nantes) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Nord Allier Yzeure of the Division 1 Féminine.	Claire Guillard	Nantes
place of birth	Olof Gigon, son of the physician Alfred Gigon (1883-1975), was born and grew up in Basel, where he studied classical and oriental philology.	Olof Gigon	Basel
place of birth	Machol was born in Arizona and after entering the army served as a scout in the Indian Wars.	Machol	Arizona
place of birth	Sunderlal Bahuguna was born in village Maroda near Tehri, Uttarakhand on 9 January 1927.	Sunderlal Bahuguna	Tehri
place of birth	Igor González de Galdeano Aranzabal (born 1 November 1973 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque Country) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer and most recenetly, the team manager of UCI ProTeam Euskaltel--	Igor González de Galdeano	Vitoria-Gasteiz
place of birth	Sepideh Raissadat was Born in Tehran in 1980.	Sepideh Raissadat	Tehran
place of birth	Gonzalo Escudero Moscoco (Quito, September 28, 1903 -- Brussels, December 10, 1971) was an Ecuadorian poet and diplomat.	Gonzalo Escudero	Quito
place of birth	Elena Paparizou was born on 31 January 1982 in Borås, Västergötland, Sweden; she was the youngest child of Greek parents Georgios Paparizos and Efrosynë ``Frosø'' Paparizou.	Elena Paparizou	Borås
place of birth	Pablo de Barros Paulino, (born 3 August 1989 in São João Nepomuceno), simply known as Pablo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for América Mineiro as a left back.	Pablo de Barros Paulino	São João Nepomuceno
place of birth	Wolfgang Falck (19 August 1910 in Berlin -- 13 March 2007) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II. He was one of the key organisers of the German night fighter defences.	Wolfgang Falck	Berlin
place of birth	Ulrich Giezendanner (born October 31, 1953 in Rothrist, Canton Aargau) is a Swiss transport entrepreneur and politician (SVP).	Ulrich Giezendanner	Rothrist
place of birth	William Bainbridge was born in Princeton, New Jersey, eldest son of Dr. Absalom Bainbridge and Mary (Taylor) Bainbridge.	William Bainbridge	Princeton
place of birth	Sidney Coleman grew up on the Far North Side of Chicago.	Sidney Coleman	Chicago
place of birth	After Zohoré joined FC Copenhagen, Yussuf Poulsen was moved to a position as a striker.	Yussuf Poulsen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Jérôme Erceau (born January 14, 1973 in La Roche-sur-Yon) is a French former professional football player and current coach.	Jérôme Erceau	La Roche-sur-Yon
place of birth	Angelo Broglio da Lavello, known as Angelo Tartaglia (1350 or 1370 -- 1421), was an Italian condottiero and nobleman, captain of the Papal Army, lord of Lavello and Toscanella.	Angelo Tartaglia	Lavello
place of birth	Sophie Lawrence (born 12 June 1972, Ilford, London) is an English actress, singer, director and choreographer.	Sophie Lawrence	Ilford
place of birth	Georgi Sapinev (Bulgarian: Георги Сапинев) (born 15 March 1943 in Dupnitsa) is a retired Bulgarian football player.	Georgi Sapinev	Dupnitsa
place of birth	Clara Tice (22 May 1888 -- 2 February 1973) was an American avant-garde illustrator and artist, who spent most of her life in New York City, United States.	Clara Tice	New York City
place of birth	Domingo Roberto Mandrafina (born November 2, 1945 in Buenos Aires), also called Cacho Mandrafina, is an Argentine comics artist.	Domingo Roberto Mandrafina	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Rufus Beck (born July 23, 1957 in Heidelberg) is a German theater, film, and voice actor.	Rufus Beck	Heidelberg
place of birth	Richard Wayne Suesens was born 30 April 1915 at Burlington, Iowa.	Richard Wayne Suesens	Burlington
place of birth	Elia Rigotto (born 4 March 1982 in Vicenza) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Elia Rigotto	Vicenza
place of birth	DJ Snake was born on June 13, 1986 and grew up in the banlieue district outside Paris, what he describes as a ghetto.	DJ Snake	Paris
place of birth	Karl Kleist (born 31 January 1879 in Mulhouse, Alsace, died 26 December 1960) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist who made notable advances in descriptive psychopathology and neuropsychology.	Karl Kleist	Alsace
place of birth	Georges de La Tour was born in the town of Vic-sur-Seille in the Diocese of Metz, which was technically part of the Holy Roman Empire, but had been ruled by France since 1552.	Georges de La Tour	Vic-sur-Seille
place of birth	Ania Dorfmann was born in Odessa, Russia (now in Ukraine) in 1899, the daughter of a merchant.	Ania Dorfmann	Odessa
place of birth	Zheng Wei (Chinese: 郑伟) (born June 13, 1981 in Qingdao) is a Chinese football player.	Zheng Wei	Qingdao
place of birth	Mabel Van Buren (July 17, 1878 -- November 4, 1947) was an American stage and screen actress from Chicago, Illinois.	Mabel Van Buren	Chicago
place of birth	Fayçal Nini (born 10 August 1986 in Armentières) is a French football player of Algerian descent who last played for Nea Salamina.	Fayçal Nini	Armentières
place of birth	Willy Kemp (born 28 December 1925 in Kopstal) is a former Luxembourgian professional road bicycle racer.	Willy Kemp	Kopstal
place of birth	Steven De Neef (born 16 January 1971 in Asse) is a former Belgian professional racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 1997 and 2011.	Steven De Neef	Asse
place of birth	Nuelson Wau (born 17 December 1980 in Geldrop-Mierlo) is a Dutch Antillean footballer.	Nuelson Wau	Geldrop
place of birth	Benedetta Ceccarelli (born 23 January 1980 in Perugia) is an Italian athlete who specializes in the 400 metres hurdles.	Benedetta Ceccarelli	Perugia
place of birth	Volker Ullrich was born in Celle He studied history, literature, philosophy and education at the University of Hamburg.	Volker Ullrich	Celle
place of birth	Andreas Vogler (born January 15, 1964 in Basel) is a Swiss architect, designer and artist.	Andreas Vogler	Basel
place of birth	Goran Radnić (born 4 May 1983 in Split) is a Croatian football player, currently a free agent after being released by RNK Split in December 2011.	Goran Radnić	Split
place of birth	Lisa Heller (born April 16, 1996) is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Simsbury, Connecticut.	Lisa Heller	Connecticut
place of birth	Hannah Marks was born in Santa Monica, California, the daughter of Robin Marks and Nova Ball, a former actress.	Hannah Marks	Santa Monica
place of birth	M. Mohanan was born in Kannur, in the Indian state of Kerala.	M. Mohanan	Kannur
place of birth	Sava Grujić was born on 25 November 1840 at Kolari, a village in the district of Smederevo, just ten years after Serbia became a semi-independent state after five centuries of Turkish occupation.	Sava Grujić	Kolari
place of birth	Homa Dorothy Parvaz was born in October 1971 in Tehran, Iran to an Iranian father and an American mother.	Dorothy Parvaz	Tehran
place of birth	Karl Philipp Fohr, a brother of Daniel Fohr, was born at Heidelberg in 1795, and studied at Munich, chiefly by himself from nature and the great masters.	Karl Philipp Fohr	Heidelberg
place of birth	Rudin Nako (born 20 May 1987 in Fier) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays for Apolonia Fier in the Albanian Superliga, where he is also the squad captain.	Rudin Nako	Fier
place of birth	Raphaël Faÿs is a French jazz, gypsy jazz and classical guitarist and composer born in Paris on 10 December 1959.	Raphaël Faÿs	Paris
place of birth	Max Beckmann was born into a middle-class family in Leipzig, Saxony.	Max Beckmann	Leipzig
place of birth	Lynda Tolbert-Goode (born October 3, 1967 in Washington, D.C.) is a retired American hurdler and sprinter.	Lynda Tolbert-Goode	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	John Nelson Darby was born in Westminster, London, and christened at St. Margaret's on 3 March 1801.	John Nelson Darby	Westminster
place of birth	Viktoria Karpenko (Виктория Карпенко, born on March 15, 1981 in Kherson, Ukrainian SSR) is a World Championships silver medalist and 2000 Olympian in artistic gymnastics.	Viktoria Karpenko	Kherson
place of birth	Inga Swenson (born December 29, 1932; Omaha, Nebraska) is an American actress.	Inga Swenson	Omaha
place of birth	Christophe Auguin, (born 10 December 1959 in Granville, Manche), is a French yachtsman.	Christophe Auguin	Granville
place of birth	Colin Prior, born in Milngavie, Glasgow in 1958, is a landscape photographer.	Colin Prior	Milngavie
place of birth	Daryl Brook (born 19 November 1960 in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire) is a former professional footballer who played as a striker for Huddersfield Town, before becoming the coach of Emley.	Daryl Brook	Holmfirth
place of birth	Djair Kaye de Brito (born 21 September 1971 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian international footballer nicknamed Djair.	Djair Kaye de Brito	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Jean-Ovide Decroly (Ronse, July 23, 1871 -- Ukkel, September 10, 1932) was a Belgian teacher and psychologist.	Ovide Decroly	Ronse
place of birth	Francisco Joaquim Ferreira do Amaral, GCTS, KCVO (Lisbon, Santa Catarina, 11 June 1843 -- 11 August 1923) was a Portuguese naval commander and politician.	Francisco Joaquim Ferreira do Amaral	Lisbon
place of birth	Roger Minick was born in Ramona, Oklahoma, and grew up in the Ozarks of Arkansas.	Roger Minick	Ramona, Oklahoma
place of birth	Leopoldo Marenco (born at Ceva in 1831; died 1899) was an Italian dramatic poet, now known as a librettist.	Leopoldo Marenco	Ceva
place of birth	John Quinton was born in Brockley, near Lewisham, south east London in 1921 and was educated at Christ's College, Finchley leaving in 1937 having passed the London General School Examination with Matriculation.	John Quinton	Brockley
place of birth	Guillermo Graaven (born January 17, 1982 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who played as a striker.	Guillermo Graaven	Amsterdam
place of birth	Don Nix (born September 27, 1941, Memphis, Tennessee) is an American songwriter, composer, arranger, musician, and author.	Don Nix	Memphis
place of birth	Kristian Mantzius was born in Viborg, son of Gen. Karl Johan Peter Mantzius (1791-1859) and Mette Marie, née Fogh (1792-1870).	Kristian Mantzius	Viborg
place of birth	Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja, known simply as Gabriel Espinosa (born August 13, 1985 in Quito), is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Universidad Católica.	Gabriel Espinosa	Quito
place of birth	Léon-Robert Demachy was born in the home of his grandmother in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, on the outskirts of Paris, on 7 July 1859.	Robert Demachy	Saint-Germain-en-Laye
place of birth	Archbishop Hubert Coppenrath (born 18 October 1930, in Papeete, Tahiti, French Polynesia) is the emeritus Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete.	Hubert Coppenrath	Papeete
place of birth	McCartney was born in London on 28 August 1969 and named after her paternal grandmother Mary McCartney.	Mary McCartney	London
place of birth	Walt Grealis was born in Toronto and attended Central High School of Commerce in that city until his tenth grade.	Walt Grealis	Toronto
place of birth	Louis Prima, Jr. (born June 16, 1965) is an American, Las Vegas-based entertainer, singer, and songwriter.	Louis Prima, Jr.	Las Vegas
place of birth	Aziz Yıldırım (born 2 November 1952 in Ergani, Diyarbakır Province) is currently the 52nd chairman of the Turkish multi sport club Fenerbahçe.	Aziz Yıldırım	Ergani
place of birth	Zane Lamprey (born April 2, 1972 in Syracuse, New York, United States) is a comedian, actor, editor, producer, and writer for television and movies.	Zane Lamprey	Syracuse
place of birth	Dr. Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani is a well-known and highly respected politician in Afghanistan.	Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani	Afghanistan
place of birth	Ziri Hammar (Arabic: زيري حمّار‎; born July 25, 1992 in Akbou) is an Algerian football player.	Ziri Hammar	Akbou
place of birth	Jamie Maclaren grew up in the north-western suburbs of Melbourne.	Jamie Maclaren	Melbourne
place of birth	On 5 November 1780, Little Turtle led an attack on La Balme's camp along the Eel River, killing La Balme and 30 of his men and bringing an end to the campaign.	Little Turtle	Eel River
place of birth	Gregor Stevens (born 13 January 1955 in Drumchapel, Glasgow) was a Scottish former professional footballer, who played during the 1970s and 1980s.	Gregor Stevens	Glasgow
place of birth	Michael Paul Mason (born May 29, 1971, in Tulsa, Oklahoma), sometimes credited as Michael Mason, is an American writer, author, editor, and journalist.	Michael Paul Mason	Tulsa
place of birth	Lucie Guay (born December 12, 1958 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian sprint kayaker who competed in the early 1980s.	Lucie Guay	Montreal
place of birth	Pedro Henríquez Ureña was born in Santo Domingo, the third of four siblings.	Pedro Henríquez Ureña	Santo Domingo
place of birth	Gohourou Jean-Yves Anis (born November 30, 1980 in Oumé, Côte d'Ivoire) is a French former professional football player who previously played for Partick Thistle.	Jean-Yves Anis	Oumé
place of birth	Sylvester Barrett was born in Darragh, near Ennis, County Clare in 1926.	Sylvester Barrett	Darragh
place of birth	Alvin Law (born 1960 in Yorkton, Saskatchewan) is a motivational speaker and former radio broadcaster.	Alvin Law	Yorkton
place of birth	Daniel Ainsleigh (born 8 February 1976 in Hexham, Northumberland) is an English actor and renowned acting coach.	Daniel Ainsleigh	Hexham
place of birth	Deep Joshi was born in 1947 in village Puriyag, in a remote area of Pithoragarh district, Uttarakhand in the Himalayas to Harikrishan Joshi, a farmer and was one of the seven children.	Deep Joshi	Pithoragarh district
place of birth	Hans Unger was born into a lower-middle-class family in Bautzen, in the Lausitz in the southeast corner of Germany near Poland and the Czech Republic.	Hans Unger	Bautzen
place of birth	Javiera Contador (born June 17, 1974 in Santiago) is a Chilean actress, comedian and television hostess.	Javiera Contador	Santiago
place of birth	Angela Asare (born 24 November,1985 in Accra) is a Ghanaian beauty queen and a contestant for Miss Universe.	Angela Asare	Accra
place of birth	Danish Nawaz (born August 4, 1978 Karachi) is a Pakistani television director, actor and comedian.	Danish Nawaz	Karachi
place of birth	Nils Sandström (August 9, 1893 -- June 17, 1973) was a Swedish athlete, who competed mainly in the 100 m. Sandström was born in Gothenburg.	Nils Sandström	Gothenburg
place of birth	Anticlides of Athens (or Anticleides) lived after the time of Alexander the Great (Plut. Alex. 46), and is frequently referred to by later writers.	Anticlides	Athens
place of birth	Dana Hee (born as Dana Lynn Davidson on November 9, 1961 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is an American martial artist, stuntwoman, action film actress and model, who has also worked as sports color commentator, trainer, spokesperson, motivational speaker and master of ceremonies, as well as a rancher.	Dana Hee	Baton Rouge
place of birth	Juliet Richardson (born January 1, 1980, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American singer, known as Juliet, best known for her 2005 album Random Order and hit single ``Avalon''.	Juliet Richardson	Philadelphia
place of birth	Jean Carlos da Silva Ferreira or simply Jean or Jean Carlos, (born March 3, 1982 in São Gonçalo) is a Brazilian striker who currently plays for Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube.	Jean Carlos da Silva Ferreira	São Gonçalo
place of birth	Amos Marah Kicmett (born on January 1, 1984 in Buduburam, Ghana) is a Ghanaian-born Liberian international football striker who last played for Deltras.	Amos Marah	Buduburam
place of birth	Bradley Joseph was born in Bird Island, Minnesota and raised in Willmar, Minnesota, graduating from Willmar Senior High School in 1983.	Bradley Joseph	Minnesota
place of birth	Ellen Wittlinger (born in Belleville, Illinois on October 21, 1948) is an author for young adults, including Gracie's Girl and the Printz Honor book Hard Love.	Ellen Wittlinger	Belleville
place of birth	Upon his death he made a large bequest to establish the Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York City.	Payne Whitney	New York City
place of birth	Samuel Pizzetti (born October 16, 1986) is an Italian swimmer from Codogno.	Samuel Pizzetti	Codogno
place of birth	Michael Roof was born at a U.S. Air Force hospital at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida, November 24, 1976 to Jean and Michael Roof, Sr. Michael had two brothers, Derek and Donny; and two sisters, Megan and Kim.	Michael Roof	Tampa
place of birth	Luigi Cappanera (born 6 February 1947 in Genoa) is an Italian retired footballer.	Luigi Cappanera	Genoa
place of birth	Vincent Cheng Hoi-Chuen GBS OBE JP (Chinese: 鄭海泉, born 16 July 1948 in Hong Kong) was the first Chinese Executive Director of HSBC Holdings plc. He was also the first Chinese Chairman of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited from 2005 to 2010.	Vincent Cheng	Hong Kong
place of birth	Quinn Sullivan (born March 26, 1999) is an American singer and guitarist from New Bedford, Massachusetts.	Quinn Sullivan	New Bedford
place of birth	Wasim Akram was born on 3 June 1966 in a Usmani family of Lahore.	Wasim Akram	Lahore
place of birth	Zane Radcliffe (born 1969 in Bangor, Northern Ireland) is an author from Northern Ireland.	Zane Radcliffe	Bangor
place of birth	Sean O'Kane (born 11 November 1964), is a Scottish actor from Bellshill near Glasgow.	Sean O'Kane	Bellshill
place of birth	Balthasar Schwarm (born 11 September 1946 in Bruckmühl, Bavaria) is a West German former luger who competed from the early 1970s to the early 1980s.	Balthasar Schwarm	Bruckmühl
place of birth	Edward Fulton Denison (December 18, 1915, Omaha -- October 23, 1992, Washington D.C.) was an American economist.	Edward Fulton Denison	Omaha
place of birth	Ana Arce (born 5 January 1964 in Madrid) is a photographer and former skip of the Andorran national women's curling team.	Ana Arce	Madrid
place of birth	Marcin Mroziński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmart͡ɕin mrɔˈʑiɲskʲi); born 26 September 1985 in Inowrocław) is a Polish actor, singer and television presenter.	Marcin Mroziński	Inowrocław
place of birth	Charles Seltman was born in Paddington, London, England on 4 August 1886 to Ernest John Seltman and Barbara Smith Watson from Edinburgh, Scotland.	Charles Seltman	Paddington
place of birth	Grand Ayatollah Hassan Raza Ghadeeri was born in Pakistan and studied in various locations including Lahore, Multan, and Ali-Pur.	Hassan Raza Ghadeeri	Lahore
place of birth	Colin Ayre (born 14 March 1956, Ashington, Northumberland) was an English professional footballer, playing as a winger in the English, Dutch and Austrian football leagues.	Colin Ayre	Ashington
place of birth	Born at Wasperton Hill Farm in Warwickshire, Thomas Garner grew up in a rural setting that gave him an instinctive feeling for country crafts and construction, which were never weakened by long years spent in London.	Thomas Garner	Wasperton
place of birth	Maro Sargsyan (Armenian: Մարո Սարգսյան; born November 29, 1973, Yerevan), is an Armenian artist.	Maro Sargsyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Igor Burzanović (Cyrillic: Игop Буpзaнoвић, born on 25 August 1985 in Podgorica) is a Montenegrin international football player who most recently played for Hunan Billows in the China League One.	Igor Burzanović	Podgorica
place of birth	Lieutenant Joshua John Moore (1790-1864), a grazier and large owner of land by occupation, was born to John Moore, yeoman farmer, at Horningsea, Cambridgeshire, England.	Joshua John Moore	Cambridgeshire
place of birth	Zoe Laskari was born Zoi Kouroukli in Thessaloniki, from a middle class family which had a long tradition of service to the Hellenic Army.	Zoe Laskari	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Erika Suchovská (born 27 July 1967 in Hodonín) is a retired Czech athlete who competed primarily in the 200 metres.	Erika Suchovská	Hodonín
place of birth	Jens-Anton Poulsson DSO, (27 October 1918 in Tinn -- 2 February 2010) was a Norwegian military officer.	Jens-Anton Poulsson	Tinn
place of birth	Rudolf Jung was born in Plasy and went to school in Jihlava, a town fractured by national antagonisms.	Rudolf Jung	Plasy
place of birth	Richard Bristow (1538 at Worcester -- 1581 at Harrow on the Hill) was an English Catholic controversialist and Biblical scholar.	Richard Bristow	Worcester
place of birth	Hernan Bas (born 1978 in Miami, Florida, United States) is an artist based in Detroit, Michigan.	Hernan Bas	Miami
place of birth	David Blixt (born July 12, 1973 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American author, stage actor, and director living Chicago, Illinois.	David Blixt	Michigan
place of birth	Tommy Hunt (born Charles James Hunt, June 18, 1933, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States) is an American soul/northern soul singer, and a 2001 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductee as a member of famed R&B group The Flamingos.	Tommy Hunt	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Larissa Schuster (née Foreman) was born in 1960 and grew up on a farm in Clarence, Missouri.	Larissa Schuster	Clarence
place of birth	Marie Podvalová (5 September 1909 - 16 May 1992) was a Czech opera singer who had a long career at the National Theatre in Prague from 1936-1978.	Marie Podvalová	Prague
place of birth	Born in Boston, Massachusetts on June 18, 1757, he was the son of wealthy merchant and political figure Royall Tyler (died 1771) and Mary (Steele) Tyler.	Royall Tyler	Boston
place of birth	Fabrice Lapierre (born 17 October 1983 in Réduit, Mauritius) is a Mauritian-born Australian long jumper.	Fabrice Lapierre	Réduit
place of birth	Vlado Janevski was born on 27 November 1960 in Skopje in Čair where he still lives.	Vlado Janevski	Skopje
place of birth	Krishna Levy, born on May 27, 1964, in New Delhi (India), is a French film score composer.	Krishna Levy	New Delhi
place of birth	Ron Tripp (born April 1953) Battle Creek, Michigan, is a World Sambo and Judo champion and the current general secretary of USA Judo.	Ron Tripp	Battle Creek
place of birth	Zoran Stojković (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Стојковић) (born 7 October 1946 in Belgrade) was Serbian Minister of Justice in the cabinet of Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Koštunica.	Zoran Stojković	Belgrade
place of birth	Ana Merino was born in Madrid in 1971, daughter of José María Merino.	Ana Merino	Madrid
place of birth	Lili Golestan (Taghavi Shirazi) (born 14 July 1944) is an Iranian translator, and owner and artistic director of the Golestan Gallery in Tehran.	Lili Golestan	Tehran
place of birth	Gino Strada (b. Luigi Strada April 21, 1948 in Sesto San Giovanni, Province of Milan) is an Italian war surgeon and founder of the UN-recognized Italian NGO Emergency.	Gino Strada	Sesto San Giovanni
place of birth	Davide Martello, also known as Klavierkunst (born 1 November 1981 in Lörrach in the southwest of Baden-Württemberg), is a German pianist of Italian descent.	Davide Martello	Lörrach
place of birth	Nahum Goldmann was born in Vishnevo, Russian Empire, a shtetl in the Pale of Settlement (now Vishnyeva, Belarus), the son of a teaching and writing Litvak family, whose father was an ardent Zionist.	Nahum Goldmann	Vishnyeva
place of birth	Chandra Kumar Agarwala was born at Brahmajan near Gohpur in Sonitpur district on 28 November 1867.	Chandra Kumar Agarwala	Gohpur
place of birth	Gita Mehta (born in 1943) is an Indian writer and was born in Delhi in a well-known Odia family.	Gita Mehta	Delhi
place of birth	Akaki Khoshtaria was born into the petty Georgian nobility, aznauri, near Abasha, then part of the Russian Empire.	Akaki Khoshtaria	Abasha
place of birth	Born Lilian Patricia Lita Roza in Liverpool, Lancashire, England, she was the eldest of seven children.	Lita Roza	Liverpool
place of birth	John Darnton (born November 20, 1941 in New York City) is an American journalist who wrote for the New York Times.	John Darnton	New York City
place of birth	Allen Craig was born in Mission Viejo, California, to Ron and Kim Craig and raised in Temecula, California.	Allen Craig	Mission Viejo
place of birth	Giorgos Messalas (Greek: Γιώργος Μεσσάλας, born 1942 in Athens) is a Greek actor and director in theater and movies.	Giorgos Messalas	Athens
place of birth	Tatiana Aleshina (Russian: Татьяна Владимировна Алёшина, born 3 July 1961, Nizhyn) is a Russian composer, singer-songwriter, theater artist, and poet.	Tatiana Aleshina	Nizhyn
place of birth	Petey Scalzo is an American boxer from Brooklyn, New York.	Petey Scalzo	Brooklyn
place of birth	The Reverend Stephen Hislop (8 September 1817, Duns, Scotland -- 4 September 1863, Takalghat), was a missionary to India, an educationist and a keen geologist.	Stephen Hislop	Duns
place of birth	Leandro Marconi (1834--1919) was a Polish architect, active mainly in Warsaw.	Leandro Marconi	Warsaw
place of birth	Ferdinand Oliver Porsche (born 13 March 1961 in Stuttgart) is a German lawyer and member of the Supervisory Board of the German sports car manufacturer Porsche.	Ferdinand Oliver Porsche	Stuttgart
place of birth	William Dunn Moseley was born on February 1, 1795 at Moseley Hall in Lenoir County, North Carolina, which is a different place than Moseley Hall on the Northeast branch of the Cape Fear created by colonial official Edward Moseley, to whom he was not related.	William Dunn Moseley	Lenoir County
place of birth	Pari Saberi (Persian: پری صابری ‎, born 1932 in Kerman) is an Iranian drama and theatre director and Knight of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, awarded by French President Jacques Chirac.	Pari Saberi	Kerman
place of birth	Edward Polo (born 10 October 1989 in Delta State) is a footballer, who plays for Bayelsa United.	Edward Polo	Delta State
place of birth	Roma Gąsiorowska (born 29 January 1981 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish actress and fashion designer.	Roma Gąsiorowska	Bydgoszcz
place of birth	Rafael Marques Pinto (born September 21, 1983 in Rio de Janeiro), most commonly known as Rafael Marques, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Coritiba.	Rafael Marques Pinto	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Catharine Pendrel (born September 30, 1980) is a Canadian cross-country mountain biker from Fredericton, New Brunswick.	Catharine Pendrel	Fredericton
place of birth	Solomon Lee Van Meter, Jr. was born as Joseph Atkins Van Meter in a cabin behind where his family's country residence, Shenandoah Hall, stands today (38.069369,-84.440274) on Bryan Station Pike in Fayette County, KY.	Solomon Lee Van Meter, Jr.	Fayette County
place of birth	Andreas Gottschalk (28 February 1815, Düsseldorf -- 8 September 1849) was a German physician.	Andreas Gottschalk	Düsseldorf
place of birth	He received an M.B.A. in Finance from Mumbai University.In January 2013,Dhilin Mehta was arrested by the Rajasthan Police at the international airport in Mumbai, just hours before he was scheduled to board a flight to Dubai.But he got bail on the same day.	Dhilin Mehta	Mumbai
place of birth	Anne Line Gjersem was born together with a twin sister, Camilla, on 6 January 1994 in Hønefoss, Norway.	Anne Line Gjersem	Hønefoss
place of birth	William Chann McRae (born October 11, 1971) is an American professional road bicycle racer from Albany, Georgia.	Chann McRae	Albany
place of birth	Stephan Ludwig Roth (November 24, 1796 in Mediaș -- May 11, 1849 in Cluj) was a Transylvanian Saxon intellectual, pedagogue and Lutheran pastor.	Stephan Ludwig Roth	Mediaș
place of birth	Suad Švraka (born 6 October 1927 in Sarajevo, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a retired Bosnian and Yugoslav professional footballer.	Suad Švraka	Sarajevo
place of birth	Elizabeth Jane Gardner (October 4, 1837 -- January 28, 1922) was an American academic and salon painter, who was born in Exeter, New Hampshire.	Elizabeth Jane Gardner	Exeter
place of birth	Jussi Niinistö (born October 27, 1970 in Helsinki) is a Finnish politician and the current Minister of Defence.	Jussi Niinistö	Helsinki
place of birth	Nikki Amuka-Bird was born in Delta, Nigeria, where her father lives.	Nikki Amuka-Bird	Nigeria
place of birth	Keyes was born in Meridian, Mississippi, as John Gregory Keyes, to a large, diverse, storytelling family.	Gregory Keyes	Mississippi
place of birth	Gregory Blaxland was born 17 June 1778 at Fordwich, Kent, England, the fourth son of John Blaxland, mayor from 1767 to 1774, whose family had owned estates nearby for generations, and Mary, daughter of Captain Parker, R.N. Gregory attended The King's School, Canterbury.	Gregory Blaxland	Kent
place of birth	Dennis Appiah (/ˈæpɪɑː/ API-ah; born 9 June 1992 in Toulouse) is a French football player of Ghanaian descent who currently plays for club Caen in Ligue 1.	Dennis Appiah	Toulouse
place of birth	Ani Amiraghyan (Armenian: Անի Ամիրաղյան; born 9 October 1993 in Yerevan) is an Armenian tennis player.	Ani Amiraghyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Fra' Ramon Despuig (Catalan pronunciation: (rəˈmon dəsˈputʃ)) (Majorca, 1670 -- Malta, 1741) was the 67th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta.	Ramon Despuig	Majorca
place of birth	Gerd Nagel (born 22 October 1957 in Sulingen, Lower Saxony) is a retired West German high jumper.	Gerd Nagel	Sulingen
place of birth	Sébastien Joly (born 25 June 1979 in Tournon-sur-Rhône) is a former French professional road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2000 and 2011.	Sébastien Joly	Tournon-sur-Rhône
place of birth	Born in Decatur, Georgia, Amy Ray met Emily Saliers when they both attended the same high school.	Amy Ray	Decatur
place of birth	He was born in Haarlem, the son of a Catholic art dealer also named Jan Wijnants.	Jan Wijnants	Haarlem
place of birth	Heinrich Bullinger was born to Heinrich Bullinger senior, dean of the capitular church, and Anna Wiederkehr, at Bremgarten, Aargau.	Heinrich Bullinger	Bremgarten
place of birth	Tomasz Mendelski (born May 21, 1981 in Olsztyn) is a Polish sprint canoer.	Tomasz Mendelski	Olsztyn
place of birth	Francis Kurkdjian (born in Paris on May 14, 1969) is a French contemporary perfumer and winner of the Prix François Coty in 2001 for his lifetime achievements.	Francis Kurkdjian	Paris
place of birth	Weston Ochse (born 1965 in Gillette, Wyoming) is an American author and educator.	Weston Ochse	Gillette
place of birth	Didier Notheaux (born 4 February 1948 in Déville-lès-Rouen, Seine-Maritime) is a French football coach.	Didier Notheaux	Déville-lès-Rouen
place of birth	Iraj Pezeshkzad (Persian: ایرج پزشکزاد ‎‎, Iraj Pezeškzâd, born 1928 in Tehran) is an Iranian writer and author of the famous Persian novel Dā'i Jān Napoleon (Dear Uncle Napoleon, translated as My Uncle Napoleon) published in the early 1970s.	Iraj Pezeshkzad	Tehran
place of birth	After the Abitur in Warsaw Arnold Walfisz studied (1909−14 and 1918−21) in Munich, Berlin, Heidelberg and Göttingen.	Arnold Walfisz	Warsaw
place of birth	Hemlal Bhattrai is a Bhutanese international footballer who plays for Thimphu City in the Bhutan A-Division.	Hemlal Bhattrai	Thimphu
place of birth	Marian Pană (born 24 December 1968 in Moreni) is a retired professional footballer.	Marian Pană	Moreni
place of birth	Trude Dothan was born in 1922 in Vienna, from where her parents emigrated to Mandatory Palestine the very next year.	Trude Dothan	Vienna
place of birth	Evsey Domar was born on April 16, 1914 in the Polish city of Łódź, which was part of Russia at that time.	Evsey Domar	Łódź
place of birth	Oscar Almgren (November 9, 1869, Stockholm -- May 13, 1945) was a Swedish archaeologist specializing in prehistoric archaeology.	Oscar Almgren	Stockholm
place of birth	Kevin Jobling (born 1 January 1968 in Sunderland) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City, Grimsby Town and Shrewsbury Town, and in non-league football for Telford United.	Kevin Jobling	Sunderland
place of birth	Mariano Rivera Paz was born in Guatemala City and studied Law in Royal and Pontifical University of San Carlos Borromeo.	Mariano Rivera Paz	Guatemala City
place of birth	Mirza Varešanović (born 31 May 1972 in Sarajevo, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Bosnian footballer and Manager.	Mirza Varešanović	Sarajevo
place of birth	Zoran Karić (Serbian: Зоран Карић, pronounced (ˈzorɑn ˈkaːritɕ); born 1 August 1961 in Kačarevo, Yugoslavia) is a retired Yugoslavian soccer forward who began his career with FK Partizan before spending seventeen seasons playing indoor soccer in the United States.	Zoran Karić	Kačarevo
place of birth	Carlos Conca was born in the capital Santiago de Chile (Chile) on November 3, 1954.	Carlos Conca	Santiago
place of birth	Tommy Quickly (born Thomas Quigley, 7 July 1945, Norris Green, Liverpool, Lancashire, England) was a Liverpool rock and roll singer in the early 1960s.	Tommy Quickly	Liverpool
place of birth	Edmondo Della Valle (born in Arce on 16 November 1904) was an Italian professional football player.	Edmondo Della Valle	Arce
place of birth	Aatif Chahechouhe (Arabic: عاطف شحشوح‎; born 2 July 1986 in Fontenay-aux-Roses) is a French-born Moroccan football player who currently plays for Turkish side Sivasspor.	Aatif Chahechouhe	Fontenay-aux-Roses
place of birth	Fatali Khan of Quba or Fath Ali-Khan of Quba (Persian: فتحعلی‌خان قبه‌ای‎‎; Azerbaijani: Fətəli xan Qubalı or Fətx Əli-xan Qubalı; 1736 - March 29, 1789) -- was a prominent ruler and statestman of the Quba Khanate (1758--1789) of the 18th century.	Fatali Khan	Quba Khanate
place of birth	Josip Topić (born October 22, 1982 in Bugojno) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Union Thalheim in Austria	Josip Topić	Bugojno
place of birth	Sam Lazar (born 1933) was an American pianist and Hammond organist originally from St. Louis, Missouri.	Sam Lazar	St. Louis
place of birth	The son of Mary Lee (née Baird) and Douglas Rapp, Adam Rapp was born in Chicago and spent most of his youth in Joliet, Illinois.	Adam Rapp	Joliet
place of birth	Houcine Slaoui (pronounced Husyn Slawi, Arabic: حسين السلاوي‎) (real name Houcine Ben Bouchaïb) (1921 in Salé -- 1951) is a Moroccan singer and composer who had a considerable influence on early-modern Moroccan Chaabi music.	Houcine Slaoui	Salé
place of birth	Nicolae Titulescu was born in Craiova, the son of a solicitor.	Nicolae Titulescu	Craiova
place of birth	Prince Karl Anton of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen (German: Karl Anton Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Prinz von Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen) (1 September 1868 -- 21 February 1919) was a member of the Princely House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen.	Prince Karl Anton of Hohenzollern	Sigmaringen
place of birth	Ida Andersen (born 1968) is a Norwegian sailor from Tønsberg, and world champion from 1987.	Ida Andersen	Tønsberg
place of birth	Hermann Joha (born February 17, 1960 in Lohr, Bavaria) is a German television producer.	Hermann Joha	Bavaria
place of birth	Pradeep Chandran born and bought up in Thiruvananthapuram.	Pradeep Chandran	Thiruvananthapuram
place of birth	Georg Feig was born on 27 February 1899, in the town of Annaberg in Saxony, Germany to Karl and Mina Feig.	Georg Feig	Annaberg
place of birth	Matt Spear (born December 2, 1970 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina) is an American soccer coach.	Matt Spear	Winston-Salem
place of birth	Kuzman Babeu (Serbian Cyrillic: Кузман Бабеу; born 4 November 1971 in Belgrade) is a retired Serbian, of Romanian origin, football player and currently is starting a career as football manager.	Kuzman Babeu	Belgrade
place of birth	Mo'ayyad Salim Mansour (born April 1, 1976 in Iraq) is a retired Jordanian football player of Palestinian origin.	Mo'ayyad Salim	Iraq
place of birth	György Orbán (born 12 July 1947 in Târgu Mureș, Romania) is a Transylvania-born Hungarian composer.	György Orbán	Târgu Mureș
place of birth	Ivica Todorić (Zagreb, 1951) is a Croatian businessman and economist.	Ivica Todorić	Zagreb
place of birth	George Engelmann was born in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, the oldest of thirteen children, nine of whom reached maturity.	George Engelmann	Frankfurt
place of birth	Geraldine Carroll (born 21 August 1968, Newmarket, England), known as Dina Carroll, is a British singer of Scottish and African American heritage who had a string of hits during the 1990s as well as two platinum albums.	Dina Carroll	Newmarket
place of birth	Charles Wels (August 24, 1825 in Prague -- May 12, 1906 in New York City) was a Bohemian-American pianist, organist, composer, and music teacher.	Charles Wels	Prague
place of birth	Tom Aspell (1950 -- February 11, 2013) was a New Zealand-born U.S. television news producer, foreign correspondent, and cameraman.	Tom Aspell	New Zealand
place of birth	Manuel Reuter (born 6 December 1961 in Mainz) is a German former race car driver.	Manuel Reuter	Mainz
place of birth	ZZ Packer (born January 12, 1973 Chicago, Illinois) is an American writer of short fiction.	ZZ Packer	Chicago
place of birth	Fiorella Migliore Llanes (born 27 January 1989 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan model, beauty queen, actress and television presenter.	Fiorella Migliore	Asunción
place of birth	Paul Botten-Hansen (1824--1869) was a Norwegian librarian, book collector, magazine editor and literary critic, born in Sel in Gudbrandsdalen.	Paul Botten-Hansen	Sel
place of birth	Squadron Leader Peter Rothwell (20 October 1920 -- 20 December 2010) was an English bomber pilot in World War II. Rothwell was born in Bristol, the son of a vicar.	Peter Rothwell	Bristol
place of birth	Masoud Hedayatifard (Persian: مسعود هدایتی‌فرد‎), born in Babol, (Mazandaran, Northern province), Iran is a specialist in Fishery science and industries.	Masoud Hedayatifard	Babol
place of birth	Murat Saygıner (born February 28, 1989 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a visionary artist who works in the fields of art photography and computer graphics, and is also known as a digital artist, filmmaker and composer.	Murat Saygıner	Prague
place of birth	Eelco Martinus ten Harmsen van der Beek (more commonly Harmsen van der Beek or just Beek; October 8, 1897 in Amsterdam -- July 24, 1953 in Blaricum) was a Dutch illustrator and commercial artist.	Harmsen van der Beek	Amsterdam
place of birth	Léonide Massine was born in Moscow and was a ballet student at the Imperial Theater School in that city.	Léonide Massine	Moscow
place of birth	Mohammed El Berkani or Elberkani (born 13 December 1982 in Heerlen) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent.	Mohammed El Berkani	Heerlen
place of birth	Olivier Chevallier (born February 6, 1949 in Vendôme, Loir-et-Cher - April 6, 1980) was a French professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Olivier Chevallier	Vendôme
place of birth	Cyril Cinélu, born 23 January 1987 in Lagny-sur-Marne, is a Francophone singer originally from Martinique who won the sixth season of Star Academy on 22 December 2006.	Cyril Cinélu	Lagny-sur-Marne
place of birth	Heinrich Sudermann (31 August 1520 -- 7 September 1591) was an official of the Hanseatic League from Cologne.	Heinrich Sudermann	Cologne
place of birth	Mark Peploe (born 1943 in Kenya) is a screenwriter and film director.	Mark Peploe	Kenya
place of birth	Yanic Truesdale (born March 17, 1970 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian actor best known for his portrayal of Michel Gerard in the television series Gilmore Girls, a role that prompted Daily Variety to name him one of ``10 Actors to Watch''.	Yanic Truesdale	Montreal
place of birth	Maria Arbatova (originally Gavrilina) was born in 1957 in Murom.	Maria Arbatova	Murom
place of birth	Dariusz Łatka (born September 14, 1978 in Kraków) is a Polish football player currently playing for Bałtyk Gdynia in the Polish III liga.	Dariusz Łatka	Kraków
place of birth	Adam Mansbach of the San Francisco Chronicle wrote: ``Franz Lidz brings thorough research and a deft, journalistic touch to this brief, readable tale, (and) does an elegant job of situating the famously odd brothers' lives within the context of a changing New York City.''	Franz Lidz	New York City
place of birth	Cleidimar Magalhães Silva, commonly known as Didi (born 10 September 1982 in Itabira, Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker.	Cleidimar Magalhães Silva	Itabira
place of birth	Francesco Vottari (born July 16, 1971 in Locri, Calabria), also known as Cicciu u Frunzu, is a boss of the 'Ndrangheta from San Luca in Calabria.	Francesco Vottari	Locri
place of birth	Otacílio Gonçalves da Silva Junior (born 16 June 1940 in Santa Maria) is a former Brazilian football manager who was last active as the Manager of Paraná.	Otacílio Gonçalves	Santa Maria
place of birth	Son Sen was born in the village of Huong Hoa, Trà Vinh Province in southern Vietnam to a minor landowning family of Khmer descent.	Son Sen	Trà Vinh
place of birth	Judy Minx was born in Paris and is Tunisian and Algerian descent.	Judy Minx	Paris
place of birth	Julio César Morales Zavala (born December 19, 1993 in Glendale, California) is a Mexican-American footballer who currently plays for Mexican third division side Club Loros de la Universidad de Colima.	Julio César Morales	Glendale
place of birth	Vuk Ćosić (born July 31, 1966 in Belgrade), graduated from Univerzitet u Beogradu (The university of Belgrade) and earned a BA in Archaeology in 1991, emigrating that year to Trieste, Italy, and the following year to the newly independent Slovenia.	Vuk Ćosić	Belgrade
place of birth	Zomilla Hegyi (born October 31, 1989 in Budapest) is a Hungarian-Spanish sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.	Zomilla Hegyi	Budapest
place of birth	Régis Campo, born in Marseille in 1968, is a French composer.	Régis Campo	Marseille
place of birth	Maurice Kendall was born in Kettering, Northamptonshire as the only child of John Roughton Kendall and Georgina Brewer.	Maurice Kendall	Kettering
place of birth	George Coleman De Kay (born in New York City in 1802; died in Washington, D.C., 31 January 1849) was a naval officer.	George Coleman De Kay	New York City
place of birth	Steve Hodson (born Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire, 5 November 1947) is a British actor who played the role of Steve Ross in Follyfoot.	Steve Hodson	Bradford
place of birth	Qian Lin (simplified Chinese: 钱琳; traditional Chinese: 銭琳; pinyin: Qián Lín; born March 11, 1991 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China), better known in Japan as Linlin (リンリン), is a former Morning Musume member and leader of the Hello!	Linlin	Hangzhou
place of birth	Tom Georgeson (born 8 August 1937 in Liverpool, Lancashire) is an English actor, known for his television and film work.	Tom Georgeson	Liverpool
place of birth	Cheng King Ho (Chinese: 鄭璟昊; Jyutping: zeng6 ging2 hou6, born 7 November 1989 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong Premier League side Eastern.	Cheng King Ho	Hong Kong
place of birth	Robert Bauval (born 5 March 1948 in Alexandria, Egypt) is a Belgian author, lecturer, and Ancient Egypt researcher, best known for his Orion Correlation Theory.	Robert Bauval	Alexandria
place of birth	Nadia Hussain (Urdu: نادیہ حسین‎) (born January 11, 1979 Karachi) is a Pakistani television actress, host, model entrepreneur and fashion designer.	Nadia Hussain	Karachi
place of birth	Wayne Lai Yiu-cheung (Chinese: 黎耀祥; born 4 May 1964) is a Hong Kong TVB actor.	Wayne Lai	Hong Kong
place of birth	Director/writer Salvador Carrasco was born in Mexico City and now resides in Santa Monica, California.	Salvador Carrasco	Mexico City
place of birth	Daryn Tufts (born April 1, 1973 in Arcadia, California) is a writer, director, producer, and actor.	Daryn Tufts	Arcadia
place of birth	Friedrich Gustav Jaeger -- sometimes known as ``Fritz'' -- was born in Kirchberg an der Jagst, a small town in eastern Württemberg (now part of Baden-Württemberg) to the district doctor (later chief doctor), Franz Jaeger and his wife Sofie Katharina (née Schirndinger von Schirnding).	Friedrich Gustav Jaeger	Kirchberg an der Jagst
place of birth	Paul Lambrichts (born 16 October 1954, Lanklaar) is a retired Belgian footballer.	Paul Lambrichts	Lanklaar
place of birth	Paolo Serraino (born March 21, 1942 in Cardeto), is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta in Calabria.	Paolo Serraino	Cardeto
place of birth	Kazimierz Chodziński was born in 1861 in Łańcut, partitioned Poland.	Kazimierz Chodziński	Łańcut
place of birth	Mabel Seeley (née Hodnefield) (March 25, 1903 Herman, Minnesota -- 1991) was an American mystery writer.	Mabel Seeley	Herman, Minnesota
place of birth	Milton Obote was born at Akokoro village in Apac district in northern Uganda.	Milton Obote	Apac
place of birth	Carel S. Scholten (Amsterdam, 1925 -- 2009) was a physicist and a pioneer of computing.	Carel S. Scholten	Amsterdam
place of birth	Paul Youll (born 1965 in Hartlepool, England) is a science fiction and fantasy artist and illustrator.	Paul Youll	Hartlepool
place of birth	Smedley Butler was born July 30, 1881, in West Chester, Pennsylvania, the eldest of three sons.	Smedley Butler	West Chester
place of birth	Şerif Yaçağaz (1876; Pazardjik (Pazardzhik) - October 5, 1938; ?) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army.	Şerif Yaçağaz	Pazardzhik
place of birth	Shannon Emerick (Born in Dallas, Texas) is an American actress who has voiced in a number of English-language localizations of Japanese anime shows with ADV Films and Seraphim Digital.	Shannon Emerick	Dallas
place of birth	Duncan Kgopolelo (born 24 September 1974) is a Botswana footballer who currently plays as a striker for Police XI. He played for the Botswana national football team between 2003 and 2006.	Duncan Kgopolelo	Botswana
place of birth	Edward Whymper was born in London, England on 27 April 1840 to the artist and wood engraver Josiah Wood Whymper and Elizabeth Claridge.	Edward Whymper	London
place of birth	Paula Bzura (born September 4, 1990 in Białystok) is a Polish short-track speed-skater.	Paula Bzura	Białystok
place of birth	Sarah Oppenheimer (b. 1972 Austin, Texas) is a visual artist based in New York City.	Sarah Oppenheimer	Austin
place of birth	Gisela Morón (born January 25, 1977 in Barcelona) is a Spanish synchronized swimmer.	Gisela Morón	Barcelona
place of birth	Władysław Raczkiewicz was born in Kutaisi, the second-largest city in Georgia, at that time part of the Russian Empire to Polish parents Józef Raczkiewicz, a court judge, and Ludwika Łukaszewicz.	Władysław Raczkiewicz	Kutaisi
place of birth	Liao Chengjian (Chinese: 廖承坚; Pinyin: Liào Chéngjiān; born 4 January 1993 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League Two side Heilongjiang Lava Spring.	Liao Chengjian	Shanghai
place of birth	Matt Reiswerg (born July 3, 1980 in Indianapolis) was an American soccer (football) player and coach.	Matt Reiswerg	Indianapolis
place of birth	Born in Des Moines, Iowa, Frank Wykoff has a place in track and field history by being the first man to ever win three Olympic relay gold medals, all in world record time.	Frank Wykoff	Des Moines
place of birth	Born in Paris on 27 November 1898, Jacques Stosskopf was of Alsatian origin and spoke fluent German.	Jacques Stosskopf	Paris
place of birth	Vashti Bunyan was born in Newcastle upon Tyne in 1945 to John and Helen Bunyan, and moved to London at six months old.	Vashti Bunyan	London
place of birth	Diego Pereira Corrêa or simply Diego (born September 18, 1983 in Macaé), is a Brazilian left back who plays for CRB.	Diego Pereira Corrêa	Macaé
place of birth	Ally Scott (born 26 August 1950 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional football player who is best known for his time with Rangers and Hibernian.	Ally Scott	Glasgow
place of birth	Jon Frear was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, the son of Linda, a paralegal, and Joseph Frear, a Radiographer.	Jon Frear	Salt Lake City
place of birth	Giuseppe Falcomatà (born September 18, 1983 in Reggio Calabria) is a lawyer and an Italian politician.	Giuseppe Falcomatà	Reggio Calabria
place of birth	Sigrid Combüchen was born in Solingen in the Ruhr territory).	Sigrid Combüchen	Solingen
place of birth	Antonín Brabec (born April 2, 1946 in Dolní Kounice) is a former Czechoslovak slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s.	Antonín Brabec	Dolní Kounice
place of birth	Archbishop Francis Mansour Zayek (born on October 18, 1920, Manzanillo, Cuba -- died on September 14, 2010) was a prelate of the Maronite Church.	Francis Mansour Zayek	Manzanillo, Cuba
place of birth	Harald Walter Bernhard Schubring (Berlin-Schöneberg, born 9 September 1942), stage name Ted Herold, is a German Schlager singer.	Ted Herold	Berlin
place of birth	Noël Browne was born in Waterford and grew up in Derry, Athlone and Ballinrobe.	Noël Browne	Waterford
place of birth	Vrishasen Dabholkar (Marathi: वृषसेंन दाभोळकर) is an Indian film actor born and brought up in Pune, Mahanrashtra.	Vrishasen Dabholkar	Pune
place of birth	Peter-Erich Cremer, also known by the nickname ``Ali Cremer'', was born in Metz, Alsace-Lorraine, on 25 March 1911.	Peter-Erich Cremer	Metz
place of birth	Herbert William Richmond (born on the 17 July 1863 in Tottenham, England) was a mathematician who studied the Cremona--	Herbert William Richmond	Tottenham
place of birth	Gabriele Dara was born on 8 January 1826 in Palazzo Adriano, a town in Sicily, southern Italy.	Gabriele Dara	Palazzo Adriano
place of birth	Collazo (birth name: Oscar Collazo López ) was born in what is now Florida, Puerto Rico.	Oscar Collazo	Florida, Puerto Rico
place of birth	J. Edward Pawlick (27 April 1927, New York City-7 October 2007, Weston, Massachusetts) was a Massachusetts lawyer, publisher and anti-gay activist.	J. Edward Pawlick	New York City
place of birth	Fran Silvestre Arquitectos is a studio based in Valencia made up a multidisciplinary group of architects founded in 2005 by architect Fran Silvestre.	Fran Silvestre Arquitectos	Valencia
place of birth	Henri-Georges Clouzot was born in Niort, France, to mother Suzanne Clouzot and father Georges Clouzout, a book store owner.	Henri-Georges Clouzot	Niort
place of birth	Winston Groom was born in Washington, D.C., and was raised in Mobile County, Alabama, where he attended University Military School (now known as UMS-Wright Preparatory School).	Winston Groom	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Noel Larkin (born 6 January 1955 in Athlone) is a former Irish footballer who played for Athlone Town, Shamrock Rovers and Derry City.	Noel Larkin	Athlone
place of birth	Audrey La Rizza (born April 21, 1981 in Grenoble) is a French judoka, who played for the half-lightweight category.	Audrey La Rizza	Grenoble
place of birth	Wu Weian (simplified Chinese: 吴伟安; traditional Chinese: 吳偉安; pinyin: Wú Wěiān; Jyutping: Ng4 Wai5 On1; born September 1, 1981 in Meizhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Shenzhen FC in the China League One.	Wu Weian	Meizhou
place of birth	Federico Jordan Gomez (born April 2, 1969 in Torreón, Coahuila) is an editorial illustrator.	Federico Jordan	Torreón
place of birth	The Archbishop Anton Vovk (19 May 1900 -- 7 July 1963) was born in the village of Vrba in Upper Carniola in the same house where the poet France Prešeren had been born 100 years earlier (Vovk was Prešeren's grand-nephew because his grandmother Marija ``Mina'' Volk was Prešeren's sister).	Anton Vovk	Vrba
place of birth	Jacques Teugels (Ixelles, 3 August 1946) is a retired Belgian footballer.	Jacques Teugels	Ixelles
place of birth	Rolfe was born in Heacham, Norfolk, England as the son of John Rolfe and Dorothea Mason, and was baptised on 6 May 1585.	John Rolfe	Heacham
place of birth	Sébastien Pourcel (born February 11, 1985 in Martigues, Bouches-du-Rhône) is a French professional motocross racer competing in the FIM MX1-GP Motocross World Championships.	Sébastien Pourcel	Martigues
place of birth	Larry Aldrich (June 13, 1906 in Manhattan -- October 26, 2001) was an American fashion designer, art collector, and founder of the Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum in Ridgefield, Connecticut.	Larry Aldrich	Manhattan
place of birth	Pedro Guilherme-Moreira (Porto, 1969) is a Portuguese lawyer and novelist.	Pedro Guilherme-Moreira	Porto
place of birth	Gabriele Paleotti (4 October 1522 -- 22 July 1597) was an Italian Cardinal and Archbishop of Bologna.	Gabriele Paleotti	Bologna
place of birth	Pam MacKinnon (born January 8, 1968 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American theatre director.	Pam MacKinnon	Chicago
place of birth	Laurence Mark Wythe (born 8 February 1974, Ashford, Kent, England) is an award winning English composer, lyricist and writer for West End, international and Off-Broadway musicals.	Laurence Mark Wythe	Ashford
place of birth	Anette Norberg (born 12 November 1966) is a retired Swedish curler from Härnösand.	Anette Norberg	Härnösand
place of birth	Nicolas-Germain Léonard (16 March 1744 -- 26 January 1793) was a poet and one of Guadeloupe's first writers.	Nicolas-Germain Léonard	Guadeloupe
place of birth	Belisarius was probably born in Germane or Germania, a fortified town (some archaeological remains exist) on the site of present day Sapareva Banya in south-west Bulgaria, in the borders of Thrace and Illyria.	Belisarius	Illyria
place of birth	Maciej Murawski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmat͡ɕɛj muˈrafskʲi)) (born 20 February 1974 in Zielona Góra) is a Polish former football player.	Maciej Murawski	Zielona Góra
place of birth	Wilton Lines (fl. 1889--1890) was an English professional footballer born in Birmingham.	Wilton Lines	Birmingham
place of birth	Giuseppe Cammarano (4 June 1766 -- 8 October 1850) was an Italian painter and leader of the Academy of Arts in his birthplace of Sciacca, Sicily.	Giuseppe Cammarano	Sciacca
place of birth	Massimo Marchiori (Padua, 1970) is an Italian mathematician and computer scientist.	Massimo Marchiori	Padua
place of birth	Hans von Storch (born 13 August 1949 in Wyk auf Föhr, Schleswig-Holstein) is a German climate scientist.	Hans von Storch	Wyk auf Föhr
place of birth	Jan Martens (born Eindhoven, 19 April 1939) is a Dutch painter.	Jan Martens	Eindhoven
place of birth	Fernando Baquedano was born in Santiago, the son of Miguel Baquedano y Zebreros and of Isidora Rodríguez Rojas.	Fernando Baquedano	Santiago
place of birth	Cameron Jackson (born 16 February 1986, Děčín, Czechoslovakia) is a former pornographic actor who appeared in video and photographic productions, predominately gay bareback, and occasionally in transsexual, heterosexual and bisexual productions and pornographic magazines.	Cameron Jackson	Děčín
place of birth	Dragan Ćeran (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaган Ћepaн ; born 6 October 1987 in Kikinda) is a Serbian football striker who plays for FK Vardar.	Dragan Ćeran	Kikinda
place of birth	Saint Romedius (Italian: San Romedio; died c. 4th century) was a son of the Tyrolese count of Thaur in the Inn valley near Innsbruck).	Romedius	Thaur
place of birth	Anna Perera is a London-born writer.	Anna Perera	London
place of birth	Harmodio Arias Madrid (3 July 1886, in Penonomé, Coclé Province -- 1963) was Panamanian politician.	Harmodio Arias Madrid	Penonomé, Coclé
place of birth	Nirmal Verma was born on 3 April 1929 in Shimla, where his father worked as an officer in the Civil and Serbices Department of the British Indian Government.	Nirmal Verma	Shimla
place of birth	Cryer was born Donald David Cryer in Evanston, Illinois, the son of Pauline (née Spitler) (1910-1952) and Donald Walter Cryer (1909-1988), a well-known Methodist minister in the West Ohio Conference.	David Cryer	Evanston
place of birth	Ryan Anstey (born May 13, 1983 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian former professional soccer player.	Ryan Anstey	Charlottetown
place of birth	Andrew Harwood Mills (born on 5 January 1980 in Halifax, West Yorkshire) is an English actor.	Andrew Harwood Mills	Halifax
place of birth	Anthony Chenevix-Trench, born at Kasauli on 10 May 1919, was the youngest of four sons born to the couple, the older ones being Christopher, Richard and Godfrey.	Anthony Chenevix-Trench	Kasauli
place of birth	The son of a Russian-Jewish fur haulier, Nikolaus Pevsner was born in Leipzig, Saxony.	Nikolaus Pevsner	Leipzig
place of birth	Lopo Soares de Albergaria (Lisbon, c. 1460 -- Torres Vedras, c. 1520) was the third Governor of Portuguese India, having reached India in 1515 to supersede governor Afonso de Albuquerque.	Lopo Soares de Albergaria	Lisbon
place of birth	Sarah Shahi was born on January 10, 1980, in Euless, Texas, and raised there.	Sarah Shahi	Euless
place of birth	Georg Balthasar Metzger (23 September 1623 -- 9 October 1687) was a German physician and scientist notable as one of the four founding members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina in Schweinfurt.	Georg Balthasar Metzger	Schweinfurt
place of birth	Gian Luigi Gessa is a professor of Neuropsychopharmacology at the University of Cagliari, where he has led for a long time the Department of Neurosciences.	Gian Luigi Gessa	Cagliari
place of birth	Theodor von Dusch (17 September 1824 - 1890) was a German physician who was the native of Karlsruhe.	Theodor von Dusch	Karlsruhe
place of birth	Jean-Augustin Franquelin (1798, in Paris -- 1839, in Paris), was instructed by Regnault, and became known through his works, representing scenes in public life, conversation-pieces, &c., which have often been copied.	Jean-Augustin Franquelin	Paris
place of birth	Jörg Kuebart was born in Allenstein, East Prussia (today Olsztyn, Poland).	Jörg Kuebart	Olsztyn
place of birth	Meltem Arıkan (born January 7, 1968 in Ankara) is a Turkish novelist and playwright.	Meltem Arıkan	Ankara
place of birth	David Giménez Carreras (born in Barcelona in 1964) is a Spanish conductor.	David Giménez Carreras	Barcelona
place of birth	Ángel Pacheco (Buenos Aires, April 13, 1793 -- Ditto., September 25, 1869), was an Argentine military officer trained by José de San Martín who later became one of the top commanders in the Confederacy during the dictatorship of Juan Manuel de Rosas.	Ángel Pacheco	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Robert Vaden attended Cathedral High School and Pike High School in Indianapolis, Indiana and Bridgton Academy in Bridgton, Maine.	Robert Vaden	Indianapolis
place of birth	José Dutra dos Santos, usually known simply as Dutra (born on January 26, 1948 in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro state), is a Brazilian retired footballer.	José Dutra dos Santos	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Hans-Henrik Ørsted (born December 13, 1954 in Grenå) is a Danish former professional track cyclist and multi-medalist in the Olympics and World Championships at pursuit.	Hans-Henrik Ørsted	Grenå
place of birth	Mike DiMeo (born November 29, 1968 in New York City) is a hard rock/heavy metal vocalist, best known for his work in the band Riot, which he left in late 2006.	Mike DiMeo	New York City
place of birth	Mahdi al-Harati (born c. 1973) is an Irish-Libyan politician and former co-commander of the Tripoli Brigade during the Libyan Civil War.	Mahdi al-Harati	Tripoli
place of birth	Marios Elia (Greek: Μάριος Ηλία; born April 14, 1979 in Nicosia) is a retired Cypriot professional footballer and current assistant manager of Chrysis Michael at Cypriot Second Division side Olympiakos Nicosia.	Marios Elia	Nicosia
place of birth	Tiago Adan Fonseca or simply Tiago Adan (born March 14, 1988 in Votorantim), is a Brazilian striker who is currently playing for the Brazilin club América de Natal.	Tiago Adan	Votorantim
place of birth	Michał Janota (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmixaw jaˈnɔta); born 29 July 1990 in Gubin) is a Polish footballer who plays as a winger for Górnik Zabrze.	Michał Janota	Gubin
place of birth	Sébastien Heitzmann (born 11 September 1979 in Lyon) is a retired French football striker who last played for Amiens SC.	Sébastien Heitzmann	Lyon
place of birth	Julien Bahain (born April 20, 1986 in Angers) is a rower of French/Canadian origin.	Julien Bahain	Angers
place of birth	Laura Aguilar (born San Gabriel, California, 1959) is an American photographer.	Laura Aguilar	San Gabriel
place of birth	Along with several other members of Rock Steady Crew, Ken Swift performed regularly in local clubs at events such as Negril, Danceteria, the Kitchen and the Roxy, and he participated in the world's very first International Hip Hop tour ''New York City Rap``.	Ken Swift	New York City
place of birth	Franz Mattenklott was born on 19 November 1884 in Grünberg, a city in the Prussian Province of Silesia (Provinz Schlesien) (since 1945 the city is named Zielona Góra and belongs to Poland) to Dietrich Mattenklott and his wife Elfriede, née Duttenhöfer.	Franz Mattenklott	Zielona Góra
place of birth	Jochen Sachse (born 2 October 1948 in Frankenberg, Saxony) is an East German former track and field athlete who competed mainly in the hammer throw.	Jochen Sachse	Frankenberg
place of birth	Bill Crider (born 1941 in Mexia, Texas) is an American author of Mystery fiction.	Bill Crider	Mexia
place of birth	Sam Gilliam was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and was the seventh of eight children born to Sam and Estery Gilliam.	Sam Gilliam	Tupelo
place of birth	Suzanne Enoch (born California) is an American author of best-selling contemporary and historical Regency romance novels.	Suzanne Enoch	California
place of birth	Agostino Cilardo, (San Prisco, 1947) is an Italian professor, Arabist and specialist in islamic studies.	Agostino Cilardo	San Prisco
place of birth	Ignacio Zuloaga y Zabaleta (July 26, 1870 -- October 31, 1945) was a Basque painter, born in Eibar (Guipuzcoa), near the monastery of Loyola.	Ignacio Zuloaga	Eibar
place of birth	Tiina-Rakel Liekki (born September 20, 1979 in Suonenjoki) is a Finnish artist, freelance journalist, writer, director and producer, and former pornographic actress.	Rakel Liekki	Suonenjoki
place of birth	Albert Cartier, born November 22, 1960, in Vesoul, Haute-Saône, is a former football player and current manager.	Albert Cartier	Vesoul
place of birth	Lukas Mathies (born March 15, 1991 in Schruns) is an Austrian alpine snowboarder.	Lukas Mathies	Schruns
place of birth	Rhoda Montemayor (born 31 May 1979 in London) is an actress and dancer of Filipino heritage.	Rhoda Montemayor	London
place of birth	Benedetto Santapaola (born June 4, 1938), better known as Nitto is a prominent mafioso from Catania, the main city and industrial centre on Sicily's east coast.	Benedetto Santapaola	Catania
place of birth	João Moreira Salles (Rio de Janeiro, born 1962) is a Brazilian documentarian and president of the Instituto Moreira Salles.	João Moreira Salles	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	June Rae Wood grew up in Versailles, Missouri, with 7 siblings: 4 brothers and 3 sisters.	June Rae Wood	Versailles
place of birth	Anthony D. G. Pratt (born 27 November 1937) is a British production designer from London, England.	Anthony D. G. Pratt	London
place of birth	Hallvard Flatland (born 10 February 1957 in Flatdal, Seljord), is a Norwegian television presenter.	Hallvard Flatland	Flatdal
place of birth	Abdoulaye Soumah (born November 12, 1985 in Conakry) is a Guinean football player whocurrently plays for AS Batè Nafadji.	Abdoulaye Soumah	Conakry
place of birth	Meghan Allen (born November 12, 1980 in Meadville, Pennsylvania) is an American softcore model and reality show contestant.	Meghan Allen	Meadville
place of birth	Petrik Sander (born 17 November 1960 in Quedlinburg) is a German former footballer and current manager of TuS Koblenz.	Petrik Sander	Quedlinburg
place of birth	Harold Gaba (born January 22, 1946, in Oakland) (aka Hal Gaba) was the CEO and President of Act III Communications Holdings, L.P, a U.S. film production company.	Harold Gaba	Oakland
place of birth	Primož Kozmus (born September 30, 1979 in Novo Mesto) is a Slovenian hammer thrower.	Primož Kozmus	Novo Mesto
place of birth	Joseph O'Beirne was born on 15 June 1900 in the town of Waterford in south-east Ireland.	Joseph O'Beirne	Waterford
place of birth	John Morris Sheppard was born in Morris County in east Texas, the oldest of seven children, to lawyer and later judge and United States Representative John Levi Sheppard, and his wife, the former Margaret Alice Eddins.	Morris Sheppard	Morris County
place of birth	John Scaddan was born in Moonta, South Australia, into a Cornish Australian family.	John Scaddan	Moonta, South Australia
place of birth	Ricky Rudd was born in Norfolk County, Virginia, now Chesapeake, the son of Margaret (née McMannen) and Alvin R. Rudd, Sr., the president of Al Rudd Auto Parts.	Ricky Rudd	Norfolk
place of birth	Nadezhda Durova was born in an army camp at Kiev, the daughter of a Russian major.	Nadezhda Durova	Kiev
place of birth	Lauritz Schoof (born 7 October 1990 in Rendsburg) is a German rower).	Lauritz Schoof	Rendsburg
place of birth	Monsef Zerka (Arabic: منصف زرقا‎, born 30 August 1981 in Orléans) is a French-born Moroccan professional footballer.	Monsef Zerka	Orléans
place of birth	Keith Hunter Jesperson was born on 6 April 1955, to Leslie (Les) and Gladys Jesperson in Chilliwack, British Columbia, the middle child with two brothers and two sisters.	Keith Hunter Jesperson	Chilliwack
place of birth	Louise Wallis was born in 1964, into a musical family in Birmingham, England.	Louise Wallis	Birmingham
place of birth	Oscar Howe (Mazuha Hokshina or ``Trader Boy'', May 13, 1915 -- October 7, 1983) was an Yanktonai Dakota artist from South Dakota, who became well known for his casein and tempera paintings.	Oscar Howe	South Dakota
place of birth	William Owusu Acheampong (born September 13, 1989 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Antwerp, as a striker.	William Owusu	Accra
place of birth	Ryan began his swimming career in Port Augusta, where the Ryan Mitchell municipal swimming center is named after him today.	Ryan Mitchell	Port Augusta
place of birth	Juan Eduardo Fierro Ribera (born June 23, 1988 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a Bolivian football who plays for Bolivian First Division club Universitario de Sucre and the Bolivian national team.	Eduardo Fierro	Santa Cruz
place of birth	Maria Dahvana Headley (born June 21, 1977 in Estacada, Oregon) is an American novelist, memoirist, editor, and playwright.	Maria Dahvana Headley	Estacada, Oregon
place of birth	Joshua Radin was born and raised in Shaker Heights, Ohio, to a Jewish family of Polish, German, Austrian, and Russian background.	Joshua Radin	Shaker Heights
place of birth	Vivian Chow (Chinese: 周慧敏; pinyin: Zhōu Huìmǐn) is a Hong Kong-based Cantopop singer and actress.	Vivian Chow	Hong Kong
place of birth	Fabrizio Bentivoglio was born in Milan (his father is Venetian).	Fabrizio Bentivoglio	Milan
place of birth	Kyle Benedictus (born 7 December 1991, in Dundee) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a centre half.	Kyle Benedictus	Dundee
place of birth	Simon Kenton was born at the headwaters of Mill Run in the Bull Run Mountains on April 3, 1755, in what is now Fauquier County, Virginia to Mark Kenton, Sr. (an immigrant from Ireland) and Mary Miller Kenton (whose family was Scots-Welsh in ancestry).	Simon Kenton	Fauquier County
place of birth	Anand Bakshi (Bakhshi Anand Prakash Vaid) was born in Rawalpindi, now in Pakistan, in 1930.	Anand Bakshi	Rawalpindi
place of birth	Anhayla was born in Norfolk, Virginia and began singing at the age of 5.	Anhayla	Norfolk
place of birth	Michael Walchhofer (born 28 April 1975, in Radstadt) is a former Austrian alpine ski racer.	Michael Walchhofer	Radstadt
place of birth	Charles Kleiber (b. 9 December 1942 in Moutier) is a former Swiss state secretary.	Charles Kleiber	Moutier
place of birth	Born on 12 March 1998 in Kirov, Kirov Oblast, Russia, Elizaveta Ukolova moved with her family to the Czech Republic when she was two years old.	Elizaveta Ukolova	Kirov
place of birth	Morgan Lamoisson (born 7 September 1988 in Issoudun) is a French cyclist currently riding for Direct Énergie.	Morgan Lamoisson	Issoudun
place of birth	Luca Pancalli (born April 16, 1964 in Rome) is a sports manager and former swimmer.	Luca Pancalli	Rome
place of birth	Born in Uster on 16 April 1941 as the son of Mary Ida (née Wunderli) and Carlo Demetrio Sablonier, Roger Sablonier grew up with two sisters.	Roger Sablonier	Uster
place of birth	Federico Bruno (born 18 June 1993 in Concordia, Entre Ríos) is an Argentine middle- and long-distance runner.	Federico Bruno	Concordia
place of birth	Wafaa Lamrani (born 1960, in Ksar el-Kebir) is a Moroccan poet.	Wafaa Lamrani	Ksar el-Kebir
place of birth	Juan Carlos Chirinos García (Valera, May 3, 1967) is a Venezuelan writer and creative writing teacher.	Juan Carlos Chirinos	Valera
place of birth	Gary Bellamy (born July 4, 1962 in Worksop) is an English former professional footballer.	Gary Bellamy	Worksop
place of birth	Bodo Schmidt (born September 3, 1967 in Niebüll) is a German football coach and a former player who is currently managing SV Frisia 03 Risum-Lindholm.	Bodo Schmidt	Niebüll
place of birth	Alex Zanardi was born in Bologna, Italy, as the son of Anna and Dino and moved with his family to the village of Castel Maggiore on the outskirts of the city when he was four.	Alex Zanardi	Bologna
place of birth	Rita Wilden, née Jahn (born 9 October 1947 in Leipzig) is a German athlete, who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Rita Wilden	Leipzig
place of birth	Sherry Jackson (born February 15, 1942, Wendell, Idaho) is an American actress and former child star.	Sherry Jackson	Wendell
place of birth	Patrick Dimbala (born 20 September 1982 in Kinshasa) is a Congolese-Belgian footballer who currently plays for Dender EH in the Belgian Third Division.	Patrick Dimbala	Kinshasa
place of birth	Ursula Engelen-Kefer (born 20 June 1943 in Prague) held the position of Deputy Chairman of the German Confederation of Trade Unions (Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund; DGB) from 1990 to 2006.	Ursula Engelen-Kefer	Prague
place of birth	Cliff Bayer (born June 24, 1977, in New York City) is an American two-time Olympian foil fencer.	Cliff Bayer	New York City
place of birth	Alain de Mijolla (born 15 May 1933, Paris) is a French psychoanalyst and psychiatrist.	Alain de Mijolla	Paris
place of birth	Mikuláš Konopka (born 23 January 1979 in Rimavská Sobota, Banská Bystrica) is a retired Slovak shot putter.	Mikuláš Konopka	Rimavská Sobota
place of birth	Born in New York City, New York, Johnny Hope was one of four children born to James ``Old Jimmy'' Hope in 1856.	Johnny Hope	New York City
place of birth	Jean Fournet (born in Rouen 14 April 1913 -- died in Weesp 3 November 2008) was a French conductor.	Jean Fournet	Rouen
place of birth	Jacques Scherer was educated at the Ecole Normale Supérieure and then studied at the Sorbonne University in Paris, gaining his doctorate.	Jacques Scherer	Paris
place of birth	Lance E. Nichols (born July 13, 1955) is an American actor from New Orleans, Louisiana, best known for playing dentist Larry Williams on Treme.	Lance E. Nichols	New Orleans
place of birth	Jaroslav Radoň (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaroslaf ˈradoɲ); born 3 September 1986 in Kutná Hora) is a Czech sprint canoeist.	Jaroslav Radoň	Kutná Hora
place of birth	Gustavo Fuentes (born 8 April 1973 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine footballer who plays as a striker.	Gustavo Fuentes	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Fabio Fabiani (born October 13, 1974 in Ravenna) is an Italian auto racing driver.	Fabio Fabiani	Ravenna
place of birth	Nicole Boegman-Stewart, formerly married Staines (born 5 March 1967 in Sydney) is a retired Australian long jumper.	Nicole Boegman	Sydney
place of birth	José de los Santos Berreyesa was born in Yerba Buena (present day San Francisco) in northern Alta California of Mexico.	José de los Santos Berreyesa	San Francisco
place of birth	Ramzi Safouri (Arabic: رمزي ســفــوري‎, Hebrew: רמזי ספורי‎ ; born October 21, 1995) is an Arab-Israeli footballer who currently plays at Hapoel Tel Aviv.	Ramzi Safouri	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Sahiba also known as Sahiba Afzal is a Pakistani film actress based in Lahore, born Madiha, daughter of actress Nisho.	Sahiba Afzal	Lahore
place of birth	Gabriela Lena Frank (born Berkeley, California, United States, September 1972) is an American pianist and composer of contemporary classical music.	Gabriela Lena Frank	Berkeley, California
place of birth	S. Janaki was born on 23 April 1938 in a Telugu-speaking family in Pallapatla, Repalle Town, in Guntur, Madras Presidency, British India (now in Andhra Pradesh).	S. Janaki	Repalle
place of birth	Tanya Donelly (born July 14, 1966, in Newport, Rhode Island) is an American Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter and guitarist based in New England who co-founded Throwing Muses with her stepsister Kristin Hersh.	Tanya Donelly	Newport
place of birth	Thomas Nathaniel Davies (1922--1996) was a Welsh artist and teacher, born in Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Wales.	Thomas Nathaniel Davies	Dowlais
place of birth	Frederick James Furnivall was born at Egham, Surrey, the son of a surgeon who had made his fortune from running the Great Fosters lunatic asylum.	Frederick James Furnivall	Egham
place of birth	Clarence H. Miller (born c. 1930 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American professor emeritus of English at Saint Louis University.	Clarence H. Miller	Kansas City
place of birth	Annie Walke or Anne Fearon Walke (1877 Banstead, Surrey - 1965 Penzance) was an English artist.	Annie Walke	Banstead
place of birth	Glenn McCuen was born on February 3, 1991 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana to parents Glenn McCuen and Kathy Authement-McCuen.	Glenn McCuen	Baton Rouge
place of birth	Holly Peers (born 30 July 1987) is an English glamour model, born in Manchester, England.	Holly Peers	Manchester
place of birth	Jan Nezmar (born 5 July 1977 in Opava) is a former Czech football player who played as a striker or central defender.	Jan Nezmar	Opava
place of birth	Dzintars Ābiķis (born June 3, 1952 in Ventspils) is a Latvian politician and a Deputy of the Saeima since 1993.	Dzintars Ābiķis	Ventspils
place of birth	Dakota Cochrane (born May 1, 1986) is a mixed martial artist from Fairbury, Nebraska.	Dakota Cochrane	Fairbury
place of birth	Guido Maus (born 5 November 1964, Malmedy) is a Belgian-born gallery owner, gallerist, curator, and long-time collector of contemporary art currently living and working in Birmingham, Alabama.	Guido Maus	Malmedy
place of birth	Brandon Hardesty was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the youngest child in the family.	Brandon Hardesty	Baltimore
place of birth	Stanislav Moša (12 February 1956, Nový Jičín) is a Czech theatre and musical director, manager, lyricist and librettist.	Stanislav Moša	Nový Jičín
place of birth	Larisa Yurkiw (born March 30, 1988) is a Canadian World Cup alpine ski racer, specializing in the speed events of downhill and super-G. Born in Owen Sound, Ontario, Yurkiw made her World Cup debut at Altenmarkt-Zauchensee, Austria, in a downhill event in January 2007.	Larisa Yurkiw	Owen Sound
place of birth	Pervaiz Kaleem is a Pakistani film director, producer and writer based in Lahore.	Pervaiz Kaleem	Lahore
place of birth	James D. Miller was born in New York or New Jersey in 1830, and arrived on the Pacific Coast in 1848.	James D. Miller	New York
place of birth	Marian Van Landingham was born in Albany, Georgia and graduated from Druid Hills High School in Atlanta in 1955.	Marian Van Landingham	Albany
place of birth	Jean-Paul Abadie was born in Lannemezan in the department of Hautes-Pyrénées.	Jean-Paul Abadie	Lannemezan
place of birth	Carpocrates of Alexandria was the founder of an early Gnostic sect from the first half of the 2nd century.	Carpocrates	Alexandria
place of birth	Parsa Pirouzfar (Persian: پارسا پیروزفر‎‎ , born September 13, 1972 in Tehran), is an Iranian actor and theater director.	Parsa Pirouzfar	Tehran
place of birth	Eyerusalem Kuma (born 7 September 1981 in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner, who competes in marathons.	Eyerusalem Kuma	Addis Ababa
place of birth	Juan Gasparini (born 1949 in Azul, Buenos Aires) is an Argentinian investigative journalist and author.	Juan Gasparini	Azul
place of birth	Martiros Sarukhanyan (Martik Levonyan, 1873, Shusha - 1895, Garahisar mountain, Western Armenia) was an Armenian fedayee, political activist.	Martiros Sarukhanyan	Shusha
place of birth	Kathleen Kirkham (April 15, 1895 -- November 7, 1961) was a silent film actress from Menominee, Michigan.	Kathleen Kirkham	Menominee
place of birth	William Paul Roberts was born July 11, 1841 in Gates County, North Carolina the son of John S. and Jane Roberts.	William Paul Roberts	Gates County
place of birth	Frank Padavan (born October 31, 1934, in Brooklyn, New York) is an engineer and was a Republican New York state senator representing District 11, located in Queens County.	Frank Padavan	Brooklyn
place of birth	Dziwisz was born in the village of Raba Wyżna to Stanisław Dziwisz, a railroad worker, and his wife, Zofia Bielarczyk.	Stanisław Dziwisz	Raba Wyżna
place of birth	Massoud Behnoud, (مسعود بهنود in Persian) a prominent Iranian journalist, historian and writer, was born on July 27, 1947 in Tehran.	Massoud Behnoud	Tehran
place of birth	Ross Winn (August 25, 1871--August 8, 1912) was an American anarchist writer and publisher from Texas who was mostly active within the Southern United States.	Ross Winn	Texas
place of birth	Franjo Šimić (May 25, 1900 near Gospić -- August 9, 1944 in Mostar) was a Croatian colonel, and later general, in the Croatian Home Guard.	Franjo Šimić	Gospić
place of birth	David Xavier Cifu (born July 17, 1962, New York City, New York) is an American physiatrist, researcher, and medical educator.	David Xavier Cifu	New York City
place of birth	Irina Karavayeva (born 18 May 1975 in Krasnodar) is a Russian trampolinist, competing at an international level since 1990.	Irina Karavayeva	Krasnodar
place of birth	Richard Cansino (born August 10, 1953 in Los Angeles, California) is an American voice actor.	Richard Cansino	Los Angeles
place of birth	Janet Suzman was born in Johannesburg to a Jewish family, the daughter of Betty (née Sonnenberg) and Saul Suzman, a wealthy tobacco importer.	Janet Suzman	Johannesburg
place of birth	Romualdas Ramanauskas (born 4 February 1950, Vilnius) is a Lithuanian film and theater actor.	Romualdas Ramanauskas	Vilnius
place of birth	Richard Coke was born in 1829 in Williamsburg, Virginia, to John and Eliza (Hankins) Coke.	Richard Coke	Williamsburg
place of birth	Antonio Ferrero was born into a poor family in Savona.	Antonio Ferrero	Savona
place of birth	Born in Kizlyar, Dagestan, Roman Bagration enrolled in the Chuguevsk Cossack regiment as an uryadnik (a Cossack NCO) at the age of 13 (1791).	Roman Bagration	Kizlyar
place of birth	Michael Spindler (born 22 December 1942 in Berlin) was president and CEO of Apple from 1993 to 1996.	Michael Spindler	Berlin
place of birth	Kenji Treschuk (born December 26, 1982 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American soccer player, currently for Wan Chai Sports Federation.	Kenji Treschuk	Honolulu
place of birth	Jeroen Ketting (born 10 November 1980 in Haarlem) is a former Dutch professional footballer who last played as a striker for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Jeroen Ketting	Haarlem
place of birth	Valeriy Kutsenko (Ukrainian: Валерій Вікторович Куценко; born 2 November 1986 in Kremenchuk, Poltava Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football player who is currently playing for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Valeriy Kutsenko	Kremenchuk
place of birth	Gopal Ganesh Agarkar was born in a Koknastha Brahman family on 14 July 1856 in Tembhu, a Thembu village in, Karad Taluka Satara district of Maharashtra.He was friend of Nilkanth Tidke Agarkar had his primary education from Karad (till 3rd Standard, English medium).	Gopal Ganesh Agarkar	Satara
place of birth	Robert Citerne (born 10 February 1961 in Paris) is a French wheelchair fencer, who earned four gold medals out of seven Paralympic participations.	Robert Citerne	Paris
place of birth	Lana Wolf (born 14 December 1975 in Wezep, Gelderland) sang with many international artists, among which are The Trammps, George McCrae, Londonbeat, Frans Bauer, René Froger, Gerard Cox and Linda, Roos and Jessica as well as with the Metropole Orchestra.	Lana Wolf	Wezep
place of birth	Whitehouse was born in New York City, New York, the son of Mary Celine (née Rand) and career diplomat Charles Sheldon Whitehouse, and grandson of diplomat Sheldon Whitehouse.	Sheldon Whitehouse	New York City
place of birth	On 26 July 1889, Godwin von Brumowski was born into a military family in Wadowice, Galicia, in Poland.	Godwin von Brumowski	Wadowice
place of birth	Clive Gates (born 11 March 1956, Westminster, London) was the keyboardist and synthesizer player of the synthpop band, New Musik, from 1979 until 1982, replacing original member Nick Straker, who left to form the Nick Straker Band.	Clive Gates	Westminster
place of birth	Zoran Cilinšek (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Цилиншек, born 20 March 1976 in Bečej) is a Serbian retired football player.	Zoran Cilinšek	Bečej
place of birth	Linda Corbould was raised in Tasmania, Australia and joined the RAAF in 1981.	Linda Corbould	Tasmania
place of birth	Artur Fonvizin was born on 11 January 1883 in Riga, Latvia, the son of a German-born forester.	Artur Fonvizin	Riga
place of birth	Saroj Ghose, born in Kolkata, is an Indian science popularizer and museum maker.	Saroj Ghose	Kolkata
place of birth	Nikolai Vladimirovich Ivanov (Russian: Николай Владимирович Иванов; born January 24, 1964 in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg)) is a Russian football referee.	Nikolai Vladimirovich Ivanov	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Shen Jingdong (Chinese: 沈敬东; pinyin: Shĕn Jìngdōng, born 1965 in Nanjing), is a contemporary Chinese artist, noted for his paintings and sculpture of Chinese iconography.	Shen Jingdong	Nanjing
place of birth	Walter Cartwright (born January 1871 in Nantwich) was an English footballer who played at half-back, although he could play at several positions.	Walter Cartwright	Nantwich
place of birth	Dinos Kouis (Greek: Ντίνος Κούης) was a Greek footballer who some say, was the best player ever to wear the jersey of Aris Thessaloniki.	Dinos Kouis	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Dušan Ivanov (Born 17 February 1991 in Niš) (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Иванов) is a Serbian footballer who last played for Donji Srem.	Dušan Ivanov	Niš
place of birth	Born in Cruz das Almas, Bahia, Zé Augusto started his career in Atlético Alagoinhas, and later moved to state giants Vitória in 1981.	Zé Augusto	Bahia
place of birth	Dwight Schar grew up in rural northeast Ohio and graduated from Norwayne High School in 1960.	Dwight Schar	Ohio
place of birth	Rodrigo Vieira Heffner, Rodrigo Heffner (born September 8, 1982 in Porto Alegre), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Santo André as right back.	Rodrigo Heffner	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Friedrich Honigmann (2 March 1841 in Düren -- 19 December 1913 in Aix-la-chapelle) was a German coal entrepreneur.	Friedrich Honigmann	Düren
place of birth	Gabriele Morganti (born 23 November 1958 in Senigallia) is an Italian professional football player and manager.	Gabriele Morganti	Senigallia
place of birth	Joaquín Miguel Elizalde (August 2, 1896 Manila - February 9, 1965 Washington, D. C.) was a Philippine statesman.	Joaquín Miguel Elizalde	Manila
place of birth	Denis Bédard (born 1950 in Quebec City) is a Canadian composer of organ works (solo, duet, and with other instruments) and choral pieces (a cappella, with organ, and with piano).	Denis Bédard	Quebec City
place of birth	Manuel Philes (c. 1275--1345), of Ephesus, Byzantine poet.	Manuel Philes	Ephesus
place of birth	Djamila Rakhmatova (Russian: Джамиля Рахматова; born 19 September 1990 in Tashkent) is a retired individual Uzbekistani rhythmic gymnast.	Djamila Rakhmatova	Tashkent
place of birth	Arthur Trevor Lawless (born 23 March 1932 in Cottam, Nottinghamshire, England), is an English footballer who played as a centre half in the Football League.	Trevor Lawless	Cottam, Nottinghamshire
place of birth	Fernando Manzaneque Sánchez (February 4, 1934 -- June 5, 2004) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist born in Campo de Criptana.	Fernando Manzaneque	Campo de Criptana
place of birth	Kasper Winther Jørgensen (born 21 March 1985, in Copenhagen) is a Danish rower.	Kasper Winther Jørgensen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Born in Gibraltar 22 April 1736 to British military engineer James Gabriel Montresor and his first wife, Mary Haswell, John Montresor spent his early life there (and presumably on Minorca, where his father was briefly stationed).	John Montresor	Gibraltar
place of birth	Andrew Trim (born 30 December 1968 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian flatwater canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade).	Andrew Trim	Sydney
place of birth	Warren Shouldice (born April 1, 1983 in Calgary) is a retired Canadian freestyle skier.	Warren Shouldice	Calgary
place of birth	Steffi Nerius (born 1 July 1972 in Bergen auf Rügen, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a German athlete competing in the javelin throw.	Steffi Nerius	Bergen auf Rügen
place of birth	Francesco Cappuccio (unknown -- December 5, 1892), better known as Ciccio Cappuccio or 'O Signorino, was a legendary Guappo and the capintesta (head-in-chief) of the Camorra, a Mafia-type organisation in Naples in Italy, in the last half of the 19th century.	Ciccio Cappuccio	Naples
place of birth	Born in Minsk, Dzmitry Us graduated from the University of Hrodna.	Dzmitry Us	Minsk
place of birth	Zhou Weihui (simplified Chinese: 周卫慧; traditional Chinese: 周衛慧; pinyin: Zhōu Wèihuì, born Ningbo, 1973) is a Chinese Post 70s Generation writer, living and working in Shanghai and New York City.	Zhou Weihui	Ningbo
place of birth	Born in Torrelavega, Cantabria, Pachín signed for Real Madrid in 1959 from Segunda División club CA Osasuna.	Pachín	Torrelavega
place of birth	Frederick Rolf (born Rolf Günther Friedrichs August 14, 1926 in Berlin) is an actor and director whose career spans British and American film, theater, television and opera.	Frederick Rolf	Berlin
place of birth	Lope K. Santos was born in Pasig, Province of Manila (now a part of Metro Manila), as Lope Santos y Canseco to Ladislao Santos, a native of Pasig and Victorina Canseco, a native of San Mateo on September 25, 1879.	Lope K. Santos	Pasig
place of birth	Guo Shoujing (Chinese: 郭守敬; pinyin: Guō Shǒujìng; Wade--Giles: Kuo Shou-ching, 1231--1316), courtesy name Ruosi (若思), was a Chinese astronomer, engineer, and mathematician born in Xingtai, Hebei who lived during the Yuan Dynasty (1271--1368).	Guo Shoujing	Xingtai
place of birth	Tinarie Van Wyk-Loots (born 17 December 1980 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is an actress known for her roles in War of the Worlds and Mojave Phone Booth.	Tinarie Van Wyk-Loots	Johannesburg
place of birth	Nikolay Punin was born in Helsingfors (now Helsinki), Grand Duchy of Finland, into the family of Nikolay Mikhaylovich Punin, a Medical Doctor of the Imperial Russian Army stationed in Helsingfors.	Nikolay Punin	Helsinki
place of birth	Štěpánka Hilgertová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃcɛpaːŋka ˈɦɪlɡɛrtovaː)) (née Prošková, born 10 April 1968 in Prague) is a Czechoslovak-Czech slalom canoer who has competed since the late 1980s.	Štěpánka Hilgertová	Prague
place of birth	Stephen Lichtenbaum (1939 in Brooklyn) is an American mathematician who is working in the fields of algebraic geometry, algebraic number theory and algebraic K-theory.	Stephen Lichtenbaum	Brooklyn
place of birth	Barry Donachie (born 21 December 1979 in Dundee) is a Scottish footballer who is currently without a club following his release from Forfar Athletic.	Barry Donachie	Dundee
place of birth	Rear Admiral Samuel Perez, Jr., a native of El Paso, Texas, graduated from the United States Naval Academy on May 28, 1980.	Samuel Perez, Jr.	El Paso
place of birth	Christopher Theofanidis (born December 18, 1967 in Dallas, Texas) is an American composer whose works have been performed by leading orchestras from around the world, including the London Symphony, the Philadelphia Orchestra, the Moscow Soloists, the National, Atlanta, Baltimore, St. Louis, Detroit, and many others.	Christopher Theofanidis	Dallas
place of birth	Rade Bogdanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Раде Богдановић; born 21 May 1970 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player.	Rade Bogdanović	Sarajevo
place of birth	Luiz Fernando de Almeida da Silva (born 14 January 1986 in Campo Grande) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a left back for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga.	Luiz Fernando de Almeida da Silva	Campo Grande
place of birth	Adam Hewison (born 1945, in Newcastle upon Tyne, England) is a former professional floor trader and author, best known for his technical analysis of the currency markets.	Adam Hewison	Newcastle upon Tyne
place of birth	Guy Warrack (6 February 1900, Edinburgh - 12 February 1986, Englefield Green) was Scottish composer and conductor.	Guy Warrack	Edinburgh
place of birth	Idan Tal (Hebrew: עידן טל‎; born 13 September 1975 in Jerusalem) is a former Israeli professional footballer who now works as a manager.	Idan Tal	Jerusalem
place of birth	Nathan Rutjes (born 1 December 1983 in Rotterdam), is a Dutch footballer who plays for Dutch Eredivisie club Roda JC Kerkrade.	Nathan Rutjes	Rotterdam
place of birth	Francisco Antonio Manzanares, son of Jose Antonio Manzanares and Maria Manuela Valdez, was born in Abiquiú, New Mexico, on January 25, 1843.	Francisco Antonio Manzanares	Abiquiú
place of birth	Kelsey-Beth Crossley (born 8 July 1992) is a British actress from Fleetwood, England, who played the part of Scarlett Nicholls, the secret teenage daughter of deceased millionaire Tom King and Carrie Nicholls on the ITV soap opera Emmerdale.	Kelsey-Beth Crossley	Fleetwood
place of birth	Aferdita Podvorica (born 10 September 1978 in Podujevo) is an Albanian women's football striker.	Aferdita Podvorica	Podujevo
place of birth	Trinidad Romero was born in Santa Fe, Santa Fe County (then a part of the Republic of Mexico), New Mexico, Romero was educated by private tutors.	Trinidad Romero	Santa Fe
place of birth	Kameisha Jerae Hodge (pronounced /kəmiːʃə dʒɛreɪ hɒdʒ/; born on November 1, 1989) is an African-American writer from Washington, D.C. Rising to prominence in 2007, her activity in the literary and media communities became promising.	Kameisha Jerae Hodge	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	In about 713, Emperor Anastasius II appointed the Armenian Artabasdos as governor (stratēgos) of the Armeniac theme (Θέμα Άρμενιάκων, Thema Armeniakōn), the successor of the Army of Armenia, which occupied the old areas of the Pontus, Armenia Minor, and northern Cappadocia, with its capital at Amasea.	Artabasdos	Armenia
place of birth	Birendranath Sasmal was born to a Bengali Mahishya family in Contai, in undivided Midnapore district.	Birendranath Sasmal	Contai
place of birth	James McPake (born 24 June 1984 in Bellshill) is a professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership side Dundee.	James McPake	Bellshill
place of birth	Juan Carlos Boveri (San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Buenos Aires, September 14, 1950) is an award-winning Argentine author of novel and short stories, as well as a psychologist, sociologist and cultural anthropologist.	Juan Carlos Boveri	San Nicolás de los Arroyos
place of birth	Sebastiano Visconti Prasca (23 January 1883, Rome -- 1961) was an Italian general.	Sebastiano Visconti Prasca	Rome
place of birth	Şükrü Birand (born 1944 in Ankara) was a Turkish football player of Fenerbahçe.	Şükrü Birand	Ankara
place of birth	Günther Brendel (often incorrectly named in sources as Günter Brendel) (born Weida 17 January 1930) is a German painter and graphic artist.	Günther Brendel	Weida
place of birth	Oliver Bendt (born Jörg Knoch on 29 October 1946, in Potsdam) is a German singer and actor.	Oliver Bendt	Potsdam
place of birth	Ben Haggerty (born June 19, 1983), known by his stage name Macklemore (/ˈmæk.ləmɔːr/ MAK-lə-mor) and formerly Professor Macklemore, is an American rapper from Seattle, Washington.	Macklemore	Seattle
place of birth	Born in Niterói, Kafunga began playing football with local side Fluminense Atlético Clube (Niterói).	Kafunga	Niterói
place of birth	Thomas Ruffin was born on November 17, 1787 at the residence of his maternal grandfather Thomas Roane at Newington in King and Queen County, Virginia.	Thomas Ruffin	King and Queen County
place of birth	Minnie Dean was born in Greenock, in western Scotland.	Minnie Dean	Greenock
place of birth	Alessandro Spezialetti (born 14 January 1975 in Lachen, Switzerland) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer, who competed professionally between 1997 and 2012.	Alessandro Spezialetti	Lachen
place of birth	Isaac Yakovlevich Pavlovsky was born in 1853 in the city of Taganrog, friend of Anton Chekhov, studied at Taganrog's Boys Gymnasium, was an activist at the Taganrog revolutionary circle and was arrested and tried at the so-called Trial of the 193.	Isaac Yakovlevich Pavlovsky	Taganrog
place of birth	Julien Coupat (born June 4, 1974, Bordeaux) is a French political activist.	Julien Coupat	Bordeaux
place of birth	José Pesarrodona Altimi (born Sant Salvador de Guardiola, 1 February 1946) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer who raced during the 1970s.	José Pesarrodona	Sant Salvador de Guardiola
place of birth	Lee In-jae (Korean: 이인재; born October 1, 1971 South Korea) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a Forward.	Lee In-jae	South Korea
place of birth	Martin Kove was born in Brooklyn, New York City and had a Jewish upbringing.	Martin Kove	New York City
place of birth	Baruch Hassan (Hebrew: ברוך חסן‎), is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Beitar Netanya.	Baruch Hassan	Netanya
place of birth	Himangshu Dutta was born in Comilla (now in Bangladesh) in 1908, to Jogendrachandra Dutta and Nirada Devi.	Himangshu Dutta	Comilla
place of birth	Born in Bad Ischl in Upper Austria into a Catholic Rhenan aristocratic family, he was a scion of Johann Wilhelm von Mirbach-Harff, founder of the Rhineland Knight academy.	Wilhelm von Mirbach	Bad Ischl
place of birth	Toivo Jaatinen (born August 1, 1926 in Sortavala) is a Finnish sculptor, recipient of the prestigious Saltus Award in 2002.	Toivo Jaatinen	Sortavala
place of birth	Frans Thijssen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈfrɑns ˈtɛi̯.sə(n))) (born 23 January 1952 in Malden, Gelderland) is a former international Dutch footballer.	Frans Thijssen	Malden
place of birth	Rudolf Schieffer (Mainz, 31 January 1947) is a German historian specializing in medieval history.	Rudolf Schieffer	Mainz
place of birth	Miyuki Tanobe (born 1937 in Morioka, Japan) is a Japanese-born Canadian painter, based in Montreal.	Miyuki Tanobe	Morioka
place of birth	Marie Polly Cuninghame (ca. 1785, Bordeaux -- 9 April 1837, De Bilt), known after her marriage as Polly de Heus, was a Dutch ballet dancer.	Polly Cuninghame	Bordeaux
place of birth	Li Wenbo began his professional football career with Shenyang Ginde in 2003 and made his league debut on 13 July, in a 1-0 home defeat against Qingdao Beilaite.	Li Wenbo	Shenyang
place of birth	Trife Diesel or Trife Da God (born Theo Bailey in Stapleton, Staten Island, New York) is an affiliate of the Wu-Tang Clan.	Trife Diesel	Stapleton, Staten Island
place of birth	Marlies Göhr (née Oelsner, born 21 March 1958 in Gera, Thuringia) is a former East German track and field athlete, the winner of the 100 metres at the inaugural World Championships in 1983.	Marlies Göhr	Gera
place of birth	Andy Desmond aka Miten is a British musician born in Woking, Surrey, August 1947.	Andy Desmond aka Miten	Woking
place of birth	Bernard Gregory (19 January 1919, Bergerac -- 24 December 1977, Élancourt) was a prominent French physicist and director-general of CERN.	Bernard Gregory	Bergerac
place of birth	Warren Carlyle is a director and choreographer who was born in Norwich, Norfolk, England.	Warren Carlyle	Norwich
place of birth	Pamela Pezzutto (born in Sacile on 17 July 1981) is an Italian Paralympic athlete who has won three silver medals at Summer Paralympics.	Pamela Pezzutto	Sacile
place of birth	Richard Herrmann (28 January 1923 in Katowice, Poland -- 27 July 1962) was a German football player.	Richard Herrmann	Katowice
place of birth	Margo Reuten (Maasbracht, abt. 1966) is a Dutch head chef, known for her cooking in the Michelin starred restaurant Da Vinci.	Margo Reuten	Maasbracht
place of birth	Lieutenant General Reginald Otto SD & Bar SM MMM (born Krugersdorp, 9 July 1943) was a South African military commander, who held the post of Chief of the South African Army.	Reginald Otto	Krugersdorp
place of birth	Yevgeny Misharin (born February 13, 1990, Tyumen, USSR) is a Russian futsal player.	Yevgeny Misharin	Tyumen
place of birth	Desiree Ortíz (born December 28, 1983 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a television host Journalist and model .	Desiree Ortíz	Caracas
place of birth	The sports stadium, Stade Taïeb Mhiri in Sfax, is named after him, as well as the street, Avenue Taieb Mhiri, in Tunis.	Taïeb Mhiri	Tunis
place of birth	At 6:08 a.m. on 1 February 1988, the police in Durham, North Carolina got a call from Barbara Stager, reporting her husband had been shot.	Barbara Stager	North Carolina
place of birth	Amit Paunikar (born 18 April 1988, Nagpur) is an Indian National cricketer.	Amit Paunikar	Nagpur
place of birth	Aldo Zargani (born in Turin, 7 August 1933) is an Italian Jewish writer and public intellectual who lives in Rome.	Aldo Zargani	Turin
place of birth	Ashley Harder (born July 29, 1986) is a former beauty queen from Marlton, New Jersey.	Ashley Harder	New Jersey
place of birth	Wang Jingping (Chinese: 王敬平; born 26 December 1992 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Harbin Yiteng.	Wang Jingping	Dalian
place of birth	Leslie Smith III (born 1985 in Silver Spring, Maryland) is a contemporary African American visual artist.	Leslie Smith III	Silver Spring
place of birth	Darren Stapleton (born 19 March 1987 in Dublin) is an Irish football player who currently plays for English Southern League Division 1 Central side Egham Town F.C.	Darren Stapleton	Dublin
place of birth	Virginia Sorensen, née Eggertsen, also credited as Virginia Sorenson (February 17, 1912, in Provo, Utah -- December 24, 1991), was the author of the 1957 John Newbery Medal winning Miracles on Maple Hill, based in the Erie, Pennsylvania region where she lived at the time.	Virginia Sorensen	Provo
place of birth	Amvrosios Papadopoulos (Greek: Αμβρόσιος Παπαδόπουλος, born 10 January 1989) is a professional Greek football player, currently playing for Kavala.	Amvrosios Papadopoulos	Kavala
place of birth	Kjetil Wæhler (born 16 March 1976 in Oslo) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Vålerenga as centre back.	Kjetil Wæhler	Oslo
place of birth	Jiang Jiajun (Chinese: 姜嘉俊; pinyin: Jiāng Jiājùn) (born January 8, 1990) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Shanghai Shenxin as a fullback or midfielder in the Chinese Super League.	Jiang Jiajun	Shanghai
place of birth	Maurice Devereaux (pronounced Morris Devro) was born in Montreal, Canada, and showed an interest in movies at an early age.	Maurice Devereaux	Montreal
place of birth	Tom Brands (born April 9, 1968 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American former Olympic wrestler and is currently the head wrestling coach for the University of Iowa.	Tom Brands	Omaha
place of birth	Jan Halvor Halvorsen (born 8 March 1963, in Bamble) is a former Norwegian football player who works as head coach of Fredrikstad in Obosligaen.	Jan Halvor Halvorsen	Bamble
place of birth	Mario Beccia (born August 16, 1955 in Troia, Apulia) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer, active between 1977 and 1988 and as of 2006 works as a directeur sportif at Team Vorarlberg.	Mario Beccia	Troia, Apulia
place of birth	Shaban Jafari (Persian: شعبان جعفری‎‎) (born 1921 in Tehran -- died 2006 in Santa Monica, California) often known as Shaban Bimokh (Persian: شعبان بی‌مخ‎‎, ``Shaban the Brainless'') was an Iranian strongman and practitioner of varzesh-e bastani.	Shaban Jafari	Tehran
place of birth	Carla Matadinho (born December 16, 1982 in Évora) is a Portuguese model.	Carla Matadinho	Évora
place of birth	Albert Schultz (born July 30, 1963 in Port Hope, Ontario) is a Canadian actor, director and the founding artistic director of Toronto's Soulpepper Theatre Company.	Albert Schultz	Port Hope
place of birth	Vannevar Bush was born in Everett, Massachusetts, on March 11, 1890, the third child and only son of Perry Bush, the local Universalist pastor, and his wife Emma Linwood née Paine.	Vannevar Bush	Everett
place of birth	George Storrs was born in Lebanon, New Hampshire on December 13, 1796, son to Colonel Constant Storrs (a wheelwright in the Revolutionary Army) and the former Lucinda Howe (his wife).	George Storrs	Lebanon
place of birth	Lukáš Hurník (b. 1967 in Prague) is a Czech composer.	Lukáš Hurník	Prague
place of birth	Pietro Spada is an Italian pianist and musicologist (born Rome July 29, 1935).	Pietro Spada	Rome
place of birth	Joseph Dirand (Paris, 26 March 1974) is a French architect and interior designer.	Joseph Dirand	Paris
place of birth	Simpson was born on August 8, 1985, in Raleigh, North Carolina, to Evander Samuel ``Sam'' Simpson III and Debbie Webb Simpson, the fifth of six children.	Webb Simpson	Raleigh
place of birth	Wang Wanpeng (simplified Chinese: 王万鹏; traditional Chinese: 王萬鵬; pinyin: Wáng Wànpéng, born June 9, 1982 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Dalian Aerbin.	Wang Wanpeng	Dalian
place of birth	Caroline Weber (born 31 May 1986 in Dornbirn) is an Austrian rhythmic gymnast.	Caroline Weber	Dornbirn
place of birth	Ivan Kazanets was born in Lotsmanska village in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, central Ukraine.	Ivan Kazanets	Dnipropetrovsk
place of birth	Dagmar Švubová (born August 9, 1958 in Nové Město na Moravě as Dagmar Palečková) is a former Czechoslovak cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1986.	Dagmar Švubová	Nové Město na Moravě
place of birth	Simmie Knox was born on August 18, 1935 in Aliceville, Alabama to Simmie Knox Sr., a carpenter and mechanic, and Amelia Knox.	Simmie Knox	Aliceville
place of birth	Zainal Mustafa was born under the name Hudaemi in Singaparna, Tasikmalaya Regency, Dutch East Indies in 1899.	Zainal Mustafa	Tasikmalaya Regency
place of birth	Born in the town of Esgueira, Aveiro District, Pité joined local S.C. Beira-Mar's youth system in 2005, aged 11.	Pité	Esgueira
place of birth	Sha Yexin (Chinese: 沙叶新; born 1939 in Nanjing) is a Chinese playwright and political activist.	Sha Yexin	Nanjing
place of birth	Kurniawan Dwi Yulianto (born 13 July 1976 in Mertoyudan, Magelang Regency, Central Java) is a former Indonesian professional footballer.	Kurniawan Dwi Yulianto	Magelang
place of birth	Andrea Catherwood was born and raised in Belfast where her mother, Adrienne McGuill, was an announcer and newsreader at Ulster Television from 1959 to 1969, and also presented The Romper Room, from 1964 to 1969 as 'Miss Adrienne'.	Andrea Catherwood	Belfast
place of birth	John Francis Lickerish, known professionally as Francis Lickerish (born 11 April 1954 in Cambridge), is a British composer, guitarist and lutenist, and founder member of British art-rock band The Enid.	Francis Lickerish	Cambridge
place of birth	Georg Muffat was born in Megève, Duchy of Savoy (now in France), and was of Scottish descent.	Georg Muffat	Megève
place of birth	Jacek Bocian (born 15 September 1976 in Kalisz) is a Polish former sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres.	Jacek Bocian	Kalisz
place of birth	Rob Spendlove (born 1 May 1953 in London) is a British actor best known for his roles on UK Television.	Rob Spendlove	London
place of birth	Pavlos Kouroupis (Greek: Παύλος Κουρούπης) was a Greek soldier born in 1929 in Kalamata.	Pavlos Kouroupis	Kalamata
place of birth	Markus Eichler (born 18 February 1982 in Varel) is a German professional road bicycle racer, currently under contract to the German Team Stölting.	Markus Eichler	Varel
place of birth	Christian Zacharias (born 1950 in Jamshedpur) is a German pianist and conductor.	Christian Zacharias	Jamshedpur
place of birth	Marco Riemer (born 24 February 1988 in Apolda) is a German football midfielder who is currently a free agent.	Marco Riemer	Apolda
place of birth	Silvia Fuselli (born in Cecina, July 1, 1981) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a striker for AGSM Verona.	Silvia Fuselli	Cecina
place of birth	Mark Shevelev was born 11 (24) October 1904 in Saint Petersburg to Jewish parents.	Mark Shevelev	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Marvin Eastman was born and raised in Merced, California, where he grew up wrestling and playing American football.	Marvin Eastman	Merced
place of birth	Born at Clairac, near Agen in the Lot-et-Garonne and raised as a Huguenot, Théophile de Viau participated in the Protestant wars in Guyenne from 1615--16 in the service of the Comte de Candale.	Théophile de Viau	Clairac
place of birth	Ljiljana Smajlović (née Ugrica; born 22 January 1956, Sarajevo, PR Bosnia-Herzegovina, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian journalist and the current editor of Politika, the oldest daily newspaper in the Balkans.	Ljiljana Smajlović	Sarajevo
place of birth	Roger Rohatgi (born 19 May in Houston, Texas) is an American award-winning independent film producer and screenwriter, motivational speaker, actor and ordained minister focusing on youth and college-aged audiences.	Roger Rohatgi	Houston
place of birth	Langen was, after Martha and Martin, the third of four children born to Antwerp industrialist Friedrich Albert Langen and Ida Goeters.	Albert Langen	Antwerp
place of birth	Jimmy Vicaut (born 27 February 1992 in Bondy, Paris) is a French sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres.	Jimmy Vicaut	Bondy
place of birth	Jean de Carro (born in Geneva, August 8, 1770; died at Carlsbad, March 12, 1857) was a Swiss-born physician who worked from Austria to promote vaccination against smallpox.	Jean de Carro	Geneva
place of birth	Henriette Valium (born May 4, 1959), whose real name is Patrick Henley, is a comic book artist and painter based in Montreal, Quebec.	Henriette Valium	Montreal
place of birth	Allen Stone (born March 13, 1987) is an American soul musician from Chewelah, Washington, United States.	Allen Stone	Chewelah
place of birth	Swin Cash was born in the Pittsburgh suburb of McKeesport and raised by her mother, Cynthia.	Swin Cash	McKeesport
place of birth	Fausto Vagnetti (Anghiari, March 24, 1876 - Roma, 1954) is a representative of Italian painting from the era of transition from the 19th to the 20th century.	Fausto Vagnetti	Anghiari
place of birth	Dariusz Pasieka (born 3 August 1965, in Chojnice) is a Polish former professional footballer and now a football manager, currently working for Ekstraklasa club Cracovia.	Dariusz Pasieka	Chojnice
place of birth	Maricarmen Arrigorriaga Aguirre (born 1957 in Santiago) is a popular Chilean film and soap opera actress.	Maricarmen Arrigorriaga	Santiago
place of birth	Giovanni Buttarelli (Frascati, 24 June 1957) is the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS).	Giovanni Buttarelli	Frascati
place of birth	Tamir Bloom (born December 24, 1971, in New York City) is an American epee fencer.	Tamir Bloom	New York City
place of birth	Mimis Traiforos (Greek: Μίμης Τραϊφόρος; Piraeus, 1913 -- Athens, 1998) was a Greek writer and lyricist.	Mimis Traiforos	Piraeus
place of birth	Jean François Renaudin (13 July 1750, in Le Gua - 29 April 1809, Le Gua) was a French Navy officer and Rear-Admiral.	Jean François Renaudin	Le Gua
place of birth	Marina Sereni was born in Foligno in 1960 to Joseph and Ines Sereni, both of whom worked on the railways.	Marina Sereni	Foligno
place of birth	Mary Jewels (5 February 1886 -- 1977) was a British painter, born in Newlyn in Cornwall.	Mary Jewels	Newlyn
place of birth	Oakland Zoo Celebrating Elephants, 2002, Carol Buckley Featured Speaker.	Carol Buckley	Oakland
place of birth	Serhiy Turyanskyi (Ukrainian: Сергій Миронович Турянський; born 25 May 1962 in Kolomyia Raion, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast) is the Soviet and Ukrainian professional footballer, later the Ukrainian coach.	Serhiy Turyanskyi	Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
place of birth	Esmé Kamphuis (born 22 May 1983 in Zwolle) is a former Dutch heptathlete, who has competed as a bobsledder since 2004.	Esmé Kamphuis	Zwolle
place of birth	Nana Ekvtimishvili (Georgian: ნანა ექვთიმიშვილი; born 9. July 1978 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a Georgian writer and director.	Nana Ekvtimishvili	Tbilisi
place of birth	Zoltán Mujahid was born on 8 August 1979 in Karachi, Pakistan to father Iqbal Mujahid and mother Klára Somogyi.	Zoltán Mujahid	Karachi
place of birth	Noshi Gilani (Urdu: نوشی گیلانی ‎) (born 1964) in Bahawalpur Pakistan is an Urdu poet and a former academic from the Islamia University, Bahawalpur Pakistan.	Noshi Gilani	Bahawalpur
place of birth	Parker Bolek (born August 11, 2001, Pasadena, California) is an American child actor, best known for his recurring role as Wade Glossner in the ABC sitcom The Middle.	Parker Bolek	Pasadena
place of birth	Ron Butlin (born 1949) is a Scottish poet and novelist who was Edinburgh Makar (Poet Laureate) from 2008-14.	Ron Butlin	Edinburgh
place of birth	Gérard Hallet (born 4 March 1946, in Sézanne) is a retired French footballer.	Gérard Hallet	Sézanne
place of birth	Melchior Broederlam (born Ypres, perhaps c. 1350; died Ypres?, after 1409) was one of the earliest Early Netherlandish painters to whom surviving works can be confidently attributed.	Melchior Broederlam	Ypres
place of birth	Maggie Lau (Chinese: 劉思惠) is a Hong Kong actress and singer.	Maggie Lau	Hong Kong
place of birth	Metin Göktepe was born in Sivas on April 10, 1968, in the village of Çipil of Gürün district.	Metin Göktepe	Sivas
place of birth	Erdmuthe of Brandenburg (26 June 1561 in Berlin -- 13 November 1623 in Stolp) was a Princess of Brandenburg and by marriage Duchess of Pomerania.	Erdmuthe of Brandenburg	Berlin
place of birth	Rénelle Lamote (born 26 December 1993 in Coulommiers) is a French middle-distance runner.	Rénelle Lamote	Coulommiers
place of birth	Born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, Bisheaba is the daughter of Julie and Robert Swain.	Bisheaba	New Brunswick
place of birth	Tristan Rogers (born 3 June 1946, Melbourne) is an Australian American actor.	Tristan Rogers	Melbourne
place of birth	Emmanuel Crétet was born in the village of Le Pont-de-Beauvoisin, Savoie, on 10 February 1747, the youngest of six children of a timber merchant.	Emmanuel Crétet	Le Pont-de-Beauvoisin, Savoie
place of birth	Andrea Kremer (born February 25, 1959 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American television sports journalist.	Andrea Kremer	Philadelphia
place of birth	Yudi Datau is an Indonesian cinematographer who has worked on several of Indonesia's most popular films.	Yudi Datau	Indonesia
place of birth	Margaret Skinnider (28 May 1892 -- 10 October 1971) was a revolutionary and feminist born in Coatbridge, Scotland.	Margaret Skinnider	Coatbridge
place of birth	Erwin Nestle (22 May 1883, Münsingen -- 1972), son of Eberhard Nestle, was a German scholar who continued editing his fathers ``Nestle Edition'' of the New Testament in Greek, adding a full critical apparatus in the thirteenth edition.	Erwin Nestle	Münsingen
place of birth	Brian Wolfgang Bodison was born on November 19, 1966 in Washington, D.C. His mother, Dorothea Bodison, works for the National Institutes of Health.	Wolfgang Bodison	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Beate Schrott (born 15 April 1988 in St. Pölten) is an Austrian athlete who specialises in the 100 metres hurdles.	Beate Schrott	St. Pölten
place of birth	Adem Mikullovci (Serbian: Адем Микуловци, Adem Mikulovci) (born 1939 in Vučitrn, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is an Albanian actor.	Adem Mikullovci	Vučitrn
place of birth	Jeanne Mélin was born in 1877 in Carignan, Ardennes, to a bourgeois family.	Jeanne Mélin	Carignan
place of birth	Willy Corrêa de Oliveira (Recife, 11 February 1938) is a Brazilian modernist composer.	Willy Corrêa de Oliveira	Recife
place of birth	Karel Ferdinand Irmler (born March 18, 1650, date of death unknown) was a Moravian lawyer and the first professor of secular law at University of Olomouc.	Karel Ferdinand Irmler	Olomouc
place of birth	Natividad Herminia Álvarez Herrera was born in 1888 Santa María del Oro, Durango, Mexico.	Herminia Álvarez Herrera	Santa María del Oro
place of birth	Hector Ó hEochagáin (pronounced (oː ˈhoːxəɡaːnʲ)) (born 17 August 1969) is an Irish television and radio presenter from Navan.	Hector Ó hEochagáin	Navan
place of birth	Şenol Çorlu (born on December 3, 1958 in Ankara) is a retired Turkish football player and currently Fenerbahçe SK academy director.	Şenol Çorlu	Ankara
place of birth	Omer Peretz (Hebrew: עומר פרץ‎; born June 21, 1986) is a former Israeli footballer who is most known for playing at Hapoel Tel Aviv, Maccabi Tel Aviv and Maccabi Netanya.	Omer Peretz	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Marie-Jo Lafontaine (born 17 November 1950, Antwerp) is a Belgian sculptor and video artist.	Marie-Jo Lafontaine	Antwerp
place of birth	Kadir Mısıroğlu (born 24 January 1933, Akçaabat, Trabzon) is a Turkish history researcher, writer, poet, attorney and a former journalist.	Kadir Mısıroğlu	Akçaabat
place of death	Abram Bergson (April 21, 1914 in New York City -- April 23, 2003 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) (born Abram Burk) was an American economist.	Abram Bergson	Cambridge
place of death	Zäzilie Wang (1 February 1909, Vienna -- 10 July 2005, Vienna), stage name Cilli Wang, was an Austrian-born Dutch dancer, performer and theatre maker.	Cilli Wang	Vienna
place of death	Ary de Vois was born and died in Leiden.	Ary de Vois	Leiden
place of death	Edgar Bright Wilson, Jr. (December 18, 1908 in Gallatin, Tennessee -- June 12, 1992 in Cambridge, Massachusetts), was an American chemist.	Edgar Bright Wilson	Cambridge
place of death	Sylwester Braun (code-name ``Kris'', 1 January 1909, Warsaw -- 2 February 1996, Warsaw) was a Polish photographer, Home Army officer.	Sylwester Braun	Warsaw
position held	Reginald Pole (12 March 1500 -- 17 November 1558) was an English cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the last Roman Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury, holding the office from 1556 to 1558, during the Counter Reformation.	Reginald Pole	cardinal	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Girolamo Seripando (b. at Troja, Apulia, 6 May 1493; d. at Trento 17 March 1563) was an Augustinian friar, Italian theologian and cardinal.	Girolamo Seripando	cardinal
position held	Lloyd Kenyon, 1st Baron Kenyon Bt PC SL KC (5 October 1732 -- 4 April 1802) was a British politician and barrister, who served as Attorney General, Master of the Rolls and Lord Chief Justice.	Lloyd Kenyon, 1st Baron Kenyon	Master of the Rolls
position held	Gérard Bailly (born 28 January 1940) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Jura department.	Gérard Bailly	member of the Senate of France
position held	Caleb Walton West (May 25, 1844 -- January 25, 1909) was an American politician and Governor of Utah Territory twice, 1886--1888 and 1893--1896.	Caleb Walton West	Governor of Utah
position played on team / speciality	Felipe Ochagavía Eguiguren, (born 9 September 1993) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for the Primera División club O'Higgins as goalkeeper.	Felipe Ochagavía	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stelios Iliadis (Greek: Στέλιος Ηλιάδης; born 3 June 1986 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Stelios Iliadis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dimitar Mutafchiev (Bulgarian: Димитър Мутафчиев) (10 January 1903 in Stara Zagora -- 8 September 1990) was a Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward for Levski Sofia and Bulgaria during the 1920s.	Dimitar Mutafchiev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Diamé (born 14 June 1987), also known as Momo Diamé, is a professional footballer who plays for English club Hull City as a central midfielder.	Mohamed Diamé	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Verner (born November 20, 1972 in York, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender.	Andrew Verner	goaltender
present in work	Ena Sharples (née Schofield) was one of the original characters from the British soap opera Coronation Street, played by Violet Carson.	Ena Sharples	Coronation Street
present in work	Detective John Hartigan is a major protagonist in the Sin City series of graphic novels, written by Frank Miller.	John Hartigan	Sin City
present in work	Dr. Spencer Reid is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama Criminal Minds, portrayed by Matthew Gray Gubler.	Spencer Reid	Criminal Minds
present in work	The Kamen Riders are a group of fictional masked riding heroes in the Kamen Rider Series.	Kamen Riders	Kamen Rider Series
present in work	Sentinel Prime receives a bit more history in the IDW Publishing's 4-issue miniseries, The Transformers:	Sentinel Prime	The Transformers
present in work	Oscar Henry is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Christopher Brown from 1998 to 1999.	Oscar Henry	Shortland Street
present in work	The Predacons are usually depicted as antagonists in the fictional universes of the Transformers storyline and related comics and cartoons.	Predacon	Transformers
present in work	The Mock Turtle is a fictional character devised by Lewis Carroll from his popular book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.	Mock Turtle	Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
present in work	Gwen Cooper is a fictional character portrayed by Welsh actress Eve Myles in the BBC science-fiction television programme Torchwood, a spin-off of the long-running series Doctor Who.	Gwen Cooper	Torchwood
present in work	Shabari (Sanskrit: शबरी) is an elderly woman ascetic in the later versions of the Hindu epic Ramayana.	Shabari	Ramayana
present in work	Sentinel Prime is the name of several fictional characters in the various Transformers series.	Sentinel Prime	Transformers
present in work	Prince Andrei Nikolayevich Bolkonsky (Russian: Андрей Николаевич Болконский) is a fictional character in Leo Tolstoy's novel War and Peace.	Andrei Nikolayevich Bolkonsky	War and Peace
present in work	Sonya Rostova is a character in Leo Tolstoy's 1869 novel War and Peace, and in Sergey Prokofiev's 1955 opera War and Peace based on it.	Sonya Rostova	War and Peace
present in work	Carter Kane is a fictional character and one of the main characters in The Kane Chronicles series, along with his younger sister, Sadie.	Carter Kane	The Kane Chronicles
present in work	Vernon Tomlin is a fictional character of the ITV1 soap opera Coronation Street, portrayed by Ian Reddington.	Vernon Tomlin	Coronation Street
present in work	Lionel's Kingdom (Turma da Mata) is a Brazilian comic strip created in 1961 and part of the Monica's Gang comic strips.	Lionel's Kingdom	Monica's Gang
present in work	Rose Nylund (née Lindstrom) is a fictional character featured on the popular 1980s situation comedy The Golden Girls, and its spin-off The Golden Palace.	Rose Nylund	The Golden Girls
present in work	In the published version of Henry IV, Part 1, Falstaff's name is always unmetrical, suggesting a name change after the original composition;	Falstaff	Henry IV, Part 1
present in work	Detective Lieutenant Mark Hoffman is a fictional character from the Saw franchise.	Mark Hoffman	Saw
present in work	Crasher is the name of several fictional characters in the Gobots toyline, and the subsequent Challenge of the GoBots cartoon and Transformers series.	Crasher	Transformers
present in work	Marcus Cole, played by Jason Carter, is a fictional character in the universe of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.	Marcus Cole	Babylon 5
present in work	Basil Fawlty is the main character of the British sitcom Fawlty Towers, played by John Cleese.	Basil Fawlty	Fawlty Towers
present in work	Donald De Souza is a fictional character in the British soap opera Emmerdale played by Michael Jayston.	Donald De Souza	Emmerdale
present in work	Though the Hebrew Bible provides no further information about Mephibosheth, Saul's family continued in existence to a later generation through Mephibosheth's son Mica (Micah).	Mephibosheth	Bible
present in work	Cyril O'Reily is a fictional character, played by American actor Scott William Winters, on the HBO drama Oz. He is also mentioned in the companion book Oz:	Cyril O'Reily	Oz
publication date	The Black Castle is a mystery film, released by Universal-International in 1952.	The Black Castle	1952
publication date	Kichamani MBA is a Malayalam language film which was released in 2007.	Kichamani MBA	2007
publication date	The Secret of Mulan is the 1998 entry in the series of ``Secret of...'' films released direct to video by UAV/Sterling Entertainment Group, which generally were adaptations of popular theatrical animated films released in a given year, such as The Secret of Anastasia and The Secret of the Hunchback.	The Secret of Mulan	1998
publication date	The University of Illinois vs. a Mummy, is a 2006 independent comedy/horror film.	The University of Illinois vs. a Mummy	2006
publication date	21 Nights with Pattie (original title: 21 nuits avec Pattie) is a 2015 French comedy-drama film written and directed by Arnaud and Jean-Marie Larrieu.	21 Nights with Pattie	2015
publisher	American Psychologist is the official peer-reviewed academic journal of the American Psychological Association.	American Psychologist	American Psychological Association
publisher	Injured Engine is a 1984 puzzle game released for the Commodore 64 by Imagic.	Injured Engine	Imagic
publisher	Jack the Giantkiller is an arcade game developed and published by Cinematronics in 1982, and is based on the 19th-century English fairy tale Jack and the Beanstalk.	Jack the Giantkiller	Cinematronics
publisher	The American Journal of the Medical Sciences is currently published monthly by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.	The American Journal of the Medical Sciences	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
publisher	The original manuscript for The Book of Merlyn was discovered amongst this collection, and was prepared for publication by the University of Texas Press in 1977, as The Book of Merlyn:	The Book of Merlyn	University of Texas Press
publisher	The Journal of Semantics is a leading international peer-reviewed journal of semantics of natural languages published by Oxford University Press.	Journal of Semantics	Oxford University Press
publisher	The Tulane Environmental Law Journal (TELJ) is a legal periodical produced and edited by students at the Tulane University Law School.	Tulane Environmental Law Journal	Tulane University Law School
publisher	Latin Pop Albums is a record chart published on Billboard magazine.	Latin Pop Albums	Billboard
publisher	Applied Organometallic Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewedscientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons.	Applied Organometallic Chemistry	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	Archives of Scientific Psychology is an open access academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.	Archives of Scientific Psychology	American Psychological Association
publisher	Zoop is a puzzle game developed by Hookstone Productions and published by Viacom New Media.	Zoop	Viacom
publisher	Archaeologia Cambrensis is an archaeological and historical scholarly journal that is published annually by the Cambrian Archaeological Association.	Archaeologia Cambrensis	Cambrian Archaeological Association
publisher	Hot Rap Songs (formerly known as Hot Rap Tracks and Hot Rap Singles) is a chart released weekly by Billboard in the United States.	Hot Rap Songs	Billboard
publisher	Dilbilim Araştırmaları (DAD; English: Journal of Linguistic Research) is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Boğaziçi University Press.	Dilbilim Araştırmaları	Boğaziçi University
publisher	Storm Harvest is a BBC Books original novel written by Mike Tucker and Robert Perry and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Storm Harvest	BBC Books
publisher	A sister journal to The EMBO Journal, EMBO Reports was established in 2000 and was published on behalf of the European Molecular Biology Organization by Nature Publishing Group since 2003.	EMBO Reports	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	The Knife of Never Letting Go is a young-adult novel by Patrick Ness, published by Walker Books in May 2008.	The Knife of Never Letting Go	Walker Books
publisher	The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) is a descriptive (as opposed to prescriptive) dictionary of the English language, published by the Oxford University Press.	Oxford English Dictionary	Oxford University Press
publisher	Grim Tuesday is a novel written by Garth Nix in 2004, and was first published in the USA by Scholastic Press and in Great Britain by HarperCollins Children's Books.	Grim Tuesday	HarperCollins
publisher	American Anthropologist is the flagship journal of the American Anthropological Association (AAA).	American Anthropologist	American Anthropological Association
publisher	On an Odd Note is a collection of short stories written by Gerald Kersh, published as a paperback original by Ballantine Books in 1958.	On an Odd Note	Ballantine Books
publisher	Planes of Conflict was designed by Dale Donovan, Colin McComb, and Monte Cook, and was published by TSR in 1995.	Planes of Conflict	TSR
publisher	StarTropics is an action-adventure video game released by Nintendo in 1990 for the NES.	StarTropics	Nintendo
publisher	In 2003 Hudson Soft included a 3D remake of Bonk's Adventure in their Hudson Selection series of games released exclusively in Japan for the PlayStation 2 and GameCube consoles.	Bonk's Adventure	Hudson Soft
publisher	Knights of Valour (simplified Chinese: 三国战纪; traditional Chinese: 三國戰紀; pinyin: Sān Guó Zhàn Jì) is a side-scrolling Beat 'em up action arcade game released by International Games System in 1999.	Knights of Valour	International Games System
publisher	GP Rider is an arcade game developed and manufactured by Sega released in 1990 in Japan, North America, and Europe.	GP Rider	Sega
publisher	Panic Spring is a novel by Lawrence Durrell, published in 1937 by Faber and Faber in Britain and Covici-Friede in the United States under the pseudonym Charles Norden.	Panic Spring	Faber and Faber
publisher	Robot Unicorn Attack is an online ``endless running'' video game featured on the Adult Swim and Flashline Games website.	Robot Unicorn Attack	Adult Swim
publisher	The Journal of Thermal Analysis and Calorimetry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media in cooperation with Akadémiai Kiadó.	Journal of Thermal Analysis and Calorimetry	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Physics Reports is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, a review section of Physics Letters that has been published by Elsevier since 1971.	Physics Reports	Elsevier
publisher	Fairytale Fights is a hack and slash action-adventure game developed by Playlogic Game Factory and published by Playlogic Entertainment for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.	Fairytale Fights	Playlogic Entertainment
publisher	Following England Rugby's success at the 2003 Rugby World Cup in Australia, Acclaim Entertainment International announced on 23 November 2003, that they will be releasing World Championship Rugby for PlayStation 2, Xbox and PC in Europe the next year.	World Championship Rugby	Acclaim Entertainment
publisher	Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories, is a collection of short stories by Joe R. Lansdale, first published in 2004 in a limited edition by Subterranean Press.	Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories	Subterranean Press
publisher	In 1949, Doubleday editor Walter I. Bradbury accepted the story on the suggestion of Frederik Pohl, on the condition it was expanded to seventy thousand words and the title changed to something more science fiction oriented, and it was published in January 1950 as Pebble in the Sky.	Pebble in the Sky	Doubleday
publisher	Game Over II (known as Phantis in Spain) is an action game developed and published by Dinamic Software in 1987 for the Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, DOS, MSX and ZX Spectrum.	Game Over II	Dinamic Software
publisher	Geophysical Journal International is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Deutsche Geophysikalische Gesellschaft (German Geophysical Society).	Geophysical Journal International	Oxford University Press
publisher	The Book of Other People is a collection of short stories, published in 2008 by Penguin Books.	The Book of Other People	Penguin Books
publisher	Victus, the fall of Barcelona, is a historical novel by the Catalan anthropologist Albert Sánchez Piñol published by HarperCollins in September 2014.	Victus	HarperCollins
publisher	The English edition of Introduction to Christianity was revised in 2000 by Ignatius Press with a new preface by Joseph Ratzinger.	Introduction to Christianity	Ignatius Press
publisher	Land of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse, known in Japan as Mickey Mouse's Magical Crystal (ミッキーマウスの魔法のクリスタル Mikkī Mausu no Mahō no Kurisutaru), is a platform game released by Sega for the Sega Master System in 1992 and Sega Game Gear in 1993.	Land of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse	Sega
publisher	Video Trek 88 is a computer game developed and published by Windmill Software in 1982, based on the earlier Star Trek text game.	Video Trek 88	Windmill Software
publisher	A Northern Light, or A Gathering Light in the U.K., is an American historical novel for young adults, written by Jennifer Donnelly and published by Harcourt in 2003.	A Northern Light	Harcourt
publisher	The book was published in 1996 by Harvard University Press under the full title Good Natured:	Good Natured	Harvard University Press
publisher	Mind & Language is a peer-reviewed academic journal published five times a year by Wiley-Blackwell.	Mind & Language	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Journal of Diplomacy and International Relations is a biannual academic journal published by the School of Diplomacy and International Relations at Seton Hall University covering international affairs.	Journal of Diplomacy and International Relations	Seton Hall University
publisher	The Journal of Applied Psychology is a bimonthly, peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.	Journal of Applied Psychology	American Psychological Association
publisher	Advances in Space Research (ASR) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published 27 times per year by Elsevier.	Advances in Space Research	Elsevier
publisher	Freedom Wings, known in Japan as Ore no Sentouki (オレのせんとうき), is a flight simulator developed by Taito and published by Natsume in the US and Zoo Digital Publishing in Europe.	Freedom Wings	Natsume
publisher	Skeletal Radiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media, covering disorders of the musculoskeletal system, including the spine.	Skeletal Radiology	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Dragonlance Adventures was written by Tracy Hickman and Margaret Weis, with cover art by Jeff Easley and interior illustrations by George Barr, and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 128-page hardcover.	Dragonlance Adventures	TSR
publisher	Attack of the Mutant Penguins is an action video game developed by Sunrise Games and published by Atari for the Atari Jaguar in 1995.	Attack of the Mutant Penguins	Atari
publisher	The Marquette Sports Law Review (formerly the Marquette Sports Law Journal) is a biannual law review edited by students at Marquette University Law School (MULS).	Marquette Sports Law Review	Marquette University Law School
publisher	The title is The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma according to the Little Brown and Company Spring-Fall 2009 Rights Guide.	The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma	Little Brown and Company
publisher	Portrait of a Spy marked Silva's first book with HarperCollins, following his departure from Putnam following the publication of The Rembrandt Affair in 2010.	Portrait of a Spy	HarperCollins
publisher	Communalism Combat is a monthly magazine published by Sabrang Communications since August 1993.	Communalism Combat	Sabrang Communications
publisher	Lords of the Realm III is a medieval themed real-time strategy computer game published on March 17, 2004 by Sierra Entertainment.	Lords of the Realm III	Sierra Entertainment
publisher	The Proceedings of the IEEE is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).	Proceedings of the IEEE	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
publisher	Dawn of Magic is an upgraded version of the Russian language SkyFallen game Blood Magic, published by 1C Company on December 16, 2005.	Dawn of Magic	1C Company
publisher	Current Biology was founded in 1991 by the Current Science group, acquired by Elsevier in 1998 and has since 2001 been part of Cell Press, a subdivision of Elsevier.	Current Biology	Cell Press
publisher	The Grey King is a contemporary fantasy novel by Susan Cooper, published almost simultaneously by Chatto & Windus and Atheneum in 1975.	The Grey King	Chatto & Windus
publisher	The Cornell Law Review is the flagship legal journal of Cornell Law School.	Cornell Law Review	Cornell Law School
publisher	College Football's National Championship is a 1994 American football video game that was released exclusively for the North American Sega Genesis video game system.	College Football's National Championship	Sega
record label	In March the same year it was by released by French Barclay Records in three separate albums - Teheran 43, Autobiographie and Une vie d'amour single with Mireille Mathieu.	Une vie d'amour	Barclay Records
record label	Pink Moon is the third and final studio album by the English folk musician Nick Drake, released in the UK by Island Records on 25 February 1972.	Pink Moon	Island Records
record label	Waylon Forever is an outlaw country album by Waylon Jennings which was released on October 21, 2008 on the Vagrant Records label.	Waylon Forever	Vagrant Records
record label	The Book of David is the eighth studio album by American rapper and producer DJ Quik, released April 19, 2011 on Mad Science and Fontana Distribution.	The Book of David	Fontana Distribution
record label	The Basement Tapes is a studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan and the Band, released on June 26, 1975 by Columbia Records.	The Basement Tapes	Columbia Records
record label	Forest Green, Oh Forest Green is the first single by American singer-songwriter Holly Miranda from her album The Magician's Private Library, released 9 November 2009 in the UK and 17 November 2009 in the United States by XL Recordings.	Forest Green, Oh Forest Green	XL Recordings
record label	Chilling, Thrilling Sounds of the Haunted House was an LP album intended for ``older children, teenagers, and adults'', released by Disneyland Records (now known as Walt Disney Records).	Chilling, Thrilling Sounds of the Haunted House	Walt Disney Records
record label	Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey, released on 23 October 2000 by Island Records.	Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea	Island Records
record label	``Breathe Slow'' is the second single from Alesha Dixon's second album, The Alesha Show, released by Asylum Records, a part of Atlantic Records, on 9 February 2009.	Breathe Slow	Asylum Records
record label	Electroretard is an album by the Melvins, which was released in 2001 through Man's Ruin Records.	Electroretard	Man's Ruin Records
record label	My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the fifth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, released on November 22, 2010, through Roc-A-Fella Records.	My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy	Roc-A-Fella Records
record label	Fernwärme was first released on Polydor Records as an LP and Cassette in 1982.	Fernwärme	Polydor Records
record label	You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having is the fourth studio album by the Minneapolis hip hop group Atmosphere, released on October 4, 2005 through Rhymesayers Entertainment.	You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having	Rhymesayers Entertainment
record label	Highway 61 Revisited is the sixth studio album by the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on August 30, 1965 by Columbia Records.	Highway 61 Revisited	Columbia Records
record label	The Hermetic Organ is an album by John Zorn, consisting of a single live improvisation on the Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ of St. Paul's Chapel at Columbia University, which was released on Tzadik Records in June 2012.	The Hermetic Organ	Tzadik Records
record label	Victory Party is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Geoff Berner, released March 8, 2011 on Mint Records.	Victory Party	Mint Records
record label	Bloodrock 3 is the third album by the Texan hard rock band Bloodrock, released on Capitol Records in 1971.	Bloodrock 3	Capitol Records
record label	Criollísima is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero, released in 1957 (see 1957 in music), under contract with RCA Victor and distributed by Grabadora Venezolana de Discos.	Criollísima	RCA
record label	Think Before You Speak is the debut album by English indie rock band Good Shoes, which was released on 26 March 2007 on Brille Records.	Think Before You Speak	Brille Records
record label	The Winter of Mixed Drinks is the third studio album by Scottish indie rock band Frightened Rabbit, released on 1 March 2010 through independent label Fat Cat Records.	The Winter of Mixed Drinks	Fat Cat Records
record label	Whistling Down the Wire is a 1976 album released by Crosby & Nash, the second of the duo's three album deal with ABC Records.	Whistling Down the Wire	ABC Records
record label	``Roses in the Hospital'' was released in September 1993 by record label Epic Records as the third single from the band's second album, Gold Against the Soul.	Roses in the Hospital	Epic Records
record label	``Back Seat (of My Jeep)'' is a song by LL Cool J, released as a single on June 1, 1993, for Def Jam Recordings, taken from his fifth album 14 Shots to the Dome.	Back Seat (of My Jeep)	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Playing in the Shadows is the third album by British recording artist Example, released on 4 September 2011 through Ministry of Sound.	Playing in the Shadows	Ministry of Sound
record label	By 1991 and the release of Heaven's Open, Oldfield was happy to leave Virgin Records.	Heaven's Open	Virgin Records
record label	Guitar Romantic is the first and only studio album by American punk rock band The Exploding Hearts, released both by Dirtnap Records and Screaming Apple Records in 2003.	Guitar Romantic	Dirtnap Records
record label	Moon Germs is a jazz album by Joe Farrell, recorded at the Van Gelder Studio on November 21, 1972 and released on CTI Records.	Moon Germs	CTI Records
record label	It was released on May 18, 2010 by the band's own label, Hammock Music exclusively in physical form as part of the sold-out North West East South photobook package.	North West East South	Hammock Music
record label	Taller in More Ways is the fourth studio album by British girl group Sugababes, released by Island Records on 10 October 2005, in the United Kingdom.	Taller in More Ways	Island Records
record label	Strange Free World is the second album by British alternative rock band Kitchens of Distinction, released on February 19, 1991 in the US by A&M Records and on March 18, 1991 in the UK by One Little Indian Records.	Strange Free World	One Little Indian Records
record label	Marjory Razorblade is a double-LP by artist Kevin Coyne and was one of the earliest releases on Virgin Records, which had launched four months earlier in 1973.	Marjory Razorblade	Virgin Records
record label	Made in Heaven is the fifteenth and final studio album by British rock band Queen, released on 6 November 1995 on Parlophone and Hollywood Records.	Made in Heaven	Hollywood Records
record label	``Se Thelo Me Trela'' is a CD single by the popular Greek singer Kelly Kelekidou, released in November 2007 by Sony BMG.	Se Thelo Me Trela	Sony BMG
record label	Scream, Dracula, Scream! is an album by the San Diego, California rock band Rocket from the Crypt, released in 1995 by Interscope Records.	Scream, Dracula, Scream!	Interscope Records
record label	What Doesn't Kill Us is the second studio album by the Indie band What Made Milwaukee Famous released by Barsuk Records on March 4, 2008.	What Doesn't Kill Us	Barsuk Records
record label	Following the poor commercial performance of The Eternal Idol, Black Sabbath were dropped by both Vertigo Records and Warner Bros. Records, and signed with I.R.S. Records.	Black Sabbath	I.R.S. Records
record label	Big Bam Boom is the twelfth studio album by Hall & Oates, released by RCA Records late in 1984.	Big Bam Boom	RCA Records
record label	In Gold Blood is the third studio album from Welsh alternative rock band Kids in Glass Houses, released on 15 August 2011 through Roadrunner Records.	In Gold Blood	Roadrunner Records
record label	Satan Takes a Holiday is an album by Anton Szandor LaVey, released through Amarillo Records in 1995.	Satan Takes a Holiday	Amarillo Records
record label	A Little Tradition is the third album by Canadian indie pop band Novillero, released September 9, 2008 on Mint Records.	A Little Tradition	Mint Records
record label	Koloss is the seventh album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah, released on 23 March 2012 in Germany, on 26 March in the rest of Europe, and on March 27 in North America, by Nuclear Blast.	Koloss	Nuclear Blast
record label	Blues on Broadway is an album by Ruth Brown, released in 1989 through Fantasy Records.	Blues on Broadway	Fantasy Records
record label	The Last Lament is the second album by the progressive metal group Called to Arms released through Tragic Hero Records on November 17, 2007.	The Last Lament	Tragic Hero Records
record label	The Green Bicycle Case is the second album from The Lucksmiths released in 1995 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY3.)	The Green Bicycle Case	Candle Records
record label	Whatever, Mortal is the second album by Papa M, the third such pseudonym used by David Pajo (after 'M' and 'Aerial M'), released in 2001 on the Chicago-based Drag City label (see 2001 in music).	Whatever, Mortal	Drag City
record label	``All Stood Still'' is Ultravox's fourth and final single from Vienna, the band's first album with Midge Ure, released on Chrysalis Records on 26 May 1981.	All Stood Still	Chrysalis Records
record label	Song Bird is a 1977 album by American singer Deniece Williams released by Columbia Records on October 28, 1977.	Song Bird	Columbia Records
record label	``I Walk to My Own Song'' is Stratovarius's single released in 2003 through Nuclear Blast.	I Walk to My Own Song	Nuclear Blast
record label	Play America is the fourth album by Norwegian electronic band Flunk released in 2005 on Beatservice Records.	Play America	Beatservice Records
record label	Lonerism is the second studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band Tame Impala, released on 5 October 2012 on Modular Recordings.	Lonerism	Modular Recordings
record label	Noima (Greek: Νόημα; English: Meaning) is the title of the seventh studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina, released in 2005 by Minos EMI.	Noima	Minos EMI
record label	Sinister Slaughter is the second full-length album by American death metal band Macabre and was released in 1993 by Nuclear Blast Records.	Sinister Slaughter	Nuclear Blast
record label	New Erections is the third album by noise rock band The Locust, and their second with ANTI- Records.	New Erections	ANTI-
record label	Juve the Great is the sixth studio album by American rapper Juvenile.	Juve the Great	Juvenile
record label	Sound Loaded is the sixth album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin, released by Columbia Records on November 14, 2000.	Sound Loaded	Columbia Records
record label	Spiral Shadow is Kylesa's fifth full-length album, released by Season of Mist on October 25, 2010 in Europe and October 26, 2010 in the United States.	Spiral Shadow	Season of Mist
record label	Who's Got Trouble? is an album by Shivaree, released by Zoë Records in 2005.	Who's Got Trouble?	Zoë Records
record label	Snakes 'n' Ladders is the seventeenth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth, released in January 1989 on Vertigo Records.	Snakes 'n' Ladders	Vertigo Records
record label	Skin 'Em Up is the debut album from the Scottish neo-rockabilly group The Shakin' Pyramids, released in 1981 by Cuba Libre, a subsidiary of Virgin Records.	Skin 'Em Up	Virgin Records
record label	``When You Tell Me That You Love Me'' was the lead single from Diana Ross's 1991 album The Force Behind the Power released on the Motown label in the US and by EMI in the UK.	When You Tell Me That You Love Me	Motown
record label	Sounds of Violence is the fifth studio album by English thrash metal band Onslaught, released on 28 January 2011 through AFM Records in Europe and 8 February in North America.	Sounds of Violence	AFM Records
record label	The Family That Plays Together, the second of four albums released by the original Spirit lineup, was marketed by Ode Records in December 1968.	The Family That Plays Together	Ode Records
record label	Formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2003, TVXQ began as a five-member boy band composed of members U-Know Yunho, Max Changmin, Hero Jaejoong, Micky Yoochun, and Xiah Junsu.	TVXQ	S.M. Entertainment
record label	Atomic Playboys is the first studio album by guitarist Steve Stevens, released in 1989 through Warner Bros. Records; a remastered edition containing two bonus tracks was reissued on August 5, 2013 through Rock Candy Records.	Atomic Playboys	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Pieces of a Man is the debut studio album of American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released in 1971 in stereo format on Flying Dutchman Records in the United States.	Pieces of a Man	Flying Dutchman Records
record label	Dekade ((dəˈkadə); English: Decade) is a 2002 Indonesian pop album published by Musica Studios and Chrisye's nineteenth studio album.	Dekade	Musica Studios
record label	An edited version of ``Cold Sweat'' released as a two-part single on King Records was a #1 R&B hit, and reached number seven on the Pop Singles chart.	Cold Sweat	King Records
record label	``Te Regalo Amores'' was released on August 26, 2008 by Pina Records.	Te Regalo Amores	Pina Records
record label	You and Me Both is the second and final studio album by British synthpop duo Yazoo, released on Mute Records in July 1983.	You and Me Both	Mute Records
record label	Fleetwood Mac's first album, Fleetwood Mac, was a no-frills blues album and was released on the Blue Horizon label in February 1968.	Fleetwood Mac	Blue Horizon
record label	Happiness Finally Came to Them is a studio album by Ralph Carney, Daved Hild and Kramer, released in 1987 through Shimmy Disc.	Happiness Finally Came to Them	Shimmy Disc
record label	Tales of Captain Black is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer (credited simply as ``James Blood'' on the cover) featuring Ornette Coleman, Jamaaladeen Tacuma, and Denardo Coleman recorded in 1978 and originally released on the Artists House label.	Tales of Captain Black	Artists House
record label	There Is Only One Roy Orbison is the first album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records, released in July 1965.	There Is Only One Roy Orbison	MGM Records
record label	Man in the Air is a jazz album by vocalist Kurt Elling, released by Blue Note Records in 2003.	Man in the Air	Blue Note Records
record label	Keyed Up is the fifteenth studio album by country music star Ronnie Milsap, released in 1983 under the RCA Records Label.	Keyed Up	RCA
record label	Formerly the Warlocks is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead.	Formerly the Warlocks	Grateful Dead
record label	``Electro Movimiento'' (English: Electro Movement) is the second single by Puerto Rican Hip Hop band Calle 13 from their third studio album Los de Atrás Vienen Conmigo and was released on September 23, 2009 by Sony BMG.	Electro Movimiento	Sony BMG
record label	Town by Town is the third studio album by the progressive bluegrass collective Yonder Mountain String Band.	Town by Town	Yonder Mountain String Band
record label	Songs in the Key of Beotch, released in 2000, is the second album released by That 1 Guy, via Righteous Babe Records.	Songs in the Key of Beotch	Righteous Babe Records
record label	Chronic Town is the debut EP by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released in 1982 on I.R.S. Records.	Chronic Town	I.R.S. Records
record label	This Is Not a Test! is the fifth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott, released by The Goldmind Inc. and Elektra Records on November 25, 2003 in the United States.	This Is Not a Test!	The Goldmind Inc.	Elektra Records
record label	Persecution Mania is the second studio album by German thrash metal band Sodom, released on 1 December 1987 by Steamhammer/SPV.	Persecution Mania	SPV
record label	Please Hammer, Don't Hurt 'Em is the third album (and second major-label release) by MC Hammer, released on February 12, 1990 by Capitol Records.	Please Hammer, Don't Hurt 'Em	Capitol Records
record label	Soul Station is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley, released in 1960 on Blue Note Records, catalogue BLP 4031.	Soul Station	Blue Note Records
record label	Pokinatcha is the debut studio album by punk rock band MxPx released on October 4, 1994, through Tooth & Nail Records.	Pokinatcha	Tooth & Nail Records
record label	Satellite Sky is the title of the final album by Mark Heard, released in 1992, on Heard's own Fingerprint Records, shortly before his death.	Satellite Sky	Fingerprint Records
record label	No One Can Ever Know is the third studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad, released by Fat Cat Records on 6 February 2012 in the UK, and a day later in the US.	No One Can Ever Know	Fat Cat Records
record label	Ja eventualno bih ako njega eliminišete is the second studio album by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap, released by PGP-RTS in 1995.	Ja eventualno bih ako njega eliminišete	PGP-RTS
record label	Mirror Repair is a 1995 EP by Gastr del Sol released on Drag City.	Mirror Repair	Drag City
record label	The album Gettin' Lucky by Head East was released in 1977 on A&M Records.	Gettin' Lucky	A&M Records
record label	It was soon remastered and re-released under Metropolis Records under the PIG moniker and a new title, Pigmata.	Pigmata	Metropolis Records
record label	``To Be, to Be, Ten Made to Be'' is Tackey & Tsubasa's debut single under the Avex Trax label.	To Be, to Be, Ten Made to Be	Avex Trax
record label	Tales of the Sands is the third studio album by Tunisian progressive metal band Myrath, released on September 27, 2011 through XIII Bis Records in Europe and Nightmare Records worldwide.	Tales of the Sands	XIII Bis Records
record label	``The Thin Wall'' is Ultravox's first single from the Rage in Eden album, recorded in Conny Plank's Studio in Cologne, Germany and released on Chrysalis Records on 14 August 1981.	The Thin Wall	Chrysalis Records
record label	The Man Is Back! is the self-produced seventeenth album by American R&B singer Barry White, which was released in 1989 on A&M Records.	The Man Is Back!	A&M Records
record label	Whipped Cream & Other Delights is a 1965 album by Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass, called ``Herb Alpert's Tijuana Brass'' for this album, released on A&M Records.	Whipped Cream & Other Delights	A&M Records
screenwriter	Szamanka (Polish pronunciation: (ʂaˈmaŋka), The Shaman) is a Polish-French-Swiss film, released in 1996, directed by Andrzej Żuławski and adapted from a screenplay by Manuela Gretkowska.	Szamanka	Manuela Gretkowska
screenwriter	The Fatherless (German: Die Vaterlosen) is a 2011 Austrian drama film written and directed by Marie Kreutzer.	The Fatherless	Marie Kreutzer
screenwriter	Embrace of the Serpent (Spanish: El abrazo de la serpiente) is a 2015 Colombian adventure drama film directed by Ciro Guerra.	Embrace of the Serpent	Ciro Guerra
screenwriter	La Ballade des Dalton is a 1978 French animated film written and directed by René Goscinny, Morris, Henri Gruel and Pierre Watrin starring the comic book character Lucky Luke.	La Ballade des Dalton	René Goscinny	Morris
screenwriter	Cries and Whispers (Swedish: Viskningar och rop, lit. ``Whispers and Cries'') is a 1972 Swedish film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Harriet Andersson, Kari Sylwan, Ingrid Thulin and Liv Ullmann.	Cries and Whispers	Ingmar Bergman
series	Le lourd passé de Lagaffe, written and drawn by Franquin and Jidéhem, is an album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series, numbered R5.	Le lourd passé de Lagaffe	Gaston
series	``Winter Madness'' is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 69th overall episode of the series.	Winter Madness	30 Rock
series	``Two Days and Two Nights'' is the twenty-fifth episode (production #125) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise.	Two Days and Two Nights	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	``The Making of Private Pike'' is the second episode of the ninth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on 9 October 1977.	The Making of Private Pike	Dad's Army
series	``The Naked Now'' is the third episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, originally aired on October 5, 1987 in broadcast syndication in the United States.	The Naked Now	Star Trek: The Next Generation
sex or gender	Ahmet Pezük (born 6 August 1987) is a Turkish male former volleyball player.	Ahmet Pezük	male
sex or gender	Marina Canetti (born January 24, 1983 in Rio de Janeiro) is a female water polo player from Brazil, who won the bronze medal with the Brazil women's national water polo team at the 2003 Pan American Games.	Marina Canetti	female
sex or gender	Andrus Veerpalu (born 8 February 1971 in Pärnu) is a former and so far the most successful Estonian male cross country skier.	Andrus Veerpalu	male
sex or gender	Sarah Dance was the female winner of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's highest academic honor, the 2005 Walter Byers Award, in recognition of being the nation's top female scholar-athlete.	Sarah Dance	female
sex or gender	Wu Wenxiong (Chinese: 吳 文雄 born February 11, 1981) is a male weightlifter from PR China.	Wu Wenxiong	male
spouse	Leslie Newman is a screenwriter who co-wrote the first three Superman films with husband David Newman, who died in 2003.	Leslie Newman	David Newman
spouse	Yvonne Loriod (20 January 1924 -- 17 May 2010) was a French pianist, teacher, and composer, and the second wife of composer Olivier Messiaen.	Yvonne Loriod	Olivier Messiaen
spouse	In 1893, John Henry Comstock and Simon Henry Gage founded the Comstock Publishing Company in order to make textbooks on microscopy, histology, and entomology available at a reasonable price to students and to publish the works of Anna Botsford Comstock on nature study.	John Henry Comstock	Anna Botsford Comstock
spouse	Helen Levitov Sobell (March 13, 1918 - April 15, 2002) was an American teacher, scientist and activist, and the former wife of convicted spy Morton Sobell.	Helen Levitov Sobell	Morton Sobell
spouse	In 1998, twelve years after Samora Machel's death, Graça Machel married Nelson Mandela, President of South Africa, thus becoming the only woman to have been First Lady of two countries.	Samora Machel	Graça Machel
spouse	Yvonne Artaud (Lyon, 1924 - Pondicherry, 5 August 2009) was a French educator, ethnologist, psychologist and artist, and was the aide of the thinker and philosopher Medhananda.	Yvonne Artaud	Medhananda
spouse	Barbara of Portugal (Maria Madalena Bárbara Xavier Leonor Teresa Antónia Josefa; 4 December 1711 -- 27 August 1758) was an Infanta of Portugal and later Queen of Spain as wife of Ferdinand VI of Spain.	Barbara of Portugal	Ferdinand VI of Spain
spouse	Paul Klinger and Karin Andersen, twenty years his junior, met during the filming of a crime thriller in 1950 when she was working on the set as a stills photographer.	Paul Klinger	Karin Andersen
spouse	Lady Brigid Guinness (Brigid Katharine Rachel; 30 July 1920 -- 8 March 1995) was the youngest daughter of Rupert Guinness, 2nd Earl of Iveagh and wife of Prince Frederick of Prussia, grandson of Wilhelm II, German Emperor.	Lady Brigid Guinness	Prince Frederick of Prussia
spouse	Rusudan of Georgia, Empress of Trebizond (Georgian: რუსუდანი) was a consort of Manuel I of Trebizond, and the mother of Empress Theodora.	Rusudan of Georgia, Empress of Trebizond	Manuel I of Trebizond
spouse	Alexandra Barreto (born October 16, 1975) is an American actress who starred in the 2006 television series Pepper Dennis with her future husband Rider Strong and Rebecca Romijn and in the horror film Tooth and Nail, a part of the annual After Dark Horrorfest in 2007.	Alexandra Barreto	Rider Strong
spouse	Paul Dini and his wife, magician Misty Lee, have created an on-line interview feature called Monkey Talk that runs at Kevin Smith's website, Quick Stop Entertainment.com.	Paul Dini	Misty Lee
spouse	Josette Rey-Debove, born November 16, 1929 in Calais (Pas-de-Calais), France and died February 22, 2005 in Senegal, was a lexicographer and semiologist, wife and colleague of Alain Rey.	Josette Rey-Debove	Alain Rey
spouse	Agnes of Faucigny (died 11 August 1268) was suo jure Dame of Faucigny, and countess consort of Savoy by virtue of her marriage in 1236 to Peter II, Count of Savoy.	Agnes of Faucigny	Peter II, Count of Savoy
spouse	Philippine Welser (1527 -- 24 April 1580) was the morganatic wife of Ferdinand II, Archduke of Austria.	Philippine Welser	Ferdinand II, Archduke of Austria
spouse	Gloria Foster was married to the actor Clarence Williams III in 1967.	Gloria Foster	Clarence Williams III
spouse	Maria Josepha Amalia of Saxony (Maria Josepha Amalia Beatrix Xaveria Vincentia Aloysia Franziska de Paula Franziska de Chantal Anna Apollonia Johanna Nepomucena Walburga Theresia Ambrosia; 6 December 1803 -- 18 May 1829) was Queen consort of Spain as the wife of King Ferdinand VII of Spain.	Maria Josepha Amalia of Saxony	Ferdinand VII of Spain
spouse	He also worked as a member of the duet, Grethe og Jørgen Ingmann, together with his wife Grethe Ingmann.	Jørgen Ingmann	Grethe Ingmann
spouse	Lita Grey (born Lillita Louise MacMurray, April 15, 1908 -- December 29, 1995), who was known for most of her life as Lita Grey Chaplin, was an American actress and the second wife of Charlie Chaplin.	Lita Grey	Charlie Chaplin
spouse	According to John Tzetzes the kourotrophos, or nurse of Poseidon was Arne, who denied knowing where he was, when Cronus came searching; according to Diodorus Siculus Poseidon was raised by the Telchines on Rhodes, just as Zeus was raised by the Korybantes on Crete.	Poseidon	Arne
spouse	Alfred Cleveland Blumenthal (December 29, 1885 -- July 29, 1957) was an American real estate developer, theatrical promoter and husband of actress Peggy Fears.	Alfred Cleveland Blumenthal	Peggy Fears
spouse	Anne Morgan, Baroness Hunsdon (c.1529 -- 19 January 1607) was the wife of Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon, by whom she had a total of 12 children.	Anne Morgan, Baroness Hunsdon	Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon
spouse	Maria Megale Komnene (Greek: Μαρία Μεγάλη Κομνηνή), known as Maria of Trebizond (Greek: Μαρία της Τραπεζούντας), (died 17 December 1439) was the third wife of the Byzantine emperor John VIII Palaiologos (r. 1425--1448).	Maria of Trebizond	John VIII Palaiologos
spouse	Ingebjørg Guttormsdatter (12th century) was a medieval Norwegian Queen consort and spouse of King Eystein I of Norway (Øystein Magnusson).	Ingebjørg Guttormsdatter	Eystein I of Norway
spouse	Najwa bin Laden (born c. 1959), née Ghanem, is a Syrian woman who was the first wife and first cousin of Osama bin Laden.	Najwa bin Laden	Osama bin Laden
spouse	Jacob Pietersz Olycan (1596 -- 1638), was a brewer, magistrate, and later mayor of Haarlem, best known today for his portrait by Frans Hals, pendant to the portrait of Aletta Hannemans, whom he married in Zwolle in 1624.	Jacob Pietersz Olycan	Aletta Hannemans
spouse	Chipeta or White Singing Bird (1843 or 1844--August 1924), was a Native American woman, and the second wife of Chief Ouray of the Uncompahgre Ute tribe.	Chipeta	Chief Ouray
spouse	Jessica Rabbit is a fictional character in Who Censored Roger Rabbit? and its loose adaptation, Who Framed Roger Rabbit.	Jessica Rabbit	Roger Rabbit
spouse	Robert Shea is survived by his son, Michael E. Shea, and his second wife, author Patricia Monaghan.	Robert Shea	Patricia Monaghan
spouse	Indeed, a U.S. Treasury report released in 1945 listed Harry James and Betty Grable as the highest-paid couple in the nation.	Harry James	Betty Grable
spouse	Margarita Eustaquia Maza Parada (March 29, 1826 -- January 2, 1871), later known as Margarita Maza de Juárez, was the wife of Benito Juárez and First Lady of Mexico from 1858 to 1864, and then from 1867 until her death from cancer in 1871.	Margarita Maza	Benito Juárez
spouse	Christiane Herzog, née Krauss (born October 26, 1936 in Munich, died June 19, 2000 in Munich) was the wife of Roman Herzog, the former President of Germany.	Christiane Herzog	Roman Herzog
taxon rank	Trichomycterus diatropoporos is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the da Prata and Turvo river basins, tributaries of the das Antas river, in the Laguna dos Patos system in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Trichomycterus diatropoporos	species
taxon rank	Centris elegans is a bee species in the genus Centris found on Saint Vincent and Grenadines.	Centris elegans	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia petraea is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to eastern Cuba.	Dorstenia petraea	species
taxon rank	Woodsia plummerae is a species of fern known by the common name Plummer's cliff fern.	Woodsia plummerae	species
taxon rank	Paradoxides is a genus of large to very large trilobites found throughout the world during the Mid Cambrian period.	Paradoxides	genus
taxon rank	Albizia gummifera is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family, native to sub-saharan Africa and Madagascar, and naturalized in Brazil.	Albizia gummifera	species
taxon rank	Aenictus brevipodus is a species of ant in the Dorylinae subfamily.	Aenictus brevipodus	species
taxon rank	Clepsis persicana, the white triangle tortrix or the green needleworm, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Clepsis persicana	species
taxon rank	Stilpnopappus is a genus of Brazilian plants in the Vernonieae within the daisy family.	Stilpnopappus	genus
taxon rank	Synodontis alberti, the bigeye squeaker or alberti catfish, is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Congo Basin of Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo.	Synodontis alberti	species
taxon rank	Eburia baroni is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Mexico.	Eburia baroni	species
taxon rank	Xanthopappus is a genus of Chinese plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family.	Xanthopappus	genus
taxon rank	Mastax congoensis is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family with restricted distribution in the India and Myanmar.	Mastax congoensis	species
taxon rank	Monochirus is a genus of small soles.	Monochirus	genus
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos albus is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common name common snowberry.	Symphoricarpos albus	species
taxon rank	McIlhenny's four-eyed opossum (Philander mcilhennyi) is an opossum species from South America.	McIlhenny's four-eyed opossum	species
taxon rank	Berzelia is a genus consisting of 12 species of upright, wiry stemmed, evergreen shrubs with a dense covering of small, fine, needle-like leaves.	Berzelia	genus
taxon rank	Synodontis leopardus is a species of upside-down catfish native to costal rivers of Tanzania and Somalia.	Synodontis leopardus	species
taxon rank	Phalerarcha chrysorma is a species of sedge moths, and the only species in the genus Phalerarcha.	Phalerarcha chrysorma	species
taxon rank	Tyttobrycon is a genus of characins native to the Amazon Basin in South America, with five currently recognized species:	Tyttobrycon	genus
taxon rank	Sanshuiornis (meaning ``bird from Sanshui Basin'') is an extinct genus of bird from Middle Eocene deposits of Guangdong Province, south China.	Sanshuiornis	genus
taxon rank	Arthrobacter russicus is a species of Gram-positive bacteria, with type strain A1-3(T) (=GTC 863(T) =JCM 11414(T) =DSM 14555(T)).	Arthrobacter russicus	species
taxon rank	Apiomorpha is a genus of scale insect that induces galls on species of Eucalyptus.	Apiomorpha	genus
taxon rank	Urodacus elongatus, commonly known as the Flinders Range scorpion, is a species of scorpion belonging to the family Urodacidae native to eastern Australia.	Urodacus elongatus	species
taxon rank	Bathyporeia elegans is a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus Bathyporeia.	Bathyporeia elegans	species
taxon rank	Succisella is a genus of flowering plants in the family Caprifoliaceae.	Succisella	genus
taxon rank	Beckianum sinistrum is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.	Beckianum sinistrum	species
taxon rank	At present, it contains the single species Electrocteniza sadilenkoi.	Electrocteniza	species
taxon rank	It contained a single species, Proagriocharis kimballensis, which was smaller than most other turkeys.	Proagriocharis	species
taxon rank	Ilex sintenisii (Sintenis' Holly or cuero de sapo) is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family.	Ilex sintenisii	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Gonatogyne brasiliensis, endemic to southeastern Brazil.	Gonatogyne	species
taxon rank	Forficula lesnei, or Lesne's earwig, is a species of earwig from Europe, particularly Britain.	Forficula lesnei	species
taxon rank	Thermoleophilum album is a bacterium obligate for thermophily and n-alkane substrates, the type species of its genus.	Thermoleophilum album	species
taxon rank	Plectrosternus is a genus of moderate to large sized beetles.	Plectrosternus	genus
taxon rank	Commonly referred to as simply the Old World flying squirrels, the genus Pteromys is distributed across temperate Eurasia, Korean Peninsula and Japan.	Old World flying squirrel	genus
taxon rank	Trachelipus remyi is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in former Yugoslavian states such as Kosovo, Montenegro, and Serbia.	Trachelipus remyi	species
taxon rank	Cerithiopsis perlata is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from European waters.	Cerithiopsis perlata	species
taxon rank	The Diplectanidae are a family of monopisthocotylean monogeneans.	Diplectanidae	family
taxon rank	Peltigera malacea, commonly called veinless pelt or felt lichen, is a species of lichenized fungus in the family Peltigeraceae.	Peltigera malacea	species
taxon rank	Sea urchins or urchins (/ˈɜːrtʃɪnz/), archaically called sea hedgehogs, are small, spiny, globular animals that, with their close kin, such as sand dollars, constitute the class Echinoidea of the echinoderm phylum.	Sea urchin	class
taxon rank	Cyathea heterochlamydea is a little-known species of tree fern native to the islands of Luzon, Panay, Negros and Mindanao in the Philippines, where it grows in montane forest.	Cyathea heterochlamydea	species
taxon rank	Petenia splendida, the Bay snook, is a species of cichlids.	Petenia splendida	species
taxon rank	Eleocharis tuberculosa (cone-cup spikerush) is a plant species native to the United States and Canada.	Eleocharis tuberculosa	species
taxon rank	Cyathea costulisora is a species of tree fern native to Sumatra.	Cyathea costulisora	species
taxon rank	Alierasaurus is an extinct genus of caseid synapsid that lived during the Permian in what is now Sardinia.	Alierasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Gymnogobius is a genus of gobies found in marine, brackish and fresh waters of Asia and the western Pacific Ocean.	Gymnogobius	genus
taxon rank	Hoffmannseggia microphylla (syn. Caesalpinia virgata) is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name wand holdback.	Hoffmannseggia microphylla	species
taxon rank	Rhamnus serrata, the sawleaf buckthorn, is a species of plant in the Rhamnaceae family.	Rhamnus serrata	species
taxon rank	The Hellmayr's pipit (Anthus hellmayri) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.	Hellmayr's pipit	species
taxon rank	Trypanosoma pestanai is a species of kinetoplastid trypanosomatid.	Trypanosoma pestanai	species
taxon rank	Beloderoides nigroapicalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Beloderoides.	Beloderoides nigroapicalis	species
taxon rank	Trisopterus capelanus is a fish species belonging to the cod family (Gadidae).	Trisopterus capelanus	species
taxon rank	Draba corrugata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Southern California draba.	Draba corrugata	species
taxon rank	Turbonilla levis, common name the delicate turbonilla, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Turbonilla levis	species
taxon rank	Adenanthos filifolius is a species of erect shrub endemic to southwest Western Australia.	Adenanthos filifolius	species
taxon rank	Banksia dentata, commonly known as the tropical banksia, is a species of tree in the genus Banksia.	Banksia dentata	species
taxon rank	Osachila is a genus of crabs in the family Aethridae, containing three fossil species, and the following extant species:	Osachila	genus
taxon rank	Acizzia uncatoides (Ferris & Klyver, 1932) is a species of psyllid native to Australia where it feeds primarily on Acacia (especially Acacia melanoxylon) and some Albizia species.	Acizzia uncatoides	species
taxon rank	Cheilosia vicina is a hoverfly species found in Great Britain.	Cheilosia vicina	species
taxon rank	Lysiana exocarpi, commonly known as harlequin mistletoe, is a species of hemiparasitic shrub, endemic to Australia.	Lysiana exocarpi	species
taxon rank	Phylledestes is an extinct genus of butterfly from the Miocene shales of Florissant, Colorado.	Phylledestes	genus
taxon rank	Systata obliqua is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Systata of the family Ulidiidae.	Systata obliqua	species
taxon rank	Ceratophyllus is a widespread genus of fleas found in temperate climates.	Ceratophyllus	genus
taxon rank	Antidesma jayasuriyae, is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family.	Antidesma jayasuriyae	species
taxon rank	The Iris-like Cymbidium (Cymbidium iridioides) is a species of orchid.	Cymbidium iridioides	species
taxon rank	The Sakhalin vole (Microtus sachalinensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Sakhalin vole	species
taxon rank	Carabus cavernosus cavernosus is a subspecies of black coloured ground beetle from Carabinae family that can be found in Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Romania, and everywhere in Yugoslavia (except for Slovenia).	Carabus cavernosus cavernosus	subspecies
taxon rank	Dawkinsia is a genus of cyprinid fishes from freshwater in South India and Sri Lanka.	Dawkinsia	genus
taxon rank	Ptychadena bibroni (commonly known as the broad-banded grassland frog) is a species of frog in the Ptychadenidae family.	Ptychadena bibroni	species
taxon rank	Juncus duranii is an uncommon species of rush known by the common name Duran's rush.	Juncus duranii	species
taxon rank	Metacmaeops vittata is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family.	Metacmaeops	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum corymbosum var. nilesii, is a rare variety of Eriogonum corymbosum, a species of Polygonaceae, commonly known as Nile's wild buckwheat, Las Vegas buckwheat, or golden buckwheat.	Eriogonum corymbosum var. nilesii	variety
taxon rank	Anelosimus eidur is a species of tangle-web spider found in Papua New Guinea.	Anelosimus eidur	species
taxon rank	Olearia traversiorum, the Chatham Island akeake, or Chatham Island tree daisy, is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Olearia traversiorum	species
taxon rank	Polyoza lacordairei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Polyoza.	Polyoza	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis disneyi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Cameroon where it is found in the Mungo and Manyu River basins.	Chiloglanis disneyi	species
taxon rank	Rama rama is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to India where it is found in the Brahmaputra River basin.	Rama rama	species
taxon rank	Lissocarpa is a genus of flowering plants, described as a genus in 1876.	Lissocarpa	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon papillatus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Inyo beardtongue.	Penstemon papillatus	species
taxon rank	Philautus microdiscus (Kobo bubble-nest frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Philautus microdiscus	species
taxon rank	Salvia arizonica is a species of sage known commonly as desert indigo sage and Arizona sage.	Salvia arizonica	species
taxon rank	Atheris matildae, also known as Matilda's horned viper, is a species of arboreal forest viper endemic to Tanzania.	Atheris matildae	species
taxon rank	Afrixalus quadrivittatus is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.	Afrixalus quadrivittatus	species
taxon rank	Physaria tenella is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Moapa bladderpod and slender bladderpod.	Physaria tenella	species
taxon rank	Protopithecus is an extinct genus of large New World monkey that lived during the Pleistocene.	Protopithecus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudomusonia fera is a species of praying mantis native to Costa Rica, Venezuela, and Panama.	Pseudomusonia fera	species
taxon rank	Diachea leucopodia is a species of slime mold of the family Didymiaceae.	Diachea leucopodia	species
taxon rank	Mampava bipunctella, the foxtail millet webworm, is a species of snout moth, and the type species in the genus Mampava.	Mampava bipunctella	species
taxon rank	Tachina magnicornis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found everywhere in Europe, except for Belarus, Ireland, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Monaco, San Marino, Vatican City, and various European islands.	Tachina magnicornis	species
taxon rank	Xenophora conchyliophora is a species of medium-sized to large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae, the carrier shells.	Xenophora conchyliophora	species
taxon rank	Pachypanchax sparksorum is a species of Aplocheilid killifish endemic to Madagascar where it is found in the Anjingo River and streams feeding into the Ankofia River.	Pachypanchax sparksorum	species
taxon rank	Turanana is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is found in the east Palearctic from Greece to Central Asia.	Turanana	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Clemendana pacifera, which is found in Brazil.	Clemendana	species
taxon rank	Bursera microphylla is a North American species of tree in the Frankincense Family in the soapwood order.	Bursera microphylla	species
taxon rank	Zabrus chiosanus is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to the North Aegean islands.	Zabrus chiosanus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea biformis is a species of tree fern native to New Guinea and the Maluku Islands, where it grows against trees in mossy forest and rain forest at an altitude of 850--2200 m. The climbing trunk is very thin, only 1--2 cm in diameter, but can reach 3 m in height.	Cyathea biformis	species
taxon rank	Mesosetum is a genus of Neotropical plants in the grass family, native to North and South America including the West Indies.	Mesosetum	genus
taxon rank	Baoule's mouse (Mus baoulei) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Baoule's mouse	species
taxon rank	Neisosperma sevenetii is a species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae.	Neisosperma sevenetii	species
taxon rank	Copidoris dimorpha is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Copidoris.	Copidoris dimorpha	species
taxon rank	Dendriscocaulon is a taxonomic name that has been used for a genus of fruticose lichen (shrubby form lichen) with a cyanobacteria as the photobiont partner of the fungus.	Dendriscocaulon	genus
taxon rank	Cipactlichthys is a genus of extinct Holostean fish from the Lower Cretaceous of Mexico.	Cipactlichthys	genus
taxon rank	Stylonuroides is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid.	Stylonuroides	genus
taxon rank	Amanita subvaginata, also known as Australian False Vaginata is a species of mycorrhizal fungus from Amanitaceae family that can be found in Sydney and New South Wales, Australia.	Amanita subvaginata	species
taxon rank	Awaous grammepomus, the Scribbled goby, is a species of goby native to freshwater streams and rivers and brackish estuaries from Sri Lanka to New Guinea with a report of it occurring in Palau.	Awaous grammepomus	species
taxon rank	Muellerolimon salicorniaceum, the sole species in genus Muellerolimon, is a succulent perennial herb or shrub that grows on salt mudflats in Western Australia.	Muellerolimon	species
taxon rank	Cyphoma emarginatum, common name : the Emarginate Cyphoma, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.	Cyphoma emarginatum	species
taxon rank	The Andaman rat (Rattus stoicus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Andaman rat	species
taxon rank	Discosauriscidae is a family of stegocephalians from the early Permian.	Discosauriscidae	family
taxon rank	Nectophrynoides laevis, the smooth forest toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Nectophrynoides laevis	species
taxon rank	Adenothamnus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1935.	Adenothamnus	genus
taxon rank	Stenella anthuriicola is a species of anamorph fungus in the family Mycosphaerellaceae.	Stenella anthuriicola	species
taxon rank	Eiconaxius albatrossae is a species of mud lobster from the Pacific Ocean.	Eiconaxius albatrossae	species
taxon rank	Cyanea dolichopoda was a species of shrub in the bellflower family that was endemic to Kauai.	Cyanea dolichopoda	species
taxon rank	Sundolyra latebrosa is a species of catfish found in Sumatra.	Sundolyra latebrosa	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys vegetus, also known as the sprightly colilargo or sprightly pygmy rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys vegetus	species
taxon rank	Diplachne is a genus of plants in the grass family, widespread over much of the world.	Diplachne	genus
taxon rank	Rabbit haemorrhagic disease (RHD), also known as rabbit calicivirus disease (RCD) or viral haemorrhagic disease (VHD), is a highly infectious and often fatal disease that affects wild and domestic rabbits of the species Oryctolagus cuniculus.	Rabbit haemorrhagic disease	species
taxon rank	Cotoneaster kansuensis is a species of flowering plant in the Rosaceae family that can be found in Gansu province of Central China.	Cotoneaster kansuensis	species
taxon rank	Heteroclinus heptaeolus, Ogilby's weedfish, is a species of clinid native to the coast of southern Australia where it can be found in habitats with plentiful seaweed growth.	Heteroclinus heptaeolus	species
taxon rank	Agalinis kingsii is a species of false foxglove that is endemic to the Grand Cayman in the Cayman Islands.	Agalinis kingsii	species
taxon rank	The type and only known species, Gagadon minimonstrum, was described in 2014 based on lower teeth and jaw fragments found in the Wasatch Formation of Bitter Creek, Wyoming.	Gagadon	species
taxon rank	Dracaena reflexa, commonly called pleomele or song of India, is a species of Dracaena which is a tropical tree native to Madagascar, Mauritius, and other nearby islands of the Indian Ocean.	Dracaena reflexa	species
taxon rank	Tropidophorus is a genus of semiaquatic lizards in the skink family (Scincidae), found in Indochina, Borneo, Sulawesi, and the Philippines.	Tropidophorus	genus
taxon rank	Koordersiochloa is a widespread genus of plants in the grass family, native to Africa, tropical Asia, and various islands in the Indian Ocean.	Koordersiochloa	genus
taxon rank	Orbicella annularis, commonly known as the boulder star coral, is a species of coral that lives in the western Atlantic Ocean and is the most thoroughly studied and most abundant species of reef-building coral in the Caribbean to date.	Orbicella annularis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Septopezizella oreadum.	Septopezizella	species
taxon rank	Euryoryzomys nitidus, also known as the elegant oryzomys or elegant rice rat, is a rodent species in the genus Euryoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Euryoryzomys nitidus	species
taxon rank	Camelina microcarpa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by several common names, including littlepod false flax lesser gold-of-pleasure and small seed false flax.	Camelina microcarpa	species
taxon rank	Sanicula maritima is a rare species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names adobe snakeroot and adobe sanicle.	Sanicula maritima	species
taxon rank	Jassa marmorata is a species of tube-building amphipod.	Jassa marmorata	species
taxon rank	Gaultheria procumbens, also called the eastern teaberry, the checkerberry, the boxberry, or the American wintergreen, is a species of Gaultheria native to northeastern North America from Newfoundland west to southeastern Manitoba, and south to Alabama.	Gaultheria procumbens	species
taxon rank	Penstemon floridus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Panamint beardtongue.	Penstemon floridus	species
taxon rank	Cirsonella globosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae, the turban snails.	Cirsonella globosa	species
taxon rank	The Sri Lanka petite shrub frog, Pseudophilautus tanu, is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus tanu	species
taxon rank	Helicinoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of land snails that have an operculum.	Helicinoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Phragmipedium pearcei is a species of orchid ranging from Ecuador to northern Peru.	Phragmipedium pearcei	species
taxon rank	Drosera meristocaulis is a perennial species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera, the only member of the subgenus Meristocaulis.	Drosera meristocaulis	species
taxon rank	Harpaphe haydeniana (the yellow-spotted millipede, almond-scented millipede or cyanide millipede) is a species of polydesmidan (``flat-backed'') millipede found in the moist forests along the Pacific coast of North America, from Southeast Alaska to California.	Harpaphe haydeniana	species
taxon rank	Lophiotoma indica, common name the Indian turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae, the turrids.	Lophiotoma indica	species
taxon rank	Gnaphosa cantabrica is a ground spider species found in Spain and France.	Gnaphosa cantabrica	species
taxon rank	Oreichthys is a genus of tropical barbs found in Thailand, India, Bangladesh, Myanmar (Burma), northern Malay Peninsula, and the Mekong basin in Laos.	Oreichthys	genus
taxon rank	Tiaris is a genus of songbirds in the tanager family (Thraupidae), containing the bulk of the grassquits.	Tiaris	genus
taxon rank	Liocypris grandis is a species of ostracod which was long presumed extinct.	Liocypris grandis	species
taxon rank	Zabrus vignai is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Algeria.	Zabrus vignai	species
taxon rank	Neomenia is a genus of solenogaster, and the only genus in its family.	Neomenia	genus
taxon rank	Dalea carthagenensis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Cartagena prairie-clover.	Dalea carthagenensis	species
taxon rank	Research suggests that Hyles dahlii is in fact a species which evolved from Hyles tithymali through isolation.	Hyles dahlii	species
taxon rank	Barbitistes obtusus, common name Southern Saw-tailed Bush-cricket, is a species of katydids crickets in family Phaneropteridae subfamily Phaneropterinae.	Barbitistes obtusus	species
taxon rank	Colpodella is a genus of alveolates comprising 5 species, and two further possible species:	Colpodella	genus
taxon rank	Epilobium alsinifolium is a species of willowherb known by the common name chickweed willowherb.	Epilobium alsinifolium	species
taxon rank	Cerosterna is a genus of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Lamiinae.The members are found in the Indomalaya ecozone.	Cerosterna	genus
taxon rank	Chiasognathus grantii is a species of stag beetle found in Argentina and Chile.	Chiasognathus grantii	species
taxon rank	Eldeceeon is an extinct genus of reptiliomorph from the Early Carboniferous of Scotland.	Eldeceeon	genus
taxon rank	Trachodon (meaning ``rough tooth'') is a dubious genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur based on teeth from the Campanian-age Upper Cretaceous Judith River Formation of Montana, U.S. It is a historically important genus with a convoluted taxonomy that has been all but abandoned by modern dinosaur paleontologists.	Trachodon	genus
taxon rank	Arenivaga floridensis is a species of sand cockroaches of the subfamily Polyphaginae, in the family Polyphagidae.	Arenivaga floridensis	species
taxon rank	Duabanga is a small genus of lowland evergreen rainforest trees in southeast Asia, comprising two or three species.	Duabanga	genus
taxon rank	Heterometrus kanarensis is a scorpion species found in Karnataka state of India.	Heterometrus kanarensis	species
taxon rank	Ceratosoma amoenum, or the clown nudibranch, is a species of colorful dorid nudibranch, a sea slug, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Ceratosoma amoenum	species
taxon rank	Phelsuma lineata, the lined day gecko, is a species of diurnal gecko native to Madagascar.	Phelsuma lineata	species
taxon rank	The tribe Anthocharini is one of the subdivisions of the insect order Lepidoptera, which includes the moths and butterflies.	Anthocharini	tribe
taxon rank	Trypanosoma cruzi is a species of parasitic euglenoid protozoan.	Trypanosoma cruzi	species
taxon rank	Thermotoga is a genus of the phylum Thermotogae.	Thermotoga	genus
taxon rank	Paratritania alternans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paratritania.	Paratritania alternans	species
taxon rank	Eumerophilus coraeboides is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Eumerophilus.	Eumerophilus	genus
taxon rank	Sharfia mirabilis is an extinct species of anglerfish in the family Lophiidae.	Sharfia mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Selaginella bigelovii is a species of spikemoss known by the common names bushy spikemoss and Bigelow's spikemoss.	Selaginella bigelovii	species
taxon rank	Amauriopsis dissecta is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names yellow ragweed and ragleaf bahia.	Amauriopsis dissecta	species
taxon rank	Amphipogon, greybeard grasses, is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family.	Amphipogon	genus
taxon rank	Shorea almon (also called Light Red Meranti, Philippine Mahogany, or White Lauan) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea almon	species
taxon rank	Anthosachne sacandros is a species of true grass in the Triticeae tribe.	Anthosachne sacandros	species
taxon rank	Strophomenida is a large, extinct order of articulate brachiopods that existed from the lower Ordovician to the lower Jurassic period.	Strophomenida	order
taxon rank	Scapteriscus abbreviatus, the short-winged mole cricket, is a species of insect in the mole cricket family, Gryllotalpidae.	Scapteriscus abbreviatus	species
taxon rank	Preuss's red colobus (Procolobus preussi) is a red colobus primate species endemic to the Cross-Sanaga Rivers ecoregion.	Preuss's red colobus	species
taxon rank	Diaethria ceryx or Ceryx Eighty-eight is a species of butterfly of the Diaethria genus.	Diaethria ceryx	species
taxon rank	Odorrana leporipes is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Guangdong province of China.	Odorrana leporipes	species
taxon rank	Antennaria solitaria is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name singlehead pussytoes.	Antennaria solitaria	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria micrantha, known by the common names brown fritillary and brown bells, is a California species of fritillary in the lily family.	Fritillaria micrantha	species
taxon rank	Oniscus asellus, the common woodlouse, is one of the largest and most common species of woodlouse in the British Isles and Western and Northern Europe, growing to lengths of 16 mm and widths of 6 mm.	Oniscus asellus	species
taxon rank	Hassar affinis is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Parnaiba River basin.	Hassar affinis	species
taxon rank	Nebria wallowae is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Oregon.	Nebria wallowae	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Phylolestes ethelae, the Hispaniolan malachite.	Phylolestes ethelae	species
taxon rank	Allium chienchuanense is a plant species endemic to the Province of Yunnan in southern China.	Allium chienchuanense	species
taxon rank	The Melanorosauridae were a family of sauropodomorph dinosaurs which lived during the Late Triassic and Early Jurassic.	Melanorosauridae	family
taxon rank	Carcharhinus tjutjot, also known as the Indonesian whaler shark is a species of requiem shark, belonging to the family Carcharhinidae.	Carcharhinus tjutjot	species
taxon rank	Stokesiidae is a ciliate protozoa family in the order peniculida.	Stokesiidae	family
taxon rank	Mondegodon is an extinct genus of basal ``mesonychian'' which existed in Portugal, during the earliest Eocene (Neustrian age).	Mondegodon	genus
taxon rank	Bradyrhizobium elkanii is a species of legume-root nodulating, microsymbiotic nitrogen-fixing bacterium originally identified as DNA homology group II strains of B. japonicum .	Bradyrhizobium elkanii	species
taxon rank	Nesolestes pauliani is a species of damselfly in the family Megapodagrionidae.	Nesolestes pauliani	species
taxon rank	The red-sided curly-tailed lizard (Leiocephalus schreibersii), also known as the Hispaniolan curlytail lizard, is a common lizard species native to the Caribbean, though an established introduced population can be found in southern Florida.	Hispaniolan curlytail lizard	species
taxon rank	Eridantes is a genus of Money spider.	Eridantes	genus
taxon rank	Olgaspis is an extinct genus of trilobite arthropods.	Olgaspis	genus
taxon rank	Agathidium is a genus of beetles in the family Leiodidae.	Agathidium	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Mawsonites spriggi, named after Douglas Mawson, and Reg Sprigg.	Mawsonites	species
taxon rank	Timimus is a genus of small coelurosaurian theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Australia.	Timimus	genus
taxon rank	Platythelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs endemic to Lake Tanganyika.	Platythelphusa	genus
taxon rank	Gomphus quadricolor, the rapids clubtail, is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Gomphus quadricolor	species
taxon rank	Simochromis pleurospilus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known to occur in rock rubble areas in the southwestern portion of the lake.	Simochromis pleurospilus	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus parryi, with the common name Parry ceanothus, is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae.	Ceanothus parryi	species
taxon rank	Retortamonas intestinalis is a species of retortamonad which is found in the gastrointestinal tract.	Retortamonas intestinalis	species
taxon rank	The Amur catfish, or Japanese common catfish, Silurus asotus, is a species of catfish (sheatfish), family Siluridae.	Amur catfish	species
taxon rank	Arrhenatherum elatius, with the common names false oat-grass, tall oat-grass, tall meadow oat, onion couch and tuber oat-grass, is a perennial species of grass, common in the temperate regions of Europe.	Arrhenatherum elatius	species
taxon rank	Neivamyrmex is a genus of army ants in the subfamily Dorylinae.	Neivamyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Orthetrum testaceum is an Asian freshwater dragonfly species.	Orthetrum testaceum	species
taxon rank	Myriopteron is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1844.	Myriopteron	genus
taxon rank	Ostrea equestris, or the crested oyster, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Ostreidae.	Ostrea equestris	species
taxon rank	Fistulobalanus is a genus of barnacles, comprising the following species:	Fistulobalanus	genus
taxon rank	Juncus bolanderi is a species of rush known by the common name Bolander's rush.	Juncus bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Boninofatsia is a genus of shrubs of family Araliaceae, with two species.	Boninofatsia	genus
taxon rank	Mnesithea (called Jointtail Grass) is a genus of Asian, Australian, and Pacific Island plants in the grass family.	Mnesithea	genus
taxon rank	Gagea granatellii is a Mediterranean and Black Sea species of plants in the lily family.	Gagea granatellii	species
taxon rank	Eupoecila inscripta, is a species of scarab beetle in the genus Eupoecila, found in western Australia.	Eupoecila inscripta	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos pechoensis is a species of manzanita known by the common name Pecho manzanita.	Arctostaphylos pechoensis	species
taxon rank	Aguascalientia panamaensis is an extinct species of miniature camels found in Panama first described by Aldo F. Rincon et al.	Aguascalientia panamaensis	species
taxon rank	Conus lizardensis, common name the Siboga cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus lizardensis	species
taxon rank	Bromus briziformis is a species of brome grass known by the common name rattlesnake brome.	Bromus briziformis	species
taxon rank	Rice grassy stunt virus (RGSV) is a plant pathogenic virus transmitted by the brown planthopper, Nilaparvata lugens, and two other Nilaparvata species, N. bakeri and N. muiri.	Rice grassy stunt virus	species
taxon rank	Phymatolithon is a genus of nongeniculate coralline red alga, known from the UK.	Phymatolithon	genus
taxon rank	Pteria penguin, commonly known as the penguin's wing oyster, is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pteriidae, the pearl oysters.	Pteria penguin	species
taxon rank	Scaevola coriacea, the dwarf naupaka, is a species of flowering plant in the Goodenia family, Goodeniaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Scaevola coriacea	species
taxon rank	Trichalcidion penicillum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Trichalcidion.	Trichalcidion	species
taxon rank	Spiranthes infernalis, common name Ash Meadows lady's tresses, is a rare species of orchid known from only four locations in Nevada, all close to one another.	Spiranthes infernalis	species
taxon rank	Idolopsalis is a genus of earwigs, the sole member of the subfamily Idolopsalinae.	Idolopsalis	genus
taxon rank	Bonagota salubricola, the Brazilian apple leafroller, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Bonagota salubricola	species
taxon rank	Aquilegia pyrenaica, common name Pyrenean columbine, is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae.	Aquilegia pyrenaica	species
taxon rank	Capsicum baccatum is a species of chili pepper that includes the following cultivars:	Capsicum baccatum	species
taxon rank	Aptenia is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Aizoaceae.	Aptenia	genus
taxon rank	Bithynia siamensis is a species of a freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.	Bithynia siamensis	species
taxon rank	Castilleja, commonly known as Indian paintbrush or prairie-fire, is a genus of about 200 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants native to the west of the Americas from Alaska south to the Andes, northern Asia, and one species as far west as the Kola Peninsula in northwestern Russia.	Castilleja	genus
taxon rank	Diadema antillarum, also known as the lime urchin, black sea urchin, Grabaskey's bane or the long-spined sea urchin, is a species of sea urchin in the Family Diadematidae.	Diadema antillarum	species
taxon rank	Castilleja parviflora is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name mountain Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja parviflora	species
taxon rank	Todea papuana, the Papuan King Fern is a species of fern known only from Papua-New Guinea.	Todea papuana	species
taxon rank	Pinthaeus sanguinipes is a species of stink bug (family Pentatomidae).	Pinthaeus sanguinipes	species
taxon rank	Xenomyrmex is a genus of small ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Xenomyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Tarsistes philippii is a taxonomically dubious species of guitarfish, family Rhinobatidae.	Tarsistes philippii	species
taxon rank	Iris stolonifera is a species in the genus Iris; it is also in the subgenus of Iris, and in the Regelia section.	Iris stolonifera	species
taxon rank	Glyceria striata is a species of mannagrass known by the common names fowl mannagrass and ridged glyceria.	Glyceria striata	species
taxon rank	Quercus cerrioides is an oak species of plant in the Fagaceae family.	Quercus cerrioides	species
taxon rank	Acernaspis is an extinct genus of Trilobite that is known from the Silurian.	Acernaspis	genus
taxon rank	Psenocerus supernotatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Psenocerus.	Psenocerus supernotatus	species
taxon rank	Mycale grandis, the orange keyhole sponge, is a species of marine demosponge in the family Mycalidae.	Mycale grandis	species
taxon rank	Cramauchenia is an extinct genus member of the litoptern order of South American mammals.	Cramauchenia	genus
taxon rank	Alophonotus rauana is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Alophonotus.	Alophonotus rauana	species
taxon rank	Camacinia othello is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the black knight.	Camacinia othello	species
taxon rank	Hebeloma gigaspermum is a European species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.	Hebeloma gigaspermum	species
taxon rank	Viverroidea is an infraorder of feliformia, containing both the family viverridae, and the superfamily herpestoidea.	Viverroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Torreya clarnensis is an extinct species of conifer in the yew family Taxaceae solely known from the middle Eocene sediments exposed in north central Oregon.	Torreya clarnensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudonicarete peyrierasi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudonicarete.	Pseudonicarete peyrierasi	species
taxon rank	Nastanthus falklandicus (also called False-plantain) is a species of plant in the Calyceraceae family.	Nastanthus falklandicus	species
taxon rank	Vitis betulifolia is a widely ranging species of liana in the grape family native to China (found in Gansu, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Shaanxi, Sichuan and Yunnan provinces) where its habitat is forested or shrubby valleys and hillsides, at elevations from 600 to 3,600 metres (2,000 to 11,800 ft).	Vitis betulifolia	species
taxon rank	Diamphidia nigroornata or Bushman arrow-poison beetle, is an African leaf beetle species in the genus Diamphidia.	Diamphidia nigroornata	species
taxon rank	Aenigmastacus crandalli is a species of fossil freshwater crayfish.	Aenigmastacus	species
taxon rank	Xantho hydrophilus (also known as Xantho incisus and various other scientific names) is a species of crab.	Xantho hydrophilus	species
taxon rank	Forcipiger longirostris, commonly known as the longnose butterflyfish or big longnose butterflyfish, is a species of butterflyfish found on coral reefs throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific.	Forcipiger longirostris	species
taxon rank	The Sunda minivet (Pericrocotus miniatus) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Sunda minivet	species
taxon rank	The Herpelidae are the family of common caecilians.	Herpelidae	family
taxon rank	Eremiaphila luxor, common name Luxor mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Egypt.	Eremiaphila luxor	species
taxon rank	Idanophana gephyra is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Idanophana of the family Ulidiidae.	Idanophana gephyra	species
taxon rank	Azaera nodoses is a species of snout moth in the genus Azaera.	Azaera nodoses	species
taxon rank	Nonia exiguella is a species of snout moth, and the type species in the genus Nonia.	Nonia exiguella	species
taxon rank	Cryptacanthodes is a genus of perciform fishes commonly referred to as wrymouths.	Cryptacanthodes	genus
taxon rank	According to the previous taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Ponder & Lindberg, 1997) Systellommatophora was considered to be a suborder or an order.	Systellommatophora	order
taxon rank	The Sepsidae are a family of flies, commonly called the black scavenger flies or ensign flies.	Sepsidae	family
taxon rank	Aglyptodactylus securifer is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.	Aglyptodactylus securifer	species
taxon rank	Ceriagrion mourae is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae endemic to eastern Sub-Saharan Africa, most commonly in Mozambique and Tanzania.	Ceriagrion mourae	species
taxon rank	Pollimyrus is a genus of elephantfishes native to Africa.	Pollimyrus	genus
taxon rank	Treubia is a genus of liverworts in the family Treubiaceae.	Treubia	genus
taxon rank	The family Fagaceae includes beeches and oaks, and comprises about 600 species of both evergreen and deciduous trees and shrubs, which are characterized by alternate simple leaves with pinnate venation, unisexual flowers in the form of catkins, and fruit in the form of cup-like (cupule) nuts.	Fagaceae	family
taxon rank	Hyla zhaopingensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to China.	Hyla zhaopingensis	species
taxon rank	Prorivulus auriferus is a species of rivuline endemic to northeastern Brazil where it is found in the coastal plains.	Prorivulus auriferus	species
taxon rank	Salix babylonica (Babylon willow or weeping willow; Chinese: 垂柳) is a species of willow native to dry areas of northern China, but cultivated for millennia elsewhere in Asia, being traded along the Silk Road to southwest Asia and Europe.	Salix babylonica	species
taxon rank	Thelypteris aculeata is a species of fern in the Thelypteridaceae family.	Thelypteris aculeata	species
taxon rank	Heteristius cinctus, the banded stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California, Mexico to Ecuador where it can be found on sandy bottoms at depths of from 1 to 27 m (3.3 to 88.6 ft).	Heteristius cinctus	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma pulchrum, common name the beautiful top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma pulchrum	species
taxon rank	Dasylirion longissimum, the Mexican Grass Tree, is a species of flowering plant native to the Chihuahuan Desert and other xeric habitats in Northeastern Mexico.	Dasylirion longissimum	species
taxon rank	Bryaninops natans, known commonly as the Redeye goby, is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.	Bryaninops natans	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Kallimoides rumia, the African Leaf Butterfly.	Kallimoides	species
taxon rank	Bathypolypus valdiviae, common name the boxer octopus, is a species of octopus in the Octopodidae family.	Bathypolypus valdiviae	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces carpinensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Carpina in Pernambuco in Brazil.	Streptomyces carpinensis	species
taxon rank	Grapholita pallifrontana is a moth species of the family Tortricidae, subfamily Olethreutinae.	Grapholita pallifrontana	species
taxon rank	Marshallia mohrii, Mohr's Barbara's buttons, is a perennial herb species, endemic to the Southeastern United States, in several locations in Alabama, Georgia, and Florida.	Marshallia mohrii	species
taxon rank	Megalobatrachonema is a nematode genus.	Megalobatrachonema	genus
taxon rank	Deer (singular and plural) are the ruminant mammals forming the family Cervidae.	Deer	family
taxon rank	Anthonomus is a genus of weevils.	Anthonomus	genus
taxon rank	Harposporium is a genus of anamorphic fungi within the Ophiocordycipitaceae family.	Harposporium	genus
taxon rank	Petropedetes natator, also called the saber-toothed frog, is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family found in Ivory Coast, Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.	Petropedetes natator	species
taxon rank	Omobranchus anolius, the oyster blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean.	Omobranchus anolius	species
taxon rank	Aerodramus is a genus of small, dark, cave-nesting birds in the Collocaliini tribe of the swift family.	Aerodramus	genus
taxon rank	Rosieria is a genus of dwarf cynodont from the Late Triassic of France.	Rosieria	genus
taxon rank	Cryptantha scoparia is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Miners candle.	Cryptantha scoparia	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Compsocrita florens, which is found in Brazil.	Compsocrita	species
taxon rank	The Maui island-aster or Maui hesperomannia (Hesperomannia arbuscula) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to the islands of Oʻahu and Maui in Hawaiʻi.	Hesperomannia arbuscula	species
taxon rank	Raninidae is a family of unusual crabs, sometimes known as ``frog crabs'', on account of their frog-like appearance.	Raninidae	family
taxon rank	Mobula eregoodootenkee (the pygmy devil ray or longhorned mobula) is a species of eagle ray in the genus Mobula.	Mobula eregoodootenkee	species
taxon rank	The genus Attheya consist of small single celled diatoms.	Attheya	genus
taxon rank	Patiriella brevispina, also known as purple seastar is an Australian species of sea star.	Patiriella brevispina	species
taxon rank	Thaumatogryllus conanti is a nocturnal species of cricket endemic to the island of Nihoa, where it is found in Devil's Slide, a narrow ravine.	Thaumatogryllus conanti	species
taxon rank	Ticholeptus is an extinct genus of oreodont endemic to North America during the Early Miocene-Middle Miocene epochs (20.6--13.6 mya), existing for approximately 7 million years.	Ticholeptus	genus
taxon rank	Margarites costalis, common name the boreal rosy margarite or the northern ridged margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites costalis	species
taxon rank	The Garo spineless eel, Garo khajuriai, is a species of earthworm eel endemic to India.	Garo spineless eel	species
taxon rank	Neocrepidodera brevicollis is a species of flea beetle from a leaf beetle family that can be found in Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, and Switzerland.	Neocrepidodera brevicollis	species
taxon rank	Amboroa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus in 1956.	Amboroa	genus
taxon rank	Laevaricella is a genus of tropical, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Oleacinidae.	Laevaricella	genus
taxon rank	Fraser's rufous thrush (Neocossyphus fraseri), also known as the rufous flycatcher-thrush, is a species of bird in the thrush family.	Fraser's rufous thrush	species
taxon rank	Chlorophytum inornatum is a flowering plant species in the genus Chlorophytum.	Chlorophytum inornatum	species
taxon rank	Cretoxyrhinidae is an extinct family of sharks.	Cretoxyrhinidae	family
taxon rank	Trypaea australiensis, known as the (marine) yabby or ghost nippers in Australia and as the Australian ghost shrimp elsewhere, is a common species of mud shrimp in south-eastern Australia, the only species in the genus Trypaea.	Trypaea	species
taxon rank	Tonicella undocaerulea, commonly known as the Blue Lined Chiton, is a species of chiton.	Tonicella undocaerulea	species
taxon rank	The Braconidae is a large family of parasitoid wasps.	Braconidae	family
taxon rank	The genus consists of a single species, Concoctio concenta, known from tropical Africa.	Concoctio	species
taxon rank	Bullichthys is an extinct genus of albuliform fish which existed in Brazil during the Lower Cretaceous period.	Bullichthys	genus
taxon rank	Acer palmatum, called Japanese maple or smooth Japanese-maple (Japanese: irohamomiji, イロハモミジ, or momiji, 紅葉) is a species of woody plant native to Japan, North Korea, South Korea, eastern Mongolia, and southeast Russia.	Acer palmatum	species
taxon rank	Torquigener vicinus is a species of fish in the family Tetraodontidae.	Torquigener vicinus	species
taxon rank	Paranemachilus is a genus of stone loaches endemic to China.	Paranemachilus	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Darantasiella javanica, which is found on Java.	Darantasiella	species
taxon rank	Quetecsaurus is an extinct genus of titanosaur sauropod dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous of southern Mendoza Province of western Argentina.	Quetecsaurus	genus
taxon rank	Isolepis carinata (syn. Scirpus koilolepis) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name keeled bulrush.	Isolepis carinata	species
taxon rank	Labicymbium otti is a species of sheet weaver found in Brazil.	Labicymbium otti	species
taxon rank	It has only one species, Sandersonia aurantiaca.	Sandersonia	species
taxon rank	Perissodus is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika.	Perissodus	genus
taxon rank	Urticicola perchtae is a fossil species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, from the Early/Middle Miocene of Sandelzhausen (type locality) and Oggenhausen, southern Germany.	Urticicola perchtae	species
taxon rank	Cancer productus, one of several species known as red rock crabs, is a crab of the genus Cancer found on the western coast of North America.	Cancer productus	species
taxon rank	Mitilanotherium is an extinct genus of giraffe from the Pliocene and Pleistocene of Europe.	Mitilanotherium	genus
taxon rank	Protoceratidae is an extinct family of herbivorous North American artiodactyls (even-toed ungulates) that lived during the Eocene through Pliocene at around 46.2--4.9 Mya, existing for about 41 million years.	Protoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Dunn's mud turtle (Kinosternon dunni), also known as the Colombian mud turtle, is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family.	Dunn's mud turtle	species
taxon rank	Aipysurus laevis is a species of venomous sea snake found in the Indo-Pacific.	Aipysurus laevis	species
taxon rank	Anchomenidius feldmanni is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.	Anchomenidius feldmanni	species
taxon rank	Typhlops cariei commonly known as Hoffstetter's worm snake is an extinct blind snake species which was endemic to Mauritius.	Typhlops cariei	species
taxon rank	Tetrarhynchia is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Jurassic strata in Europe and South America.	Tetrarhynchia	genus
taxon rank	Isocoma rusbyi, the Rusby's goldenbush, is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Isocoma rusbyi	species
taxon rank	Opuntia macrorhiza is a common and widespread species of cactus with the common names plains prickly pear or twistspine pricklypear or Western pricklypear.	Opuntia macrorhiza	species
taxon rank	Geohintonia mexicana (discovered in 1992) is a species of cacti, the only species in the genus Geohintonia.	Geohintonia	species
taxon rank	Cryptotrema is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Cryptotrema	genus
taxon rank	Mionothropus is an extinct genus of nothrotheriine nothrotheriid sloth which existed in Peru in western Amazonia, during the late Miocene (Huayquerian age).	Mionothropus	genus
taxon rank	Chaetopterus or the parchment worm or parchment tube worm is a genus of marine polychaete worm that lives in a tube it constructs in sediments or attaches to a rocky or coral reef substrate.	Chaetopterus	genus
taxon rank	Helianthus hirsutus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name hairy sunflower.	Helianthus hirsutus	species
taxon rank	Rhingia campestris is a species of hoverfly, 7--11 millimetres (0.3--0.4 in) long, with a wingspan of 12--18 mm (0.5--0.7 in).	Rhingia campestris	species
taxon rank	Lepidiolamprologus elongatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers rocky areas.	Lepidiolamprologus elongatus	species
taxon rank	Berberidopsis corallina is a species of ornamental plant.	Berberidopsis corallina	species
taxon rank	Campylobacter rectus is a species of Campylobacter.	Campylobacter rectus	species
taxon rank	Apatosaurus (meaning ``deceptive lizard'' /əˌpætəˈsɔːrəs/) is a genus of extinct sauropod dinosaurs that lived in North America during the Late Jurassic period.	Apatosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Carinaria pseudorugosa is a species of sea gastropod, a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Carinariidae.	Carinaria pseudorugosa	species
taxon rank	Cycloramphus is a genus of frogs in the Cycloramphidae family.	Cycloramphus	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus sericatus is a species of lupine known by the common name Cobb Mountain lupine.	Lupinus sericatus	species
taxon rank	Pterostylis banksii, commonly known as greenhood or tutukiwi, is an orchid species native to New Zealand.	Pterostylis banksii	species
taxon rank	Parhomaloptera microstoma is a species of balitorid or gastromyzontid loach endemic to the island of Borneo.	Parhomaloptera microstoma	species
taxon rank	Megalocephalus (meaning ``big head'') is an extinct genus of baphetid amphibian from the late Carboniferous of the British Isles.	Megalocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Rutoceratidae is a family of prototypical nautilids, derived probably from either Brevicoceratidae or Acleistoceratidae of the order Oncocerida early in the Devonian.	Rutoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Quercus margarettae, the sand post oak or dwarf post oak, is a North American species of oak in the beech family.	Quercus margarettae	species
taxon rank	Allomyces neomoniliformis is a species of fungus from Japan.	Allomyces neomoniliformis	species
taxon rank	Limnonectes nitidus (common name: Tanah Rata wart frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Limnonectes nitidus	species
taxon rank	Eburia cacapyra is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Ecuador.	Eburia cacapyra	species
taxon rank	Chrysolepis chrysophylla is a species of flowering plant in the beech family known by the common names golden chinquapin, giant chinquapin, and western chinquapin.	Chrysolepis chrysophylla	species
taxon rank	Astrophytum is a genus of six species of cacti, native to North America.	Astrophytum	genus
taxon rank	Phascolarctos (from Ancient Greek phaskolos, referring to a pouch or bag, and arktos, meaning ``bear'') is a genus of marsupials containing only one extant species, the koala (P. cinereus).	Phascolarctos	genus
taxon rank	Uca tangeri is a species of fiddler crab that lives in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.	Uca tangeri	species
taxon rank	Batodonoides (often misspelled as Batonoides) is a genus of extinct shrew-like mammals, which includes a species that is possibly the smallest mammal to have ever lived.	Batodonoides	genus
taxon rank	Pycnanthemum is a genus of plants in the mint family (Lamiaceae).	Pycnanthemum	genus
taxon rank	Hyloxalus edwardsi (common name: Edwards' rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Hyloxalus edwardsi	species
taxon rank	Pitthea famula is a species of moth in the family Geometridae.	Pitthea famula	species
taxon rank	Isabelle's ghost bat (Diclidurus isabellus) is a bat species found in northwestern Brazil, Guyana, and Venezuela, and possibly Colombia.	Isabelle's ghost bat	species
taxon rank	Cyphostemma juttae is a slow-growing succulent species of Cyphostemma from southern Africa, well known as an ornamental plant.	Cyphostemma juttae	species
taxon rank	Finella geayi is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Scaliolidae.	Finella geayi	species
taxon rank	Platorchestia is a genus of sand flea, containing the following species:	Platorchestia	genus
taxon rank	Trirachodon (Greek: ``three ridge tooth'') is an extinct genus of tritylodontoid cynodont.	Trirachodon	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium kananaskense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of a forest in Alberta in Canada.	Penicillium kananaskense	species
taxon rank	Quercus arkansana (also called Arkansas oak) is a species of plant in the beech family.	Quercus arkansana	species
taxon rank	Desmazeria is a genus of Mediterranean plants in the grass family, related to Catapodium.	Desmazeria	genus
taxon rank	Acanthetaxalus bostrychoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Acanthetaxalus.	Acanthetaxalus bostrychoides	species
taxon rank	Melarhaphe neritoides, common name : the small periwinkle, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Melarhaphe neritoides	species
taxon rank	The tree species Sorbus americana (syn. Pyrus americana) is commonly known as the American mountain ash.	Sorbus americana	species
taxon rank	The Western Chinese mountain salamander or stream salamander (Batrachuperis pinchonii) is a species of hynobid salamander that is endemic to China.	Western Chinese mountain salamander	species
taxon rank	Ivesia santolinoides is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names silver mousetail, stellariopsis, Sierra mousetail and mousetail ivesia.	Ivesia santolinoides	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Hoplophrys oatesi, also known as the candy crab, Oates's soft coral crab, commensal soft coral crab and Dendronephthya crab.	Hoplophrys	species
taxon rank	Tanganikallabes mortiauxi is a species of airbreathing catfish found in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, and Zambia.	Tanganikallabes mortiauxi	species
taxon rank	Camissonia bairdii is a plant species endemic to Washington County, Utah.	Camissonia bairdii	species
taxon rank	Thelymitra pauciflora, commonly called the Slender Sun Orchid in Australia and Maikaika or Maika in New Zealand is a species of orchid in the family Orchidaceae.	Thelymitra pauciflora	species
taxon rank	Ancistrocarphus filagineus is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family, known by the common names woolly fishhooks and hooked groundstar.	Ancistrocarphus filagineus	species
taxon rank	Tondanichthys kottelati is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to Indonesia, where it is only known from Lake Tondano near Mount Tondano in the far north of the island of Sulawesi.	Tondanichthys kottelati	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius bandanus, known commonly as the Banda comb-tooth, Banda clown blenny, or the Banda combtooth-blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean.	Ecsenius bandanus	species
taxon rank	Lestoideidae is a monotypic family of damselflies.	Lestoideidae	family
taxon rank	Septobasidium is a genus of Basidiomycota fungi.	Septobasidium	genus
taxon rank	Crataegus flabellata is a species of hawthorn known by the common name fanleaf hawthorn.	Crataegus flabellata	species
taxon rank	Callulops robustus (commonly known as Boulenger's callulops frog or robust frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Callulops robustus	species
taxon rank	Ancylostoma is a genus that includes some species of hookworm.	Ancylostoma	genus
taxon rank	Teucrium gnaphalodes is a plant species in the genus Teucrium.	Teucrium gnaphalodes	species
taxon rank	Astrapotheriidae is an extinct family of herbivorous South American land mammals that lived from the Late Eocene (Mustersan SALMA) to the Middle Miocene (Laventan SALMA) 37.8 to 15.97 million years ago.	Astrapotheriidae	family
taxon rank	Spaniocelyphus is a genus of beetle flies known from the Oriental ecozone.	Spaniocelyphus	genus
taxon rank	Senecio velleioides, commonly known as forest groundsel, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Senecio velleioides	species
taxon rank	Limnonectes jarujini is a species of frog in the family Dicroglossidae, first described from near Kaeng Krachan Dam, Thailand.	Limnonectes jarujini	species
taxon rank	Prismostictoides unihyala is a moth in the Endromidae family, and the only species in the genus Prismostictoides.	Prismostictoides unihyala	species
taxon rank	Branchiostomidae (syn: Branchiostomatidae) is the family that includes most of the lancelets, which are tiny chordates without a true spine but only a flexible notochord.	Branchiostomidae	family
taxon rank	Lamprologus lethops is a species of cichlid fish from areas with fast current in the Congo River in Central Africa, where it is believed to live in depths as great as 160 metres (520 ft) below the surface.	Lamprologus lethops	species
taxon rank	Psylla (from the Greek psulla, meaning flea) is a genus of sap-sucking insects belonging to the order Hemiptera.	Psylla	genus
taxon rank	Raillietia is a genus of mites placed in its own family, Railletiidae, in the order Mesostigmata.	Raillietia	genus
taxon rank	Achyropappus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1820.	Achyropappus	genus
taxon rank	Axoclinus nigricaudus, known commonly as the Cortez triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny.	Axoclinus nigricaudus	species
taxon rank	Azeca is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochlicopidae.	Azeca	genus
taxon rank	Cyclocheilichthys sinensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyclocheilichthys.	Cyclocheilichthys sinensis	species
taxon rank	Citharomantis falcata is a species of praying mantis native to Sumatra and Borneo.	Citharomantis	species
taxon rank	Junggaria was a genus of rhyniophyte-like land plants known from fossils found in China in Upper Silurian strata (Přídolí, around 430 to 420 million years ago).	Junggaria	genus
taxon rank	Aphoenops delbreili is a species of beetle in the subfamily Trechinae.	Aphoenops delbreili	species
taxon rank	Trachelipus sarmaticus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Ukraine.	Trachelipus sarmaticus	species
taxon rank	Mecodema punctellum is a presumed-extinct species of ground beetle of the family Carabidae, endemic to Stephens Island in New Zealand.	Mecodema punctellum	species
taxon rank	Galium hallii (Hall's bedstraw) is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae family.	Galium hallii	species
taxon rank	Quercus castaneifolia, the chestnut-leaved oak, is a species of oak in the turkey oak section Quercus sect.	Quercus castaneifolia	species
taxon rank	Cornulitida is an extinct order of encrusting animals from the Tentaculita class, which were common around the globe in the Ordovician to Devonian oceans, and survived until the Carboniferous.	Cornulitida	order
taxon rank	Cornus sanguinea, the common dogwood, is a species of dogwood native to most of Europe and western Asia, occurring north to southern England and southern Scandinavia, and east to the Caspian Sea.	Cornus sanguinea	species
taxon rank	This species was originally noted and named in 1753 by Carolus Linnaeus as Agaricus campestris.	Agaricus campestris	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces ascomycinicus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Kobe City in Japan.	Streptomyces ascomycinicus	species
taxon rank	The family Aplodontiidae also known as Aplodontidae, Haplodontiidae or Haploodontini is traditionaly clasified as the sole extant family of the suborder Protrogomorpha.	Aplodontiidae	family
taxon rank	Discus ruderatus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae, the disk snails.	Discus ruderatus	species
taxon rank	Acacia nanodealbata, known colloquially as dwarf silver-wattle, is a species of Acacia native to Australia.	Acacia nanodealbata	species
taxon rank	Eleothreptus is a genus of nightjars in the Caprimulgidae family.	Eleothreptus	genus
taxon rank	Cercocarpus breviflorus, commonly known as desert mountain mahogany or hairy mountain mahogany, is a species of plant in the rose family, native to northern Mexico and the southwestern United States.	Cercocarpus breviflorus	species
taxon rank	Quercus graciliformis (also called Chisos oak or slender oak) is a rare North American species of trees in the beech family.	Quercus graciliformis	species
taxon rank	Chelyocarpus ulei is a species of palm tree that is native to the western Amazon.	Chelyocarpus ulei	species
taxon rank	Pseudophoenix ekmanii (Cacheo, Cacheo de Oviedo, Dominican Cherry palm ) is a palm species endemic to the Barahona Peninsula and Isla Beata in the Dominican Republic.	Pseudophoenix ekmanii	species
taxon rank	In the east of its range the Kamchatka flounder overlaps with the range of the arrowtooth flounder, and similarities in appearance between the two species mean that they were not distinguished in commercial fishing until 2007.	Kamchatka flounder	species
taxon rank	Polybia is a genus of eusocial wasps from South America (Brazil, Argentina).	Polybia	genus
taxon rank	Junonia almana, the peacock pansy, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia.	Junonia almana	species
taxon rank	Plagiotremus iosodon is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean.	Plagiotremus iosodon	species
taxon rank	Mycocepurus goeldii is a species of ant in the genus Mycocepurus.	Mycocepurus goeldii	species
taxon rank	Tamarix parviflora is a species of tamarisk known by the common name smallflower tamarisk.	Tamarix parviflora	species
taxon rank	Cervaphis quercus is an aphid species described by Takahashi in 1918.	Cervaphis quercus	species
taxon rank	Abudefduf troschelii, the Pacific sergeant major or Panama sergeant major, is a species of damselfish belonging to the family Pomacentridae.	Abudefduf troschelii	species
taxon rank	Hypsophrys nicaraguensis is a species of cichlid endemic to the Atlantic slope of Central America, from Nicaragua to Costa Rica.	Hypsophrys nicaraguensis	species
taxon rank	Lichenochora is a genus of fungi in the order Phyllachorales.	Lichenochora	genus
taxon rank	Lethrinops longipinnis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found at depths of 30 to 140 metres (98 to 459 ft) (usually only down to 70 metres (230 ft)) over sandy substrates.	Lethrinops longipinnis	species
taxon rank	Lioptilodes yungas is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes, known from Bolivia.	Lioptilodes yungas	species
taxon rank	Eurymela fenestrata, widely known as the Common Jassid, is a species of leafhopper found throughout mainland Australia.	Eurymela fenestrata	species
taxon rank	Leuciva, is a North American genus of plants in the sunflower family.	Leuciva	genus
taxon rank	Araneus cinnabarinus, commonly known as the Falklands green spider is a species of orb-weaving spider endemic to the Falkland Islands as well as Chile, Argentina and the Juan Fernández Islands.	Araneus cinnabarinus	species
taxon rank	Pristobaeus jocosus is a species of spider in the jumping spider family (Salticidae), found in Sulawesi.	Pristobaeus jocosus	species
taxon rank	Dasyatis (Greek ``dasys'' meaning rough or dense and ``batus'' meaning skate) is a genus of stingray.	Dasyatis	genus
taxon rank	Labeobarbus micronema is a species of cyprinid fish native to Cameroon and Gabon in Africa.	Labeobarbus micronema	species
taxon rank	Salvia ballotiflora is a species of flowering plant in the mint family, Lamiaceae, that is native to Texas in the United States as well as northeastern and central Mexico.	Salvia ballotiflora	species
taxon rank	Lythria purpuraria, the purple-barred yellow, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.	Lythria purpuraria	species
taxon rank	Neobola is a genus of cyprinid fishes found mostly in East Africa.	Neobola	genus
taxon rank	Pseudocurimata is a genus of toothless characins found in tropical South America, with these currently described species:	Pseudocurimata	genus
taxon rank	Meconella oregana, the white fairypoppy, is a plant species native to Oregon, California, Washington and British Columbia.	Meconella oregana	species
taxon rank	Metacarcinus starri is an extinct species of crab in the family Cancridae, subfamily Cancrinae.	Metacarcinus starri	species
taxon rank	Prionosciadium bellii is a plant species endemic to the Mexican State of Michoacán.	Prionosciadium bellii	species
taxon rank	Myopa dorsalis is a species belonging to the family Conopidae subfamily Myopinae.	Myopa dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Gyraulus costulatus is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Gyraulus costulatus	species
taxon rank	Saurorictus is an extinct genus of Late Permian captorinid known from Western Cape Province of South Africa.	Saurorictus	genus
taxon rank	Gelyella is a genus of freshwater copepods which are ``surrounded by mystery''.	Gelyella	genus
taxon rank	Neoephemera antiqua is an extinct species of mayfly in the family Neoephemeridae that is known from early Eocene, Ypresian stage, lake deposits near the small community of Republic in Ferry County, Washington, USA.	Neoephemera antiqua	species
taxon rank	Tryblidium reticulatum is an exctinct species of a paleozoic Silurian monoplacophoran.	Tryblidium reticulatum	species
taxon rank	Rosales is an order of flowering plants.	Rosales	order
taxon rank	Origanum amanum (Amanum oregano) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae, native to the Hatay Province of southern Turkey, bordering on Syria.	Origanum amanum	species
taxon rank	Euarchontoglires (synonymous with Supraprimates) is a clade and a superorder of mammals, the living members of which belong to one of the five following groups: rodents, lagomorphs, treeshrews, colugos and primates (including humans).	Euarchontoglires	superorder
taxon rank	Trillium kurabayashii, the giant purple wakerobin, is a species of flowering plants native to southwestern Oregon and northern California.	Trillium kurabayashii	species
taxon rank	Carpiodes is a genus of suckers found in freshtwater in North America.	Carpiodes	genus
taxon rank	Pachyrizodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Albian to the Campanian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.	Pachyrizodus	genus
taxon rank	Tympanopleura atronasus is a species of catfish of the family Auchenipteridae.	Tympanopleura atronasus	species
taxon rank	Handleyomys saturatior, also known as the cloud forest oryzomys or cloud forest rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae.	Handleyomys saturatior	species
taxon rank	Chenanisuchus (``Chenane crocodile'') is a genus of dyrosaurid crocodyliform from the Late Cretaceous of Mali and the Late Palaeocene of Sidi Chenane in Morocco.	Chenanisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Tarodes is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders), with the single species T. lineatus.	Tarodes	species
taxon rank	Lecanorineae are a suborder of pezizomycetes fungi, commonly known as the lichens and rostrate asci.	Lecanorineae	suborder
taxon rank	Orthotylus viridinervis is a species of green coloured bug from a family of Miridae that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania, Andorra, Croatia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Malta, Moldova, Portugal, Macedonia, and most part of Russia.	Orthotylus viridinervis	species
taxon rank	Agapanthia violacea is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Lamiinae.	Agapanthia violacea	species
taxon rank	Archaeospheniscus is an extinct genus of large penguins.	Archaeospheniscus	genus
taxon rank	Hylomys is a small genus of the family Erinaceidae.	Hylomys	genus
taxon rank	Morone is a genus of temperate basses native to the Atlantic coast of North America and the freshwater systems of the southwestern and eastern United States.	Morone	genus
taxon rank	Euphorbia bombensis, commonly called the Southern Seaside Spurge, is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family.	Euphorbia bombensis	species
taxon rank	Chaetodiadema japonicum is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae.	Chaetodiadema japonicum	species
taxon rank	Sinezona iota is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Scissurellidae.	Sinezona iota	species
taxon rank	Neottia banksiana is a species of orchid known by the common name northwestern twayblade.	Neottia banksiana	species
taxon rank	Urceolina is a genus of South American plants in the Amaryllis family, all native to Perú.	Urceolina	genus
taxon rank	Evolenes exarata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Evolenes.	Evolenes	species
taxon rank	Berberis aetnensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1826.	Berberis aetnensis	species
taxon rank	Dipturus nidarosiensis, commonly known as the Norwegian skate or black skate, is a species of skate found in the Norwegian Sea, North Sea and the Bay of Biscay.	Dipturus nidarosiensis	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium tenellum, the small black blueberry, is a plant species native to the southeastern United States from southeastern Mississippi to northern Florida to southern Virginia.	Vaccinium tenellum	species
taxon rank	Peltobatrachus (from Greek pelte, meaning shield and batrakhos, meaning frog) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the late Permian period of Tanzania.	Peltobatrachus	genus
taxon rank	Palleon nasus, commonly known as the elongate leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.	Palleon nasus	species
taxon rank	Agasicles hygrophila is a species of leaf beetle known by the common name alligator weed flea beetle.	Agasicles hygrophila	species
taxon rank	Maimetsha arctica is an extinct genus of wasp which existed during the Cretaceous period, and the only species in the genus Maimetsha.	Maimetsha	genus
taxon rank	Shinkailepas kaikatensis is a species of sea snail, a false limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phenacolepadidae.	Shinkailepas kaikatensis	species
taxon rank	The Plagiorchiata are by far the largest suborder of plagiorchiidan flatworms.	Plagiorchiata	suborder
taxon rank	Collodictyon is a basal genus of single-celled eukaryotes not closely related to any heretofore known kingdom of that domain.	Collodictyon	genus
taxon rank	Campanula raineri (Rainer's bellflower, Rainer's harebell) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Campanula of the family Campanulaceae, native to the Swiss and Italian Alps.	Campanula raineri	species
taxon rank	Phenacodontidae is an extinct family of large herbivorous mammals traditionally placed in the wastebasket taxon Condylarthra, that may represent early perissodactyls.	Phenacodontidae	family
taxon rank	Neothais marginatra, common name : the brownish drupe, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Neothais marginatra	species
taxon rank	Penicillium sacculum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces the xanthone 1-hydroxy-3-methoxy-6-sulfo-8-methylxanthone.	Penicillium sacculum	species
taxon rank	Solariella lacunella, common name the channelled solarielle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.	Solariella lacunella	species
taxon rank	Balanoglossus is an ocean-dwelling acorn worm (Enteropneusta) genus of great zoological interest because, being a Hemichordate, it is an ``evolutionary link'' between invertebrates and vertebrates.	Balanoglossus	genus
taxon rank	Dinoponera snellingi (named after Roy Snelling) is a queenless species of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Dinoponera snellingi	species
taxon rank	Amanita breckonii is a species of agaric fungus in the large genus Amanita.	Amanita breckonii	species
taxon rank	Lagosuchus is a genus of small archosaur from the middle Triassic period.	Lagosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Zeargyrodes fasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Zeargyrodes.	Zeargyrodes fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Ginkgo biloba, known as ginkgo or as the maidenhair tree, is the only living species in the division Ginkgophyta, all others being extinct.	Ginkgo biloba	species
taxon rank	Aulotandra is a genus of plants native to Cameroon and Madagascar.	Aulotandra	genus
taxon rank	Oncidium klotzschianum is a species of orchid occurring from Costa Rica to Peru and Venezuela.	Oncidium klotzschianum	species
taxon rank	Geniostoma confertiflorum is a species of plant in the Loganiaceae family endemic to Fiji.	Geniostoma confertiflorum	species
taxon rank	Carya washingtonensis is an extinct species of hickory nut in the walnut family Juglandaceae.	Carya washingtonensis	species
taxon rank	Erica ciliaris is a species of heather, known in the British Isles as Dorset heath.	Erica ciliaris	species
taxon rank	Michaelophorus margaritae is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus, known from Ecuador.	Michaelophorus margaritae	species
taxon rank	Oberea adumbrata is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Tippman in 1958.	Oberea adumbrata	species
taxon rank	Luzocephalus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Russia.	Luzocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Sinobdella sinensis is a species of the spiny eel family (order Synbranchiformes), and is the only species of the genus Sinobdella.	Sinobdella sinensis	species
taxon rank	Dikerogammarus haemobaphes is a species of freshwater gammarid crustacean.	Dikerogammarus haemobaphes	species
taxon rank	Ugrunaaluk is a genus of saurolophine hadrosaurid which was found in the Arctic of Alaska.	Ugrunaaluk	genus
taxon rank	Musa lolodensis is a species of wild banana (genus Musa), occurring naturally from the Moluccas through to New Guinea.	Musa lolodensis	species
taxon rank	Priabona is an extinct genus of big-headed flies in the dipteran subfamily Nephrocerinae, within which it is one of only two genera.	Priabona	genus
taxon rank	Desisella strandiella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Desisella.	Desisella strandiella	species
taxon rank	The Santa Marta sabrewing (Campylopterus phainopeplus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Santa Marta sabrewing	species
taxon rank	Aetosaurus is an extinct genus of archosaur reptile belonging to the order Aetosauria.	Aetosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lycia ursaria, the stout spanworm moth or bear, is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.	Lycia ursaria	species
taxon rank	Caladenia discoidea, commonly known as the dancing spider orchid, antelope orchid or bee orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Caladenia discoidea	species
taxon rank	Caenis amica is a species of mayfly in the genus Caenis.	Caenis amica	species
taxon rank	Cicindela patruela, commonly known as Northern Barrens Tiger Beetle is a species of tiger beetle from the Cicindelinae subfamily.	Cicindela patruela	species
taxon rank	Shorea balanocarpoides (also called White Meranti or Yellow Meranti) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea balanocarpoides	species
taxon rank	Poteria translucida is a species of tropical land snail with gills and an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae.	Poteria translucida	species
taxon rank	Euhadra quaesita, common name, the sought-after false hadra, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae.	Euhadra quaesita	species
taxon rank	Huanansaurus is an extinct genus of oviraptorid dinosaur that lived approximately 72 million years ago, between the Campanian and Maastrichtian, during the latter part of the Cretaceous period in what is now China, in the Nanxiong Formation.	Huanansaurus	genus
taxon rank	Ancharius griseus is a species of catfish of family Anchariidae.	Ancharius griseus	species
taxon rank	Salix koriyanagi is a species of willow native to Korea.	Salix koriyanagi	species
taxon rank	The Tritoniidae are a taxonomic family of dendronotid nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod molluscs.	Tritoniidae	family
taxon rank	Taracus is a genus of harvestman, or Opiliones, typically found living in caves in the United States.	Taracus	genus
taxon rank	Micryletta is a small genus of microhylid frogs.	Micryletta	genus
taxon rank	Herpetogaster is an extinct monotypic genus of animal from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale containing the species Herpetogaster collinsi.	Herpetogaster	genus
taxon rank	Sternbergia schubertii is a rare and quite possibly extinct plant species known only from one specimen collected in Izmir, Turkey, in 1839.	Sternbergia schubertii	species
taxon rank	Uroderma is a genus of Central and South American phyllostomid bats.	Uroderma	genus
taxon rank	Thylacares is a genus of Thylacocephalan containing only the single species Thylacares brandonensis.	Thylacares	genus
taxon rank	Livonia mammilla, common name False melon or False baler, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk of the genus Livonia in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Livonia mammilla	species
taxon rank	Conus coronatus, common name the crowned cone or the coronated cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus coronatus	species
taxon rank	Larinia is an orb-weaving spider genus.	Larinia	genus
taxon rank	Arta statalis, the posturing arta moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Arta.	Arta statalis	species
taxon rank	Lysmata vittata is a species of shrimp, native to the Indo-Pacific from East Africa to the Philippines, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.	Lysmata vittata	species
taxon rank	Lypusa is a genus of moths of the Lypusidae family, traditionally held to be a monotypic lineage of Tineoidea.	Lypusa	genus
taxon rank	Mylia taylorii, the Taylor's flapwort, is a species of leafy liverwort.	Mylia taylorii	species
taxon rank	Incilius tacanensis (common name: Volcan Tacana toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Incilius tacanensis	species
taxon rank	Cypripedium molle is a species of orchid native to Puebla and Oaxaca, Mexico.	Cypripedium molle	species
taxon rank	Pseudochalceus is a genus of characins from freshwater habitats in western Ecuador and western Colombia.	Pseudochalceus	genus
taxon rank	Vernonieae is a tribe of about 1300 species of plants in the aster family.	Vernonieae	tribe
taxon rank	Athous apfelbecki is a species of click beetle from Elateridae family.	Athous apfelbecki	species
taxon rank	Ficus daimingshanensis is a plant species native to the Chinese provinces of Guangxi and Hunan.	Ficus daimingshanensis	species
taxon rank	Altica oleracea is a species of leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae, subfamily Galerucinae.	Altica oleracea	species
taxon rank	Psychristus belkab is a species of ground beetle from the Harpalinae subfamily that is endemic to Yunnan province of China.	Psychristus belkab	species
taxon rank	Spilosoma virginica is a species of moth in the Arctiinae subfamily.	Spilosoma virginica	species
taxon rank	Drosophila lanaiensis was a species of fly in family Drosophilidae that was endemic to Hawaii.	Drosophila lanaiensis	species
taxon rank	Boechera falcatoria (formerly Arabis falcatoria) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Grouse Creek rockcress.	Boechera falcatoria	species
taxon rank	Ergot (pron. /ɜrɡət/ UR-gut) or ergot fungi refers to a group of fungi of the genus Claviceps.	Ergot	genus
taxon rank	Ascophyllum nodosum is a large, common brown alga (Phaeophyceae) in the family Fucaceae, being the only species in the genus Ascophyllum.	Ascophyllum	species
taxon rank	Siphopteron quadrispinosum is a species of small sea slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc in the order Cephalaspidea, the headshield slugs.	Siphopteron quadrispinosum	species
taxon rank	Anostomus anostomus, also known as the striped headstander, striped anostomus, and striped anastomus, is a species of fish.	Anostomus anostomus	species
taxon rank	Hazardia cana is a rare North American species of shrubs in the daisy family known by the common names Guadalupe hazardia, San Clemente Island hazardia, or simply island hazardia.	Hazardia cana	species
taxon rank	Gersemia rubiformis, commonly known as the sea strawberry, is a species of soft coral in the family Nephtheidae.	Gersemia rubiformis	species
taxon rank	Canis ferox (Latin: canis: dog, ferox: fierce; hence fierce dog) is a species of canidae which was endemic to North America and lived from the Late Hemphillian stage (10.9 Mya) of the Pliocene through the Miocene epoch (5.8 Mya).	Canis ferox	species
taxon rank	Tephrosia candida, the white hoarypea, is a species of plant in the legume family.	Tephrosia candida	species
taxon rank	Allium chrysonemum is a species of onions native the Sierra de Cazorla mountain range in southeastern Spain.	Allium chrysonemum	species
taxon rank	Delphinium viridescens is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name Wenatchee larkspur.	Delphinium viridescens	species
taxon rank	Anoura is a genus of leaf-nosed bats from Central and South America.	Anoura	genus
taxon rank	Clavatula taxea, common name the yew turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.	Clavatula taxea	species
taxon rank	Pourouma cecropiifolia (Amazon Grape, Amazon Tree-grape or Uvilla; syn. P. multifida) is a species of Pourouma, native to tropical South America, in the western Amazon Basin in northern Bolivia, western Brazil, southeastern Colombia, eastern Ecuador, eastern Peru, and southern Venezuela.	Pourouma cecropiifolia	species
taxon rank	Cteniloricaria maculata is a species of armored catfish native to French Guiana and Suriname where it is found in the Maroni and Corantijn River basins.	Cteniloricaria maculata	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pectinotrichum llanense.	Pectinotrichum	species
taxon rank	Hipposyngnathus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.	Hipposyngnathus	genus
taxon rank	Pericopsis elata, the African teak, afromosia, or afrormosia, is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Pericopsis elata	species
taxon rank	Astralium rotularium, common name the rotary star shell or the knob star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Astralium rotularium	species
taxon rank	Perny's long-nosed squirrel (Dremomys pernyi) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Perny's long-nosed squirrel	species
taxon rank	Helix godetiana is a species of large, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Helix godetiana	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia glomerata is a species of grass known by the common names spiked muhly and marsh muhly.	Muhlenbergia glomerata	species
taxon rank	It is the only species remaining in the monotypic genus Pelvetia.	Pelvetia	genus
taxon rank	Neocyprideis timorensis is a species of Indo-Pacific ostracod that has existed since the Miocene.	Neocyprideis timorensis	species
taxon rank	The Centrocnemidinae are a subfamily of the reduviid (assassin bugs), found exclusively on tree trunks, where their bodies camouflage well.	Centrocnemidinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Amantis hainanensis is a species of praying mantis native to China and Vietnam.	Amantis hainanensis	species
taxon rank	Upeneichthys is a genus of goatfishes native to the Indian and Pacific coasts of Australia.	Upeneichthys	genus
taxon rank	Lasiancistrus saetiger is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil.	Lasiancistrus saetiger	species
taxon rank	The Papuan king parrot (Alisterus chloropterus), also known as the green-winged king parrot, is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family found in West Papua and Papua New Guinea.	Papuan king parrot	species
taxon rank	Ageratina luciae-brauniae is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Lucy Braun's snakeroot and rockhouse white snakeroot.	Ageratina luciae-brauniae	species
taxon rank	Cymopterus deserticola is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names desert cymopterus or desert springparsley.	Cymopterus deserticola	species
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos hesperius, called the trailing snowberry or creeping snowberry, is a North American species of trailing shrubs in the honeysuckle family.	Symphoricarpos hesperius	species
taxon rank	Philaenus is a genus of insects belonging to the family Aphrophoridae, the spittlebugs.	Philaenus	genus
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum kolopakingii is a species of orchid endemic to Borneo (central Kalimantan).	Paphiopedilum kolopakingii	species
taxon rank	Amblypygi is an order of arachnid chelicerate arthropods also known as whip spiders and tailless whip scorpions (not to be confused with whip scorpions and vinegaroons that belong to the related order Thelyphonida).	Amblypygi	order
taxon rank	Veleropilina zografi is a Recent deep-sea (bathyal) species of monoplacophoran, a superficially limpet-like marine mollusk from the Atlantic Ocean.	Veleropilina zografi	species
taxon rank	Cryptandra tomentosa, commonly known as Prickly Cryptandra, is a shrub species in the Buckthorn family, Rhamnaceae.	Cryptandra tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Blenniella cyanostigma, the Striped rockskipeer, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Indian Ocean.	Blenniella cyanostigma	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Hidakaea tumidula.	Hidakaea	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus rhodesi (common name: Rhodes' robber frog) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus rhodesi	species
taxon rank	Phalaenopsis philippinensis is an endemic species of orchid found from Luzon island in the Philippines.	Phalaenopsis philippinensis	species
taxon rank	Clasmodosaurus was a genus of dinosaur, probably a sauropod.	Clasmodosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Acanthopleura gemmata, the Jewelled Chiton, is a species of chiton.	Acanthopleura gemmata	species
taxon rank	Galearctus is a genus of slipper lobsters, comprising the following species:	Galearctus	genus
taxon rank	Dactylotum bicolor, also known as the rainbow grasshopper, painted grasshopper, or the barber pole grasshopper, is a species of grasshopper in the family Acrididae.	Dactylotum bicolor	species
taxon rank	Gelasinospora is a genus of fungi within the order Sordariales.	Gelasinospora	genus
taxon rank	Crotalaria juncea, reduced both the germination and seedlings of various crop species (bell pepper, tomato, onion, and others).	Crotalaria juncea	species
taxon rank	The Zanzibar red colobus (Procolobus kirkii) is a species of red colobus monkey endemic to Unguja, the main island of the Zanzibar Archipelago, off the coast of Tanzania.	Zanzibar red colobus	species
taxon rank	Rotaria is a genus of asexual microorganism known as a bdelloid rotifer.	Rotaria	genus
taxon rank	It is known only from the fossil remains of a single species, the huge and presumably flightless Eremopezus eocaenus.	Eremopezus	species
taxon rank	The Leptotyphlopidae (commonly called slender blind snakes or thread snakes) are a family of snakes found in North and South America, Africa, and Asia.	Leptotyphlopidae	family
taxon rank	Abricta is a genus of cicada found in Réunion, Mauritius, northeastern India, the Moluccas, New Caledonia and eastern Australia.	Abricta	genus
taxon rank	Macrotomoxia palpalis is a species of beetle in the Macrotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	Macrotomoxia palpalis	species
taxon rank	Strumigenys lyroessa is a species of ant found in Bhutan, India, and Sri Lanka.	Strumigenys lyroessa	species
taxon rank	Erigeron greenei is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Greene's narrow-leaved daisy .	Erigeron greenei	species
taxon rank	Pegomastax (``strong jaw'') is a genus of heterodontosaurid dinosaur discovered in Lower Jurassic rocks in South Africa.	Pegomastax	genus
taxon rank	Charales is an order of freshwater green algae in the division Charophyta commonly known as ``stoneworts''.	Charales	order
taxon rank	Lathyrus linifolius is a species of pea, commonly called bitter vetch or heath pea.	Lathyrus linifolius	species
taxon rank	Aloe africana (known as the African Aloe) is an arborescent species of aloe plant, indigenous to the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Aloe africana	species
taxon rank	Paramoeba is a genus of common parasites, including species that can cause infection in fish, crabs (including the ``blue crab'', Callinectes sapidus), sea urchins and others.	Paramoeba	genus
taxon rank	Meiacanthus urostigma is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian Ocean where it is only known from the Surin Islands.	Meiacanthus urostigma	species
taxon rank	Asclepias subulata is a species of milkweed known commonly as the rush milkweed, desert milkweed or ajamete.	Asclepias subulata	species
taxon rank	Colus stimpsoni, common name the Stimpson's colus, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Colus stimpsoni	species
taxon rank	Urodacus yaschenkoi, commonly known as the inland robust scorpion, is a species of scorpion belonging to the subfamily Urodacinae (family Scorpionidae).	Urodacus yaschenkoi	species
taxon rank	The Florida grasshopper sparrow is one of four subspecies of grasshopper sparrows in North America.	Florida grasshopper sparrow	subspecies
taxon rank	Diaphorodoris luteocincta is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calycidorididae.	Diaphorodoris luteocincta	species
taxon rank	Longipterygidae is a family of early enantiornithine birds from the early Cretaceous Period of China.	Longipterygidae	family
taxon rank	Lipocarpha occidentalis, the Western halfchaff sedge, or Pacific halfchaff sedge, is a plant species native to western part of the United States but cultivated as an ornamental in other regions.	Lipocarpha occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis cusickii is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common name Morning brides or Cusick's pincushion.	Chaenactis cusickii	species
taxon rank	Popillia is a genus of scarab beetles.	Popillia	genus
taxon rank	Cerithium caeruleum, the Cerith Sand Snail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.	Cerithium caeruleum	species
taxon rank	Ogygioses eurata is a species of moth of the Palaeosetidae family.	Ogygioses eurata	species
taxon rank	Holapogon maximus also known as the Titan cardinalfish, is a species in the family Apogonidae, the cardinalfishes.	Holapogon maximus	species
taxon rank	Dibamus nicobaricum is a species of lizard found in the Nicobar Islands of India.	Dibamus nicobaricum	species
taxon rank	Allium hookeri is a plant species native to India, Sri Lanka, Myanmar (Burma), Bhutan, and southwestern China (Sichuan, Tibet and Yunnan).	Allium hookeri	species
taxon rank	Trifolium nigrescens, the small white clover, is an annual species which is widespread around the Mediterranean, including north Africa, and the Middle East.	Trifolium nigrescens	species
taxon rank	The Spine-tufted Skimmer, or Crimson-tailed Marsh Hawk, Brown-backed Red Marsh Hawk, (Orthetrum chrysis) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Orthetrum chrysis	species
taxon rank	Eurygaster confidens is a species of true bug or shield-backed bug belonging to the family Scutelleridae.	Eurygaster confidens	species
taxon rank	Liocarcinus is a genus of crabs, which includes the flying crab, the vernal crab and several other swimming crabs.	Liocarcinus	genus
taxon rank	Sebastes schlegelii also known as the Korean rockfish, is a predatory species of seaperch found in northern Asia.	Sebastes schlegelii	species
taxon rank	Austrofusus glans is a species of medium-sized sea snail or whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Austrofusus glans	species
taxon rank	Lumbricus terrestris is a large, reddish worm species widely distributed around the world (along with several other lumbricids).	Lumbricus terrestris	species
taxon rank	Vitis ficifolia is a species of liana in the grape family native to the Asian temperate climate zone.	Vitis ficifolia	species
taxon rank	Atlantidae is a family of sea snails, holoplanktonic gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Atlantidae	family
taxon rank	Betasuchus is a genus of theropod dinosaur which lived during the Late Cretaceous Period.	Betasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Ruehleia is a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur from the Late Triassic period of Germany.	Ruehleia	genus
taxon rank	In a study on its effects on fungus, Asarum caudatum had antifungal properties when tested against nine fungal species.	Asarum caudatum	species
taxon rank	Alphatetraviridae is a family of viruses.	Alphatetraviridae	family
taxon rank	Cattleya nobilior (literally ``the More Noble Cattleya'', referring to the flowers which are larger than those of C. walkeriana, the other rhizanthoid Cattleya, of which it was originally considered a variety) is a species of orchid.	Cattleya nobilior	species
taxon rank	The Belladonna Cracker (Hamadryas belladonna) is a species of cracker butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.	Hamadryas belladonna	species
taxon rank	Dasypus bellus, the beautiful armadillo, is an extinct armadillo species endemic to North America and South America from the Pleistocene, living from 1.8 mya--11,000 years ago, existing for approximately 1.789 million years.	Dasypus bellus	species
taxon rank	Microseris acuminata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Sierra foothill silverpuffs.	Microseris acuminata	species
taxon rank	Morchella spongiola is a species of fungus in the Morchellaceae family.	Morchella spongiola	species
taxon rank	Tradescantia buckleyi, commonly known as Buckley's spiderwort, is a species of flowering plant in the dayflower family, Commelinaceae.	Tradescantia buckleyi	species
taxon rank	Astragalus congdonii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Congdon's milkvetch.	Astragalus congdonii	species
taxon rank	Canarium mutabile, common name the variable stromb, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Canarium mutabile	species
taxon rank	Alfaroa williamsii is a tropical monoecious cloud forest dwelling species of tree first recognized in the Cordillera Central of Nicaragua at an altitude of 1.3 km. The mature tree is 15-25 m in height, with a 0.5 m DBH.	Alfaroa williamsii	species
taxon rank	Passiflora citrina is a species of Passion flower native to Central America.	Passiflora citrina	species
taxon rank	Armodorum is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to Southeast Asia.	Armodorum	genus
taxon rank	Salticus peckhamae is a species of spider from a Salticidae family.	Salticus peckhamae	species
taxon rank	Machaerirhynchus is a genus of passerine birds with affinities to woodswallows and butcherbirds.	Machaerirhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Nuclearia is a nucleariid genus.	Nuclearia	genus
taxon rank	The genus Aztekium contains three species of small globular cactus.	Aztekium	genus
taxon rank	Arctotis fastuosa, called Monarch-of-the-veld, is a species of African plants in the daisy family, native to Namibia and South Africa.	Arctotis fastuosa	species
taxon rank	Aeluroidea is an extant superfamily of feline-like carnivores that are, or were, endemic to North America, South America, Africa, and Asia.	Aeluroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Schoepfiaceae is a family of flowering plants recognized in the APG III system of 2009.	Schoepfiaceae	family
taxon rank	Erianthemum dregei is a species of parasitic plant in the Loranthaceae family, and is commonly known as the Hairy mistletoe or Wood flower.	Erianthemum dregei	species
taxon rank	Appedesis vidua is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Appedesis.	Appedesis vidua	species
taxon rank	Malacothrix clevelandii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Cleveland's desertdandelion.	Malacothrix clevelandii	species
taxon rank	Lepidurus packardi is a rare species of tadpole shrimp known by the common name vernal pool tadpole shrimp.	Lepidurus packardi	species
taxon rank	Navarretia subuligera is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names awl-leaf pincushionplant or awl-leaved navarretia.	Navarretia subuligera	species
taxon rank	Megapenthes lugens is a species of primarily European click beetle.	Megapenthes lugens	species
taxon rank	Carex longebrachiata, commonly known as Australian sedge or drooping sedge, is a plant species in the sedge family, Cyperaceae.	Carex longebrachiata	species
taxon rank	Paressonodon is an extinct genus of multituberculate which existed in Colorado during the late Cretaceous period.	Paressonodon	genus
taxon rank	Noguerornis is a genus of enantiornithine bird possibly related to Iberomesornis.	Noguerornis	genus
taxon rank	Prionus coriarius (sometimes referred to as ``the tanner'' or ``the sawyer'') is a species of longhorn beetle.	Prionus coriarius	species
taxon rank	Tachina brevicornis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in China, Japan, and Russia.	Tachina brevicornis	species
taxon rank	The genus includes one species, Rooneyia viejaensis.	Rooneyia	species
taxon rank	Francisella tularensis is a pathogenic species of Gram-negative, rod-shaped coccobacillus, an aerobe bacterium.	Francisella tularensis	species
taxon rank	Micraspis flavovittata is a species of ladybird of the genus Micraspis.	Micraspis flavovittata	species
taxon rank	The Adelaide pygmy blue-tongue skink or pygmy bluetongue (Tiliqua adelaidensis) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.	Adelaide pygmy blue-tongue skink	species
taxon rank	Erythroxylum rufum, the rufous false cocaine, is a flowering plant species in the genus Erythroxylum.	Erythroxylum rufum	species
taxon rank	Leptotila is a genus of birds in the family Columbidae.	Leptotila	genus
taxon rank	Pulmonaria angustifolia (narrow-leaved lungwort, blue cowslip) is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae, native to central and north eastern Europe.	Pulmonaria angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Geragnostus is a genus of very small agnostid trilobites whose fossils are found Ordovician-aged marine strata from Eurasia, North America and Argentina.	Geragnostus	genus
taxon rank	The Antilocapridae are a family of artiodactyls endemic to North America.	Antilocapridae	family
taxon rank	Proentelodon is an extinct genus of entelodont artiodactyl from the Middle Eocene of Mongolia.	Proentelodon	genus
taxon rank	Cicindela circumpicta, also known as Habroscelimorpha circumpicta, is a species of a tiger beetles in the Cicindelidae family.	Cicindela circumpicta	species
taxon rank	Alosa agone is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alosa.	Alosa agone	species
taxon rank	The D'Orbigny's Banded Anole, Pristidactylus fasciatus, is a species of lizard from Chile and Argentina.	Pristidactylus fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea hancockii is a species of tree fern native to the Ryukyu Islands, Japan, Taiwan and Hong Kong.	Cyathea hancockii	species
taxon rank	Brissopsis atlantica is a species of sea urchin of the Family Brissidae.	Brissopsis atlantica	species
taxon rank	Microsynodontis laevigata is a species of upside-down catfish endmic to Gabon where it is found in the Ivindo River.	Microsynodontis laevigata	species
taxon rank	Egglestonichthys is a genus of gobies native to brackish and marine waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Egglestonichthys	genus
taxon rank	Altijuba is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing one species Altijuba oktediensis, which is known from Papua New Guinea.	Altijuba	species
taxon rank	Hypsopygia thymetusalis, the spruce needleworm moth or paler dolichomia moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsopygia.	Hypsopygia thymetusalis	species
taxon rank	Haploferonia simplex is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Haploferonia.	Haploferonia	genus
taxon rank	Coltivirus is a genus of viruses (belonging to the Reoviridae family) that infects vertebrates, invertebrates, and plants.	Coltivirus	genus
taxon rank	Amphiesma deschauenseei, commonly known as the northern keelback or Deschauensee's keelback, is a species of nonvenomous natricine snake endemic to Asia.	Amphiesma deschauenseei	species
taxon rank	Scabiosa caucasica, the Caucasian pincushion flower, pincushion-flower or Caucasian scabious, is a species of flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to the Caucasus, north eastern Turkey, and northern Iran.	Scabiosa caucasica	species
taxon rank	Antennaria parvifolia is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Nuttall's pussytoes and small-leaf pussytoes (not to be confused with littleleaf pussytoes).	Antennaria parvifolia	species
taxon rank	Lycodon gammiei, commonly known as Gammie's wolf snake, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid endemic to northern India.	Lycodon gammiei	species
taxon rank	Guadalupiidae is a family of fossil sponges that lived from the Pennsylvanian (Carboniferous) until the Norian (Late Triassic).	Guadalupiidae	family
taxon rank	Gouania vitifolia (also known as Oʻahu chewstick) is an endangered species flowering plant in the buckthorn family, Rhamnaceae that is endemic to Hawaii.	Gouania vitifolia	species
taxon rank	Reganochromis calliurus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa where it can be found in deeper coastal waters over sandy substrates at depths of around 60 metres (200 ft).	Reganochromis calliurus	species
taxon rank	Hardenbergia is a small genus of leguminous vines from Australia.	Hardenbergia	genus
taxon rank	The sole species, Woollsia pungens, is a small shrub found in eastern Australia, from Pigeon House Mountain in southern New South Wales north into Queensland.	Woollsia	species
taxon rank	Ablepharus budaki, commonly known as Budak's snake-eyed skink, is a species of skink endemic to the Near East.	Ablepharus budaki	species
taxon rank	Paraoxypilus is a genus of mantis, known as the boxer bark mantids.	Paraoxypilus	genus
taxon rank	Allium baluchistanicum is a plant species endemic to the Baluchistan region in Pakistan.	Allium baluchistanicum	species
taxon rank	Culoptila is a genus of caddisflies found primarily in Central America as well as the United States.	Culoptila	genus
taxon rank	Lyonia ligustrina is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common names maleberry and he-huckleberry.	Lyonia ligustrina	species
taxon rank	Phlox caespitosa is a species of phlox known by the common name tufted phlox.	Phlox caespitosa	species
taxon rank	Hylophorbus (Mawatta Frogs) is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea.	Hylophorbus	genus
taxon rank	Calotes bachae is a species of lizard in the Agamidae family.	Calotes bachae	species
taxon rank	Vibrio casei is a Gram-negative species of bacterium in the genus Vibrio.	Vibrio casei	species
taxon rank	Deinandra increscens is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name grassland tarweed.	Deinandra increscens	species
taxon rank	Izumonauta is an extinct genus of shelled octopods from the Mid to Late Miocene of Japan and New Zealand.	Izumonauta	genus
taxon rank	Gilia cana is used as an exclusive food plant by the larvae of the Lepidoptera species Schinia biundulata.	Schinia biundulata	species
taxon rank	Snyderina is a genus of waspfishes found in the western Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Snyderina	genus
taxon rank	Dendropsophus leucophyllatus (common names: Beireis' treefrog, also white-leaf frog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus leucophyllatus	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops nasalis, or Taylor's blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops nasalis	species
taxon rank	Oreokera is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Oreokera	genus
taxon rank	Schistura oedipus is a species of troglobitic stone loach endemic to Thailand.	Schistura oedipus	species
taxon rank	Clea cambojiensis is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks, most of which are marine.	Clea cambojiensis	species
taxon rank	Prenoceratops, (meaning 'bent or prone-horned face' and derived from Greek prene-/πρηνη- meaning 'bent forwards' or 'prone', cerat-/κερατ- meaning 'horn' and -ops/ωψ meaning 'face') is a genus of ceratopsian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period.	Prenoceratops	genus
taxon rank	Ulva prolifera is a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found worldwide.	Ulva prolifera	species
taxon rank	Thyrsostachys is a genus of Chinese and Indochinese bamboo in the grass family.	Thyrsostachys	genus
taxon rank	Rana iriodes is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Vietnam.	Rana iriodes	species
taxon rank	Palaeospinax is an extinct genus of shark which lived from the Early Triassic to the end of the Eocene epoch.	Palaeospinax	genus
taxon rank	Lyonia fruticosa, the poor-grub or coastal plain staggerbush, is a plant species native to the US states of Florida, southern Georgia and the extreme southern part of South Carolina.	Lyonia fruticosa	species
taxon rank	Heteroponera flava is a species of ant in the genus Heteroponera.	Heteroponera flava	species
taxon rank	Neohecyra graueri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neohecyra.	Neohecyra graueri	species
taxon rank	Dothideales are an order of bitunicate fungi consisting mainly of saprobic or plant parasitic species.	Dothideales	order
taxon rank	Puncha ratzeburgi is a species of snakeflies in the family Raphidiidae.	Puncha ratzeburgi	species
taxon rank	Aethes dilucidana, the short-barred yellow conch, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Aethes dilucidana	species
taxon rank	Euprymna berryi, commonly called humming-bird bobtail squid or Berry's bobtail squid among various other vernacular names, is a species of mollusc cephalopod in the family Sepiolidae.	Euprymna berryi	species
taxon rank	Cantharidus pulcherrimus, common name the beautiful jewel top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Cantharidus pulcherrimus	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia contrajerva is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean and South America.	Dorstenia contrajerva	species
taxon rank	Mallosia graeca is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily, that can be found only in Greece.	Mallosia graeca	species
taxon rank	Typhlichthys subterraneus is a species of fish in the Amblyopsidae family endemic to karst regions of the eastern United States.	Typhlichthys subterraneus	species
taxon rank	Eupatorium tashiroi is a plant species in Asteraceae.	Eupatorium tashiroi	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia lotteae is a species of flowering plant from the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia lotteae	species
taxon rank	Taxus chinensis is a species of yew.	Taxus chinensis	species
taxon rank	Ocenebra erinaceus, common name the European sting winkle, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex and rock snails.	Ocenebra erinaceus	species
taxon rank	Mycena nargan, commonly known as the Nargan's bonnet, is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family, and the sole member of the section Nargan in the genus Mycena.	Mycena nargan	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops melanotermus, or the Latin American blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops melanotermus	species
taxon rank	Sotoa is a genus of orchid, a relatively new genus described in 2010.	Sotoa	genus
taxon rank	Austromorium hetericki is an Australian species of ant in the genus Austromorium.	Austromorium hetericki	species
taxon rank	Bossiaea obcordata, commonly known as spiny bossiaea, is a plant species in the family Fabaceae.	Bossiaea obcordata	species
taxon rank	Aphanotorulus ammophilus, also known as the Black spotted pleco or L094, is a species of benthopelagic tropical freshwater catfish in the family Loricariidae endemic to Venezuela, specifically the Río Orinoco drainage.	Aphanotorulus ammophilus	species
taxon rank	Abraeus is a genus of hister beetles.	Abraeus	genus
taxon rank	Libinia dubia, the longnose spider crab, is a species of crab in the family Epialtidae.	Libinia dubia	species
taxon rank	Flabellina llerae is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine heterobranchia mollusc in the family Flabellinidae.	Flabellina llerae	species
taxon rank	Burnettia, common name lizard orchid, is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Burnettia	genus
taxon rank	Boltonia apalachicolensis, common name Apalachicola doll's-daisy, is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Boltonia apalachicolensis	species
taxon rank	Heterandria is a genus of livebearing fishes within the family Poeciliidae.	Heterandria	genus
taxon rank	Cranoglanis multiradiatus is a species of armorhead catfish found in China with questionable records from Vietnam.	Cranoglanis multiradiatus	species
taxon rank	Trachelipus difficilis is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Hungary, Romania and Slovakia.	Trachelipus difficilis	species
taxon rank	Agonum darlingtoni is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily, that can be found in the United States.	Agonum darlingtoni	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Aepylopha thalassia, which is found in Australia.	Aepylopha	species
taxon rank	Olybria furciferella is a species of snout moth in the genus Olybria.	Olybria furciferella	species
taxon rank	Scartella itajobi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Atlantic ocean.	Scartella itajobi	species
taxon rank	Inocarpus fagifer, commonly known as the Tahitian Chestnut, Polynesian Chestnut, Aila or Mape tree, is a species of flowering plant in the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family, Fabaceae.	Inocarpus fagifer	species
taxon rank	Amaranthus torreyi is a species of flowering plant that is sometimes considered to be a synonym of Amaranthus watsonii.	Amaranthus torreyi	species
taxon rank	Rhinocricidae is a family of millipedes, that occurs disjunctly in Malesia and neighbouring parts of Australasia and in the Neotropics.	Rhinocricidae	family
taxon rank	Moghreberia is an extinct genus of dicynodont from the Triassic period in Morocco.	Moghreberia	genus
taxon rank	Tetralonia commixtana, also known as Tetralonia (Thygatina) commixtana, is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae.	Tetralonia commixtana	species
taxon rank	Leiocassis is a genus of bagrid catfishes found mostly in Southeast Asia with some species occurring in China.	Leiocassis	genus
taxon rank	Leptopelis is a genus of frogs found throughout Africa.	Leptopelis	genus
taxon rank	Xiphasia setifer, the hairtail blenny or the snake blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific and Indian Oceans.	Xiphasia setifer	species
taxon rank	Kerguelenella innominata is a species of air-breathing sea snail, a false limpet, a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae, the false limpets.	Kerguelenella innominata	species
taxon rank	Dendropsophus koechlini is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, known commonly as Koechlin's Treefrog.	Dendropsophus koechlini	species
taxon rank	Gammarus hyalelloides is a species of amphipod crustacean in the family Gammaridae.	Gammarus hyalelloides	species
taxon rank	Aptostichus simus is a species of trapdoor spider in the family Euctenizidae.	Aptostichus simus	species
taxon rank	Distenia is a genus of Disteniid beetle.	Distenia	genus
taxon rank	Alocasia cucullata is a species of flowering plant in the arum family known by the common names Chinese taro, Chinese ape, Buddha's hand, and hooded dwarf elephant ear.	Alocasia cucullata	species
taxon rank	Discocactus is a genus of tropical cactus.	Discocactus	genus
taxon rank	Procaimanoidea (``Before Caiman-forms'') is an extinct genus of alligatorid from the Eocene of North America.	Procaimanoidea	genus
taxon rank	Pituophis is a genus of nonvenomous colubrid snakes commonly referred to as gopher snakes, pine snakes, and bull snakes, which are endemic to North America.	Pituophis	genus
taxon rank	Limax ecarinatus (also known as Limacus maculatus when the subgenus Limacus is elevated to the generic level), is a large species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae, the keelback slugs.	Limax ecarinatus	species
taxon rank	Jiangjunosaurus is a genus of herbivorous stegosaurian dinosaur from the Oxfordian-age (Upper Jurassic) Shishugou Formation of the Junggar Basin, Xinjiang, China.	Jiangjunosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Typhlopidae are a family of blind snakes.	Typhlopidae	family
taxon rank	Flabellina marcusorum, (Spanish common name: Eolidáceo de Marcus) is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Flabellinidae.	Flabellina marcusorum	species
taxon rank	Vermilacinia cerebra is classified in the subgenus Cylindricaria in which it is distinguished from related species by the thallus divided into tubular inflated or somewhat compressed fan-shaped branches.	Vermilacinia cerebra	species
taxon rank	Arytropteris pondo, known as Pondo Flat-necked Shieldback, is a species of shield-backed katydid.	Arytropteris pondo	species
taxon rank	Boechera hoffmannii (formerly Arabis hoffmannii) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Hoffmann's rockcress.	Boechera hoffmannii	species
taxon rank	Packera macounii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Siskiyou Mountains ragwort.	Packera macounii	species
taxon rank	Sievekingia is a genus of orchid, comprising 20 species found in Central and South America, from Nicaragua east to the Guianas and south to Bolivia.	Sievekingia	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus morio is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as Afghanistan, Armenia, Georgia, Iran, Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Syria, Turkmenistan, Turkey and Uzbekistan.	Zabrus morio	species
taxon rank	Acanthostega (meaning spiny roof) is an extinct genus of stem-tetrapod, among the first vertebrate animals to have recognizable limbs.	Acanthostega	genus
taxon rank	Knipowitschia mermere is a species of fresh water goby endemic to Lake Marmara in Turkey where it can be found in shallow, poorly oxygenated water with plentiful weed growth.	Knipowitschia mermere	species
taxon rank	Erodium moschatum is a species of flowering plant in the geranium family known by the common names musk stork's-bill and whitestem filaree.	Erodium moschatum	species
taxon rank	Chlorogalum purpureum is a species of flowering plant related to the agaves known by the common name purple amole.	Chlorogalum purpureum	species
taxon rank	Mimotragocephala dujardini is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimotragocephala.	Mimotragocephala dujardini	species
taxon rank	The Tremellomycetes are a class of dimorphic fungi.	Tremellomycetes	class
taxon rank	Omphalota chlorobasis is a species of snout moth in the genus Omphalota.	Omphalota chlorobasis	species
taxon rank	Orthosiphon aristatus is a plant species in the family of Lamiaceae / Labiatae.	Orthosiphon aristatus	species
taxon rank	Chthonerpeton indistinctum is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family found in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.	Chthonerpeton indistinctum	species
taxon rank	Dunaliella is a genus of the algae family Dunaliellaceae.	Dunaliella	genus
taxon rank	Agrostis elliottiana is a species of grass known by the common name Elliott's bent grass.	Agrostis elliottiana	species
taxon rank	Crepis bakeri is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Baker's hawksbeard.	Crepis bakeri	species
taxon rank	Litadeini is a pan-tropical tribe of lace bugs.	Litadeini	tribe
taxon rank	Pseudocyriocrates strandi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudocyriocrates.	Pseudocyriocrates strandi	species
taxon rank	Paracirrhites is a genus of hawkfishes found on tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean.	Paracirrhites	genus
taxon rank	Isocoma arguta is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Carquinez goldenbush.	Isocoma arguta	species
taxon rank	The single described species Pseudopartona ornata is only found in French Guiana.	Pseudopartona	species
taxon rank	Palaeoaplysina is a genus of tabular, calcified fossils that are a component of many Late Palaeozoic reefs.	Palaeoaplysina	genus
taxon rank	Conus wallangra, common name the Wallangra cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus wallangra	species
taxon rank	Opades costipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Opades.	Opades	species
taxon rank	Bakerella is genus of sixteen showy mistletoe species in Madagascar and the Mascarenes.	Bakerella	genus
taxon rank	Combresomyces is a genus of hyphal, parasitic oomycete known from the fossil record; it infects organisms such as the seed fern Lyginopteris .	Combresomyces	genus
taxon rank	Chlorurus sordidus, known commonly as the daisy parrotfish or bullethead parrotfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Scaridae.	Chlorurus sordidus	species
taxon rank	Antedon mediterranea is a species of stalkless crinoid in the family Antedonidae, commonly known as the Mediterranean feather star.	Antedon mediterranea	species
taxon rank	Milvus is a genus of medium-sized birds of prey.	Milvus	genus
taxon rank	Potomotyphlus kaupii is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family.	Potomotyphlus	species
taxon rank	Boophis tephraeomystax is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family endemic to Madagascar.	Boophis tephraeomystax	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes chalazodes (chalazodes bubble-nest frog, white-spotted bush frog, or Günther's bush frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes chalazodes	species
taxon rank	Fissurella costata, common name : the costate keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Fissurella costata	species
taxon rank	Ribes nevadense (sometimes spelled R. nevadaense) is a species of currant known by the common names Sierra currant and mountain pink currant.	Ribes nevadense	species
taxon rank	Glossostelma is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1895.	Glossostelma	genus
taxon rank	Enoplosus armatus, the old wife (plural: old wives), is a species of perciform fish endemic to the temperate coastal waters of Australia.	Enoplosus armatus	species
taxon rank	Cheirolophus is a genus in the sunflower family described as a genus in 1827.	Cheirolophus	genus
taxon rank	Granulenotes granulipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Granulenotes.	Granulenotes granulipennis	species
taxon rank	Gryllus assimilis, commonly known as the Jamaican field cricket, is one of many cricket species known as a field cricket.	Gryllus assimilis	species
taxon rank	Papilio fuelleborni is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Tanzania and Malawi.	Papilio fuelleborni	species
taxon rank	Oectoperodes rufitinctalis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Oectoperodes.	Oectoperodes	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum saxatile is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name hoary buckwheat.	Eriogonum saxatile	species
taxon rank	Janthina globosa is a species of holoplanktonic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae, the violet snails or purple storm snails.	Janthina globosa	species
taxon rank	Leucoptera spartifoliella is a species of moth in family Lyonetiidae known by the common name Scotch broom twig miner.	Leucoptera spartifoliella	species
taxon rank	Alcithoe hedleyi is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Alcithoe hedleyi	species
taxon rank	Iapetognathus fluctivagus is a species of denticulate cordylodan conodonts belonging to the genus Iapetognathus.	Iapetognathus fluctivagus	species
taxon rank	Hybopsis is a genus of cyprinid fish endemic to the United States.	Hybopsis	genus
taxon rank	Thor amboinensis, commonly known as the squat shrimp or sexy shrimp, is a species of shrimp found across the Indo-West Pacific and in parts of the Atlantic Ocean.	Thor amboinensis	species
taxon rank	Spasskia brevicarinata is a species of parasitoid wasp native to the Guizhou and Yunnan provinces of China.	Spasskia brevicarinata	species
taxon rank	Apistobuthus pterygocercus is a species of scorpion that lives on the Arabian Peninsula.	Apistobuthus pterygocercus	species
taxon rank	Camponotus eastwoodi is a species of ant in the genus Camponotus.	Camponotus eastwoodi	species
taxon rank	Acer pauciflorum is an Asian species of maple in the sandalwood family.	Acer pauciflorum	species
taxon rank	Populus guzmanantlensis is a species of plant in the family Salicaceae.	Populus guzmanantlensis	species
taxon rank	Allium speculae, the Little River Canyon Onion, is a plant species native to the US States of Georgia and Alabama, especially in the vicinity of the Little River Canyon National Preserve in northeastern Alabama.	Allium speculae	species
taxon rank	Manfreda virginica, commonly known as the false aloe, rattlesnake master, and Virginia agave, is a species of flowering plant related to agaves.	Manfreda virginica	species
taxon rank	Astragalus obscurus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name arcane milkvetch.	Astragalus obscurus	species
taxon rank	The Jamaican monkey (Xenothrix mcgregori) is an extinct species of New World monkey first uncovered at Long Mile Cave in Jamaica by Harold Anthony in 1919.	Jamaican monkey	species
taxon rank	The binni, or Mesopotamic Barbel, Mesopotamichthys sharpeyi, is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Tigris-Euphrates river system.	Mesopotamichthys sharpeyi	species
taxon rank	Alvaradoa is a genus of plant in family Picramniaceae.	Alvaradoa	genus
taxon rank	Melica stricta is a species of grass known by the common name rock melic.	Melica stricta	species
taxon rank	The genus contains a single described species, Haidomyrmodes mammuthus.	Haidomyrmodes	species
taxon rank	Austriadraco is a genus of pterosaur living during the Late Triassic in the area of present Austria.	Austriadraco	genus
taxon rank	Valvata virens is a species of freshwater snail in the family Valvatidae.	Valvata virens	species
taxon rank	Mahonia hancockiana is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae, first described in 1917.	Mahonia hancockiana	species
taxon rank	Aristolochia quangbinhensis ((Vietnamese) Phòng Kỷ Quảng Bình) is a Endemic Flora species in Aristolochia genus.	Aristolochia quangbinhensis	species
taxon rank	Tieghemella heckelii (also called Baku or Cherry Mahogany) is a tree species of the genus Tieghemella in the plant family of the Sapotaceae.	Tieghemella heckelii	species
taxon rank	Colubraria testacea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae.	Colubraria testacea	species
taxon rank	Miathyria is a Neotropical genus of dragonflies.	Miathyria	genus
taxon rank	Achondrostoma oligolepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Achondrostoma.	Achondrostoma oligolepis	species
taxon rank	The Alcyonacea, or soft corals, are an order of corals which do not produce calcium carbonate skeletons.	Alcyonacea	order
taxon rank	Australosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylian belonging to the subfamily Mekosuchinae.	Australosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Oreorchis patens is a species of orchid native to eastern Asia.	Oreorchis patens	species
taxon rank	Uroplectes formosus is a species of scorpion in the family Buthidae, and the smallest species in the genus Uroplectes.	Uroplectes formosus	species
taxon rank	Habenaria medusa is a species of orchid endemic to Java, Sumatra, Sulawesi and Borneo.	Habenaria medusa	species
taxon rank	Aggiosaurus is an extinct genus of geosaurine metriorhynchid crocodyliform known from the Late Jurassic (late Oxfordian stage) of Nice, southeastern France.	Aggiosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Sinocyclocheilus tileihornes is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.	Sinocyclocheilus tileihornes	species
taxon rank	Myelodes jansei is a species of snout moth, and the type species in the genus Myelodes.	Myelodes jansei	species
taxon rank	Hepsetus is a genus of African fishes, the African pikes, in the order Characiformes.	Hepsetus	genus
taxon rank	Pararhadinorhynchus mugilis is a species of parasitic worm in the phylum Acanthocephala.	Pararhadinorhynchus mugilis	species
taxon rank	Aspistomella lobioptera is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Aspistomella of the family Ulidiidae.	Aspistomella lobioptera	species
taxon rank	Pitekunsaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Neuquén, Argentina.	Pitekunsaurus	genus
taxon rank	Rhammatophyllum pachyrhizum is a plant species native to Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.	Rhammatophyllum pachyrhizum	species
taxon rank	The Phytoscutus genus contains the following species:	Phytoscutus	species
taxon rank	Carlephyton madagascariense is a plant species in the genus Carlephyton endemic to Madagascar.	Carlephyton madagascariense	species
taxon rank	Horsfordia is a small genus of flowering plants in the mallow family known commonly as velvetmallows.	Horsfordia	genus
taxon rank	Viator picis is an extinct genus and species of lapwing (Charadriiformes; Charadriidae; Vanellinae) known only from the upper Pleistocene asphalt deposits known as the Talara Tar Seeps, which are found near Talara, northwestern Peru.	Viator picis	species
taxon rank	Adenium arabicum is a species of plant commonly used for bonsai and cultivated for its leaves, growth form and flowering characteristics.	Adenium arabicum	species
taxon rank	Allium erdelii is a plant species found in Israel, Palestine Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Egypt, Libya and Jordan.	Allium erdelii	species
taxon rank	Magnapinna atlantica, previously known as ``Magnapinna sp. A'', is a species of bigfin squid known from only two specimens collected in the northern Atlantic Ocean.	Magnapinna atlantica	species
taxon rank	Hydrophyllum brownei (Brown's waterleaf) is a rare North American plant species found only in the Ouachita Mountains in Arkansas.	Hydrophyllum brownei	species
taxon rank	Myoxocephalus scorpioides, the arctic sculpin or the northern sculpin, is a predatory species of sculpin in the fish family Cottidae.	Myoxocephalus scorpioides	species
taxon rank	Brancsikia freyi is a species of praying mantis of the subfamily Deroplatyinae of the family Mantidae.	Brancsikia freyi	species
taxon rank	Platanthera sparsiflora is a species of orchid known by the common name sparse-flowered bog orchid.	Platanthera sparsiflora	species
taxon rank	Allanblackia floribunda, known in English as 'tallow tree', is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family that has been long used in traditional African medicine to treat hypertension.	Allanblackia floribunda	species
taxon rank	The water springtail (Podura aquatica) is a species of springtail, one of only four described species in the family Poduridae.	Podura aquatica	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia choconiana is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Central America from Guatemala to Panama.	Dorstenia choconiana	species
taxon rank	Maerua andradae is a species of plant in the Capparaceae family.	Maerua andradae	species
taxon rank	Chrysopilus asiliformis, the 'little snipefly', is a species of 'snipe flies' belonging to the family Rhagionidae.	Chrysopilus asiliformis	species
taxon rank	Bambusa ventricosa is a species of bamboo which is native to Vietnam and to Guangdong province in southern China.	Bambusa ventricosa	species
taxon rank	Lycopodium magellanicum is a species of club moss that falls into the Lycopodium genus.	Lycopodium magellanicum	species
taxon rank	Scaphiopus is a genus of North American amphibian commonly referred to as the North American spadefoots, southern spadefoots, or eastern spadefoot toads.	Scaphiopus	genus
taxon rank	Kokia kauaiensis, the Kauai treecotton or Kauaʻi Kokiʻo, is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to Kauaʻi, Hawaii.	Kokia kauaiensis	species
taxon rank	Bursera bipinnata is a Mesoamerican species of trees widespread across Mexico and Central America from Chihuahua to Honduras.	Bursera bipinnata	species
taxon rank	Heterorhabditis heliothidis is a nematode species in the genus Heterorhabditis.	Heterorhabditis heliothidis	species
taxon rank	Vinca minor (common names lesser periwinkle or dwarf periwinkle) is a species of flowering plant native to central and southern Europe, from Portugal and France north to the Netherlands and the Baltic States, east to the Caucasus, and also southwestern Asia in Turkey.	Vinca minor	species
taxon rank	Afronandus sheljuzhkoi, the Fourspine leaffish, is a species of Asian leaffish native to Ivory Coast.	Afronandus sheljuzhkoi	species
taxon rank	Stathmostelma is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1893.	Stathmostelma	genus
taxon rank	Hadogenes troglodytes is a species of scorpion from southern Africa.	Hadogenes troglodytes	species
taxon rank	Buddleja montana is a species endemic to the rocky hillsides of the cordilleras of Peru at altitudes of 2,700 -- 4,000 m, extending into Bolivia; it was named and described by Britton in 1898.	Buddleja montana	species
taxon rank	Nephrurus amyae, commonly known as the rough knob-tailed gecko, is a species of gecko.	Nephrurus amyae	species
taxon rank	Salix taraikensis is a species of willow native to Hokkaidō (Japan) and Sakhalin (Russia).	Salix taraikensis	species
taxon rank	Talegalla is a genus of bird in the Megapodiidae family.	Talegalla	genus
taxon rank	Teleocichla cinderella is a species of cichlid endemic to Brazil where it is found in the lower Tocantins River basin.	Teleocichla cinderella	species
taxon rank	Myrmecia croslandi is a species of bull ant which is native to Australia.	Myrmecia croslandi	species
taxon rank	Prionosciadium nelsonii is a plant species known from the Mexican states of Chiapas and Morelos.	Prionosciadium nelsonii	species
taxon rank	Glutinoglossum exiguum is a species of earth tongue fungus that was described as new to science in 2015.	Glutinoglossum exiguum	species
taxon rank	Asperula orientalis (known as Annual Woodruff or Oriental Woodruff) is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Asperula orientalis	species
taxon rank	Pristimantis educatoris is a species of frog found in Costa Rica, Panama, and Colombia.	Pristimantis educatoris	species
taxon rank	Bolbitis heteroclita is an aquatic fern species of Bolbitis, native to the Indochina region of tropical Southeast Asia.	Bolbitis heteroclita	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes parvulus (common names: Karin bubble-nest frog, tiny bubble-nest frog, dwarf bushfrog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes parvulus	species
taxon rank	Barbus amanpoae is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Amanpoa River and the Uele River.	Barbus amanpoae	species
taxon rank	Geranium multiflorum is a rare species of geranium known by the common names manyflower geranium, or manyflowered cranesbill.	Geranium multiflorum	species
taxon rank	The Archbold's owlet-nightjar (Aegotheles archboldi) is a species of bird in the Aegothelidae family.	Archbold's owlet-nightjar	species
taxon rank	Minolia ceraunia is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.	Minolia ceraunia	species
taxon rank	Oxythemis phoenicosceles, the Pepperpants, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Oxythemis phoenicosceles	species
taxon rank	Trichoparmenonta hoegei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichoparmenonta.	Trichoparmenonta hoegei	species
taxon rank	Erieopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid found in Silurian to Devonian-aged marine strata of Europe and North America.	Erieopterus	genus
taxon rank	Although up to eight species have formerly been recognised in the genus Eoleptestheria, they are more usually all considered part of one species with a cosmopolitan distribution.	Eoleptestheria	genus
taxon rank	Bryopteris gaudichaudii is a species of liverwort in the Lejeuneaceae family.	Bryopteris gaudichaudii	species
taxon rank	Nesopupa plicifera is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae.	Nesopupa plicifera	species
taxon rank	Nematocharax venustus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Jequitinhonha River basin.	Nematocharax venustus	species
taxon rank	Leptopodomorpha is an infraorder of insects in the order Hemiptera (true bugs).	Leptopodomorpha	infraorder
taxon rank	Pupfish are a group of small killifish belonging to ten genera of the family Cyprinodontidae of ray-finned fish.	Pupfish	family
taxon rank	Osmoxylon is a genus of flowering plant of family Araliaceae, comprising 60 species.	Osmoxylon	genus
taxon rank	Atelecyclus undecimdentatus is a species of crab in the family Atelecyclidae.	Atelecyclus undecimdentatus	species
taxon rank	Spermacoce brachysepala, the West Indian false buttonweed, is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Spermacoce brachysepala	species
taxon rank	Mauritiella is a dioecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in South America where it is commonly called buriti.	Mauritiella	genus
taxon rank	Plantago erecta is a host species for the Edith's Checkerspot butterfly.	Plantago erecta	species
taxon rank	Luronium natans is a species of aquatic plant commonly known as the floating water-plantain.	Luronium	species
taxon rank	Thalassodromidae (meaning ``sea runners'') is a family of pterodactyloid pterosaurs from the early Cretaceous period of Brazil.	Thalassodromidae	family
taxon rank	Leptosiphon nuttallii is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Nuttall's linanthus.	Leptosiphon nuttallii	species
taxon rank	Allium victorialis, commonly known as victory onion, Alpine leek, is a broad-leaved Eurasian species of wild onion.	Allium victorialis	species
taxon rank	Cottinella boulengeri, the short-headed sculpin, is a species of freshwater fish, a deepwater sculpin endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.	Cottinella boulengeri	species
taxon rank	Cytisus striatus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names hairy-fruited broom, Portuguese broom, French broom and Spanish broom.	Cytisus striatus	species
taxon rank	Christophia climacopterae is a species of snout moth in the genus Christophia.	Christophia climacopterae	species
taxon rank	Apluda is a genus of plants in the grass family native to Asia and to various islands in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Apluda	genus
taxon rank	Gongxianosaurus is a genus of basal sauropod dinosaur from the early Jurassic Period (Toarcian stage).	Gongxianosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cryptoclididae is a family of medium-sized plesiosaurs that existed from the middle Jurassic to the early Cretaceous period.	Cryptoclididae	family
taxon rank	Cryptogramma crispa, the parsley fern, is an Arctic--alpine species of fern.	Cryptogramma crispa	species
taxon rank	The genus contains a single described species, Archiponera wheeleri known from several Late Eocene fossils which were found in North America.	Archiponera	species
taxon rank	Dactyloscopus pectoralis, the Whitesaddle stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Baja California, Mexico and the Gulf of Mexico.	Dactyloscopus pectoralis	species
taxon rank	Brachyglottis huntii, commonly called rautini or Chatham Island Christmas tree, is a species in the Asteraceae family and is found only on the Chatham Islands in New Zealand.	Brachyglottis huntii	species
taxon rank	Clarkia speciosa is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name redspot clarkia.	Clarkia speciosa	species
taxon rank	Lipophrys trigloides is a species of combtooth blenny.	Lipophrys trigloides	species
taxon rank	Conus byssinus, common name the lesser butterfly cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus byssinus	species
taxon rank	Platanthera tescamnis, the intermountain bog orchid, is a species of orchid described in 2006.	Platanthera tescamnis	species
taxon rank	Phyllostachys aurea is a bamboo species of the 'running bamboo' type, belonging to the diverse Bambuseae tribe.	Phyllostachys aurea	species
taxon rank	Tagiades japetus, commonly known as the Pied Flat or the Common Snow Flat, is a species of spread-winged skipper butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.	Tagiades japetus	species
taxon rank	Cynodesmus is an extinct genus of omnivorous canine which inhabited North America during the Oligocene living from 33.3---26.3 Ma and existed for approximately 7 million years.	Cynodesmus	genus
taxon rank	Acritopappus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus in 1972.	Acritopappus	genus
taxon rank	Lycopus uniflorus is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name northern bugleweed.	Lycopus uniflorus	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia racemosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names kiponapona and racemed phyllostegia.	Phyllostegia racemosa	species
taxon rank	Eulepetopsis vitrea is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neolepetopsidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Eulepetopsis vitrea	species
taxon rank	Clanculus philippii, common name Philippi's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Clanculus philippii	species
taxon rank	Potamogeton clystocarpus is a rare species of flowering plant in the pondweed family known by the common name Little Aguja pondweed.	Potamogeton clystocarpus	species
taxon rank	Allium hirtovaginatum is a species of wild onion native to the Mediterranean region, from Morocco and the Balearic Islands to Turkey.	Allium hirtovaginatum	species
taxon rank	Apotomops spomotopa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family that is endemic to Peru.	Apotomops spomotopa	species
taxon rank	Guibourtia coleosperma, aka African rosewood (ambiguous), large false mopane, Rhodesian copalwood, and machibi, is a species of Guibourtia in the family Fabaceae.	Guibourtia coleosperma	species
taxon rank	Turbo fluctuosus, common name the wavy turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo fluctuosus	species
taxon rank	The Mindoro racket-tail (Prioniturus mindorensis) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculinae family.	Mindoro racket-tail	species
taxon rank	Kobyashiceras is an extinct genus in the cephalopod order Actinocerida, from Lower Devonian marine sediments in Japan.	Kobyashiceras	genus
taxon rank	It consists of a single species, namely Streptolirion volubile.	Streptolirion	species
taxon rank	Artedius is a genus of sculpins native to the Pacific Ocean.	Artedius	genus
taxon rank	Desmoxytes rhinoceros is an aposematic species of dragon millipede in the genus Desmoxytes.	Desmoxytes rhinoceros	species
taxon rank	Aconitum lamarckii is a herbaceous plant species of the genus Aconitum in the family Ranunculaceae.	Aconitum lamarckii	species
taxon rank	Pelargonium × fragrans, like its parent Pelargonium odoratissimum, is a small, spreading species which only grows up to 30 cm high and 60 cm wide.	Pelargonium × fragrans	species
taxon rank	Gilbertolus is a genus of dogtooth characins from northwestern South America, where restricted to the Atrato, Magdalena and Maracaibo basins.	Gilbertolus	genus
taxon rank	Anthicus is a genus of ant-like flower beetles.	Anthicus	genus
taxon rank	Gonimbrasia belina is a species of moth found in much of Southern Africa, whose large edible caterpillar, the mopani or mopane worm, is an important source of protein for millions of indigenous Southern Africans.	Gonimbrasia belina	species
taxon rank	Discodorididae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs, specifically dorid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Doridoidea.	Discodorididae	family
taxon rank	Calguia defiguralis is a species of snout moth in the genus Calguia.	Calguia defiguralis	species
taxon rank	Heylerosauridae is a family of mastodonsauroid temnospondyls.	Heylerosauridae	family
taxon rank	Ctenacodon is a genus of extinct mammal that lived in what is now North America during the Upper Jurassic period.	Ctenacodon	genus
taxon rank	Anisomeles indica, with common name catmint, is a species of herbaceous plant native to eastern Asia and naturalized on some Pacific islands.	Anisomeles indica	species
taxon rank	Aldisa andersoni is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.	Aldisa andersoni	species
taxon rank	Saurida filamentosa, the Threadfin saury, is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Western Pacific.	Saurida filamentosa	species
taxon rank	Tubastraea, also known as sun coral or sun polyps, is a genus of coral in the phylum Cnidaria.	Tubastraea	genus
taxon rank	Exerodonta smaragdina (commonly known as the emerald tree frog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Exerodonta smaragdina	species
taxon rank	Ligustrum pricei is a species of Ligustrum, native to China (Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Shaanxi, Sichuan) and Taiwan, where it occurs at 900--1700 m altitude.	Ligustrum pricei	species
taxon rank	Satyrium buchananii is a species of ground orchid occurring from Tanzania to Southern tropical Africa.	Satyrium buchananii	species
taxon rank	Falsodihammus strandiellus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsodihammus.	Falsodihammus strandiellus	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia griffithii, the Griffith's spurge, is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family Euphorbiaceae, native to Bhutan, Tibet and south west China.	Euphorbia griffithii	species
taxon rank	Omphalepia dujardini is a species of snout moth in the genus Omphalepia.	Omphalepia dujardini	species
taxon rank	Synalpheus carpenteri is a species of sponge-dwelling snapping shrimp described in 2006 from specimens collected from the Belizean Barrier Reef of the Exuma Islands, Bahamas, and the Atlantic coast of Panama.	Synalpheus carpenteri	species
taxon rank	Aulonocara jacobfreibergi, the eureka red peacock, is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family.	Aulonocara jacobfreibergi	species
taxon rank	Parauna zikani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parauna.	Parauna zikani	species
taxon rank	Trinchesia alpha is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tergipedidae.	Trinchesia alpha	species
taxon rank	Anchomenus virescens is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Ukraine and southern part of Russia.	Anchomenus virescens	species
taxon rank	Sporobolus flexuosus is a species of grass known by the common name mesa dropseed.	Sporobolus flexuosus	species
taxon rank	Silene caucasica is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae.	Silene caucasica	species
taxon rank	Gemina is a genus of green alga.	Gemina	genus
taxon rank	Scrophularia lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name lanceleaf figwort.	Scrophularia lanceolata	species
taxon rank	Colchicum davisii is a large-flowering species native to Turkey.	Colchicum davisii	species
taxon rank	Gentianaceae is a family of flowering plants of 87 genera and about 1600 species.	Gentianaceae	family
taxon rank	Microvelia is a genus of aquatic bug in the family Veliidae.	Microvelia	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Mosquitoxylum jamaicense, which grows naturally from southern Mexico to Ecuador and also in Jamaica.	Mosquitoxylum	species
taxon rank	Species The only known species is Lamarckia aurea, the golden dog's-tail or goldentop grass It is an annual plant, typically 30-45 centimetres in height, with clusters of golden flowers in a panicle 5--8 cm long and 2-2.5 cm broad.	Lamarckia	species
taxon rank	†Partula vittata was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula vittata	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus schmidti is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Hispaniola, and found in both the Dominican Republic and Haiti.	Eleutherodactylus schmidti	species
taxon rank	Luria controversa, the 'Controversial Isabella', is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Luria controversa	species
taxon rank	Baenoidea is a superfamily of extinct terrestrial and marine cryptordian turtles.	Baenoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Beetles of the genus Helichus are found worldwide apart from in Australia and Antarctica.	Helichus	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Grucia monacheicauda, which is found in Mexico.	Grucia	species
taxon rank	Alcides is a genus of uraniid moths from northern Australia, New Guinea, and other islands in the region.	Alcides	genus
taxon rank	Agyneta simplicitarsis is a species of sheet weaver found in Europe, Kazakhstan and Russia.	Agyneta simplicitarsis	species
taxon rank	Leptodynerus is a palearctic genus of potter wasps.	Leptodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Lanceola is a genus of green algae, in the family Characiaceae.	Lanceola	genus
taxon rank	Suaeda vera, the alkali seepweed or shrubby sea-blite, is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family.	Suaeda vera	species
taxon rank	Acriopsis emarginata is a species of orchid endemic to Queensland.	Acriopsis emarginata	species
taxon rank	Penstemon franklinii (Franklin's penstemon) is a plant species endemic to Utah, known only from Cedar Valley in Iron County.	Penstemon franklinii	species
taxon rank	Cayratia geniculata is a species of plant native to Asia.	Cayratia geniculata	species
taxon rank	Paragoniates alburnus is a species of characin found in the Amazon River basin in Brazil, Peru, and Venezuela.	Paragoniates alburnus	species
taxon rank	Abelisaurus (/əˌbɛlᵻˈsɔːrəs/; ``Abel's lizard'') is a genus of predatory abelisaurid theropod dinosaur during the Late Cretaceous Period (Campanian) of what is now South America.	Abelisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Gnaphosa badia is a ground spider species found from Europe to Azerbaijan.	Gnaphosa badia	species
taxon rank	Pristobrycon striolatus is a species of serrasalmid.	Pristobrycon striolatus	species
taxon rank	Solanum furcatum is a species of nightshade known by the common name forked nightshade.	Solanum furcatum	species
taxon rank	Conus janus, common name the janus cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus janus	species
taxon rank	Nitocrella is a genus of copepod.	Nitocrella	genus
taxon rank	Cyclocarya is a genus of flowering plants in the family Juglandaceae, comprising a single species Cyclocarya paliurus (qing qian liu or wheel wingnut), formerly treated in the genus Pterocarya as Pterocarya paliurus.	Cyclocarya	species
taxon rank	Avimimus (/ˌeɪvɨˈmaɪməs/ AY-vi-MY-məs), meaning ``bird mimic'' (Latin avis = bird + mimus = mimic), was a genus of bird-like maniraptoran dinosaur that lived in the late Cretaceous in what is now Mongolia, around 70 million years ago.	Avimimus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudelephantopus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1792.	Pseudelephantopus	genus
taxon rank	Cardiocrinum giganteum, the giant Himalayan lily, is the largest species of any of the lily plants, growing up to 3.5 metres high.	Cardiocrinum giganteum	species
taxon rank	Hymenaea martiana is a tree species in the genus Hymenaea found in Brazil (Alagoas, Bahia, Ceara, Goias, Mato Grosso, Minas Gerais, Pernambuco) and Paraguay.	Hymenaea martiana	species
taxon rank	Jiangxichelys is an extinct genus of nanhsiungchelyid turtle which existed in Ganzhou, Jiangxi Province, China during the latest Cretaceous epoch.	Jiangxichelys	genus
taxon rank	Eustenancistrocerus is an afrotropical, palearctic and oriental genus of potter wasps.	Eustenancistrocerus	genus
taxon rank	Silene schafta, the Caucasian campion or autumn catchfly, is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae, native to western Asia.	Silene schafta	species
taxon rank	The Ichneumonidae are a parasitoid wasp family within the order Hymenoptera.	Ichneumonidae	family
taxon rank	Solitas gruveli, the Guinea Flathead, is a species of flathead native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean along the African coast.	Solitas gruveli	species
taxon rank	Whalleyana (Viette, 1977) is an enigmatic genus of moths in the Lepidopteran group Obtectomera, endemic to Madagascar.	Whalleyana	genus
taxon rank	Psenopsis is a genus of medusafishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Psenopsis	genus
taxon rank	Aegista subchinensis (台灣大臍蝸牛; ``Taiwan's umbilical snail'') is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bradybaenidae.	Aegista subchinensis	species
taxon rank	Pachycereus schottii, the senita cactus, is a species of cactus from southern Arizona and north-western Mexico, particularly Baja California and Sonora.	Pachycereus schottii	species
taxon rank	Crataegus chrysocarpa is a species of hawthorn that is native to much of the continental United States and Canada.	Crataegus chrysocarpa	species
taxon rank	Angustopila dominikae is a species of land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hypselostomatidae.	Angustopila dominikae	species
taxon rank	The genus Pulsatilla contains about 33 species of herbaceous perennials native to meadows and prairies of North America, Europe, and Asia.	Pulsatilla	genus
taxon rank	The Arctic lemming (Dicrostonyx torquatus) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.	Arctic lemming	species
taxon rank	Rubus phoenicolasius (Japanese Wineberry, wine raspberry, or wineberry) is an Asian species of raspberry (Rubus subgenus Idaeobatus) in the rose family.	Rubus phoenicolasius	species
taxon rank	Phyllobius arborator is a species of broad-nosed weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae, subfamily Entiminae.	Phyllobius arborator	species
taxon rank	Cantharidella balteata, common name the tessellated top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Cantharidella balteata	species
taxon rank	Nebria ambigua is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Tajikistan.	Nebria ambigua	species
taxon rank	Mimagoniates lateralis is a species of tetra in the genus Mimagoniates.	Mimagoniates lateralis	species
taxon rank	The Emmelia trabealis, sometimes known as the Spotted Sulphur, is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.	Emmelia trabealis	species
taxon rank	Pseudostrangalia cruentata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Pseudostrangalia.	Pseudostrangalia	genus
taxon rank	Oeceoclades ambongensis is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to Madagascar.	Oeceoclades ambongensis	species
taxon rank	Vampyroteuthidae is a family of vampyromorph cephalopods comprising the extant vampire squid, Vampyroteuthis infernalis, and the extinct Vampyronassa rhodanica from the Middle Jurassic.	Vampyroteuthidae	family
taxon rank	Hypolepis ambigua, (commonly known as pigfern) is a species of fern that grows in New Zealand.	Hypolepis ambigua	species
taxon rank	Labidochromis freibergi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around Likoma Island in areas with rocky substrates.	Labidochromis freibergi	species
taxon rank	Dysphania militaris is a species of moth of the Geometridae family that is found from in the tropical regions of South and Southeast Asia.	Dysphania militaris	species
taxon rank	Cyclochila australasiae, commonly known as the green grocer, is a species of cicada and one of Australia's most familiar insects.	Cyclochila australasiae	species
taxon rank	The Meyer's friarbird (Philemon meyeri) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Meyer's friarbird	species
taxon rank	Tosena fasciata is a cicada species from Southeast Asia that has been recorded from Sumatra, Java, Borneo and Ambon Island	Tosena fasciata	species
taxon rank	†Partula protracta was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula protracta	species
taxon rank	Fomitiporia mediterranea is a fungus species in the genus Fomitiporia associated with esca of grapevine.	Fomitiporia mediterranea	species
taxon rank	Brotulotaenia brevicauda is a benthopelagic marine fish species in the family Ophidiidae.	Brotulotaenia brevicauda	species
taxon rank	Allium haemanthoides is a plant species native to Iraq and Iran.	Allium haemanthoides	species
taxon rank	Parvulastra exigua, or the dwarf cushion star is a species of sea star.	Parvulastra exigua	species
taxon rank	The Mindo robber frog or hornless groundfrog, Strabomantis necerus, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Strabomantis necerus	species
taxon rank	Procerodidae is a family of marine triclads.	Procerodidae	family
taxon rank	Pereskiopsis spathulata is the species of Pereskiopsis that is most commonly used when performing cactus seedling grafts.	Pereskiopsis spathulata	species
taxon rank	Agaricus inapertus is a species of secotioid fungus in the genus Agaricus.	Agaricus inapertus	species
taxon rank	Hypaurotis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.	Hypaurotis	genus
taxon rank	Magnolia liliifera was classified as having several varieties however these have now been generally accepted as species by several botanists including Hans Peter Nooteboom and Richard B. Figlar according to data compiled by Rafaël Govaerts, a researcher for the WCSP at Kew Gardens.	Magnolia liliifera	species
taxon rank	Alisma canaliculatum is a species of plants in the Alismataceae.	Alisma canaliculatum	species
taxon rank	Palpada suprarufa is a species of flower fly first found in Ecuador.	Palpada suprarufa	species
taxon rank	Ctenochromis pectoralis, the Pangani Haplo (short for ``haplochromine''), is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family.	Ctenochromis pectoralis	species
taxon rank	Manglietia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Magnoliaceae.	Manglietia	genus
taxon rank	Fuscoporia torulosa is a species of bracket fungus in the Fuscoporia genus, family Hymenochaetaceae.	Fuscoporia torulosa	species
taxon rank	Beckianum beckianum is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.	Beckianum beckianum	species
taxon rank	Pyrene flava, common name : the yellow dove shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Pyrene flava	species
taxon rank	The Garden Grass-veneer (Chrysoteuchia culmella) is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.	Chrysoteuchia culmella	species
taxon rank	Pentadiplandra brazzeana is the sole species in the plant genus Pentadiplandra, which is placed alone in family Pentadiplandraceae.	Pentadiplandra	species
taxon rank	Neochmia is a genus of estrildid finches found in Australasia.	Neochmia	genus
taxon rank	Solidago ptarmicoides, the prairie goldenrod, white flat-top goldenrod or upland white aster a North American species of goldenrod in the sunflower family.	Solidago ptarmicoides	species
taxon rank	Conus monachus, common name the monastic cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus monachus	species
taxon rank	Almutaster is a North American genus of plants in the aster fammily containing the single species Almutaster pauciflorus (formerly Aster pauciflorus), which is known by the common name alkali marsh aster.	Almutaster	genus
taxon rank	Tabanus spodopterus also known as the black horned giant horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly.	Tabanus spodopterus	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus edentulus (Celebes flying frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Rhacophorus edentulus	species
taxon rank	Oxydactyla is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea.	Oxydactyla	genus
taxon rank	Anaphalis triplinervis is am Asian species of flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the sunflower fammily, native to the Himalayas (Tibet, Afghanistan, northern India, Nepal, Bhutan).	Anaphalis triplinervis	species
taxon rank	Pseudocalliurichthys brevianalis, the Small ruddertail dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the coastal waters of Indonesia where it can be found at depths of from 0 to 6 metres (0 to 20 ft).	Pseudocalliurichthys brevianalis	species
taxon rank	Hydrangea arborescens, commonly known as smooth hydrangea, wild hydrangea, or sevenbark, is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae.	Hydrangea arborescens	species
taxon rank	Goodyera yunnanensis is a species of orchid endemic to southern China.	Goodyera yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Thyasira trisinuata, common name the ``Atlantic cleft clam'', is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Thyasiridae.	Thyasira trisinuata	species
taxon rank	Genicanthus caudovittatus, common names Zebra angelfish, Swallowtail angelfish, and Lyretail angelfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacanthidae.	Genicanthus caudovittatus	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces incanus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil of a hay meadow from the Cockle Park Experimental Farm in Northumberland in the United Kingdom.	Streptomyces incanus	species
taxon rank	Schistosoma nasale is a species of digenetic trematode in the family Schistosomatidae.	Schistosoma nasale	species
taxon rank	Nebria pazi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Bejar and Gredos mountains of Spain.	Nebria pazi	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Antigambra amphitrocta, which is found in Zimbabwe and South Africa.	Antigambra	species
taxon rank	Trichoxycentrus rugiceps is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Trichoxycentrus.	Trichoxycentrus	species
taxon rank	Lestobradys is an extinct genus of mylodontidae which existed in Uruguay during the late Miocene period.	Lestobradys	genus
taxon rank	Conus barthelemyi, common name the Barthelemy's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus barthelemyi	species
taxon rank	The Timor leaf warbler (Phylloscopus presbytes) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.	Timor leaf warbler	species
taxon rank	The Persian jird (Meriones persicus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, Turkey, and Turkmenistan.	Persian jird	species
taxon rank	Bactrosaurus (/ˌbæktroʊˈsɔːrəs/; meaning ``Club lizard,'' ``baktron'' = club + sauros = lizard) is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur that lived in east China during the late Cretaceous, about 70 mya.	Bactrosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Gnathia pilosus is the eighth gnathiid species to be described from South Africa.	Gnathia pilosus	species
taxon rank	Lonchoptera bifurcata is a species of spear-winged or pointed-winged fly in the family Lonchopteridae.	Lonchoptera bifurcata	species
taxon rank	Canistrum stabile is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae.	Canistrum stabile	species
taxon rank	The Trans-Pecos striped whiptail (Cnemidophorus inornatus heptagrammus) is a subspecies of the little striped whiptail (Cnemidophorus inornatus) lizard.	Trans-Pecos striped whiptail	subspecies
taxon rank	Philovenator (literally meaning ``love hunter'') is an extinct genus of troodontid paravian dinosaurs from the Wulansuhai Formation (dated to the Campanian age, sometime between 75 and 71 million years ago) of Inner Mongolia, China.	Philovenator	genus
taxon rank	Clermontia pyrularia is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Hamakua clermontia and pear clermontia.	Clermontia pyrularia	species
taxon rank	Atopomesus pachyodus is a species of characin endemic to the Rio Negro basin in Brazil.	Atopomesus pachyodus	species
taxon rank	Harrya atriceps is a rare species of bolete fungus.	Harrya atriceps	species
taxon rank	Diastylis bidentata is a common benthic crustacean species.	Diastylis bidentata	species
taxon rank	Ambrosia chamissonis is a species of ragweed known by the common names silver burr ragweed, silver beachweed and (silver) beach bur(r).	Ambrosia chamissonis	species
taxon rank	Stangerochampsa is an extinct genus of globidontan alligatoroid, possibly an alligatorine, from the Late Cretaceous of Alberta.	Stangerochampsa	genus
taxon rank	Cyanotis cristata is a species of perennial plants in the family Commelinaceae.	Cyanotis cristata	species
taxon rank	Lesmesodon is an extinct genus of hyaenodontid creodont that lived during the Eocene.	Lesmesodon	genus
taxon rank	Limaysaurus includes a single type species, Limaysaurus tessonei, which was originally referred to the genus Rebbachisaurus as Rebbachisaurus tessonei by Jorge Calvo and Leonardo Salgado in 1995.	Limaysaurus	genus
taxon rank	Peucedanum kerstenii member of the Apiaceae or carrot family and species of the genus Peucedanum makes its home among the giant groundsels (Dendrosenecio) atop of the mountains of Eastern Africa:	Peucedanum kerstenii	species
taxon rank	Encelia virginensis is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Virgin River brittlebush.	Encelia virginensis	species
taxon rank	The Bassleroceratidae is a family of gradually expanding, smooth ellesmerocerids with a slight to moderate exogastric curvature, subcircular to strongly compressed cross section, and ventral orthochaonitc siphuncle.	Bassleroceratidae	family
taxon rank	Penstemon incertus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Mojave beardtongue.	Penstemon incertus	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys destructor, also known as Tschudi's colilargo or the destructive pygmy rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys destructor	species
taxon rank	Malayepipona is a monotypical Indomalayan genus of potter wasps.	Malayepipona	genus
taxon rank	Powelliphanta fiordlandica, one of the amber snails, is a species of large, carnivorous land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Powelliphanta fiordlandica	species
taxon rank	Heminodus philippinus is a species of armored searobin native to the western Pacific Ocean, where it occurs at depths from 200 to 500 m (660 to 1,640 ft).	Heminodus philippinus	species
taxon rank	Coccomyces dentatus is a species of fungus in the family Rhytismataceae.	Coccomyces dentatus	species
taxon rank	Polyodontes maxillosus is a species of polychaete worms in the family Acoetidae.	Polyodontes maxillosus	species
taxon rank	Eryma mandelslohi is a species of decapod crustacean that lived in Europe in the Jurassic.	Eryma mandelslohi	species
taxon rank	The Moluccan hanging parrot (Loriculus amabilis) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.	Moluccan hanging parrot	species
taxon rank	Sulfobacillus thermotolerans is a species of thermotolerant, chemolithotrophic, Gram-positive, aerobic, endospore-forming, acidophilic bacterium with type strain Kr1T (=VKM B-2339T =DSM 17362T).	Sulfobacillus thermotolerans	species
taxon rank	Layia pentachaeta is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Sierra tidytips, or Sierra layia.	Layia pentachaeta	species
taxon rank	Labrisomus filamentosus, the Quillfin blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Caribbean Sea where they can be found on reefs with substantial algal growth.	Labrisomus filamentosus	species
taxon rank	Lasiancistrus schomburgkii is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana and Peru.	Lasiancistrus schomburgkii	species
taxon rank	Xyletobius speiseri is a species of beetles in the genus Xyletobius of the family Anobiidae.	Xyletobius speiseri	species
taxon rank	Vesperus creticus is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that is endemic to Greece.	Vesperus creticus	species
taxon rank	Heliocopris (large dung beetles) is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.	Heliocopris	genus
taxon rank	Paroplocephalus atriceps, the Lake Cronin Snake is a species of snake in the Elapidae family.	Paroplocephalus	species
taxon rank	Etoushanocertidae is an extinct family of ceratitid ammonite cephalopods that were restricted to marine strata in Late Permian China.	Etoushanocertidae	family
taxon rank	The Scolecomorphidae are the family of tropical caecilians (Frost) or African caecilians (ITIS).	Scolecomorphidae	family
taxon rank	Hieracium bolanderi or Bolander's hawkweed is a North American plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Hieracium bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Cynarctoides lemur is an extinct species of Cynarctoides, belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini, a canid endemic to various parts of central North America from the Late Oligocene to Miocene epoch (Harrisonian stage) living 24.8--20.6 mya and existed for approximately 4.2 million years.	Cynarctoides lemur	species
taxon rank	Exochorda racemosa, pearlbush or common pearlbush, is a species of plant in the rose family.	Exochorda racemosa	species
taxon rank	Nepenthes rowaniae (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈroʊ.əniː/; after Ellis Rowan, Australian naturalist and illustrator) is a species of pitcher plant endemic to the Cape York Peninsula, Australia.	Nepenthes rowaniae	species
taxon rank	Austropotamobius pallipes is an endangered European freshwater crayfish, and the only species of crayfish native to the British Isles.	Austropotamobius pallipes	species
taxon rank	Pogostemon formosanus is a plant species in Lamiaceae, first described in 1896.	Pogostemon formosanus	species
taxon rank	Atelopus famelicus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia.	Atelopus famelicus	species
taxon rank	Ivara is a small genus of sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks.	Ivara	genus
taxon rank	Micrurus nigrocinctus babaspul, or the Babaspul, is a subspecies of Micrurus nigrocinctus, more commonly known as the Central American Coral Snake.	Micrurus nigrocinctus babaspul	subspecies
taxon rank	Cucurbita radicans, commonly known in Mexico as Calabacilla (little pumpkin/gourd) or Calabaza de Coyote (coyote gourd), is a species of gourd found growing wild, but also cultivated, in southern Mexico (specifically in the Federal Districts of Jalisco, Mexico and Michoacán).	Cucurbita radicans	species
taxon rank	Collybia cookei is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and one of three species in the genus Collybia.	Collybia cookei	species
taxon rank	Dentocorticium irregulare is a species of crust fungus in the family Polyporaceae.	Dentocorticium irregulare	species
taxon rank	Schoenicola is a genus of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.	Schoenicola	genus
taxon rank	Juncus orthophyllus is a species of rush known by the common name straightleaf rush.	Juncus orthophyllus	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum nidularium is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name birdnest buckwheat.	Eriogonum nidularium	species
taxon rank	Gomphotherium (/ˌɡɒmfəˈθɪəriəm/; ``Welded Beast'') is an extinct genus of proboscid that evolved in the Early Miocene of North America and lived for about 10 million years from 13.650--3.6 Ma.	Gomphotherium	genus
taxon rank	Heterobranchus is a genus of airbreathing catfishes native to Africa.	Heterobranchus	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron compositus is an Arctic and alpine species of fleabane in the daisy family.	Erigeron compositus	species
taxon rank	Mann's worm snake (Typhlops manni) is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Typhlops manni	species
taxon rank	Auricularia auricula-judae, known as the Jew's ear, wood ear, jelly ear or by a number of other common names, is a species of edible Auriculariales fungus found worldwide.	Auricularia auricula-judae	species
taxon rank	Diversibipalium multilineatum is a species of large predatory land flatworm.	Diversibipalium multilineatum	species
taxon rank	Allopeas gracile, common name the graceful awlsnail, is a species of small, tropical, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.	Allopeas gracile	species
taxon rank	Ammocrypta is a genus of perches, commonly known as the sand darters, native to Canada and the continental United States.	Ammocrypta	genus
taxon rank	Amphiesma is a genus of colubrid snakes, commonly known as keelbacks because of their keeled dorsal scales.	Amphiesma	genus
taxon rank	Ctenosaura praeocularis, commonly known as the Southern Honduran Spiny-tailed Iguana, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Ctenosaura praeocularis	species
taxon rank	Astranthium ciliatum, or Comanche western-daisy, is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Astranthium ciliatum	species
taxon rank	Simarouba glauca is a species of flowering tree that is native to Florida in the United States, southern Florida, South America, and the Lesser Antilles.	Simarouba glauca	species
taxon rank	Houstonia rubra, the red bluet, is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Houstonia rubra	species
taxon rank	The Sri Lankan leopard (Panthera pardus kotiya) is a leopard subspecies native to Sri Lanka.	Sri Lankan leopard	subspecies
taxon rank	Dosinia concentrica, common name the ``West Indian dosinia'', is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.	Dosinia concentrica	species
taxon rank	The Buller's shearwater (Ardenna bulleri) is a Pacific species of seabird in the family Procellariidae; it is also known as the grey-backed shearwater or New Zealand shearwater.	Buller's shearwater	species
taxon rank	Allium insubricum is a plant species endemic to the Lombardy region in northern Italy.	Allium insubricum	species
taxon rank	Aldrovandia is a genus of fish in the family Halosauridae.	Aldrovandia	genus
taxon rank	Blochius is a genus of prehistoric fish from the Eocene.	Blochius	genus
taxon rank	Pseudodyscrasis steyskali is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pseudodyscrasis of the family Tephritidae.	Pseudodyscrasis steyskali	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops telloi, or Tello's thread snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops telloi	species
taxon rank	Panicum repens is a species of grass known by many common names, including torpedograss, creeping panic, panic rampant, couch panicum, wainaku grass, quack grass, dog-tooth grass, and bullet grass.	Panicum repens	species
taxon rank	The Taphrinomycetes are a class of ascomycete fungi belonging to the subdivision Taphrinomycotina.	Taphrinomycetes	class
taxon rank	Ageratina sodiroi is a species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Ageratina sodiroi	species
taxon rank	Caledoniscincus is a genus of skinks (a type of lizard).	Caledoniscincus	genus
taxon rank	Baylisascaris is a genus of roundworms that infect more than fifty animal species.	Baylisascaris	genus
taxon rank	Miscanthus, silvergrass, is a genus of African, Eurasian, and Pacific Island plants in the grass family.	Miscanthus	genus
taxon rank	Rhabdolichops is a genus of glass knifefishes found in tropical South America.	Rhabdolichops	genus
taxon rank	Ophidion josephi is a fish species in the family Ophidiidae.	Ophidion josephi	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis reticulata is a species of praying mantis that derives from Sarawak.	Amorphoscelis reticulata	species
taxon rank	Docodonta is an order of extinct mammaliaforms that lived during the mid- to late-Mesozoic era.	Docodonta	order
taxon rank	Penicillium kongii is a terverticillate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from plant leaves in China.	Penicillium kongii	species
taxon rank	Caconemobius varius is a species of cricket known by the common name Kaumana cave cricket.	Caconemobius varius	species
taxon rank	Farlowella henriquei is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Araguaia River basin.	Farlowella henriquei	species
taxon rank	Diodora rueppellii, common name the Rüppell's keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Diodora rueppellii	species
taxon rank	Dizoniopsis coppolae is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from European waters, including the Greek Exclusive Economic Zone, Portuguese Exclusive Economic Zone, South West Coast of Apulia, and the Spanish Exclusive Economic Zone.	Dizoniopsis coppolae	species
taxon rank	Ariocarpus bravoanus is a species of cactus which is endemic to San Luis Potosí in Mexico.	Ariocarpus bravoanus	species
taxon rank	Nepenthes danseri (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈdænsəraɪ/; after B. H. Danser, botanist) is a species of tropical pitcher plant.	Nepenthes danseri	species
taxon rank	Abies fabri (Faber's fir) is a conifer species in the family Pinaceae.	Abies fabri	species
taxon rank	Buttonquail or hemipodes are members of a small family of birds, Turnicidae, which resemble, but are unrelated to, the quails of Phasianidae.	Buttonquail	family
taxon rank	Petrotilapia chrysos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from around the southern islands of Chinyankwazi and Chinyamwezi.	Petrotilapia chrysos	species
taxon rank	Pseudalidus fulvofasciculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudalidus.	Pseudalidus fulvofasciculatus	species
taxon rank	The Yemen linnet (Linaria yemenensis) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Yemen linnet	species
taxon rank	Behemotops (from the Biblical monster Behemoth, by Linnaeus and others believed to be a hippo) is an extinct genus of herbivorous marine mammal.	Behemotops	genus
taxon rank	Ichthyborus is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in tropical Africa, with these currently described species:	Ichthyborus	genus
taxon rank	The Wrangel Island lemming (Lemmus portenkoi) is a species of lemming endemic to Wrangel Island in Russia.	Wrangel Island lemming	species
taxon rank	Cheirolepidiaceae is a family of extinct coniferous plants.	Cheirolepidiaceae	family
taxon rank	Lauriidae is a family of land snails.	Lauriidae	family
taxon rank	Taiwanajinga albofasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Taiwanajinga.	Taiwanajinga albofasciata	species
taxon rank	Odostemon quinquefolius is a shrub in the Berberidaceae family described as a species in 1918.	Odostemon quinquefolius	species
taxon rank	The Firmicutes (Latin: firmus, strong, and cutis, skin, referring to the cell wall) are a phylum of bacteria, most of which have Gram-positive cell wall structure.	Firmicutes	phylum
taxon rank	Cotinis fuscopicea is a species of Cotinis.	Cotinis fuscopicea	species
taxon rank	Ceramida moelleri is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Portugal and Spain.	Ceramida moelleri	species
taxon rank	Turrilitina is a proposed suborder of Cretaceous heteromorph ammonoid cephalopods derived from the Lytoceratidae in the Hauterivian stage of the Lower Cretaceous that would include the superfamilies Turrilitoidea, Ptychoceratoidea, and Scaphatoidea.	Turrilitina	suborder
taxon rank	Leptosiphon acicularis (syn. Linanthus acicularis) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name bristly linanthus.	Leptosiphon acicularis	species
taxon rank	Gasteroclupea is a genus of prehistoric clupeiform fish that is related to modern anchovies and herrings.	Gasteroclupea	genus
taxon rank	Micranthes oregana is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Oregon saxifrage.	Micranthes oregana	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe subcubensis is an entheogenic species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.	Psilocybe subcubensis	species
taxon rank	Sairocaris is an extinct genus of crustacean, in the order Hoplostraca, that lived in the Mississippian age.	Sairocaris	genus
taxon rank	Sebecidae is an extinct family of prehistoric mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorphs.	Sebecidae	family
taxon rank	Carex haydeniana is a species of sedge known by the common name cloud sedge.	Carex haydeniana	species
taxon rank	Cheiridopsis caroli-schmidtii is a species in the genus Cheiridopsis that consists of 100 flowering succulent perennial plants.	Cheiridopsis caroli-schmidtii	species
taxon rank	Draba breweri is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names cushion draba, Brewer's draba, and Brewer's Whitlow grass.	Draba breweri	species
taxon rank	Based on 16S rDNA sequence analysis and the low degree of DNA relatedness between other members of Achromobacter species, Yabuuchi et al proposes that Alcaligenes denitrificans should be classified as a subspecies of Achromobacter xylosoxidans (Alcaligenes xylosoxidans subsp. denitrificans).	Alcaligenes denitrificans	species
taxon rank	Chameleons or chamaeleons (family Chamaeleonidae) are a distinctive and highly specialized clade of old world lizards with 202 species described as of June 2015.	Chameleon	family
taxon rank	Cordia subcordata is a species of flowering tree in the borage family, Boraginaceae, that occurs in eastern Africa, South Asia, Southeast Asia, northern Australia and the Pacific Islands.	Cordia subcordata	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus interpositus is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in European countries such as Albania, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, Ukraine, and southern part of Russia.	Orthotylus interpositus	species
taxon rank	Perizoma affinitata, the rivulet, is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.	Perizoma affinitata	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe uniaristata is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name one-awn spineflower.	Chorizanthe uniaristata	species
taxon rank	Topografov virus is an enveloped, negative-sense RNA virus species of the genus hantavirus in the Bunyaviridae family.	Topografov virus	species
taxon rank	Tornelasmias capricorni was a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Tornelasmias capricorni	species
taxon rank	The type species is Gegepterus changi.	Gegepterus	species
taxon rank	Abacopteris penangiana is a fern species in the genus Abacopteris.	Abacopteris penangiana	species
taxon rank	Stenaulorhynchus is an extinct genus of hyperodapedontid rhynchosaur from Middle Triassic (late Anisian stage) deposits of Tanganyika Territory, Tanzania.	Stenaulorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Hordeum marinum, commonly known as sea barley or seaside barley, is a species of grass.	Hordeum marinum	species
taxon rank	Cerapachys fossulatus is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Sri Lanka and China.	Cerapachys fossulatus	species
taxon rank	Protilemoides buergersi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Protilemoides.	Protilemoides buergersi	species
taxon rank	Colus pubescens, common name the hairy colus, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Colus pubescens	species
taxon rank	Vahlkampfia is a genus of amoeboids in Heterolobosea.	Vahlkampfia	genus
taxon rank	Ptycholomoides aeriferana, the larch twist, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Ptycholomoides aeriferana	species
taxon rank	Ettlia terrestris is a species of green algae, in the family Chlorococcaceae.	Ettlia terrestris	species
taxon rank	The Bornean orangutan (Pongo pygmaeus) is a species of orangutan native to the island of Borneo.	Bornean orangutan	species
taxon rank	Saccharomyces is a genus of fungi that includes many species of yeasts.	Saccharomyces	genus
taxon rank	Middendorffinaia shadini is a species of unionid mussel endemic to South Primorye, Russia.	Middendorffinaia shadini	species
taxon rank	The Unalaska collared lemming (Dicrostonyx unalascensis) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.	Unalaska collared lemming	species
taxon rank	The Corimelaenidae are a family of shield bugs.	Corimelaenidae	family
taxon rank	Stenotrema hirsutum, common name hairy slitmouth, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.	Stenotrema hirsutum	species
taxon rank	Eulophia alta is a species of orchid, known as the wild coco.	Eulophia alta	species
taxon rank	Omphalobasella inconspicua is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Omphalobasella.	Omphalobasella inconspicua	species
taxon rank	Shuleichthys brachypteryx is an extinct species of bony fish which existed in China during the Cretaceous period.	Shuleichthys	species
taxon rank	Calumma crypticum, commonly known as the cryptic chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in Madagascar.	Calumma crypticum	species
taxon rank	Tachina amurensis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in Japan and Russia.	Tachina amurensis	species
taxon rank	Dryopithecus was a genus of apes that is known from East Africa into Eurasia during the late Miocene period.	Dryopithecus	genus
taxon rank	Oncidium ornithorhynchum is a species of orchid found from Mexico to Colombia.	Oncidium ornithorhynchum	species
taxon rank	Syzygium aqueum is a species of brush cherry tree.	Syzygium aqueum	species
taxon rank	Colpichthys is a genus of Neotropical silverside endemic to the Gulf of Mexico.	Colpichthys	genus
taxon rank	Hirudo orientalis is a species of medicinal leech.	Hirudo orientalis	species
taxon rank	Schistura udomritthiruji is species of stone loach, a riverine fish found in streams in southern Thailand.	Schistura udomritthiruji	species
taxon rank	The Palaeognathae are usually considered a superorder, but authors have treated them as a taxon as high as subclass (Stresemann 1927--1934) or as low as an order (Cracraft 1981).	Palaeognathae	superorder
taxon rank	Panellus pusillus is a species of fungus in the family Mycenaceae.	Panellus pusillus	species
taxon rank	Machaeranthera juncea (syn. Xanthisma junceum) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names rush bristleweed or rush-like bristleweed.	Machaeranthera juncea	species
taxon rank	Saussurea laniceps is pollinated by two generalist bumblebee species, Bombus rufofasticatus and Bombus festivus, that appear to specialize on Saussurea laniceps when it is flowering.	Saussurea laniceps	species
taxon rank	Scutalus mariopenai is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae.	Scutalus mariopenai	species
taxon rank	Sympergoides nasutus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sympergoides.	Sympergoides nasutus	species
taxon rank	Maxillaria tenuifolia, the Delicate-leafed Maxillaria or Coconut Pie Orchid, is a species of orchid ranging from Mexico to Nicaragua and possibly Costa Rica.	Maxillaria tenuifolia	species
taxon rank	Heliomeris soliceps is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family called the Tropical false goldeneye or paria sunflower.	Heliomeris soliceps	species
taxon rank	Rita macracanthus is a species of bagrid catfish found in the Indus River drainage.	Rita macracanthus	species
taxon rank	Inchoatia megdova is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.	Inchoatia megdova	species
taxon rank	Sarcoscypha coccinea, commonly known as the scarlet elf cup, scarlet elf cap, or the scarlet cup, is a species of fungus in the family Sarcoscyphaceae of the order Pezizales.	Sarcoscypha coccinea	species
taxon rank	Nassarius miga is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nssa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius miga	species
taxon rank	Cyanea koolauensis (formerly Rollandia angustifolia) is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Palolo Valley rollandia and narrowleaf rollandia.	Cyanea koolauensis	species
taxon rank	Indirana gundia is a species of frog found in the Western Ghats of India.	Indirana gundia	species
taxon rank	Macrozamia riedlei, commonly known as zamia or zamia palm, is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family.	Macrozamia riedlei	species
taxon rank	Diplodactylus is a genus of geckos of the family Diplodactylidae from Australia.	Diplodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Hieronymiella is a genus of South American plants in the Amaryllis family, known from only Bolivia and Argentina.	Hieronymiella	genus
taxon rank	Paratrachichthys is a genus of slimeheads found in the Pacific Ocean.	Paratrachichthys	genus
taxon rank	Iciligorgia schrammi, common names deepwater sea fan and black sea fan is a species of gorgonian sea fan in the family Anthothelidae.	Iciligorgia schrammi	species
taxon rank	The Ginkgoaceae is a family of gymnosperms which appeared during the Mesozoic Era, of which the only extant representative is Ginkgo biloba, which is for this reason sometimes regarded as a living fossil.	Ginkgoaceae	family
taxon rank	Brassia pumila is a species of epiphytic orchid native to Guyana, Venezuela, French Guiana, Colombia, Peru,and Brazil.	Brassia pumila	species
taxon rank	Crataegus flava, summer haw, yellow-fruited thorn is a very rare species of hawthorn that was long known in cultivation in England but apparently is no longer grown.	Crataegus flava	species
taxon rank	Pelophila rudis is a species of black coloured ground beetle in Nebriinae subfamily which was described by John Lawrence LeConte in 1863.	Pelophila rudis	species
taxon rank	Yikezhaogia is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid from the Early Triassic of Mongolia.	Yikezhaogia	genus
taxon rank	Ossubtus xinguense is a species of serrasalmid and the only species of the genus Ossubtus.	Ossubtus xinguense	species
taxon rank	Carabus perrini planus is a subspecies of black-coloured beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Georgia, Russia, and Ukraine.	Carabus perrini planus	subspecies
taxon rank	Pausinystalia brachythyrsum was a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Pausinystalia brachythyrsum	species
taxon rank	Delphinium trolliifolium is a species of larkspur known by the common names poison delphinium, cow poison, and Columbian larkspur.	Delphinium trolliifolium	species
taxon rank	More typically, Cardiodon has been assigned to Cetiosaurus, sometimes as a separate species Cetiosaurus rugulosus, in spite of its priority.	Cardiodon	species
taxon rank	Gagea is a large genus of spring flowers in the lily family.	Gagea	genus
taxon rank	Vitrinula hahajimana is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrialgastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae.	Vitrinula hahajimana	species
taxon rank	Mabuya sloanii is a species of skink native to the Caribbean, where it is found in the Greater Antilles and in the northernmost Lesser Antilles.	Mabuya sloanii	species
taxon rank	Aldania is a butterfly genus of the Limenitidinae.The genus is confined to the temperate East Palearctic.	Aldania	genus
taxon rank	Antidesma bunius is a species of fruit tree in the Phyllanthaceae.	Antidesma bunius	species
taxon rank	Progalesaurus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian therapsid.	Progalesaurus	genus
taxon rank	Necrolestes patagonensis (``Grave Robber'' or ``Thief of the Dead'') is an extinct species of non-therian mammal, which lived during the early Miocene in what is now Argentine Patagonia.	Necrolestes patagonensis	species
taxon rank	Dymascus porosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dymascus.	Dymascus porosus	species
taxon rank	Haliotis dringi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis dringi	species
taxon rank	Microsorum is a genus of over fifty species of tropical ferns.	Microsorum	genus
taxon rank	The bee subfamily Andreninae is a nearly cosmopolitan lineage, with most of its diversity in one genus, Andrena, which contains over 1500 species.	Andreninae	subfamily
taxon rank	Saxifraga hyperborea, the Pygmy saxifrage, is a plant species native to Canada, Alaska, Greenland, Russia, Spitsbergen, and from mountainous areas in the western United States.	Saxifraga hyperborea	species
taxon rank	Potamogeton wrightii, is an aquatic plant species in the genus Potamogeton.	Potamogeton wrightii	species
taxon rank	Formosimyrma is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Formosimyrma lanuyensis.	Formosimyrma	genus
taxon rank	Selysia bidentata is a species of the genus Selysia native to Panama.	Selysia bidentata	species
taxon rank	Handleyomys rostratus, also known as the long-nosed oryzomys, long-nosed rice rat, or rusty rice rat is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae.	Handleyomys rostratus	species
taxon rank	Duttaphrynus noellerti (common name: Noellert's toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Duttaphrynus noellerti	species
taxon rank	Hemipepsis ustulata is a species of tarantula hawk native to the Southwestern United States.	Hemipepsis ustulata	species
taxon rank	Picrasma excelsa is a species of Picrasma in the family Simaroubaceae.	Picrasma excelsa	species
taxon rank	Perideridia erythrorhiza is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names western yampah and redroot yampah.	Perideridia erythrorhiza	species
taxon rank	Whipplea is a monotypic genus containing the single species Whipplea modesta, which is known by several common names including common whipplea, yerba de selva, and modesty.	Whipplea	genus
taxon rank	Verrucosispora gifhornensis is a member of the actinobacterial familyMicromonosporaceae, being the type species of its genus.	Verrucosispora gifhornensis	species
taxon rank	Parmacella tenerifensis is a species of air-breathing land slug, a shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Parmacellidae.	Parmacella tenerifensis	species
taxon rank	Allium ebusitanum is a plant species known from the Spanish Island of Ibiza in the Balearic Islands, as well as from Tunisia and Algeria.	Allium ebusitanum	species
taxon rank	Heterorhachis is a genus of South African flowering plants in the daisy family.	Heterorhachis	genus
taxon rank	Cyathea glauca is a species of tree fern endemic to Réunion.	Cyathea glauca	species
taxon rank	Belostoma flumineum is a North American species of giant water bug (family Belostomatidae).	Belostoma flumineum	species
taxon rank	Pomadasys is a genus of grunts native to the waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean and through the Indian Ocean to the Pacific coast of the Americas.	Pomadasys	genus
taxon rank	Pedobacter nyackensis is a species of Gram-negative, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming eubacterial species.	Pedobacter nyackensis	species
taxon rank	Clavulicium is a genus of corticioid fungi in the family Stereopsidaceae.	Clavulicium	genus
taxon rank	Echinochloa is a very widespread genus of plants in the grass family.	Echinochloa	genus
taxon rank	Shelania is an extinct genus of prehistoric frogs that lived in South America during the Eocene.	Shelania	genus
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Peyerimhoffiella elegans.	Peyerimhoffiella	species
taxon rank	Mackilligin's gerbil, Dipodillus mackilligini (sometimes misspelled mackillingini), also known as Mackilligin's dipodil, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Mackilligin's gerbil	species
taxon rank	Tulipa agenensis is a Middle Eastern species of flowering plants in the lily family.	Tulipa agenensis	species
taxon rank	Genianthus is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1883.	Genianthus	genus
taxon rank	Limacus is considered as a subgenus of the genus Limax.	Limacus	genus
taxon rank	Chorda filum, commonly known as dead man's rope or sea lace among other names, is a species of brown algae in the genus Chorda.	Chorda filum	species
taxon rank	Zostera capricorni is a species of eelgrass native to the seacoasts of New Guinea, Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Norfolk Island and the North Island of New Zealand.	Zostera capricorni	species
taxon rank	Its only species, Mimomantis milloti, is found in Madagascar.	Mimomantis	species
taxon rank	Paragorgopsis fascipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Paragorgopsis of the family Ulidiidae.	Paragorgopsis fascipennis	species
taxon rank	Arthrobacter roseus is a species of red-pigmented psychrophilic bacteria first isolated from a cyanobacterial mat. Its type strain is CMS 90r(T) (= MTCC 3712T = DSM 14508T).	Arthrobacter roseus	species
taxon rank	Huvenia is a genus of extinct plants of the Early Devonian (Pragian or Siegenian stage, around 411 to 408 million years ago), found in slate deposits of the Rhenish Massif.	Huvenia	genus
taxon rank	Yarrella is a genus of lightfishes.	Yarrella	genus
taxon rank	Suillus helenae is a species of bolete fungus in the genus Suillus.	Suillus helenae	species
taxon rank	The Alvinellidae are a family of small, deep-sea polychaete worms endemic to hydrothermal vents in the Pacific Ocean.	Alvinellidae	family
taxon rank	Supplanaxis nucleus, common name the black Atlantic planaxis, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae.	Supplanaxis nucleus	species
taxon rank	Ophiogomphus cecilia, the green snaketail or green gomphid is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Ophiogomphus cecilia	species
taxon rank	Clintonia andrewsiana is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Andrews clintonia and red clintonia.	Clintonia andrewsiana	species
taxon rank	Mitra variabilis, common name: the variable mitre, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails.	Mitra variabilis	species
taxon rank	Caracolus is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurodontidae.	Caracolus	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium chalybeum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from dried fish in Sri Lanka.	Penicillium chalybeum	species
taxon rank	Eleutheromenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters, a kind of shell-less, worm-like mollusk.	Eleutheromenia	genus
taxon rank	Drakaea thynniphila, commonly known as narrow-lipped hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Drakaea thynniphila	species
taxon rank	Lycaena dorcas is a species of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae, the gossamer-winged butterflies.	Lycaena dorcas	species
taxon rank	Uarbryichthys (``Uarbry Fish'') is a genus of primitive teleost ray-finned fish from fossil beds near the Talbragar River Bed.	Uarbryichthys	genus
taxon rank	Fraser's eagle-owl (Bubo poensis) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Fraser's eagle-owl	species
taxon rank	Gynnidomorpha permixtana, the coast conch, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Gynnidomorpha permixtana	species
taxon rank	Corydoras paleatus is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Callichthyidae.	Corydoras paleatus	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron niveum (Chinese: 西藏毛脉杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to northeastern India (including Sikkim), Bhutan, and southern Tibet in China, where it grows at altitudes of 2600--3500 meters.	Rhododendron niveum	species
taxon rank	Bullia laevissima, common name the fat plough shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Bullia laevissima	species
taxon rank	Thuringothyris is an extinct genus of Early Permian eureptiles known from the Thuringian Forest in central Germany.	Thuringothyris	genus
taxon rank	Deepstaria is a genus of jellyfish known for their thin, sheet-like bodies.	Deepstaria	genus
taxon rank	Yolanda's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys yolandae) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Yolanda's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Juglans jamaicensis (West Indian walnut, nogal, palo de nuez) is a species of walnut in the Juglandaceae family.	Juglans jamaicensis	species
taxon rank	Sedum oaxacanum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family.	Sedum oaxacanum	species
taxon rank	Sinopieris is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.The genus occurs in Nepal, Tibet, Yunnan, Gansu, Shaanxi and Sichuan.All six pecies were originally included in Pieris.	Sinopieris	genus
taxon rank	Brachysomida atra is the species of the Lepturinae subfamily in longhorn beetle family.	Brachysomida atra	species
taxon rank	Penstemon rupicola is a species of penstemon known by the common name cliff beardtongue.	Penstemon rupicola	species
taxon rank	Retilla indigens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Retilla.	Retilla indigens	species
taxon rank	Agelastica alni, the alder leaf beetle, is a species of leaf beetle (Chrysomelidae) in the genus Agelastica.	Agelastica alni	species
taxon rank	Mimotriammatus nigrosignatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimotriammatus.	Mimotriammatus nigrosignatus	species
taxon rank	Libellula doris is an extinct species of dragonflies, commonly called skimmers, in the family Libellulidae.	Libellula doris	species
taxon rank	Nitrobacteraceae is a family of Alphaproteobacteria.	Nitrobacteraceae	family
taxon rank	Acanthobrama tricolor, or the Damascus bream, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Acanthobrama tricolor	species
taxon rank	Panicum amarum is a species of grass known by the common name bitter panicgrass.	Panicum amarum	species
taxon rank	Leptaspis is a genus of Paleotropical plants in the grass family, native to Africa, southern Asia, northern Australia, and a few islands of the western Pacific.	Leptaspis	genus
taxon rank	Oberea balineae is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Heller in 1915.	Oberea balineae	species
taxon rank	Microsomatidia reticulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Microsomatidia.	Microsomatidia reticulata	species
taxon rank	Heteroconger cobra, sometimes known as the cobra garden eel, is a species of garden eel of the family Congridae, found in the western Central Pacific from Honiara, the Solomon Islands to Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.	Heteroconger cobra	species
taxon rank	Lottia scabra or the rough limpet is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae.	Lottia scabra	species
taxon rank	Melica subulata is a species of grass known by the common name Alaska oniongrass.	Melica subulata	species
taxon rank	Amanita nehuta, also called Maori Dust Amanita, is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family.	Amanita nehuta	species
taxon rank	The Chinese broad-headed pond turtle (Chinemys megalocephala) is a species of turtle in the Geoemydidae family.	Chinese broad-headed pond turtle	species
taxon rank	Tagetes pusilla, the lesser marigold, is a Latin American species of marigolds in the sunflower family.	Tagetes pusilla	species
taxon rank	Aplastodiscus leucopygius is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to Brazil.	Aplastodiscus leucopygius	species
taxon rank	Paralissotes reticulatus, also called the New Zealand Reticulate Stag Beetle is a native species of stag beetle from New Zealand.	Paralissotes reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Stephanomeria paniculata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names tufted wirelettuce and stiff-branched wirelettuce.	Stephanomeria paniculata	species
taxon rank	Anomiopus idei is a species of true dung beetle that is endemic to Perú, and is only known from its type locality in Loreto Region.	Anomiopus idei	species
taxon rank	Begonia aequilateralis Irmsch., 1929 is a species of begonia known only from the Sungai Buloh area of Selangor, Peninsular Malaysia.	Begonia aequilateralis	species
taxon rank	Malacothamnus fasciculatus, with the common names chaparral mallow and Mendocino bushmallow, is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family.	Malacothamnus fasciculatus	species
taxon rank	Pleurocoronis pluriseta is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name bush arrowleaf.	Pleurocoronis pluriseta	species
taxon rank	Allobates bromelicola (common name: coastal rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Allobates bromelicola	species
taxon rank	Iflaviridae is a family of positive sense RNA viruses insect-infecting viruses.	Iflaviridae	family
taxon rank	Gilia salticola is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name salt gilia.	Gilia salticola	species
taxon rank	Alburnus schischkovi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus, that can be found in Bulgaria in river Veleka, and Turkey in river Rezovska.	Alburnus schischkovi	species
taxon rank	The Mygalomorphae or mygalomorphs are an infraorder of spiders.	Mygalomorphae	infraorder
taxon rank	Ecsenius aroni, known commonly as the Aron's blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Indian ocean.	Ecsenius aroni	species
taxon rank	Hibiscus moscheutos (rose mallow, swamp rose-mallow, crimsoneyed rosemallow, eastern rosemallow) is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae.	Hibiscus moscheutos	species
taxon rank	Comarostaphylis diversifolia, known by the common names summer holly and California comarostaphylos, is a species of shrub in the heath family.	Comarostaphylis diversifolia	species
taxon rank	Lilium davidii is an Asian species of plants in the lily family, native to mountainous areas of Assam, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Tibet, Bhutan, Hubei, Shaanxi, Sichuan, Guizhou, and Yunnan.	Lilium davidii	species
taxon rank	Bufoides is a genus of true toads; the only known species is the Mawblang toad or Khasi Hills toad, M. meghalayanus.	Bufoides	species
taxon rank	Giraffa jumae is an extinct species of even-toed mammal in the Giraffidae family.	Giraffa jumae	species
taxon rank	Ithomia avella is a Neotropical species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.	Ithomia avella	species
taxon rank	Senecio medley-woodii is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae.	Senecio medley-woodii	species
taxon rank	Barbicambarus cornutus is a species of crayfish found only in the Barren River and Green River systems of Tennessee and Kentucky.	Barbicambarus cornutus	species
taxon rank	Parabybe subfoveolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parabybe.	Parabybe subfoveolata	species
taxon rank	Alveolinidae is a family of spheroidal to fusiform milioline foraminfera with multiple apertures and complex interiors in which chambers are subdivided into chamberlets and subfloors interconnected by passageways.	Alveolinidae	family
taxon rank	Imbrasia epimethea is a species of moth belonging to the Saturniidae family.	Imbrasia epimethea	species
taxon rank	Phyllanthus mirabilis is a plant species of family Phyllanthaceae endemic to Thailand.	Phyllanthus mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Exapion is a genus of straight-snouted weevils.	Exapion	genus
taxon rank	Melanodexia is a peculiar New World cluster fly genus of the western United States.	Melanodexia	genus
taxon rank	Oxyloma patentissima is a species of land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Oxyloma patentissima	species
taxon rank	Cardamine lyrata, known commonly as Japanese cress and Chinese ivy, is a species of aquatic plant in the mustard family.	Cardamine lyrata	species
taxon rank	Tridentiger kuroiwae is a species of goby endemic to Japan where it is found in flowing fresh waters.	Tridentiger kuroiwae	species
taxon rank	Arthragrostis is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family, found only in Queensland.	Arthragrostis	genus
taxon rank	Kutara is a leafhopper genus belonging to the Selenocephalinae subfamily.	Kutara	genus
taxon rank	Scapteriscus vicinus, the tawny mole cricket, is a species of insect in the mole cricket family, Gryllotalpidae.	Scapteriscus vicinus	species
taxon rank	Pletholax gracilis is a species of lizard in the family Pygopodidae, the only species in the genus Pletholax.	Pletholax	species
taxon rank	Many species previously included in the genus Porphyra has transferred to Pyropia, for example Pyropia tenera and Pyropia yezoensis.	Porphyra	genus
taxon rank	Purana nebulilinea is a cicada species distributed in peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra, Borneo and nearby smaller islands.	Purana nebulilinea	species
taxon rank	Sutilizonidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails, deepwater hydrothermal vent snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Sutilizonidae	family
taxon rank	The Antarctic dragonfishes are a family, Bathydraconidae, of deep-sea perciform fishes.	Bathydraconidae	family
taxon rank	Dilsea carnosa, commonly known as the poor man's weather glass or the sea belt, is a species of red algae in the Dumontiaceae family of the order Gigartinales.	Dilsea carnosa	species
voice type	Nathalie Manfrino is a French ``soprano''.	Nathalie Manfrino	soprano
voice type	Marilyn Tyler is an American operatic soprano, former director of Opera Studies and Emeritus Faculty Member at the University of New Mexico.	Marilyn Tyler	soprano
voice type	Vito Giuseppe Millico, called ``Il Moscovita'' (19 January 1737 -- 2 October 1802) was an Italian soprano castrato, composer, and music teacher of the 18th century who is best remembered for his performances in the operas of Christoph Willibald Gluck.	Giuseppe Millico	soprano
voice type	Joan Rodgers C.B.E. (Whitehaven, 1956) is an English operatic soprano.	Joan Rodgers	soprano
voice type	Marthe Chenal (1881 -- 28 January 1947) was a French operatic soprano who had an active singing career between 1905 and 1923.	Marthe Chenal	soprano
voice type	Mohammed El-Bakkar (Arabic: محمد البكار‎; died in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, United States, September 8, 1959) was a Lebanese tenor, oud player, and conductor.	Mohammed El-Bakkar	tenor
voice type	Isabella Lampe (also Isabella Young) (December 1715, London -- 5 January 1795, London) was an English operatic soprano and the wife of composer John Frederick Lampe.	Isabella Lampe	soprano
voice type	Wojtek Drabowicz (also Wojciech Drabowicz) (24 March 1966 -- 27 March 2007) was a Polish operatic baritone who was a leading performer at the Polish National Opera from 1989 through 2007.	Wojtek Drabowicz	baritone
voice type	Lawrence Zazzo (born December 15, 1970 in Philadelphia) is an American countertenor.	Lawrence Zazzo	countertenor
voice type	Giuseppina Huguet (1871--1951) was a Catalan operatic soprano with a lyrical voice who sang throughout Europe prior to World War I. Huguet was born in 1871 and registered on official documents as ``Josefina'' Huguet.	Giuseppina Huguet	soprano
voice type	Kobie van Rensburg (born on 23 May 1969 in Johannesburg) is a South African tenor and opera director.	Kobie van Rensburg	tenor
voice type	Pia Ravenna (born Hjördis Sophie Tilgmann; 25 October 1894 -- 19 October 1964) was a celebrated Finnish coloratura soprano who specialized in operatic works and was known as ``the Nightingale of Finland''.	Pia Ravenna	soprano
voice type	Yvonne Brothier (born on 6 June 1889 in Saint-Julien-l'Ars, Vienne, died Paris, 22 January 1967) was a soprano operatic singer who worked principally at the Opéra-Comique, Paris.	Yvonne Brothier	soprano
voice type	Marie Sundelius (4 February 1882 - 27 June 1958) was a Swedish-American classical soprano.	Marie Sundelius	soprano
voice type	Clara Pierre Impens (21 February 1899 -- 16 August 1970) was a Belgian soprano who sang under the stage-name Clara Clairbert.	Clara Clairbert	soprano
voice type	Sally Bradshaw is a British high mezzo soprano who made a career principally as a Baroque specialist in opera and concerts.	Sally Bradshaw	soprano
voice type	Alice Zeppilli (28 August 1885 -- 14 September 1969) was a French operatic soprano of Italian heritage who had an active international singing career from 1901 to 1930.	Alice Zeppilli	soprano
voice type	Riki Guy (Hebrew: ריקי גאי‎) (born c. 1975) is an Israeli full-lyric soprano.	Riki Guy	soprano
voice type	Joseph Maas (30 January 1847 in Dartford, England -- 16 January 1886 in London) was an English tenor singer.	Joseph Maas	tenor
voice type	Ludmila Vernerová (born 1962) is a Czech operatic soprano and the niece of oboist Pavel Verner.	Ludmila Vernerová	soprano
voice type	Sissel Kyrkjebø (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈsɪsəl ˈçʏʁçəˌbʷøː), /ˈsisel ˈçyrçeˌbø/; born 24 June 1969), also simply known as Sissel, is a Norwegian soprano.	Sissel Kyrkjebø	soprano
voice type	James Reed Miller (February 29, 1880 -- December 29, 1923), who recorded as Reed Miller and as James Reed, was an American tenor who had an active career as a concert and oratorio singer during the first quarter of the 20th century.	Reed Miller	tenor
voice type	Lois Hunt (November 26, 1924 -- July 26, 2009) was an American lyric soprano who had spent some of her earlier career performing at New York City's Metropolitan Opera and later spent four decades performing and recording classical music and musical theater numbers nationwide together with baritone Earl Wrightson.	Lois Hunt	soprano
voice type	Giangiacomo Guelfi (21 December 1924 -- 8 February 2012) was an operatic baritone, particularly associated with Verdi and Puccini.	Giangiacomo Guelfi	baritone
voice type	Clare Shore (born 1954) is an American composer, music educator mezzo-soprano, and conductor.	Clare Shore	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Valeriano Pellegrini (c. 1663 -- 18 January 1746) was an Italian soprano castrato singer of the 18th century.	Valeriano Pellegrini	soprano
voice type	Eleanor Greenwood is a mezzo soprano and graduate of the Royal Academy of Music in London.	Eleanor Greenwood	mezzo soprano
voice type	Zinka Milanov (Croatian pronunciation: (zîːŋka milǎnɔv̞)) (May 17, 1906 -- May 30, 1989) was a Croatian-born operatic spinto soprano who had a major career centred on the New York Metropolitan Opera.	Zinka Milanov	soprano
voice type	Louise Grandjean (1870--1934) was a French operatic soprano who was particularly admired for her portrayals of Wagner and Verdi heroines.	Louise Grandjean	soprano
voice type	Bernard Ładysz (born 24 July 1922, Wilno, then Poland) is a Polish opera singer (bass-baritone) and actor.	Bernard Ładysz	bass-baritone
voice type	Nino Martini (7 August 1902, Verona, Italy -- 9 December 1976, Verona, Italy) was an Italian operatic tenor and actor.	Nino Martini	tenor
voice type	Emilio De Marchi (Italian pronunciation: (eˈmiljo deˈmarki); January 6, 1861 -- March 20, 1917) was an Italian operatic tenor.	Emilio De Marchi	tenor
voice type	John van Kesteren (born May 4, 1921, The Hague - died July 11, 2008, Jupiter, Florida) was a Dutch operatic tenor.	John van Kesteren	tenor
voice type	Pier Miranda Ferraro (October 30, 1924 -- January 18, 2008) was an Italian operatic tenor who had an active international opera career from 1951 through 1981.	Pier Miranda Ferraro	tenor
voice type	Ruby Elzy (February 20, 1908 -- June 26, 1943), was a pioneer American operatic soprano.	Ruby Elzy	soprano
voice type	Jamie Barton (born 1980/1981 (age 34--35)) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano.	Jamie Barton	mezzo-soprano
voice type	John Fiorito (born 4 September 1936 in New York) is a baritone opera singer.	John Fiorito	baritone
voice type	Muriel Foster (22 November 1877 -- 23 December 1937) was an English contralto, excelling in oratorio.	Muriel Foster	contralto
voice type	Gary Griffiths (born 22 April 1983) is a Welsh baritone from the village of Pembrey, near Llanelli, Wales.	Gary Griffiths	baritone
voice type	Karl Ridderbusch (29 May 1932 -- 21 June 1997) was a German operatic bass, associated in particular with the music of Wagner.	Karl Ridderbusch	bass
