author	Dirt Music by Tim Winton is a Booker prize shortlisted novel from 2001 and winner of the 2002 Miles Franklin Award.	Dirt Music	Tim Winton
author	Meri Jeevan Yatra (मेरी जीवन यात्रा) aka My Journey Through Life is the Autobiography of Great Social reformer, Scholar, Polyglot Mahapandit Rahul Sankrityayan, first published in 1944.	Meri Jeevan Yatra	Rahul Sankrityayan
author	``Blue Melody'' is a short story by J. D. Salinger, first published in the September 1948 issue of Cosmopolitan.	Blue Melody	J. D. Salinger
author	Earth's Children is a series of speculative alternative historical fiction novels written by Jean M. Auel set circa 30,000 years before present.	Earth's Children	Jean M. Auel
author	Categories for the Working Mathematician is a textbook in category theory written by American mathematician Saunders Mac Lane, who cofounded the subject together with Samuel Eilenberg.	Categories for the Working Mathematician	Saunders Mac Lane
author	Kalvan Kingmaker is an English language science fiction novel by John F. Carr, the third book in the Kalvan series and the sequel to Great Kings' War.	Kalvan Kingmaker	John F. Carr
author	Afloat and Ashore is a nautical fiction novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1844.	Afloat and Ashore	James Fenimore Cooper
author	Alien Legion is a science-fiction comic-book series and associated titles created by Carl Potts, Alan Zelenetz, and Frank Cirocco for Marvel Comics's Epic Comics imprint in 1983.	Alien Legion	Alan Zelenetz
author	Njanji Soenji (Republican Spelling: Njanji Sunji; Perfected Spelling: Nyanyi Sunyi; Indonesian for ``Songs of Solitude'' or ``Songs of Silence'') is a 1937 poetry collection by Amir Hamzah.	Nyanyi Sunyi	Amir Hamzah
author	Ballad of the Desert (also known as Damo Yao, or ``大漠谣'') is a two-volume Chinese Han Dynasty romance novel written by author Tong Hua.	Ballad of the Desert	Tong Hua
author	Great Contemporaries is a collection of 25 short biographical essays about famous people, written by Winston Churchill.	Great Contemporaries	Winston Churchill
author	Piercing the Darkness, which was published in 1988, is a sequel to Frank E. Peretti's novel This Present Darkness.	Piercing the Darkness	Frank E. Peretti
author	A Political Romance is a 1759 novel by Laurence Sterne, author of Tristram Shandy.	A Political Romance	Laurence Sterne
author	The Ghost Writer (1979) is the first novel by Philip Roth to be narrated by Nathan Zuckerman, one of Roth's putative fictional alter egos, and constitutes the first book in his Zuckerman Bound trilogy.	The Ghost Writer	Philip Roth
author	Darwin's Children is a science fiction novel by Greg Bear published in 2003.	Darwin's Children	Greg Bear
author	The Analytical Language of John Wilkins (Spanish: El idioma analitico de John Wilkins) is a short essay by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges originally published in Otras Inquisiciones (1937--1952).	The Analytical Language of John Wilkins	Jorge Luis Borges
author	High Rhulain is a children's fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 2005.	High Rhulain	Brian Jacques
author	The Silent Cry (Japanese 万延元年のフットボール; Man'en Gannen no Futtoboru, literally 'Football in the First Year of Man'en') is a novel by Japanese author Kenzaburō Ōe, first published in Japanese in 1967 and awarded the Tanizaki Prize that year.	The Silent Cry	Kenzaburō Ōe
author	Cannibals and Kings (1977, ISBN 0-394-40765-2) is a book written by anthropologist Marvin Harris.	Cannibals and Kings	Marvin Harris
author	Mother of Demons is a science-fiction novel by American author Eric Flint.	Mother of Demons	Eric Flint
author	The Lhammas is a work of fictional sociolinguistics by J. R. R. Tolkien.	Lhammas	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Sports, Sin and Subversion is the new book from Belizean author Evan X Hyde, published in July 2008.	Sports, Sin and Subversion	Evan X Hyde
author	Reality Sandwiches is a book of poetry by Allen Ginsberg published by City Lights Publishers in 1963.	Reality Sandwiches	Allen Ginsberg
author	The Finders is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton which was first published in 1993 and is the only one of his children's books not related to the Beaver Towers series.	The Finders	Nigel Hinton
author	The Question of Lay Analysis (German: Die Frage der Laienanalyse) is a 1926 book by Sigmund Freud advocating the right of non-doctors, or 'lay' people, to be psychoanalysts.	The Question of Lay Analysis	Sigmund Freud
author	The Art of Dreaming is a book written by anthropologist Carlos Castaneda and published in 1993.	The Art of Dreaming	Carlos Castaneda
author	World Brain is a collection of essays and addresses by the English science fiction pioneer, social reformer, evolutionary biologist and historian H. G. Wells, dating from the period of 1936--38.	World Brain	H. G. Wells
author	Poem Strip (Italian: Poema a fumetti) is a 1969 comic book by the Italian writer and illustrator Dino Buzzati.	Poem Strip	Dino Buzzati
author	Knot of Stone: the day that changed South Africa's history is a 2011 historical murder mystery written by South African/Dutch author Nicolaas Vergunst.	Knot of Stone	Nicolaas Vergunst
author	List of the Lost is a novel written by Morrissey, released on 24 September 2015.	List of the Lost	Morrissey
author	Graveminder is a 2011 Gothic mystery novel by Melissa Marr.	Graveminder	Melissa Marr
author	The Crooked Hinge is a mystery novel (1938) by detective novelist John Dickson Carr.	The Crooked Hinge	John Dickson Carr
author	The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen is a story written by the English author J. R. R. Tolkien.	The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Asterix and the Missing Scroll (French: Le Papyrus de César, ``Caesar's Papyrus'') is the 36th book in the Asterix series, written by Jean-Yves Ferri and illustrated by Didier Conrad.	Asterix and the Missing Scroll	Jean-Yves Ferri	Didier Conrad
author	Things Not Seen is a first-person novel written by Andrew Clements and his third novel after Frindle and The Landry News.	Things Not Seen	Andrew Clements
author	Time of the Great Freeze is a science fiction novel by American author Robert Silverberg, first published by Holt, Rinehart and Winston in 1964.	Time of the Great Freeze	Robert Silverberg
author	New Statesmen was a ``political superhero series'' featured in British comic Crisis, created by John Smith and Jim Baikie, which lasted for fourteen episodes from 1988 to 1989.	New Statesmen	John Smith
author	Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now, published in 1993, is African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou's first book of essays.	Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now	Maya Angelou
author	``Work, Death, and Sickness'', sometimes also translated as ``The Right Way'', is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy written in 1903.	Work, Death, and Sickness	Leo Tolstoy
author	The Underworld USA Trilogy is the collective name given to three novels by American crime author James Ellroy:	Underworld USA Trilogy	James Ellroy
author	A Spaniard in the Works is a book from 1965 by John Lennon.	A Spaniard in the Works	John Lennon
author	Power Evangelism is a book by Christian charismatic leader John Wimber.	Power Evangelism	John Wimber
author	The Accidental Pervert is a universally themed play written and performed by Andrew Goffman and directed by Charles Messina.	The Accidental Pervert	Andrew Goffman
author	On the Twentieth Century is a musical with book and lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green and music by Cy Coleman.	On the Twentieth Century	Betty Comden	Adolph Green
author	Mauprat is a novel by the French novelist George Sand about love and education.	Mauprat	George Sand
author	Die Feen (German: (diː feːn), The Fairies) is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner.	Die Feen	Richard Wagner
author	Pro Cluentio is a speech by the Roman orator Cicero given in defense of a man named Aulus Cluentius Habitus Minor.	Pro Cluentio	Cicero
author	We Are All Made of Glue is English novelist Marina Lewycka's third novel, published in 2009.	We Are All Made of Glue	Marina Lewycka
author	Battle Hymn of China, by Agnes Smedley.	Battle Hymn of China	Agnes Smedley
author	The Mouse with the Question Mark Tail is a 2013 children's novel written by Richard Peck and illustrated Kelly Murphy.	The Mouse with the Question Mark Tail	Richard Peck
author	The Walls of Delhi is a novel written by Indian writer, Uday Prakash.	The Walls of Delhi	Uday Prakash
author	Sherlock Holmes and the Man from Hell is a 1997 Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Barrie Roberts.	Sherlock Holmes and the Man from Hell	Barrie Roberts
author	Facial Justice is a dystopian novel by L. P. Hartley, published in 1960.	Facial Justice	L. P. Hartley
author	Fatal Cure is a medical thriller written by Robin Cook.	Fatal Cure	Robin Cook
author	Crawling Sky is a graphic novel adapted from a short story by Joe R. Lansdale by his son Keith Lansdale.	Crawling Sky	Joe R. Lansdale
author	The Horror from the Hills is a horror novel by author Frank Belknap Long.	The Horror from the Hills	Frank Belknap Long
author	Light a Penny Candle (1982) is Maeve Binchy's first novel, which follows two girls growing up during and in the aftermath of World War II.	Light a Penny Candle	Maeve Binchy
author	Nylon Angel is a postcyberpunk novel by science fiction author Marianne de Pierres	Nylon Angel	Marianne de Pierres
author	Between the Acts is the final novel by Virginia Woolf, published in 1941 shortly after her death.	Between the Acts	Virginia Woolf
author	The Curious Sofa is a classic 1961 book by Edward Gorey, published under the pen name ``Ogdred Weary'' (an anagram).	The Curious Sofa	Edward Gorey
author	``Arms of Mary'' is a 1976 hit single by the Sutherland Brothers and Quiver; group member Iain Sutherland wrote this mid-tempo ballad whose singer reminisces about the girl with whom he had his first intimate encounter.	Arms of Mary	Iain Sutherland
author	The Codex Trivulzianus is a manuscript by Leonardo da Vinci that originally contained 62 sheets, but today only 55 remain.	Codex Trivulzianus	Leonardo da Vinci
author	The Life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D. (1791) is a biography of Dr. Samuel Johnson written by James Boswell.	Life of Samuel Johnson	James Boswell
author	The Kestrel (1982) is a fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander, the second of three books often called the Westmark trilogy.	The Kestrel	Lloyd Alexander
author	For One More Day is a 2006 philosophical novel by Mitch Albom.	For One More Day	Mitch Albom
author	Pig Earth is the first novel by John Berger in the Into Their Labours trilogy.	Pig Earth	John Berger
author	An Oxford University Chest is a book about the University of Oxford, written by the poet Sir John Betjeman and first published by John Miles in London in 1938.	An Oxford University Chest	John Betjeman
author	The Sovereignty of Good is a book of moral philosophy by Iris Murdoch.	The Sovereignty of Good	Iris Murdoch
author	American Dream, Global Nightmare is a book by Ziauddin Sardar and Merryl Wyn Davies (Icon Books, 2004).	American Dream, Global Nightmare	Ziauddin Sardar
author	The Reluctant Widow is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer which describes the story of the heroine Elinor Rochdale who has her life turned upside down when she enters the wrong carriage on her way to be a governess to sustain herself.	The Reluctant Widow	Georgette Heyer
author	Politics as a Vocation (Politik als Beruf) is an essay by German economist and sociologist Max Weber (1864--1920).	Politics as a Vocation	Max Weber
author	All About Lulu (published 2008) is a coming-of-age novel by American author Jonathan Evison.	All About Lulu	Jonathan Evison
author	Maigret and the Yellow Dog (French: Le Chien jaune) is a detective novel by the Belgian writer Georges Simenon.	Maigret and the Yellow Dog	Georges Simenon
author	Charley's Aunt is a farce in three acts written by Brandon Thomas.	Charley's Aunt	Brandon Thomas
author	The Stress of Her Regard is a 1989 horror/fantasy novel by Tim Powers.	The Stress of Her Regard	Tim Powers
author	A Gladiator Dies Only Once is a collection of short stories by American author Steven Saylor, first published by St. Martin's Press in 2005.	A Gladiator Dies Only Once	Steven Saylor
author	Hound-Dog Man is a 1959 film directed by Don Siegel, based on the 1947 novel by Fred Gipson.	Hound-Dog Man	Fred Gipson
author	The Jewel of St Petersburg is a 2010 prequel to The Russian Concubine and The Concubine's Secret by Kate Furnivall.	The Jewel of St Petersburg	Kate Furnivall
author	Krigaren (lit. The Warrior) is a 2001 novel by Swedish writer Björn Ranelid.	Krigaren	Björn Ranelid
author	The City of Fading Light is a 1985 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about a Hollywood actress who tries to rescue her Jewish mother from 1939 Berlin.	The City of Fading Light	Jon Cleary
author	Noite na Taverna (in English: A Night in the Tavern) is a short story collection written by Brazilian Ultra-Romantic author Álvares de Azevedo under the pen name Job Stern.	Noite na Taverna	Álvares de Azevedo
author	Banana Fish is a classic shōjo manga by Akimi Yoshida which ran from 1985 to 1994 and spawned several mini-spin-offs:	Banana Fish	Akimi Yoshida
author	The Book of Ahania is one of the English poet William Blake's prophetic books.	The Book of Ahania	William Blake
author	Exile's Gate is a 1988 science fantasy novel written by C. J. Cherryh.	Exile's Gate	C. J. Cherryh
author	The Inner Reaches of Outer Space is a 1986 book by mythologist Joseph Campbell, the last book completed before his death in 1987.	The Inner Reaches of Outer Space	Joseph Campbell
author	Name It and Frame It? is a 1993 book, written by Steve Levicoff, about unaccredited Christian colleges and universities, exploring the accreditation process and the nature of legitimate and illegitimate unaccredited institutions of higher learning.	Name It and Frame It?	Steve Levicoff
author	Automatic Kafka is a nine-issue comic book limited series written by Joe Casey with art by Ashley Wood.	Automatic Kafka	Joe Casey
author	Fablehaven (pronounced /ˌfeɪbəlˈheɪvən/) is The New York Times' best-selling children's literature fantasy series written by Brandon Mull.	Fablehaven	Brandon Mull
author	The Art of Unix Programming by Eric S. Raymond is a book about the history and culture of Unix programming from its earliest days in 1969 to 2003 when it was published, covering both genetic derivations such as BSD and conceptual ones such as Linux.	The Art of Unix Programming	Eric S. Raymond
author	The Reluctant Journal of Henry K. Larsen is a young adult novel by Canadian author Susin Nielsen, first published in 2012.	The Reluctant Journal of Henry K. Larsen	Susin Nielsen
author	Some Gorgeous Accident (1967) was James Kennaway's fifth novel and the last to be published during his lifetime.	Some Gorgeous Accident	James Kennaway
author	Doctor Sax (Doctor Sax: Faust Part Three) is a novel by Jack Kerouac published in 1959.	Doctor Sax	Jack Kerouac
author	They Fly at Çiron is a 1993 science fiction novel by Samuel R. Delany, wholly rewritten and expanded from a novelette written in the 1960s.	They Fly at Çiron	Samuel R. Delany
author	Amongst Women is a novel by the Irish writer John McGahern (1934--2006).	Amongst Women	John McGahern
author	A Behanding in Spokane is a 2010 black comedy by award-winning Irish playwright Martin McDonagh.	A Behanding in Spokane	Martin McDonagh
author	The Wizard in the Woods is a 1990 children's fantasy book by Jean Ure and the first book of The Wizard trilogy.	The Wizard in the Woods	Jean Ure
author	The Ferguson Rifle (1971) is a novel set in early 19th-century America, written by Louis L'Amour.	The Ferguson Rifle	Louis L'Amour
author	Very Tricky, Alfie Atkins (Swedish: Aja baja, Alfons Åberg) is a 1973 children's book by Gunilla Bergström.	Very Tricky, Alfie Atkins	Gunilla Bergström
author	A Sunday at the Pool in Kigali (original French title: Un dimanche à la piscine à Kigali) is the first novel by Montreal author Gil Courtemanche, originally published in 2000.	A Sunday at the Pool in Kigali	Gil Courtemanche
author	The American Scene is a book of travel writing by Henry James about his trip through the United States in 1904-1905.	The American Scene	Henry James
author	The Philosopher's Pupil is a 1983 novel by the British writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch.	The Philosopher's Pupil	Iris Murdoch
author	Hunger und Seide is a book of essays (or, ``mixed prose'') by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller.	Hunger und Seide	Herta Müller
author	The Making of the English Landscape is a 1955 book by the English local historian William George Hoskins.	The Making of the English Landscape	William George Hoskins
author	The Silver Donkey is a young-adult fiction book written by Sonya Hartnett, set during World War I. The book traces the journey of an English soldier who deserts the war and comes across two young girls in the French countryside, Marcelle and Coco.	The Silver Donkey	Sonya Hartnett
author	The Symphony of Ages is a series of fantasy--romance books by Elizabeth Haydon.	Symphony of Ages	Elizabeth Haydon
author	Kalau Ta' Oentoeng (Perfected Spelling: Kalau Tak Untung, meaning If Fortune Does Not Favour) is a 1933 novel written by Sariamin Ismail under the pseudonym Selasih.	Kalau Tak Untung	Sariamin Ismail
author	The Fire-Eaters is an award winning children's novel by David Almond, published in 2003.	The Fire-Eaters	David Almond
author	The Best and the Brightest (1972) is an account by journalist David Halberstam of the origins of the Vietnam War published by Random House.	The Best and the Brightest	David Halberstam
author	La Sainte Courtisane (pronounced: (la sɛ̃t kuʁ.ti.zan), French for ``The Holy Courtesan'') is an unfinished play by Oscar Wilde written in 1894.	La Sainte Courtisane	Oscar Wilde
author	Archer's Goon is a 1984 fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones both for the young adult and adult markets.	Archer's Goon	Diana Wynne Jones
author	The Snowfall Trilogy is a series of three fantasy novels written by Mitchell Smith.	Snowfall Trilogy	Mitchell Smith
author	The Train Has Reached Amritsar (Hindi original: Amritsar Aa Gaya Hai) is a short story by Hindi author and playwright, Bhisham Sahni set during the Partition of India.	The Train Has Reached Amritsar	Bhisham Sahni
author	On the Malice of Herodotus or On the Malignity of Herodotus (Greek: Περὶ τῆς Ἡροδότου κακοηθείας) is an essay by Plutarch criticizing the historian Herodotus for all manner of prejudice and misrepresentation in Histories.	On the Malice of Herodotus	Plutarch
author	The Oak and the Calf, subtitled Sketches of Literary Life in the Soviet Union, is a memoir by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn about his attempts to publish work in his own country.	The Oak and the Calf	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
author	The Benevolent Frog or The Frog and the Lion Fairy is a French literary fairy tale, written by Madame d'Aulnoy.	The Benevolent Frog	Madame d'Aulnoy
author	Propeller Island (French: L'Île à hélice) (also published as The Floating Island, or The Pearl of the Pacific) is a science fiction novel by French author Jules Verne (1828--1905).	Propeller Island	Jules Verne
author	``Markheim'' is a short story by Robert Louis Stevenson, originally prepared for the Pall Mall Gazette in 1884, but published in 1885 in The Broken Shaft:	Markheim	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	The Miser's Daughter is a novel by William Harrison Ainsworth serially published in 1842.	The Miser's Daughter	William Harrison Ainsworth
author	The Six Messiahs is a 1995 novel by Mark Frost, a sequel to The List of Seven.	The Six Messiahs	Mark Frost
author	Byzantium Endures (1981) is a novel by Michael Moorcock.	Byzantium Endures	Michael Moorcock
author	The Goblin Gate (2010) is a young adult fantasy novel by Hilari Bell, a sequel to her novel The Goblin Wood.	The Goblin Gate	Hilari Bell
author	``The Forgotten Enemy'' is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke that appeared in the science fiction magazine New Worlds, in August 1949.	The Forgotten Enemy	Arthur C. Clarke
author	``Go On Girl'' is a song written by Ne-Yo, Tor Erik Hermansen, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Espen Lind and Amund Bjørklund, for Ne-Yo's second studio album Because of You.	Go On Girl	Ne-Yo
author	Life on the Lagoons, which deals with the history and topography of the watery area around the city of Venice, is the first book by the Scottish historian Horatio Brown.	Life on the Lagoons	Horatio Brown
author	Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship (German: Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre) is the second novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, published in 1795--96.	Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
author	``The Thing on the Doorstep'' is a short story written by H. P. Lovecraft, part of the Cthulhu Mythos universe of horror fiction.	The Thing on the Doorstep	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Treachery in Death by Nora Roberts writing as J.D. Robb is the thirty-second book in the In Death series.	Treachery in Death	Nora Roberts
author	The Persian Boy is a 1972 historical novel written by Mary Renault and narrated by Bagoas, a young Persian from an aristocratic family who is captured by his father's enemies, castrated, and sold as a slave to the king Darius III, who makes him his favorite.	The Persian Boy	Mary Renault
author	``Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius'' is a short story by the 20th century Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges.	Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius	Jorge Luis Borges
author	The Skriker is a 1994 play by Caryl Churchill that tells the story of an ancient fairy who, during the course of the play, transforms into a plethora of objects and people as it pursues Lily and Josie, two teenage mothers whom it befriends, manipulates, seduces and entraps.	The Skriker	Caryl Churchill
author	A Warning to the Curious and Other Ghost Stories is the title of M. R. James' fourth and final collection of ghost stories, published in 1925.	A Warning to the Curious and Other Ghost Stories	M. R. James
author	Fromont jeune et Risler aîné (1874; English: Fromont Junior and Risler Senior or Fromont and Risler or Sidonie) is a novel by French author Alphonse Daudet.	Fromont and Risler	Alphonse Daudet
author	Prayers for Rain is a crime novel written by Dennis Lehane, published in 1999.	Prayers for Rain	Dennis Lehane
author	Elizabeth and Her German Garden is a novel by Elizabeth von Arnim, first published in 1898; it was very popular and frequently reprinted during the early years of the 20th century.	Elizabeth and Her German Garden	Elizabeth von Arnim
author	The Zookeeper's Wife is a non-fiction book written by the poet and naturalist Diane Ackerman.	The Zookeeper's Wife	Diane Ackerman
author	The Green Odyssey is an American science fiction novel written by Philip José Farmer.	The Green Odyssey	Philip José Farmer
author	The Spanish Gardener is a 1950 novel by A. J. Cronin which tells the story of an American consul, Harrington Brande, who is posted to San Jorge on the Costa Brava, Spain with his young son Nicholas.	The Spanish Gardener	A. J. Cronin
author	LoveMusik is a musical written by Alfred Uhry, using a selection of music by Kurt Weill.	LoveMusik	Alfred Uhry
author	Relief of Fevers (Armenian: Ջերմանց Մխիտարություն, Jermants Mkhitarutiun) is an encyclopedic study written by medieval Armenian physician Mkhitar Heratsi in 1184, which has survived in full to our days.	Relief of Fevers	Mkhitar Heratsi
author	The Governess, or The Little Female Academy (published 1749) by Sarah Fielding is the first full-length novel written for children, and a significant work of 18th-century children's literature.	The Governess, or The Little Female Academy	Sarah Fielding
author	The Key to Theosophy is an 1889 book by Helena Blavatsky, expounding the principles of theosophy in a readable question-and-answer manner.	The Key to Theosophy	Helena Blavatsky
author	The School for Wives (French: L'école des femmes; pronounced: (lekɔl de fam)) is a theatrical comedy written by the seventeenth century French playwright Molière and considered by some critics to be one of his finest achievements.	The School for Wives	Molière
author	The Solar Electricity Handbook is a yearbook written by eco-technology author Michael Boxwell.	Solar Electricity Handbook	Michael Boxwell
author	Thirteen Moons is an historical novel published in October 2006 by American author Charles Frazier, his second book after the award-winning Cold Mountain.	Thirteen Moons	Charles Frazier
author	Empire Star is a 1966 science fiction novella by Samuel R. Delany.	Empire Star	Samuel R. Delany
author	Professor Shonku is a fictional scientist created by Satyajit Ray in a series of Bengali science fiction books.	Professor Shonku	Satyajit Ray
author	The Worms of Kukumlima is a humorous book written by Daniel Pinkwater for all ages and first published in 1981.	The Worms of Kukumlima	Daniel Pinkwater
author	Jar of Fools is a once-weekly comic strip by Jason Lutes that was compiled, first into a two-part anthology, and then a graphic novel.	Jar of Fools	Jason Lutes
author	Again to Carthage is a novel by American author John L. Parker Jr. initially published April 1, 2008.	Again to Carthage	John L. Parker
author	L'Europe buissonnière is a 1949 novel by the French writer Antoine Blondin.	L'Europe buissonnière	Antoine Blondin
author	Death Is a Lonely Business is a mystery novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1985.	Death Is a Lonely Business	Ray Bradbury
author	Watch Your Mouth is a novel by American writer Daniel Handler.	Watch Your Mouth	Daniel Handler
author	Incarceron (2007) is a young-adult fantasy and science fiction novel written by Catherine Fisher that was first released on May 3, 2007.	Incarceron	Catherine Fisher
author	The Swan Book is the third novel by the Indigenous Australian author Alexis Wright.	The Swan Book	Alexis Wright
author	``Pigeons from Hell'' is a short story by Robert E. Howard written in late 1934 and published posthumously by Weird Tales in 1938.	Pigeons from Hell	Robert E. Howard
author	Byzantium after Byzantium (Bizanţ după Bizanţ in Romanian; Byzance après Byzance in French) is a 1935 book by the Romanian historian Nicolae Iorga, which gave its name to a national cultural movement.	Byzantium after Byzantium	Nicolae Iorga
author	The Living Reed is an historical novel by Pearl S. Buck in which life in Korea, from the latter part of the nineteenth century to the end of the Second World War, is described through the viewpoints and lives of several members of four generations of a prominent aristocratic family.	The Living Reed	Pearl S. Buck
author	The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate is a fantasy novelette by Ted Chiang originally published in 2007 by Subterranean Press and reprinted in the September 2007 issue of Fantasy & Science Fiction.	The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate	Ted Chiang
author	The Banishment of Cicero is a 1761 tragedy play by the British writer Richard Cumberland.	The Banishment of Cicero	Richard Cumberland
author	True Monster Stories, written by Terry Deary, is the first of the non-fiction True Stories Series of books.	True Monster Stories	Terry Deary
author	The book La sonrisa etrusca (``The Etruscan Smile'') originally written in Spanish was written by the Spanish economist and writer José Luis Sampedro in 1985.	La sonrisa etrusca	José Luis Sampedro
author	Imperial Earth is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke, and published in time for the U.S. bicentennial in 1976 by Ballantine Books.	Imperial Earth	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Vita Karoli Magni (Life of Charles the Great) is a biography of Charlemagne, King of the Franks and Holy Roman Emperor, written by Einhard.	Vita Karoli Magni	Einhard
author	A Singular Man is a 1963 novel by J. P. Donleavy.	A Singular Man	J. P. Donleavy
author	The Book of Predictions was a book published in 1980 and written by David Wallechinsky, Amy Wallace, and Irving Wallace, the authors of The Book of Lists.	The Book of Predictions	David Wallechinsky
author	The Coming of Conan is a collection of eight fantasy short stories by American writer Robert E. Howard, featuring his sword and sorcery heroes Kull and Conan the Barbarian, together with the first part of his pseudo-history of the ``Hyborian Age'' in which the Conan tales were set.	The Coming of Conan	Robert E. Howard
author	Peter Schlemihl is the title character of an 1814 novella, Peter Schlemihls wundersame Geschichte (Peter Schlemihl's Miraculous Story), written in German by exiled French aristocrat Adelbert von Chamisso.	Peter Schlemihl	Adelbert von Chamisso
author	The Souls of Black Folk is a classic work of American literature by W. E. B. Du Bois.	The Souls of Black Folk	W. E. B. Du Bois
author	Centesimus annus (Latin for ``hundredth year'') is an encyclical which was written by Pope John Paul II in 1991 on the hundredth anniversary of Rerum novarum, an encyclical issued by Pope Leo XIII in 1891.	Centesimus annus	John Paul II
author	The Voyage to Icaria (Voyage en Icarie) is a novel written by Étienne Cabet published in 1840.	The Voyage to Icaria	Étienne Cabet
author	Un roi sans divertissement (``a king without distraction'') is a 1947 novel by the French writer Jean Giono.	Un roi sans divertissement	Jean Giono
author	The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a British children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter that follows mischievous and disobedient young Peter Rabbit as he is chased about the garden of Mr. McGregor.	The Tale of Peter Rabbit	Beatrix Potter
author	Thunder and Lightnings is a realistic children's novel by Jan Mark, published in 1976 by Kestrel Books of Harmondsworth, London, with illustrations by Jim Russell.	Thunder and Lightnings	Jan Mark
author	The Apocolocyntosis (divi) Claudii, literally The Gourdification of (the Divine) Claudius, is a political satire on the Roman emperor Claudius, probably written by Seneca the Younger.	Apocolocyntosis	Seneca
author	Footfall is a 1985 science fiction novel written by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle.	Footfall	Larry Niven	Jerry Pournelle
author	The Old English Baron is an early Gothic novel by the English author Clara Reeve.	The Old English Baron	Clara Reeve
author	The Warlock in Spite of Himself is a science fantasy novel by American author Christopher Stasheff, published in 1969.	The Warlock in Spite of Himself	Christopher Stasheff
author	The Castle in the Forest is the last novel by writer Norman Mailer, published in the year of his death, 2007.	The Castle in the Forest	Norman Mailer
author	A Kingdom of Dreams is a 1989 New York Times Bestselling historical romance novel written by American author Judith McNaught.	A Kingdom of Dreams	Judith McNaught
author	Antony and Cleopatra is a tragedy by William Shakespeare.	Antony and Cleopatra	William Shakespeare
author	The Lucifer Principle book by Howard Bloom, sees social groups, not individuals, as the primary ``unit of selection,'' on genes and human psychological development.	The Lucifer Principle	Howard Bloom
author	Faith of My Fathers is a 1999 bestselling non-fiction book by United States Senator John McCain with Mark Salter.	Faith of My Fathers	John McCain	Mark Salter
author	Arabian Nights and Days (1979) is a novel by Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz, winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature.	Arabian Nights and Days	Naguib Mahfouz
author	Danger on Midnight River is the sixth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen.	Danger on Midnight River	Gary Paulsen
author	Peter Pan; or, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up or Peter and Wendy is J. M. Barrie's most famous work, in the form of a 1904 play and a 1911 novel.	Peter and Wendy	J. M. Barrie
author	La inocencia castigada (English: Innocence Punished) is a Spanish language novel by María de Zayas y Sotomayor, from the collection Desengaños amorosos (English: Amorous Disenchantments).	La inocencia castigada	María de Zayas
author	The Unsex'd Females, a Poem (1798), by Richard Polwhele, is a polemical intervention into the public debates over the role of women at the end of the 18th century.	The Unsex'd Females	Richard Polwhele
author	The Restless Supermarket is a novel by Croatian-South African author Ivan Vladislavic, which tracks the changes in Hillbrow, Johannesburg, during the 1990s, through the eyes of a grumpy, retired proof-reader who spends his life in one café.	The Restless Supermarket	Ivan Vladislavic
author	The Honor of the Queen is David Weber's second Honor Harrington novel.	The Honor of the Queen	David Weber
author	Blue Nights is a memoir written by Joan Didion first published in 2011.	Blue Nights	Joan Didion
author	Trusted Like the Fox is a 1948 thriller novel written by British author James Hadley Chase.	Trusted Like the Fox	James Hadley Chase
author	``Scanners Live in Vain'' is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith (pen name of Paul Linebarger), set in his Instrumentality of Mankind future history.	Scanners Live in Vain	Cordwainer Smith
author	The Spinal Cord Perception is the first novel by Joshua S. Porter, better known by his stage name Josh Dies, the singer/songwriter for the band Showbread.	The Spinal Cord Perception	Josh Dies
author	Two Riders of the Storm (French: Deux cavaliers de l'orage) is a 1965 novel by the French writer Jean Giono.	Two Riders of the Storm	Jean Giono
author	Men of Maize (Spanish: Hombres de maíz) is a 1949 novel by Guatemalan Nobel Prize in Literature winner Miguel Ángel Asturias.	Men of Maize	Miguel Ángel Asturias
author	The Partly Cloudy Patriot is a book published in 2002, and is a collection of essays about American history and the author's own reflections on such issues, by Sarah Vowell, a contributing editor for the WBEZ / Public Radio International program This American Life.	The Partly Cloudy Patriot	Sarah Vowell
author	From Atlantis to the Sphinx is a work of non-fiction by British author, Colin Wilson, with the subheading Recovering the Lost Wisdom of the Ancient World.	From Atlantis to the Sphinx	Colin Wilson
author	The Twyborn Affair is a novel by Australian Nobel laureate Patrick White, first published in 1979.	The Twyborn Affair	Patrick White
author	An Englishman Looks at the World is a 1914 essay collection by H. G. Wells containing journalistic pieces written between 1909 and 1914.	An Englishman Looks at the World	H. G. Wells
author	``The Frog Prince; or, Iron Henry'' (German: Der Froschkönig oder der eiserne Heinrich, literally ``The Frog King; or, The Iron Heinrich'') is a fairy tale, best known through the Brothers Grimm's written version; traditionally it is the first story in their collection.	The Frog Prince	Brothers Grimm
author	Russian Beauty is a novel written by Russian author Victor Erofeyev.	Russian Beauty	Victor Erofeyev
author	The Golovlyov Family (Gospoda Golovlyovy, Господа Головлёвы) is a novel by Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin, written in the course of five years, first published in 1880 by Alexey Suvorin's publishing house, and generally regarded as the author's magnum opus.	The Golovlyov Family	Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin
author	Philosophy in the Tragic Age of the Greeks (German: Philosophie im tragischen Zeitalter der Griechen) is an incomplete book by Friedrich Nietzsche.	Philosophy in the Tragic Age of the Greeks	Friedrich Nietzsche
author	All the Myriad Ways is a collection of 14 short stories and essays by science fiction author Larry Niven, originally published in 1971.	All the Myriad Ways	Larry Niven
author	The Trickster of Liberty is a 1988 novel by Gerald Vizenor that acts as a prequel to his earlier novels Bearheart:	The Trickster of Liberty	Gerald Vizenor
author	The Sea Dragon Heir is a fantasy novel written by Storm Constantine first published in 2001.	Sea Dragon Heir	Storm Constantine
author	The Omen Machine is Terry Goodkind's 12th novel, and the first in a new series about Richard and Kahlan.	The Omen Machine	Terry Goodkind
author	When She Woke is the second novel by American author Hillary Jordan, published in October 2011.	When She Woke	Hillary Jordan
author	Rich Like Us is a historical and political fiction novel by Nayantara Sahgal.	Rich Like Us	Nayantara Sahgal
author	The Great Wheel is Robert Lawson's final children's book, published in 1957, the year of his death.	The Great Wheel	Robert Lawson
author	The Green and the Gray is a 2004 novel by Timothy Zahn, author of numerous works, including the Star Wars expanded universe trilogy Heir to the Empire.	The Green and the Gray	Timothy Zahn
author	The Faithful Spy is a novel by New York Times reporter Alex Berenson.	The Faithful Spy	Alex Berenson
author	The Half-Made World is a 2010 steampunk fantasy novel by Felix Gilman.	The Half-Made World	Felix Gilman
author	Schleicher's fable (avis akvāsas ka) is an artificial text composed in the reconstructed language Proto-Indo-European (PIE) published by August Schleicher in 1868.	Schleicher's fable	August Schleicher
author	A Good Hanging and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by crime writer Ian Rankin.	A Good Hanging and Other Stories	Ian Rankin
author	Les Fiançailles de M. Hire (Monsieur Hire's Engagement) is the title of a short novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon.	Les Fiançailles de M. Hire	Georges Simenon
author	Final Diagnosis is a 1997 science fiction novel by author James White and is part of the Sector General series.	Final Diagnosis	James White
author	Engleby is a novel by the author Sebastian Faulks.	Engleby	Sebastian Faulks
author	Christ in Concrete is a 1939 novel by Pietro di Donato about Italian-American construction workers.	Christ in Concrete	Pietro di Donato
author	The Last Parable is a 1953 novel by Alec Coppel about the life and times of a judge.	The Last Parable	Alec Coppel
author	``The Grain'', sometimes also translated as A Grain as Big as a Hen's Egg, is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy written in 1886.	The Grain	Leo Tolstoy
author	The Secret of Terror Castle is an American juvenile detective novel written by Robert Arthur, Jr..	The Secret of Terror Castle	Robert Arthur
author	The Naval War of 1812 is Theodore Roosevelt's first book, published in 1882.	The Naval War of 1812	Theodore Roosevelt
author	Knowing God is a book by the British-born Canadian Christian theologian J. I. Packer, and is his best-known work, having sold over 1,000,000 copies in North America alone.	Knowing God	J. I. Packer
author	The Labyrinth Key is a science fiction novel by Howard V. Hendrix first published in 2004.	The Labyrinth Key	Howard V. Hendrix
author	Eighty Years of Book Cover Design is a 2009 book by Joseph Connolly published by Faber and Faber.	Eighty Years of Book Cover Design	Joseph Connolly
author	May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso (Heartless Love) was a 1921 Tagalog-language novel written by renowned Filipino poet, journalist, and novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado.	May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso	Iñigo Ed. Regalado
author	Sons of Mississippi is a book by Paul Hendrickson about sheriffs in Mississippi.	Sons of Mississippi	Paul Hendrickson
author	Beggarman, Thief is a 1977 novel written by Irwin Shaw.	Beggarman, Thief	Irwin Shaw
author	The Mind of the Maker (1941) is a Christian theological book, written by Dorothy L. Sayers (who was better known for her crime and mystery novels and other fiction, particularly for the character Lord Peter Wimsey).	The Mind of the Maker	Dorothy L. Sayers
author	Common Lisp the Language is an influential reference book by Guy L. Steele about Common Lisp.	Common Lisp the Language	Guy L. Steele
author	Chorus Skating (1994) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster.	Chorus Skating	Alan Dean Foster
author	The Valley of Kashmir (1895) is a travel book by the English writer Sir Walter Roper Lawrence.	The Valley of Kashmir	Sir Walter Roper Lawrence
author	Right Where It Hurts is a 2001 children's book written by New Zealand author David Hill.	Right Where It Hurts	David Hill
author	The Kingkiller Chronicle is a fantasy trilogy by Patrick Rothfuss, telling the autobiography of Kvothe, an adventurer and famous musician.	The Kingkiller Chronicle	Patrick Rothfuss
author	The Beautiful Boy (or just The Boy) is a book, ISBN 0-8478-2586-8, by Germaine Greer, published in 2003.	The Beautiful Boy	Germaine Greer
author	The Chrysalids (United States title: Re-Birth) is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham, first published in 1955 by Michael Joseph.	The Chrysalids	John Wyndham
author	Doktor Sleepless is a monthly comic book series written by Warren Ellis with art by Ivan Rodriguez that is published by Avatar Press, launched in July 2007.	Doktor Sleepless	Warren Ellis
author	Beyond the Blue Event Horizon is a science fiction novel by the American writer Frederik Pohl, a sequel to his 1977 novel Gateway and the second book in the Heechee series.	Beyond the Blue Event Horizon	Frederik Pohl
author	Master of Heavenly Beauty (Slovene: Mojster nebeške lepote) is a novel by Slovenian author Ivan Sivec.	Master of Heavenly Beauty	Ivan Sivec
author	The Toff on the Farm is a 1958 mystery novel by John Creasey featuring his character the Honourable Richard Rollison, aka 'The Toff'.	The Toff on the Farm	John Creasey
author	The Sarantine Mosaic is a historical fantasy duology by Guy Gavriel Kay, comprising Sailing to Sarantium and Lord of Emperors.	The Sarantine Mosaic	Guy Gavriel Kay
author	So Disdained is the second published novel by British author, Nevil Shute (N.S. Norway).	So Disdained	Nevil Shute
author	England, Their England (1933) is an affectionately satirical comic novel of 1920s English urban and rural society by the Scottish writer A. G. Macdonell.	England, Their England	A. G. Macdonell
author	The Door into Summer is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein, originally serialized in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (October, November, December 1956, with covers and interior illustrations by Frank Kelly Freas) and published in hardcover in 1957.	The Door into Summer	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Borderliners is the English translation of De måske egnede, a novel written by Danish author Peter Høeg in 1993.	Borderliners	Peter Høeg
author	Eight Fantasms and Magics is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Jack Vance.	Eight Fantasms and Magics	Jack Vance
author	Matthew Flinders' Cat is a 2002 novel by Bryce Courtenay (ISBN 0670910619).	Matthew Flinders' Cat	Bryce Courtenay
author	Friends, Lovers, Chocolate is the second of the Sunday Philosophy Club series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith, set in Edinburgh, Scotland, and featuring the protagonist Isabel Dalhousie.	Friends, Lovers, Chocolate	Alexander McCall Smith
author	Lanfeust of Troy is a long-running French language comic series written by Christophe Arleston, drawn by Didier Tarquin, and published by Soleil Productions.	Lanfeust of Troy	Christophe Arleston
author	Wondrous Strange a teen fantasy novel and the first book by author Lesley Livingston.	Wondrous Strange	Lesley Livingston
author	Thirteen Reasons Why (stylized as TH1RTEEN R3ASONS WHY) is a 2007 young-adult fiction novel written by Jay Asher.	Thirteen Reasons Why	Jay Asher
author	Les Filles du feu (English: The Daughters of Fire) is a collection of short prose works, poetry, and a play published by the French poet Gérard de Nerval in January 1854, a year before his death.	Les Filles du feu	Gérard de Nerval
author	To Make My Bread is a novel written by Grace Lumpkin about the Loray Mill Strike.	To Make My Bread	Grace Lumpkin
author	Dead Air is a Scottish novel by Iain Banks, published in 2002.	Dead Air	Iain Banks
author	An Béal Bocht (Irish: The Poor Mouth) is a 1941 novel in Irish by Brian O'Nolan (Flann O'Brien), published under the pseudonym ``Myles na gCopaleen''.	An Béal Bocht	Brian O'Nolan
author	Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon (French: La Jangada - Huit Cents lieues sur l'Amazone) is a novel by Jules Verne, published in 1881.	Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon	Jules Verne
author	Summer Sisters (ISBN 0-385-32405-7) is a 1998 novel by Judy Blume.	Summer Sisters	Judy Blume
author	Penrod is a collection of comic sketches by Booth Tarkington that was first published in 1914.	Penrod	Booth Tarkington
author	Pupu Tupuna is a series of Finnish children's books by the Finnish author Pirkko Koskimies.	Pupu Tupuna	Pirkko Koskimies
author	The Cry of the Owl is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith, the eighth of her 22 novels.	The Cry of the Owl	Patricia Highsmith
author	Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy is a young adult historical novel by Gary D. Schmidt, published by Clarion Books in 2004.	Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy	Gary D. Schmidt
author	Jubilate Agno (Latin: ``Rejoice in the Lamb'') is a religious poem by Christopher Smart, and was written between 1759 and 1763, during Smart's confinement for insanity in St. Luke's Hospital, Bethnal Green, London.	Jubilate Agno	Christopher Smart
author	The Waves, first published in 1931, is Virginia Woolf's most experimental novel.	The Waves	Virginia Woolf
author	The Understory is the debut novel by American author Pamela Erens published in 2007 by Ironweed Press, and republished in 2014 by Tin House books following the success of her second novel, The Virgins.	The Understory	Pamela Erens
author	David Golder is writer Irène Némirovsky's first novel.	David Golder	Irène Némirovsky
author	Zathura is an illustrated children's book by the American author Chris Van Allsburg as well as the title of a 2005 film based on the book.	Zathura	Chris Van Allsburg
author	The Critique of Pure Reason (German: Kritik der reinen Vernunft, KrV, in original: Critik der reinen Vernunft) by Immanuel Kant, first published in 1781, second edition 1787, is one of the most influential works in the history of philosophy.	Critique of Pure Reason	Immanuel Kant
author	I Capture the Castle is the first novel by the British author Dodie Smith, written during the Second World War when she and her husband Alec Beesley (also British and a conscientious objector) were living in California.	I Capture the Castle	Dodie Smith
author	Death and the King's Horseman is a play by Wole Soyinka based on a real incident that took place in Nigeria during British colonial rule: the horseman of an important chief was prevented from committing ritual suicide by the colonial authorities.	Death and the King's Horseman	Wole Soyinka
author	Switch Bitch is a 1974 short story collection for adults by Roald Dahl.	Switch Bitch	Roald Dahl
author	Air Apparent is the thirty-first book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony, which was first mentioned in the ``Author's Note'' in Currant Events.	Air Apparent	Piers Anthony
author	Life of Pi is a Canadian fantasy adventure novel by Yann Martel published in 2001.	Life of Pi	Yann Martel
author	The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue is the first novel by the American writer Lester Goran.	The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue	Lester Goran
author	No. 6 is a nine-volume novel series written by Atsuko Asano and published by Kodansha between October 2003 and June 2011.	No. 6	Atsuko Asano
author	Cosmic Banditos is a 1986 novel by Allan Weisbecker, originally published by Vintage Books and reprinted in 2001 by NAL Trade Paperbacks.	Cosmic Banditos	Allan Weisbecker
author	Alas, Babylon is a 1959 novel by American writer Pat Frank (the pen name of Harry Hart Frank), with cover art for the Bantam paperback by Robert Hunt.	Alas, Babylon	Pat Frank
author	Richter 10 is a 1996 novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Mike McQuay.	Richter 10	Arthur C. Clarke	Mike McQuay
author	``The Dead Past'' is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov, first published in the April 1956 issue of Astounding Science Fiction.	The Dead Past	Isaac Asimov
author	Buy Me Blue Ribbons was a 1951 play by Australian writer Sumner Locke Elliott.	Buy Me Blue Ribbons	Sumner Locke Elliott
author	To Visit the Queen (1998) (titled On Her Majesty's Wizardly Service in the UK edition) is a fantasy steampunk novel by Diane Duane.	To Visit the Queen	Diane Duane
author	The Wire that Fenced the West is a book written by Henry D. and Frances T. McCallum and published in 1965 by the University of Oklahoma Press.	The Wire that Fenced the West	Frances T. McCallum
author	Where Have All the Leaders Gone? is a New York Times bestseller book by Lee Iacocca, the former CEO of Chrysler.	Where Have All the Leaders Gone?	Lee Iacocca
author	The Ready-Made Family is the seventh in the series of children's novels about the Marlow family by Antonia Forest, first published in 1967, and set in that period.	The Ready-Made Family	Antonia Forest
author	Encyclopedia of the Central Intelligence Agency is a 2003 book by W. Thomas Smith, Jr. It is an encyclopedic work on the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the only independent agency of the United States federal government that is tasked with intelligence-gathering.	Encyclopedia of the Central Intelligence Agency	W. Thomas Smith, Jr.
author	The Godfather Papers and Other Confessions is a collective autobiography written by Mario Puzo, on his journey through writing The Godfather.	The Godfather Papers and Other Confessions	Mario Puzo
author	The Midwich Cuckoos is a science fiction novel written by English author John Wyndham, published during 1957.	The Midwich Cuckoos	John Wyndham
author	Angst (novel) (Russian: Страх) is a 2001 ``erotic mysticism novel with a detective plot'' by Oleg Postnov --a work that transgresses the genres, and yet the critics discern a panoply of literary and philosophical influences in the novel.	Angst (novel)	Oleg Postnov
author	A Ghost in the Machine is a work of detective fiction by Caroline Graham, the seventh in her popular Chief Inspector Barnaby series, which has been adapted into the equally successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders.	A Ghost in the Machine	Caroline Graham
author	The Trouble with Islam Today, original title The Trouble with Islam is a 2004 book critical of Islam written by Irshad Manji, styled in an open-letter addressed to concerned citizens worldwide - Muslim or not.	The Trouble with Islam Today	Irshad Manji
author	Poison Study is a 2005 fantasy novel written by Maria V. Snyder and the first book in the Study series.	Poison Study	Maria V. Snyder
author	The Miseducation of Cameron Post is a coming-of-age teen novel by Emily M. Danforth published in 2012.	The Miseducation of Cameron Post	Emily M. Danforth
author	Jewels from the Moon and The Meteor That Couldn't Stay is a 1964 children's science fiction book written by Eleanor Cameron and illustrated by Vic Dowd.	Jewels from the Moon	Eleanor Cameron
author	Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim is a 2004 collection of 22 autobiographical essays by American humorist David Sedaris.	Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim	David Sedaris
author	The Tea Party Goes to Washington is a book by United States Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky.	The Tea Party Goes to Washington	Rand Paul
author	Galileo's Dream (2009) is a science fiction novel with elements of historical fiction written by author Kim Stanley Robinson.	Galileo's Dream	Kim Stanley Robinson
author	Mathilukal (Malayalam: മതിലുകൾ, meaning Walls) is a Malayalam novel written by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer in 1965.	Mathilukal	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
author	Hour Game is a crime fiction novel written by American writer David Baldacci.	Hour Game	David Baldacci
author	``An Outpost of Progress'' is a short story written in July 1897 by Joseph Conrad, drawing on his own experience at Congo.	An Outpost of Progress	Joseph Conrad
author	The Wolves of Midwinter is a 2013 novel written by gothic fiction novelist Anne Rice and is the second book in her series The Wolf Gift Chronicles.	The Wolves of Midwinter	Anne Rice
author	Across the Pathways of Space (Par les Chemins de l'Espace) is a collection of short stories in the French comic book (or bande dessinée) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean-Claude Mézières.	Across the Pathways of Space	Pierre Christin
author	Science, Liberty and Peace is an essay written by Aldous Huxley, published in 1946.	Science, Liberty and Peace	Aldous Huxley
author	Finn and Hengest is a study by J. R. R. Tolkien, edited by Alan Bliss and published posthumously in book form in 1982.	Finn and Hengest	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	``The Machine Stops'' is a science fiction short story (12,300 words) by E. M. Forster.	The Machine Stops	E. M. Forster
author	Four for Tomorrow is the first story collection by Roger Zelazny, published in paperback by Ace Books in 1967.	Four for Tomorrow	Roger Zelazny
author	``Wintertime Wager'' is a 10-page funny animal comic book story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks.	Wintertime Wager	Carl Barks
author	The Jamieson-Fausset-Brown Bible Commentary refers to a biblical commentary entitled a Commentary Critical and Explanatory on the Whole Bible, prepared by Robert Jamieson, Andrew Robert Fausset and David Brown and published in 1871; and derived works from this initial publication, in differing numbers of volumes and abridgements.	Jamieson-Fausset-Brown Bible Commentary	Robert Jamieson	David Brown
author	Benny Shaw is the protagonist of two children's literature novels by Irish author Eoin Colfer.	Benny Shaw	Eoin Colfer
author	Bite Club is a Vertigo comic book mini series created by writers Howard Chaykin and David Tischman.	Bite Club	David Tischman
author	The Burning Room is the 27th novel by American crime author Michael Connelly, and the seventeenth novel featuring Los Angeles Police Department detective Harry Bosch.	The Burning Room	Michael Connelly
author	The Fair Jilt: or, the Amours of Prince Tarquin and Miranda is a short story by Aphra Behn published in 1688.	The Fair Jilt	Aphra Behn
author	Quicken Forbidden was a comicbook title published by Cryptic Press, and created by writer Dave Roman and artist John Green.	Quicken Forbidden	Dave Roman
author	Cur Deus Homo? (Latin for ``Why was God a Man?''), usually translated Why God Became a Man, is a book written by St Anselm of Canterbury in which he proposed the satisfaction view of the atonement.	Cur Deus Homo	Anselm of Canterbury
author	Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister is a novel by Gregory Maguire, retelling the tale of Cinderella through the eyes of one of her ``ugly stepsisters''.	Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister	Gregory Maguire
author	The Devil's Tune is a novel by the Conservative Party politician Iain Duncan Smith, published in November 2003.	The Devil's Tune	Iain Duncan Smith
author	``A Forest Hymn'' is an 1824 poem written by William Cullen Bryant, which has been called one of Bryant's best poems, and ``one of the best nature poems of that age''.	A Forest Hymn	William Cullen Bryant
author	Storm Thief is a 2006 dystopian science-fiction novel written by Chris Wooding and published by Scholastic Books.	Storm Thief	Chris Wooding
author	A Contract with God and Other Tenement Stories is a graphic novel by American cartoonist Will Eisner published in 1978.	A Contract with God	Will Eisner
author	Hyenas: a Hap and Leonard Novella is a novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Hyenas: a Hap and Leonard Novella	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Nebula Winners Twelve is a 1978 anthology of short stories edited by Gordon R. Dickson.	Nebula Winners Twelve	Gordon R. Dickson
author	Billions of Entrepreneurs is a book by Harvard Business School professor, Tarun Khanna.	Billions of Entrepreneurs	Tarun Khanna
author	The 33 Strategies of War by Robert Greene is a ``guide to the subtle social game of everyday life informed by the ... military principles in war.''	The 33 Strategies of War	Robert Greene
author	Ich und Du, usually translated as I and Thou, is a book by Martin Buber, published in 1923, and first translated from German to English in 1937.	I and Thou	Martin Buber
author	Flare Path is a play by Terence Rattigan, written in 1941 and first staged in 1942.	Flare Path	Terence Rattigan
author	The Adventures of Leucippe and Clitophon (in Greek τὰ κατὰ Λευκίππην καὶ Kλειτoφῶντα), written by Achilles Tatius, is one of the five surviving Ancient Greek romances, notable for its many similarities to Longus' Daphnis and Chloe, and its apparent mild parodic nature.	Leucippe and Clitophon	Achilles Tatius
author	The Smell of Apples is a 1993 debut novel by South African Mark Behr, also published in the same year in Afrikaans as Die Reuk van Appels.	The Smell of Apples	Mark Behr
author	Der Sand aus den Urnen (in English, The Sand from the Urns), is a German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan, published in Vienna in 1948.	Der Sand aus den Urnen	Paul Celan
author	A Treatise on Crimes and Misdemeanours or Russell on Crime is a book originally written by William Oldnall Russell.	Russell on Crime	William Oldnall Russell
author	Progression of Animals (or On the Gait of Animals; Greek: Περὶ πορείας ζῴων; Latin: De incessu animalium) is a text by Aristotle on the details of gait and movement in various species of animals.	Progression of Animals	Aristotle
author	Planet of the Damned is a 1962 Hugo Award nominated novel by the American science fiction writer Harry Harrison.	Planet of the Damned	Harry Harrison
author	The Word for World Is Forest is a Hugo Award-winning science fiction novella by Ursula K. Le Guin, first published in 1972 in the anthology Again, Dangerous Visions and published as a separate book in 1976.	The Word for World Is Forest	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	Infinity Blues is a book of free verse poetry by singer-songwriter Ryan Adams, published by Akashic Books.	Infinity Blues	Ryan Adams
author	The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke is a verse novel by Australian novelist and poet C. J. Dennis.	The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke	C. J. Dennis
author	The Ghost Belonged to Me is a novel written for children by Richard Peck, author of Newbery Medal winning A Year Down Yonder.	The Ghost Belonged to Me	Richard Peck
author	Out of the Everywhere is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov.	Out of the Everywhere	Isaac Asimov
author	Spanish Testament is a 1937 book by Arthur Koestler, describing his experiences during the Spanish Civil War.	Spanish Testament	Arthur Koestler
author	Return from the Stars (Polish: Powrót z gwiazd) is a science fiction novel by Polish author Stanisław Lem.	Return from the Stars	Stanisław Lem
author	Betsey Brown is an African-American literature novel by Ntozake Shange, published in 1985.	Betsey Brown	Ntozake Shange
author	Colour Me English is a 2011 collection of essays by Caryl Phillips.	Colour Me English	Caryl Phillips
author	Lair of the Lion is a paranormal/romance written by American author Christine Feehan.	Lair of the Lion	Christine Feehan
author	Juegos de lectura en voz alta is an Argentine teacher's book by Luis Pescetti.	Juegos de lectura en voz alta	Luis Pescetti
author	Dark Side of the Morgue is the second of a series of original mystery/thrillers by former James Bond author Raymond Benson.	Dark Side of the Morgue	Raymond Benson
author	Amazons II is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Jessica Amanda Salmonson, with a cover by Michael Whelan.	Amazons II	Jessica Amanda Salmonson
author	The Adventures of Slim and Howdy is a 2008 novel by Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn (superstar duo Brooks & Dunn) and novelist Bill Fitzhugh.	The Adventures of Slim and Howdy	Kix Brooks	Ronnie Dunn
author	My Brief History is a memoir published in 2013 by the English physicist Stephen Hawking.	My Brief History	Stephen Hawking
author	``Do not go gentle into that good night'' is a poem in the form of a villanelle, and the most famous work of Welsh poet Dylan Thomas (1914--1953).	Do not go gentle into that good night	Dylan Thomas
author	The Long Revolution, by Raymond Williams, 1961.	The Long Revolution	Raymond Williams
author	The Shaggy Man of Oz (1949) is the thirty-eighth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors, and the second and last by Jack Snow.	The Shaggy Man of Oz	Jack Snow
author	Swordbird is a children's fantasy novel written by Nancy Yi Fan.	Swordbird	Nancy Yi Fan
author	The Plague Dogs is the third novel by Richard Adams, author of Watership Down, about two dogs who escape an animal testing facility and are subsequently pursued by both the government and the media.	The Plague Dogs	Richard Adams
author	Fantomerna (lit. The Phantoms) is the third novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren.	Fantomerna	Klas Östergren
author	Aag Ka Darya (River of Fire) is a novel written by Qurratulain Hyder in the context of an Indian subcontinent partition.	Aag Ka Darya	Qurratulain Hyder
author	The Oath is the English title of Le serment de Kolvillag, a novel by Elie Wiesel.	The Oath	Elie Wiesel
author	Old Rose and Silver is a novel by Myrtle Reed first published in 1909.	Old Rose and Silver	Myrtle Reed
author	All That Is Solid Melts into Air is an academic text written by Marshall Berman between 1971 and 1981, and published in New York in 1982.	All That Is Solid Melts into Air	Marshall Berman
author	The London Spy by Ned Ward (1660/67 - June 20, 1731) was a periodical about London life, later published as a book.	The London Spy	Ned Ward
author	Geschichte des osmanischen Reiches is a work by Austrian orientalist Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall.	Geschichte des osmanischen Reiches	Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall
author	The Grantville Gazettes are anthologies of short stories set in the 1632 universe introduced in Eric Flint's novel 1632.	The Grantville Gazettes	Eric Flint
author	The Suicide Shop (French: Le Magasin des suicides) is a 2006 black comedy novel by the French writer Jean Teulé.	The Suicide Shop	Jean Teulé
author	How It Is is a novel by Samuel Beckett first published in French as Comment c'est by Les Editions de Minuit in 1961.	How It Is	Samuel Beckett
author	Music on the Bamboo Radio is a novel written by Martin Booth that was first published in 1997.	Music on the Bamboo Radio	Martin Booth
author	The Betrayal of the American Right is a book by Murray Rothbard written in the early 1970s and published by the Ludwig von Mises Institute in 2007.	The Betrayal of the American Right	Murray Rothbard
author	``A Defence of Poetry'' is an essay by the English poet Percy Bysshe Shelley, written in 1821 and first published posthumously in 1840 in Essays, Letters from Abroad, Translations and Fragments by Edward Moxon in London.	A Defence of Poetry	Percy Bysshe Shelley
author	My Glorious Brothers is a historical novel by the Jewish American novelist Howard Fast, depicting the 167 BC Maccabeean revolt against the Greek-Seleucid Empire.	My Glorious Brothers	Howard Fast
author	Pig Heart Boy is a children's novel by Malorie Blackman which was first published in 1997.	Pig Heart Boy	Malorie Blackman
author	Mysooru Mallige (1942) is a literary work of Kannada poet, K. S. Narasimhaswamy.	Mysooru Mallige	K. S. Narasimhaswamy
author	Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls is a book was written by Lawrence Schiffman, published in 1994 by Doubleday, as part of the Anchor Research Library.	Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls	Lawrence Schiffman
author	The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test is a nonfiction book by Tom Wolfe that was published in 1968.	The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test	Tom Wolfe
author	Coots in the North is the name given by Arthur Ransome's biographer, Hugh Brogan, to an incomplete Swallows and Amazons novel found in Ransome's papers.	Coots in the North	Arthur Ransome
author	The Public and its Problems is a 1927 book by American philosopher John Dewey.	The Public and its Problems	John Dewey
author	The Whispered Secret, previously published as Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven, a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert, Oklahoma, and Winter Frore, a neglected girl, as they seek to bring Geth back to his former state.	Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret	Obert Skye
author	The Carrie Diaries is a young-adult novel, the first in a series of the same name by American author Candace Bushnell.	The Carrie Diaries	Candace Bushnell
author	The Werewolf of Paris (1933) is a horror novel as well as a work of historical fiction by Guy Endore.	The Werewolf of Paris	Guy Endore
author	Back When We Were Grownups is a 2001 novel written by Anne Tyler in memory of her husband, who died in 1997.	Back When We Were Grownups	Anne Tyler
author	The Book of Fixed Stars (Arabic: كتاب صور الكواكب‎ kitab suwar al-kawakib) is an astronomical text written by Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi (Azophi) around 964.	Book of Fixed Stars	Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi
author	If I Stay is a young adult novel by Gayle Forman published in 2009.	If I Stay	Gayle Forman
author	The Curious Savage, written by John Patrick, is a comedic play about Ethel P. Savage, an elderly woman whose husband recently died and left her approximately ten million dollars.	The Curious Savage	John Patrick
author	Where the Rivers Flow North is a novel written in 1978 by Howard Frank Mosher.	Where the Rivers Flow North	Howard Frank Mosher
author	Roma Sub Rosa is the title of the series of historical mystery novels by Steven Saylor set in ancient Rome and populated by noteworthy denizens thereof.	Roma Sub Rosa	Steven Saylor
author	What the Buddha Taught, by Dr Walpola Rahula, has been regarded as an important introductory book on Buddhism.	What the Buddha Taught	Walpola Rahula
author	Twenties Girl is a 2009 book by Sophie Kinsella (pen name of Madeline Wickham).	Twenties Girl	Sophie Kinsella
author	The Circus of Dr. Lao and Other Improbable Stories was an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Ray Bradbury and published in 1956.	The Circus of Dr. Lao and Other Improbable Stories	Ray Bradbury
author	The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman, published in the United States as The War of Dreams, is a 1972 novel by Angela Carter.	The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman	Angela Carter
author	A Death in the Family is an autobiographical novel by author James Agee, set in Knoxville, Tennessee.	A Death in the Family	James Agee
author	You Bright and Risen Angels is a 1987 novel by William T. Vollmann, detailing a fictional war between insects and the forces of modern civilization.	You Bright and Risen Angels	William T. Vollmann
author	Jackdaws is a World War II spy thriller written by British novelist Ken Follett.	Jackdaws	Ken Follett
author	``Redemption Cairn'' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum that first appeared in the March 1936 issue of Astounding Stories.	Redemption Cairn	Stanley G. Weinbaum
author	Rokovnjači (The Bandits)is a novel by Slovenian author Josip Jurčič.	Rokovnjači	Josip Jurčič
author	The Botticelli Secret is a 2010 historical-mystery-detective novel written by Marina Fiorato in the vein of code adventures such as The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown.	The Botticelli Secret	Marina Fiorato
author	Sacerdotalis caelibatus (Latin for ``Of priestly celibacy'') is an encyclical written by Pope Paul VI.	Sacerdotalis caelibatus	Paul VI
author	Puckoon is a comic novel by Spike Milligan, first published in 1963.	Puckoon	Spike Milligan
author	Mayyazhippuzhayude Theerangalil (On the Banks of the River Mayyazhi) is a Malayalam language novel by M. Mukundan.	Mayyazhippuzhayude Theerangalil	M. Mukundan
author	Rodinsky's Room (ISBN 1862072574) is a non-fiction book by the British authors Rachel Lichtenstein and Iain Sinclair, first published by Granta Books in 1999.	Rodinsky's Room	Iain Sinclair
author	``Distant Replay'' is a magic realism/slipstream short story published in 2007 by Mike Resnick.	Distant Replay	Mike Resnick
author	Uphill Climb is a 1987 short story written by Canadian Science Fiction Author Robert J. Sawyer.	Uphill Climb	Robert J. Sawyer
author	Andha Yug (Hindi: अंधा युग, The Age of Blindness or The Blind Age) is a 1954 verse play written in Hindi, by renowned novelist, poet, and playwright Dharamvir Bharati (1926-1997).	Andha Yug	Dharamvir Bharati
author	Nemodlenec (Czech for ``not praying man'') is a Czech novel, written by Karolina Světlá.	Nemodlenec	Karolina Světlá
author	Peter and the Starcatcher is a play based on the 2006 novel of a similar name by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson, adapted for the stage by Rick Elice.	Peter and the Starcatcher	Rick Elice
author	Religio Medici (The Religion of a Doctor) by Sir Thomas Browne is a spiritual testament and an early psychological self-portrait.	Religio Medici	Thomas Browne
author	The Last Hero is a short novel, the twenty-seventh of the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett.	The Last Hero	Terry Pratchett
author	How to Lie with Statistics is a book written by Darrell Huff in 1954 presenting an introduction to statistics for the general reader.	How to Lie with Statistics	Darrell Huff
author	Drew Hayes Poison Elves #1 (March 2013) picks up almost precisely at the cliffhanger point where Drew (Hayes) left it at the end of issue #79 from Sirius..	Poison Elves	Drew (Hayes
author	Even the Stars Look Lonesome (1997) is African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou's second book of essays, published during the long period between her fifth and sixth autobiographies, All God's Children Need Traveling Shoes (1986) and A Song Flung Up to Heaven (2002).	Even the Stars Look Lonesome	Maya Angelou
author	The Werewolf of Ponkert is a collection of two horror short stories by H. Warner Munn.	The Werewolf of Ponkert	H. Warner Munn
author	Murder on Mars is a juvenile science fiction novel, the sixteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series.	Murder on Mars	Hugh Walters
author	Roma Eterna is a 2003 novel by Robert Silverberg which presents an alternative history in which the Roman Empire survives to the present day.	Roma Eterna	Robert Silverberg
author	The Interpretation of Dreams (German: Die Traumdeutung) is a book by psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud.	The Interpretation of Dreams	Sigmund Freud
author	The Seven Sisters was written by Ed Greenwood, and published by TSR, Inc. as a 128-page book.	The Seven Sisters	Ed Greenwood
author	Fear Nothing is a novel released in 1998 by the best-selling author Dean Koontz.	Fear Nothing	Dean Koontz
author	The Century for Young People is a non-fiction history book written by Peter Jennings and Todd Brewster.	The Century for Young People	Peter Jennings	Todd Brewster
author	On Aggression (German: Das sogenannte Böse zur Naturgeschichte der Aggression) is a 1963 book by the ethologist Konrad Lorenz; it was translated into English in 1966.	On Aggression	Konrad Lorenz
author	The Armageddon Rag is a mystery-fantasy novel by American bestselling author George R. R. Martin, first co-published in 1983 in hardcover by both Poseidon Press and The Nemo Press.	The Armageddon Rag	George R. R. Martin
author	Der Neinsager ('He Said No') - like its companion piece Der Jasager ('He Said Yes') - is a Lehrstück by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht.	Der Neinsager	Bertolt Brecht
author	A esmorga is a novel by Galician writer Eduardo Blanco Amor from 1959.	A esmorga	Eduardo Blanco Amor
author	GraceLand is a 2004 novel by Chris Abani, which tells the story of a teenager named Elvis, who is trying to get out of the ghettos of Lagos, Nigeria.	GraceLand	Chris Abani
author	Grave Descend is a novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym John Lange.	Grave Descend	Michael Crichton
author	Blue Labyrinth is a thriller novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child.	Blue Labyrinth	Douglas Preston	Lincoln Child
author	Luckypenny is a 1937 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	Luckypenny	Bruce Marshall
author	The Alienist is a crime novel by Caleb Carr first published in 1994.	The Alienist	Caleb Carr
author	The Crazy Man is a Canadian children's story written by Pamela Porter in 2005.	The Crazy Man	Pamela Porter
author	The Real Right Thing is a short story written by Henry James and published in 1899.	The Real Right Thing	Henry James
author	Die Dame im Chinchilla (published in 1961) is a detective fiction novel written by Frank Arnau.	Die Dame im Chinchilla	Frank Arnau
author	Days of Blood and Starlight is a young-adult fantasy novel written by Laini Taylor.	Days of Blood and Starlight	Laini Taylor
author	Portrait of a Spy is the 2011 Daniel Silva's spy novel.	Portrait of a Spy	Daniel Silva
author	Winter Kills is a black comic novel by Richard Condon exploring the assassination of a U.S. President.	Winter Kills	Richard Condon
author	Reign in Hell is a 2008-2009 comic book limited series written by Keith Giffen, pencilled by Thomas Derenick, inked by Bill Sienkiewicz, and published by DC Comics.	Reign in Hell	Keith Giffen
author	The Big Fellow is a 1937 biography of the famed Irish leader, Michael Collins, by Frank O'Connor.	The Big Fellow	Frank O'Connor
author	Het Gulden Cabinet vande Edel Vry Schilder-Const or The Golden Cabinet of the Noble Liberal Art of Painting is a book by the 17th-century Flemish notary and rederijker Cornelis de Bie published in Antwerp.	Het Gulden Cabinet	Cornelis de Bie
author	Looking for Jake is a collection of science fiction, horror and fantasy stories by British author China Miéville.	Looking for Jake	China Miéville
author	The Rush for Second Place is a posthumous collection of essays by William Gaddis.	The Rush for Second Place	William Gaddis
author	The Encyclopedia of the Dead (Serbo-Croatian: Enciklopedija mrtvih) is a collection of nine stories by Yugoslav author Danilo Kiš.	The Encyclopedia of the Dead	Danilo Kiš
author	Stargonauts is a science-fiction-comedy novel written by David S. Garnett and released in 1994.	Stargonauts	David S. Garnett
author	Shadowmarch is the first novel in the Shadowmarch tetralogy, by Tad Williams.	Shadowmarch	Tad Williams
author	Summer and the City is a young-adult novel written by Candace Bushnell.	Summer and the City	Candace Bushnell
author	Does Anyone Ever Listen? is a young adult novel by Rosie Rushton, first published with this title in 2006 by Piccadilly Press.	Does Anyone Ever Listen?	Rosie Rushton
author	The Pigman's Legacy is a young adult novel written by Paul Zindel, first published in 1980.	The Pigman's Legacy	Paul Zindel
author	Introduction to Algorithms is a book by Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest, and Clifford Stein.	Introduction to Algorithms	Thomas H. Cormen	Charles E. Leiserson	Clifford Stein
author	The Society of Mind is both the title of a 1986 book and the name of a theory of natural intelligence as written and developed by Marvin Minsky.	Society of Mind	Marvin Minsky
author	Dear Mr. Henshaw is a juvenile epistolary novel by Beverly Cleary which was awarded the Newbery Medal in 1984.	Dear Mr. Henshaw	Beverly Cleary
author	The Great Automatic Grammatizator (published in the U.S. as The Umbrella Man and Other Stories) is a collection of thirteen short stories written by British author Roald Dahl.	The Great Automatic Grammatizator	Roald Dahl
author	George Washington's Socks is a 1991 children's novel by Elvira Woodruff.	George Washington's Socks	Elvira Woodruff
author	A Gift from Nessus is a novel by the Scottish writer William McIlvanney published in 1968 and republished in 2014.	A Gift from Nessus	William McIlvanney
author	Gai-Jin (Japanese, ``Foreigner'') is a 1993 novel by James Clavell, chronologically the third book in his Asian Saga, although it was the last to be published.	Gai-Jin	James Clavell
author	Aimed for a more sophisticated audience than typical light superhero adventures, The Daredevils featured Captain Britain stories by Alan Moore and Alan Davis, as well as new Night Raven text stories, and reprints of Frank Miller's Daredevil stories.	The Daredevils	Alan Moore
author	Bridge of Birds is a fantasy novel by Barry Hughart, first published in 1984.	Bridge of Birds	Barry Hughart
author	The Daleth Effect, also known as In Our Hands, the Stars, is a science fiction novel written by Harry Harrison and published in 1970.	The Daleth Effect	Harry Harrison
author	Mathias Sandorf was an 1885 adventure book by French writer Jules Verne.	Mathias Sandorf	Jules Verne
author	Snow Wolf is an espionage novel by Glenn Meade.	Snow Wolf	Glenn Meade
author	Death in Cyprus (published in 1956) is an M. M. Kaye mystery novel.	Death in Cyprus	M. M. Kaye
author	Bearers of the Black Staff is a fantasy novel by Terry Brooks released on August 24, 2010 as the first of a two-part series called the Legends of Shannara.	Bearers of the Black Staff	Terry Brooks
author	Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation is an 1844 work of speculative natural history and philosophy by Robert Chambers.	Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation	Robert Chambers
author	Spy High is an English book series by A. J. Butcher about a high school for secret agents in training.	Spy High	A. J. Butcher
author	Swell Foop is the twenty-fifth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.	Swell Foop	Piers Anthony
author	Sons of Gruumsh was published in September 2005, and was written by Christopher Perkins, with cover art by Todd Lockwood and interior art by Mike Dubisch.	Sons of Gruumsh	Christopher Perkins
author	Five Science Fiction Novels is a 1952 anthology of five science fiction novellas edited by Martin Greenberg.	Five Science Fiction Novels	Martin Greenberg
author	Wonders of the Invisible World was a book published in 1693 by Cotton Mather, defending Mather's role in the witchhunt conducted in Salem, Massachusetts, and espousing the belief that witchcraft was an evil magical power.	Wonders of the Invisible World	Cotton Mather
author	The Showgirl Princess is a children's book written by Kylie Minogue.	The Showgirl Princess	Kylie Minogue
author	The Cruise of the Breadwinner is a novella by the British author H. E. Bates.	The Cruise of the Breadwinner	H. E. Bates
author	Danny Dunn and the Universal Glue is the fifteenth and final novel in the Danny Dunn series of juvenile science fiction/adventure books written by Raymond Abrashkin and Jay Williams.	Danny Dunn and the Universal Glue	Raymond Abrashkin	Jay Williams
author	The Convent of Hell (original Spanish title: El convento infernal) is an erotic graphic novel written by Ricardo Barreiro and drawn by Ignacio Noé.	The Convent of Hell	Ricardo Barreiro
author	Censorship in Afghanistan is a book by Hazara poet and journalist Kamran Mir Hazar.	Censorship in Afghanistan	Kamran Mir Hazar
author	The Brothers K is a 1992 novel by David James Duncan an author, fisherman and environmental advocate from the Pacific Northwest.	The Brothers K	David James Duncan
author	Aye, and Gomorrah, and other stories is a collection of stories by American writer Samuel R. Delany, published by Vintage Books in 2003.	Aye, and Gomorrah, and other stories	Samuel R. Delany
author	When Darkness Comes is Robert Swindells's first book.	When Darkness Comes	Robert Swindells
author	Drums for Rancas (Spanish: Redoble por Rancas) is a 1977 novel by Peruvian author Manuel Scorza that that represent the historical struggles of the inhabitants of the Department of Cerro de Pasco as they fight to recuperate control and ownership of their communal lands from the Peruvian government and multinational mining interests.	Drums for Rancas	Manuel Scorza
author	God's Little Acre is a 1933 novel by Erskine Caldwell about a dysfunctional farming family in Georgia obsessed with sex and wealth.	God's Little Acre	Erskine Caldwell
author	The Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World is a book by Richard Howard and Alick Moore which presents a list of the bird species of the world.	Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World	Richard Howard	Alick Moore
author	Conversations with God (CwG) is a sequence of books written by Neale Donald Walsch.	Conversations with God	Neale Donald Walsch
author	Brewster's Millions is a novel written by George Barr McCutcheon in 1902, originally under the pseudonym of Richard Greaves.	Brewster's Millions	George Barr McCutcheon
author	Windhaven is a science-fiction and fantasy novel co-written by novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin, but mainly by novelist Lisa Tuttle.	Windhaven	George R. R. Martin	Lisa Tuttle
author	Starman Jones is a 1953 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about a farm boy who wants to go to the stars.	Starman Jones	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Sedmikostelí is a Czech novel, written by Miloš Urban.	Sedmikostelí	Miloš Urban
author	The Chelsea Murders (known in the USA as Murder Games) is a thriller by Lionel Davidson.	The Chelsea Murders	Lionel Davidson
author	Quiet as a Nun is a thriller novel, written by Antonia Fraser.	Quiet as a Nun	Antonia Fraser
author	Bring Larks and Heroes is a 1967 novel by Australian author Thomas Keneally which won the Miles Franklin Award in 1967.	Bring Larks and Heroes	Thomas Keneally
author	The Heritage of Shannara is a series of four fantasy novels by Terry Brooks, set hundreds of years after the original Shannara trilogy.	Heritage of Shannara	Terry Brooks
author	The Moons of Jupiter is a book of short stories by Alice Munro, published by Macmillan of Canada in 1982.	The Moons of Jupiter	Alice Munro
author	The Negro is a book by W. E. B. Du Bois published in 1915 and released in electronic form by Project Gutenberg in 2011.	The Negro	W. E. B. Du Bois
author	Poor Richard's Almanack (sometimes Almanac) was a yearly almanac published by Benjamin Franklin, who adopted the pseudonym of ``Poor Richard'' or ``Richard Saunders'' for this purpose.	Poor Richard's Almanack	Benjamin Franklin
author	Wonderful Ethiopians of the Ancient Cushite Empire is a book by Drusilla Dunjee Houston published in 1926.	Wonderful Ethiopians of the Ancient Cushite Empire	Drusilla Dunjee Houston
author	Five Go Adventuring Again (published in 1943) is the second book in the Famous Five series by the British author, Enid Blyton.	Five Go Adventuring Again	Enid Blyton
author	A Son of the Circus (1994) is John Irving's eighth published novel.	A Son of the Circus	John Irving
author	Hayom Yom (Hebrew: היום יום‎, ``Today is day ...'') is a calendar for the Hebrew year of 5703 (1942-3), compiled by Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson at the behest of his father-in-law, Rabbi Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn, in the winter of 1942.	Hayom Yom	Menachem Mendel Schneerson
author	La Thébaïde, or The Thebaid, is a tragedy in five acts (with respectively 6, 4, 6, 3 and 6 scenes) in verse by Jean Racine first presented, without much success, on June 20, 1664 at the Palais-Royal in Paris.	La Thébaïde	Jean Racine
author	Scratch My Back is the eighth studio album (and fifteenth album overall) by the English musician Peter Gabriel, his first in eight years.	Scratch My Back	Peter Gabriel
author	``Valley of Dreams'' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum originally published in the November 1934 issue of Wonder Stories.	Valley of Dreams	Stanley G. Weinbaum
author	It Can't Happen Here is a semi-satirical 1935 political novel by American author Sinclair Lewis.	It Can't Happen Here	Sinclair Lewis
author	Williswinde is a collection of verses written by Louis Couperus.	Williswinde	Louis Couperus
author	Right as Rain is a 2001 crime novel by George Pelecanos.	Right as Rain	George Pelecanos
author	Clan Apis is an award-winning graphic novel created by then Assistant Professor (now Full Professor) of Biology at Juniata College, Jay Hosler.	Clan Apis	Jay Hosler
author	Thérèse Raquin (teʁɛz ʁakɛ̃) is a novel (first published in 1867) and a play (first performed in 1873) by the French writer Émile Zola.	Thérèse Raquin	Émile Zola
author	``Up in the Gallery'' (``Auf der Galerie'') is a short piece of fiction written by Franz Kafka.	Up in the Gallery	Franz Kafka
author	Sonnet 141 is the informal name given to the 141st of William Shakespeare's 154 sonnets.	Sonnet 141	William Shakespeare
author	Hell Island is a horror/adventure novella written in conjunction with the Australian Books Alive promotion, by thriller writer Matthew Reilly.	Hell Island	Matthew Reilly
award received	Paul Brown won an Edgar Award for Best Episode in a TV Series for writing ``Good Night, Dear Heart''.	Good Night, Dear Heart	Edgar Award
award received	In 1990, Leonard Bernstein received the Praemium Imperiale, an international prize awarded by the Japan Arts Association for lifetime achievement in the arts.	Leonard Bernstein	Praemium Imperiale
award received	Ernest George Horlock VC (also known as Ernest George Harlock) (24 October 1885 -- 30 December 1917) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Ernest George Horlock	Victoria Cross
award received	`` The Collected Poems of Frank O'Hara edited by Donald Allen (Knopf, 1971), the first of several posthumous collections, shared the 1972 National Book Award for Poetry.	Frank O'Hara	National Book Award
award received	Hans Becker (15 November 1911 -- 20 August 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Storm Unit Leader/Major) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, on 23 March 1943 while commanding the 2nd Company, of the 2nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, LSSAH.	Hans Becker	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Arsen Yegiazarian (Armenian: Արսեն Եղիազարյան, born June 18, 1970 in Yerevan) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster (2000) and FIDE Senior Trainer (2011).	Arsen Yegiazarian	Grandmaster
award received	Moritz Karl Ernst von Prittwitz (9 February 1795 at Gut Kreisewitz in Alzenau, Lower Silesia -- 21 October 1885 in Berlin) Royal Prussian Lieutenant-General of Infantry, supervised the building of the large fortress in Ulm, admitted to the Order of St. John as a Knight of Honor.	Moritz Karl Ernst von Prittwitz	Knight of Honor
award received	R. Jeffrey Smith is a reporter at the Washington Post and was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting in 2006.	R. Jeffrey Smith	Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting
award received	Algimantas Butnorius (born 20 November 1946) is a Lithuanian chess Grandmaster and a former World Senior Champion.	Algimantas Butnorius	Grandmaster
award received	Katarzyna Toma (born 16 September 1985) is a Poland chess Woman Grandmaster (2012) and FIDE Trainer (2014).	Katarzyna Toma	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Frederick Hobson VC (23 September 1873 -- 18 August 1917) was a soldier in the Canadian Expeditionary Force, and recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest military award for gallantry in the face of the enemy given to British and Commonwealth forces, during the First World War.	Frederick Hobson	Victoria Cross
award received	Hans Gollnick (22 May 1892 -- 15 February 1970) was a German general during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Hans Gollnick	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	John Niel Randle VC (22 December 1917 -- 6 May 1944) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	John Niel Randle	Victoria Cross
award received	Candelario Garcia, Jr. (February 26, 1944 -- January 10, 2013) was a United States Army veteran of the Vietnam War, and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.	Candelario Garcia	Medal of Honor
award received	In 1962 Edmund Collein received the National Prize of East Germany.	Edmund Collein	National Prize of East Germany
award received	Peter Sarnak was awarded the Polya Prize of Society of Industrial & Applied Mathematics in 1998, the Ostrowski Prize in 2001, the Levi L. Conant Prize in 2003, the Frank Nelson Cole Prize in Number Theory in 2005 and a Lester R. Ford Award in 2012.	Peter Sarnak	Ostrowski Prize	Levi L. Conant Prize	Cole Prize in Number Theory
award received	They had the son Haaken C. Mathiesen, Jr. Christian Pierre Mathiesen was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav and Commander, First Class of the Order of the Dannebrog.	Christian Pierre Mathiesen	Order of St. Olav
award received	Artashes Minasian (sometimes transliterated as Minasyan; Armenian: Արտաշես Մինասյան; born 21 January 1967) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster.	Artashes Minasian	Grandmaster
award received	Ilona Keserü Ilona, IKI (born Ilona Keserü, 29 November 1933) is a Hungarian painter, professor emerita, Kossuth Prize winner.	Ilona Keserü Ilona	Kossuth Prize
award received	Kadi Abakarovich Abakarov (Russian: Кади Абакарович Абакаров) (9 May 1913 -- 29 February 1948) was an Avar Red Army sergeant who fought during World War II. Abakarov was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union for actions in the Battle of the Seelow Heights.	Kadi Abakarov	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	George W. Mundy (1905-2000) was an American lieutenant general and Legion of Merit recipient.	George W. Mundy	Legion of Merit
award received	In 2012 Gunilla Bergström was awarded Illis Quorum by the Swedish Government.	Gunilla Bergström	Illis Quorum
award received	Catherine Hermary-Vieille is a French writer, and winner of the Prix Femina, 1981, for Le Grand Vizir de la nuit.	Catherine Hermary-Vieille	Prix Femina
award received	Lieutenant General Sir James Hills-Johnes VC GCB (added Johnes after his marriage) (20 August 1833 -- 3 January 1919) was a Welsh recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	James Hills-Johnes	Victoria Cross
award received	Michael Magner VC (21 June 1840 -- 6 February 1897) was born in County Fermanagh, Ireland and was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Michael Magner	Victoria Cross
award received	Alexander Kovchan (Ukrainian: Олександр Анатолійович Ковчан, Oleksandr Anatoliyovych Kovchan; born 21 October 1983 in Chernihiv) is a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster (2002).	Alexander Kovchan	Grandmaster
award received	Camila Andrade Mora (born c. 1991) is a Chilean actress, TV Host and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss World Chile 2013.	Camila Andrade	Miss World
award received	Frida Vogels (born 9 January 1930 in Soest) is a Dutch writer, known especially for her partly autobiographical trilogy De harde kern (``The hard core''), the second part of which was awarded the inaugural Libris Prize in 1994.	Frida Vogels	Libris Prize
award received	Sopiko Khukhashvili (born 4 January 1985) is a Georgian chess player who holds the titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster.	Sopiko Khukhashvili	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Mladen Palac (born 18 February 1971, Donji Mamići, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Croatian chess Grandmaster (1993) and FIDE Trainer (2005).	Mladen Palac	Grandmaster
award received	15 May 2005 Yad Vashem recognized Hermine Riss as Righteous Among the Nations.	Hermine Riss	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Aivars Gipslis (February 8, 1937 -- April 13, 2000) was a Latvian chess FIDE Grandmaster and also an ICCF Grandmaster, and a chess writer.	Aivars Gipslis	Grandmaster
award received	Restaurant Nathan Outlaw is a two Michelin star restaurant owned and operated by Nathan Outlaw.	Restaurant Nathan Outlaw	Michelin star
award received	Jeroen Piket (born 27 January 1969 in Leiden, The Netherlands) is a retired Dutch chess player who earned the Grandmaster title in 1989.	Jeroen Piket	Grandmaster
award received	Michael Kerry was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1976 and a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the New Year Honours of 1983.	Michael Kerry	Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath
award received	Psychohistorical Crisis was the 2002 winner of the Prometheus Award.	Psychohistorical Crisis	Prometheus Award
award received	Giam Choo Kwee (born 1942) is a Singapore chess International Master and International Arbiter (1983).	Giam Choo Kwee	International Master
award received	Claude Faraggi (May 28, 1942 -- December 14, 1991) was a French writer best known for his 1975 novel, Le Maître d'heure, which won the Prix Femina.	Claude Faraggi	Prix Femina
award received	In 2000, Keri Pickett's Lambda Literary Award-winning book Faeries, published by Aperture Books with a forward by James Broughton, records the life and personality of gay men who self-identify as Radical Faeries and gather every summer off-the-grid in a celebration of identity.	Keri Pickett	Lambda Literary Award
award received	Stuart Conquest (born 1 March 1967 in Ilford, England) is an English chess Grandmaster, commentator and tournament director.	Stuart Conquest	Grandmaster
award received	Brent Woods (1855 -- March 31, 1906) was an African American Buffalo Soldier in the United States Army and a recipient of America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States.	Brent Woods	Medal of Honor
award received	Mary Oliver (born September 10, 1935) is an American poet who has won the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize.	Mary Oliver	National Book Award
award received	Lin He received the prestigious MacArthur Fellowship in 2009.	Lin He	MacArthur Fellowship
award received	In 1996 Bill Bright was awarded the $1.1 million Templeton Prize for Progress in Religion, and donated the money to promote the spiritual benefits of fasting and prayer.	Bill Bright	Templeton Prize
award received	August Maus (7 February 1915 -- 28 September 1996) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	August Maus	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In December 1989, B'Tselem shared the Carter-Menil Human Rights Prize with the Palestinian group, Al-Haq.	B'Tselem	Carter-Menil Human Rights Prize
award received	Joseph A. Farinholt (July 17, 1922 - June 11, 2002) is thought to be the only enlisted man in the history of the U.S. military to receive four awards of the Silver Star, the United States third highest decoration for valor in combat.	Joseph A. Farinholt	Silver Star
award received	Military Cross (MC) 2nd Lt. Cecil Roy Richards, R.F.C., Spec. Res. For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty when on offensive patrols in attacking and shooting down hostile machines.	Cecil Roy Richards	Military Cross
award received	Jean-Louis Étienne was named Officer of the Legion of Honour, after being named Chevalier.	Jean-Louis Étienne	Officer of the Legion of Honour
award received	Leopoldo García-Colín Scherer (born on 27 November 1930 in Mexico City, died 8 October 2012 in Mexico City) was a Mexican scientist specialized in Thermodynamics and Statistical Mechanics who received the National Prize for Arts and Sciences in 1988.	Leopoldo García-Colín	National Prize for Arts and Sciences
award received	Husain was the recipient of the 2005 Sahitya Akademi Award in Urdu for his memoirs Ret per Khema.Well known Hindi and Urdu writer Jabir Husain was born on 05 June1945.	Jabir Husain	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	Albert Joseph Smith (July 31, 1898--March 27, 1973) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in 1921 when he rescued a United States Navy sailor from a burning seaplane.	Albert Joseph Smith	Medal of Honor
award received	Otto Vincent Lange was proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav 1847, promoted to Commander in 1857, and in 1863 was awarded the Grand Cross in 1863.	Otto Vincent Lange	Order of St. Olav
award received	In 2000, Apocalypse Now was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress, for films deemed ``culturally, historically or aesthetically significant''.	Apocalypse Now	National Film Registry
award received	Nelly Aginian (Armenian: Նելլի Աղինյան; born August 4, 1981) is an Armenian chess Woman Grandmaster (2005).	Nelly Aginian	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Black Sabbath were inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006.	Black Sabbath	Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
award received	In February 1989 Flairck received the Gouden Harp (Golden Harp), The Netherlands' highest music award.	Flairck	Golden Harp
award received	Andrew Fitzgibbon VC (13 May 1845 -- 7 March 1883) was an Irish soldier, and possibly the youngest recipient of the Victoria Cross.	Andrew Fitzgibbon	Victoria Cross
award received	Lisa A. Barnett (1958 -- May 2, 2006) was an American Lambda Literary Award winning science fiction writer.	Lisa A. Barnett	Lambda Literary Award
award received	Emlyn Williams was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1962.	Emlyn Williams	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Neuromancer is a 1984 novel by William Gibson, a seminal work in the cyberpunk genre and the first winner of the science-fiction ``triple crown''--the Nebula Award, the Philip K. Dick Award, and the Hugo Award.	Neuromancer	Philip K. Dick Award
award received	Siegfried Jamrowski (1 November 1917 -- 3 September 2012) was a Major in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his actions in the Battle of Monte Cassino.	Siegfried Jamrowski	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Arnold Lignitz (25 March 1913 -- 30 September 1941) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during the Second World War.	Arnold Lignitz	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Karl Baier (4 April 1916 -- 23 November 1970) was a highly decorated Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Karl Baier	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Robert Sterling Arnold is a member of the 2005 Southern Gospel Music Hall of Fame inductees.	Robert Sterling Arnold	Gospel Music Hall of Fame
award received	Ketino Kachiani or Ketino Kachiani-Gersinska (born 11 September 1971) is a Georgian chess player with the titles of Woman Grandmaster and International Master.	Ketino Kachiani	Woman Grandmaster	International Master
award received	Wilhelm Dommes (16 April 1907 in Buchberg, Berent District, West Prussia -- 23 January 1990 in Hannover) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Wilhelm Dommes	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Camilla Baginskaite (Lithuanian: Kamilė Baginskaitė; born 24 April 1967 in Vilnius, Lithuanian SSR) is an American chess Woman Grandmaster (WGM) and chess teacher.	Camilla Baginskaite	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Hartmut Michel (born 18 July 1948) is a German biochemist, who received the 1988 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.	Hartmut Michel	Nobel Prize in Chemistry
award received	Ghavam Shahidi is an Iranian-American electrical engineer and IBM Fellow.	Ghavam Shahidi	IBM Fellow
award received	Harshadev Madhav (born 20 October 1954 in Vartej) is a Sanskrit poet and writer who won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit in 2006 for his work of poetry, Tava Sparshe Sparshe.	Harshadev Madhav	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	Marisa Zuriel (born August 19 1982 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman International Master.	Marisa Zuriel	Woman International Master
award received	1999 Prince Claus Award for ``Creating Spaces of Freedom'', in Amsterdam In December 1999, Ibn Rushd Fund for Freedom of Thought in Berlin awarded the Ibn Rushd Prize for Freedom of Thought for media and journalism for the year to Al Jazeera.	Al Jazeera	Ibn Rushd Prize for Freedom of Thought
award received	Alexander Koroviakov was awarded by an Order of the Red Star, the Medal ``For the Victory over Germany in the Great Patriotic War 1941--1945'' and the Medal ``For the Defence of Leningrad''.	Alexander Koroviakov	Order of the Red Star	Medal ``For the Defence of Leningrad
award received	(Gazetted 4 June 1918) Distinguished Flying Cross Captain Leonard Henry Rochford, DSC.	Leonard Henry Rochford	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	In 2008, Malkit Singh was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours.	Malkit Singh	Member of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Renato Dulbecco (February 22, 1914 -- February 19, 2012) was an Italian American, who won the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on oncoviruses, which are viruses that can cause cancer when they infect animal cells.	Renato Dulbecco	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Horst Hermann was a highly decorated Feldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Horst Hermann	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	David Bellavia (born November 10, 1975) is an American Iraq War veteran who was awarded the Silver Star for his actions during the Second Battle of Fallujah.	David Bellavia	Silver Star
award received	Clinton M. Hedrick (May 1, 1918 -- March 28, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in World War II.	Clinton M. Hedrick	Medal of Honor
award received	Shakira has won many awards, including five MTV Video Music Awards, two Grammy Awards, eight Latin Grammy Awards, seven Billboard Music Awards, 28 Billboard Latin Music Awards and has been Golden Globe-nominated.	Shakira	Billboard Latin Music Awards
award received	Tamāra Vilerte (also Tamāra Rudovska, born March 5, 1954, Omsk) is a Latvian chess player who won the World Senior Women Chess Championship in 2008 (Bad Zwischenahn, Germany) and holds the title of Woman Grandmaster.	Tamāra Vilerte	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Braslav Rabar (27 September 1919, Zagreb -- 6 December 1973, Zagreb) was a Croatian chess International Master (1950) and chess writer.	Braslav Rabar	International Master
award received	Second Sergeant Usman bin Haji Muhammad Ali (18 March 1943 -- 17 October 1968), better known as Janatin and Usman Janatin, was an Indonesian marine and National Hero of Indonesia.	Janatin	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Machol was a private serving as an Indian Scout in the United States Army during the Indian Wars who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Machol	Medal of Honor
award received	Jean Hébert (born November 11, 1957 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian International Master of chess, an International Grandmaster of Correspondence Chess, and a chess writer, journalist, and commentator.	Jean Hébert	International Master
award received	Amin Kamil won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1967 for his book of poems, Laveh Te Praveh.	Amin Kamil	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	Krishnamurthy Perumal (born September 26, 1943) is a two-time Olympic medalist in field hockey and Arjuna Award winning sportsman for India.	Krishnamurthy Perumal	Arjuna Award
award received	To commemorate his excellence in the sport of Boxing, and his extraordinary contribution to the nation by his consistent efforts and dedication, Dingko Singh was honored with the prestigious Arjuna Award in 1998 and Padma shri in 2013	Dingko Singh	Arjuna Award
award received	Pan Junshun (traditional Chinese: 潘均順; simplified Chinese: 潘均顺; pinyin: Pān Jūnshùn; 1889 -- 1974), was the first Chinese national to be awarded the title Righteous Among the Nations for hiding and sheltering a Ukrainian Jewish girl during the occupation of part of the Soviet Union during World War II.	Pan Junshun	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Darja Kapš (born November 26, 1981 in Novo Mesto) is a Slovene chess player with the title of Woman Grandmaster.	Darja Kapš	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Upon the news of his death the president of Pakistan Mohammad Zia-ul-Haq honoured Alam Lohar with Pakistan's highest civil award for arts and theatre the Pride of Performance in the same year.	Alam Lohar	Pride of Performance
award received	Katrīna Šķiņķe (born 31 May 1991 in Jelgava, Latvia) is a Latvian chess player and Woman International Master (2009).	Katrīna Šķiņķe	Woman International Master
award received	Kat and the Kings won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical and, in an unusual move, the entire cast was named Best Actor in a Musical.	Kat and the Kings	Laurence Olivier Award
award received	In 2015, Rambhadracharya was awarded Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian honour.	Rambhadracharya	Padma Vibhushan
award received	Levon Babujian (Armenian: Լեւոն Բաբուջյան , born May 8, 1986 in Yerevan) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster.	Levon Babujian	Grandmaster
cast member	Chittor Vijay is a 1947 Hindi language film directed by Mohan Sinha and featuring Raj Kapoor and Madhubala in the lead roles.	Chittor Vijay	Raj Kapoor
conflict	Oberst Adolf Dickfeld (20 February 1910 -- 17 May 2009) was a German World War II Luftwaffe 136 victories Flying ace.	Adolf Dickfeld	World War II
constellation	52 Sagittarii (52 Sgr) is a star in the constellation Sagittarius.	52 Sagittarii	Sagittarius
continent	The Gemini Nunataks (84°42′S 176°38′W) are two nunataks of similar size and appearance in a prominent position near the west wall of Shackleton Glacier, Antarctica, just southeast of Mount Cole.	Gemini Nunataks	Antarctica
country of citizenship	Mohamed Izzadeen Mohamed Naufer (born on 17 January 1981) is a Sri Lankan footballer, who plays either on the left wing or as a striker for Army SC and the Sri Lanka national football team.	Mohamed Izzadeen	Sri Lanka
country of origin	Fall of Eagles was released on video and DVD in 2004 in the United Kingdom, with the release including a comprehensive viewing notes booklet written by Andy Priestner providing further details on the historical events and characters in the series and new interviews with Gayle Hunnicutt, Charles Kay and David Cunliffe (one of the directors).	Fall of Eagles	United Kingdom
country of origin	Road to Avonlea is a Canadian television series first broadcast in Canada between January 7, 1990 and March 31, 1996, and in the United States starting on March 5, 1990.	Road to Avonlea	Canada
country of origin	Atlantis High is a teen comedy TV show, shot in New Zealand in 2001.	Atlantis High	New Zealand
country of origin	The Red Green Show is a Canadian television comedy that aired on various channels in Canada, with its ultimate home at CBC Television, and on Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) stations in the United States, from 1991 until the series finale April 7, 2006, on CBC.	The Red Green Show	Canada
country of origin	The Cullinan Diamond was a large gem-quality diamond weighing 3,106.75 carats (621.350 g) discovered at the Premier No. 2 mine outside Pretoria, South Africa, on 26 January 1905.	Cullinan Diamond	South Africa
country of origin	Less Than Kind made its debut October 13, 2008, on Citytv, and moved to HBO Canada in February 2010.	Less Than Kind	Canada
country of origin	Tengkorak Hidoep (literally The Living Skull) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) directed by Tan Tjoei Hock.	Tengkorak Hidoep	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	The Toronto Rap Project is a 2006 documentary directed by Richard Budman, about rap music culture and violence in Toronto, Canada.	The Toronto Rap Project	Canada
country of origin	¡Tango! is a 1933 Argentine musical romance film, the first film to be made in Argentina using optical sound technology (but not the first sound film.)	¡Tango!	Argentina
country of origin	Armed Reaction (Chinese: 陀槍師姐; Jyutping: to4 coeng1 si1 ze2) is a 1998 Hong Kong modern cop drama produced by TVB.	Armed Reaction	Hong Kong
country of origin	As originally shown in France in 1955, the audience sees the events of Lola Montès' life through the use of flashbacks.	Lola Montès	France
country of origin	El Club de Los Tigritos is a Spanish-language children's variety program originating in Venezuela on the Venevision television network beginning in 1994, and syndicated to other stations and networks around the world.	El Club de Los Tigritos	Venezuela
country of origin	Greatest Tank Battles is a military documentary series currently airing on History Television and National Geographic Channel in Canada, where it premiered on 4 January 2010.	Greatest Tank Battles	Canada
country of origin	The Havell family of Reading, Berkshire, England included a number of notable engravers, etchers and painters, as well as writers, publishers, educators, and musicians.	Havell family	England
country of origin	MTV Full Tank is a music, culture and travel show that was developed in Australia by MTV producers Gavin Jarratt and Tim Thatcher with Ean Thorley (Executive Producer).	MTV Full Tank	Australia
country of origin	The Naked Archaeologist is a television show produced for VisionTV in Canada and History International in the US that is hosted and prepared by the Emmy Award--winning journalist Simcha Jacobovici together with Avri Gilad.	The Naked Archaeologist	Canada
country of origin	Almanach 1999-2000 is a 1999 Canadian documentary film by Quebec film director Denys Desjardins produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).	Almanach 1999-2000	Canada
country of origin	Being India's first photorealistic motion capture film, Kochadaiiyaan was a tribute to the centennial of Indian cinema and released worldwide in 3D and for traditional viewing on 23 May 2014 in Tamil and five additional languages, including Hindi, Telugu, Bengali, Marathi and Punjabi.	Kochadaiiyaan	India
country of origin	Ridgey Didge was a popular Network Ten magazine television programme for children in Australia.	Ridgey Didge	Australia
country of origin	La suerte en tus manos is a film co-produced by Argentina, Brazil and Spain directed by Daniel Burman based on his own script written in collaboration with Sergio Dubcovsky which premiered on March 29, 2012, starring Norma Aleandro, Jorge Drexler, Valeria Bertuccelli and Gabriel Schultz.	La suerte en tus manos	Argentina
country of origin	A Long Return, also known by the title A Largo Retorno in Spain, is a 1975 Spanish romantic film, directed by Pedro Lazaga.	A Long Return	Spain
country of origin	Beauty at War (Chinese: 金枝慾孽貳), also known as War and Beauty 2, is a Hong Kong television period drama serial produced by Jonathan Chik for TVB.	Beauty at War	Hong Kong
country of origin	Göran Ehrnrooth was a bank manager in Union Bank Finland.	Ehrnrooth	Finland
country of origin	And although developed and manufactured in France, the Sarpac was never adopted by the French Army, however it has been exported to a number of countries.	Sarpac	France
country of origin	The Beretta 21A Bobcat is a semi-automatic pocket pistol designed by Beretta in Italy.	Beretta 21A Bobcat	Italy
country of origin	The Kautokeino Rebellion (Norwegian: Kautokeino-opprøret, Northern Sami: Guovdageainnu Stuimmit) is a 2008 film based on the true story of the Kautokeino riots in Kautokeino, Norway in 1852 in response to the Norwegian exploitation of the Sami community at that time.	The Kautokeino Rebellion	Norway
country of origin	Finding Mary March was released on August 31st 1988, being played on select theatres and film festivals across Canada.	Finding Mary March	Canada
country of origin	G. H. Mumm & Cie, situated in Reims in northern France, is one of the largest Champagne producers.	G. H. Mumm	France
country of origin	A Locrio is a rice dish from the Dominican Republic.	Locrio	Dominican Republic
country of origin	Once Upon a Time in China III is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film written, produced and directed by Tsui Hark, starring Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung.	Once Upon a Time in China III	Hong Kong
country of origin	Today Tonight South Australia is currently hosted by Rosanna Mangiarelli.	Today Tonight	Australia
country of origin	The M60 recoilless gun is an 82-mm antitank recoilless gun developed in the former Yugoslavia.	M60 recoilless gun	Yugoslavia
country of origin	Spiritual Kung Fu (Chinese: 拳精) (Quan Jing) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed and produced by Lo Wei, and starring Jackie Chan and James Tien.	Spiritual Kung Fu	Hong Kong
country of origin	Suor Plautilla Nelli TOSD (1524--1588) was a self-taught nun-artist--the first-known female Renaissance painter of Florence, Italy.	Plautilla Nelli	Italy
country of origin	Mirror of Holland (Dutch: Spiegel van Holland) is a 1950 short Dutch documentary film about The Netherlands, directed by Bert Haanstra.	Mirror of Holland	Netherlands
country of origin	Shinty is now played mainly in the Scottish Highlands, and amongst Highland migrants to the big cities of Scotland, but it was formerly more widespread, being once competitively played on a widespread basis in England and other areas in the world where Scottish Highlanders migrated.	Shinty	Scotland
country of origin	Here's Humphrey has become one of the most successful programs for pre-schoolers in Australia.	Here's Humphrey	Australia
country of origin	The Times of India gave 3.5 stars out of 5 and said ``Goli Soda IS a masala movie.	Goli Soda	India
country of origin	A Moment of Romance III is a 1996 Hong Kong romance film directed by Johnnie To starring Andy Lau.	A Moment of Romance III	Hong Kong
country of origin	Lego (/ˈlɛɡoʊ/) is a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by The Lego Group, a privately held company based in Billund, Denmark.	Lego	Denmark
country of origin	The Bottomline with Boy Abunda is a current affairs-talk show-reality show in the Philippines, hosted by Boy Abunda, which premiered on November 28, 2009 It is aired every Saturday after Failon Ngayon and before O Shopping on ABS-CBN.	The Bottomline with Boy Abunda	Philippines
country of origin	Boondi is popularly used to prepare raita in Pakistan and North India.	Boondi	India
country of origin	NPO Radio 1 is a public-service radio channel in the Netherlands, broadcasting mainly news and sport.	NPO Radio 1	Netherlands
country of origin	Mars vs Venus (Simplified Chinese: 幸福双人床) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecast on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp TV Channel 8.	Mars vs Venus	Singapore
country of origin	Terang Boelan ((təˈraŋ buˈlan); Indonesian for ``Full Moon'', Terang Bulan in the Perfected Spelling System) is a 1937 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia).	Terang Boelan	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	The Cameo Creme is a chocolate sandwich biscuit with a coconut cream filling made by Griffin's Foods of New Zealand.	Cameo Creme	New Zealand
country of origin	Football Italia was a television programme in the United Kingdom showing Italian football that ran from 1992 to 2002 on Channel 4, and continued until 2008 on other channels.	Football Italia	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Constitution of the Year XII was a national constitution of France adopted during the Year XII of the French Revolutionary Calendar (1804 in the Gregorian calendar).	Constitution of the Year XII	France
country of origin	Captain Horatio Hornblower (released in the United Kingdom as Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N., ``R.N.'' standing for ``Royal Navy'') is a 1951 American naval adventure film.	Captain Horatio Hornblower	United Kingdom
country of origin	This film Singye Galeem produced by Wisdom Picture was approved on the 29th of December, 2007 for public exhibition in Bhutan.	Singye Galeem	Bhutan
country of origin	Best Friends Forever? (or BFF) was a daily TV teen drama telecast on Channel V India.	Best Friends Forever?	India
country of origin	Aujourd'hui was far from innocent in its pursuit of those responsible for the 1940 defeat of France, resorting to the myth of the ``clean sweep of the broom'' in its notorious Anglophobia.	Aujourd'hui	France
country of origin	Royal Stag, also known as Seagram's Royal Stag, is a brand of Indian whisky, owned by Pernod Ricard India, and launched in 1995.	Royal Stag	India
country of origin	Every Last Child shows the steps taken in Pakistan to eliminate poliomyelitis (polio) infection from the country.	Every Last Child	Pakistan
country of origin	Ang Dating Daan (Tagalog for The Old Path) is a religious radio and television program in the Philippines produced by the Members of the Church of God International.	Ang Dating Daan	Philippines
country of origin	The Czech Year (Czech title: Špalíček), also called A Treasury of Fairy-Tales, is a 1947 stop-motion-animated feature film from Czechoslovakia.	The Czech Year	Czechoslovakia
country of origin	Olga Gere-Pulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Олга Гере-Пулић; born September 27, 1942 in Novi Sad, Yugoslavia) is a former Yugoslav high jumper.	Olga Gere	Yugoslavia
country of origin	Mio in the Land of Faraway was co-produced by companies from Sweden, Norway and the Soviet Union with a budget of about fifty million Swedish kronor, making it the most expensive film adaptation of an Astrid Lindgren book during her lifetime.	Mio in the Land of Faraway	Soviet Union
country of origin	Don't Quit Your Gay Job is a Canadian reality television series presented by Rob Easton and Sean Horlor and broadcast on OUTtv in Canada, on here! gay television network in the United States and through OUTtv Netherlands available in most of Europe.	Don't Quit Your Gay Job	Canada
country of origin	Besides being a legal procedure on rape cases in Brazil, abortion was never treated in a frank and positive way on telenovelas such as it has been on Chamas da Vida.	Chamas da Vida	Brazil
country of origin	Illustreret Tidende was a Danish weekly illustrated magazine published from 1859 to 1924 in Denmark with international news, literature and entertainment content.	Illustreret Tidende	Denmark
country of origin	Confession of Pain is a 2006 Hong Kong crime drama film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak, starring Tony Leung, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Shu Qi and Xu Jinglei.	Confession of Pain	Hong Kong
country of origin	När vi gräver guld i USA also known with its English language title ``When We Dig for Gold in the USA'' is a song which was used as fight song for the Swedish national team during the 1994 FIFA World Cup in the USA, where Sweden ended up third.	När vi gräver guld i USA	Sweden
country of origin	Just a Question of Love (French: Juste une question d'amour) is a 2000 French-Belgian drama television film directed by Christian Faure that premiered on France 2.	Just a Question of Love	France
country of origin	Bloody Payroll was shown in Italy on March 5, 1976.	Bloody Payroll	Italy
country of origin	Carmen Smith (born 1984) is an Australian singer/songwriter who rose to prominence after appearing in the first season of The Voice Australia	Carmen Smith	Australia
country of origin	Zoervleis or Zoervleisj (Limburgian for sour meat, in Dutch: Zuurvlees) is a regional meat dish from the Province of Limburg, a region split between the Netherlands and Belgium.	Zoervleis	Belgium
country of origin	Krumiri are a kind of biscuit which is regarded as the particular delicacy of Casale Monferrato, the city in north-west Italy where they were invented in 1878 by the confectioner Domenico Rossi.	Krumiri	Italy
country of origin	The Berlin Affair was the first film produced by Menahem Golan and Yoram Globus in Italy for Cannon.	The Berlin Affair	Italy
country of origin	Nicuatole is a gelatinous dessert made from ground maize and sugar, traditional in Oaxaca, Mexico.	Nicuatole	Mexico
country of origin	Afasi och Filthy (English: Afasi & Filthy) was a Swedish hip hop duo from Uppsala, Sweden composed of rapper Herbert Munkhammar (known as Afasi) and producer Magnus Lidehäll (known as Filthy)	Afasi & Filthy	Sweden
country of origin	OFW Diaries was a television show in the Philippines aired every Friday evenings by GMA Network.	OFW Diaries	Philippines
country of origin	Metsä Tissue has ten production units located in Finland, Germany, Poland, Slovakia and Sweden.	Metsä Tissue	Finland
country of origin	Pepsi Max debuted in United Kingdom and Italy in April 1993.	Pepsi Max	United Kingdom
country of origin	Oy Matkahuolto Ab is a Finnish company, which was established on 28 January 1933 to operate and maintain bus stations throughout Finland and to provide freight services.	Matkahuolto	Finland
country of origin	That Certain Something is a 1941 Australian musical about an American film director who decides to make a musical in Australia.	That Certain Something	Australia
country of origin	Of the four main varieties of Pecorino, all of which have Protected Designation of Origin (PDO) status under European Union law, Pecorino Romano is probably the best known outside Italy, especially in the United States, which has been an important export market for the cheese since the 19th century.	Pecorino	Italy
country of origin	Bad Bush grossed $8,961 at the box office in Australia.	Bad Bush	Australia
country of origin	Although in Poland the word Żubrówka is now commonly associated with this type of vodka, in Polish the same word is used to describe bison grass--which is primarily what the vodka is named after.	Żubrówka	Poland
country of origin	Batuque, the Soul of a People (French title:Batuque, l'âme d'un peuple) is a 2006 documentary film written and directed by Júlio Silvão Tavares about the batuque musical group Raiz di Tambarina, and roots of this musical genre in Santiago, Cape Verde.	Batuque, the Soul of a People	Cape Verde
country of origin	Métamorphose d'une gare (English: Metamorphosis of a Station) is a 2010 documentary film directed by Thierry Michel that follows the construction of the modern new railway station of Guillemins in Liège, Belgium.	Métamorphose d'une gare	Belgium
country of origin	River Queen is a 2005 New Zealand film directed by Vincent Ward and starring Samantha Morton, Kiefer Sutherland, Cliff Curtis and Temuera Morrison.	River Queen	New Zealand
country of origin	Punjab Bolda is a Punjabi film starring Sarbjit Cheema Anisha Pooja (Miss India Switzerland 2012 Runner Up).	Punjab Bolda	India
country of origin	Tanhaiyan Naye Silsilay, (also known as Olper's Tanhaiyaan: Naye Silsilay) is a Pakistani romantic and social drama serial directed by Marina Khan and aired on ARY Digital and Pakistan Television Corporation.	Tanhaiyan Naye Silsilay	Pakistan
country of origin	Take Your Pick! was a United Kingdom game show originally broadcast by Radio Luxembourg in the early 1950s.	Take Your Pick!	United Kingdom
country of origin	Pane carasau (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpaːne karaˈzau); Sardinian: (kaɾaˈzau)) is a traditional flatbread from Sardinia.	Pane carasau	Sardinia
country of origin	Challenge of the Masters (Chinese: 陸阿采與黃飛鴻) is a 1976 martial arts-action film released in Hong Kong by Shaw Brothers, and directed by Lau Kar Leung.	Challenge of the Masters	Hong Kong
country of origin	La morte risale a ieri sera was released in Italy on September 5, 1970.	La morte risale a ieri sera	Italy
country of origin	Chotti Bahu season rerun was aired in Zee Anmol in India and Zee Lamhe in the UK during 2014 and 2015.	Chotti Bahu	India
country of origin	Melodifestivalen 2007 was the selection for the 47th song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest.	Melodifestivalen 2007	Sweden
country of origin	OzGirl established a ``solid audience across a range of platforms including Fairfax Digital, Virgin Australia, KoldCast TV, Apple iTunes, Microsoft Zune and TiVo.''	OzGirl	Australia
country of origin	Mabat LaHadashot (Hebrew: מבט לחדשות‎ lit. A glance at the news, sometimes in short מבט Mabat view), is an Israeli prime time news program that has aired continuously on the Israeli Channel 1 since the introduction of television in Israel in 1968.	Mabat LaHadashot	Israel
country of origin	Castagnaccio (locally also known as baldino, ghirighio or pattona) is a plain chestnut flour cake, typically found in the Tuscany, Liguria, Piedmont, Emilia-Romagna regions of Italy, and in the French island of Corsica.	Castagnaccio	Italy
country of origin	Unriddle 2 (simplified Chinese: 最火搭档 2) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecast on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	Unriddle 2	Singapore
country of origin	The Matrix Reloaded was largely filmed at Fox Studios in Australia, concurrently with filming of the sequel, Revolutions.	The Matrix Reloaded	Australia
country of origin	Paul Merton in India is a television show broadcast on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom and Fox History & Entertainment in India.	Paul Merton in India	United Kingdom
country of origin	Partan bree is a seafood speciality from north-eastern Scotland, where much of the country's fishing fleet is based.	Partan bree	Scotland
country of origin	Cornish Yarg is a semi-hard cow's milk cheese made in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom from the milk of Friesian cows.	Cornish Yarg	United Kingdom
country of origin	Ghost on Air is a Singapore horror film directed by Cheng Ding An and stars Y.E.S. 93.3FM DJ Zhou Chong Qing (Dennis Chew).	Ghost on Air	Singapore
country of origin	Star Awards 2011 (Chinese: 红星大奖 2011) was a double television award ceremony held in Singapore.	Star Awards 2011	Singapore
country of origin	China Strike Force is a 2000 Hong Kong action film starring Aaron Kwok, Norika Fujiwara, Leehom Wang and Ruby Lin.	China Strike Force	Hong Kong
country of origin	Joker Poker was the first locally produced poker program to go to air in Australia.	Joker Poker	Australia
country of origin	No Joke had its World Premiere in Vancouver, Canada on January 12, 2013.	No Joke	Canada
country of origin	Hey Baberiba was a comedy show on TV4 in Sweden, where three comedians made impersonations of different Swedish celebrities.	Hey Baberiba	Sweden
country of origin	Qpids was shot primarily in the Philippines, with a handful of episodes filmed in Hong Kong as part of a ``loventure''.	Qpids	Philippines
country of origin	Film, Film, Film (in Russian: Фильм, фильм, фильм) is a satirical animated short film made in 1968 in the Soviet Union by Fyodor Khitruk.	Film, Film, Film	Soviet Union
country of origin	According to Box Office India, Kabul Express grossed ₹12.25 crore (US$1.8 million) in India.	Kabul Express	India
country of origin	Korma (قورمه in Persian) has its roots in the Mughlai cuisine of modern-day India and Pakistan.	Korma	India
country of origin	RoachTrip is a 46-minute 2003 Canadian documentary about two punks, Roach and his friend Smash down the invisible punk highway across Canada.	RoachTrip	Canada
country of origin	Years of Hope and Anger is the 16th episode of the dramatic documentary television series, Canada:	Years of Hope and Anger	Canada
country of origin	Love and Again is a Hong Kong modern drama series produced by TVB starring Alex Fong, Sonija Kwok, Moses Chan, Michael Tse and Fiona Yuen.	Love and Again	Hong Kong
country of origin	A co-production between Brazil and Portugal, Memórias Póstumas had a budget of about R$4.5--5 million ($2,006,509--2,229,455).	Memórias Póstumas	Portugal
country of origin	Netherworld Dancing Toys is a New Zealand band from Dunedin formed in 1982.	Netherworld Dancing Toys	New Zealand
country of origin	The Golden Pillow (simplified Chinese: 金枕头; traditional Chinese: 金枕頭) is a 40-episode epic drama produced by the Television Corporation of Singapore (now MediaCorp) in 1995.	The Golden Pillow	Singapore
country of origin	The Lyre of Mesopotamia was unveiled in December 2009 during an international congress held by UN-Habitat and IAARA in Qazvin, Iran, among other ancient instruments.	The Lyre of Mesopotamia	Iran
country of origin	Hard Days, Hard Nights (known as Beat Boys in West Germany) is a 1989 film.	Hard Days, Hard Nights	West Germany
country of origin	Waris Jari Hantu (The Ghastly Heir) is a 2007 Malay-language horror film in Malaysia.	Waris Jari Hantu	Malaysia
country of origin	Hostile Whirlwinds (Russian: Вихри враждебные, translit. Vikhri vrazhdebnye) is a 1953 film from the Soviet Union directed by Mikhail Kalatozov based on a screenplay by Nikolai Pogodin.	Hostile Whirlwinds	Soviet Union
country of origin	The iTeddy children's media player, featured on the British TV series Dragons' Den, was distributed throughout the United Kingdom via the Argos chain of stores and came loaded with an episode of Summerton Mill, with others available from the iTeddy website.	Summerton Mill	United Kingdom
country of origin	Who Dares, Sings! is a karaoke style game show airing in the United Kingdom on the ITV Network and in the Republic of Ireland on TV3 Ireland.	Who Dares, Sings!	United Kingdom
country of origin	``The Goat and Her Three Kids'' has also been the topic of several music, theater and film adaptations, in both Romania and Moldova.	The Goat and Her Three Kids	Romania
country of origin	GoBingo is an interactive game show on the Philippines GMA television network.	GoBingo	Philippines
country of origin	In the 20th century Touax became the first public operator in France to build industrial barges.	Touax	France
country of origin	The Basler Läckerli (also Leckerli or Läggerli, lecker meaning ``delicious'' in German and -li being a diminutive suffix) is a traditional hard spice biscuit originating from Basel, Switzerland.	Basler Läckerli	Switzerland
country of origin	Rush TV is a primetime show airing Studio 23 in the Philippines.	Rush TV	Philippines
country of origin	The 9M14 Malyutka (Russian: Малютка; little one, NATO reporting name: AT-3 Sagger) is a manual command to line of sight (MCLOS) wire-guided anti-tank guided missile (ATGM) system developed in the Soviet Union.	9M14 Malyutka	Soviet Union
country of origin	Pocket Protectors was an animated series produced for New Zealand's long running children's show, What Now?.	Pocket Protectors	New Zealand
country of origin	Ebba Grön started a hectic period of touring all over Sweden, during which they also released two more singles.	Ebba Grön	Sweden
country of origin	The Nudelman-Rikhter NR-30 was a Soviet autocannon widely used in military aircraft of the Soviet Union and Warsaw Pact.	Nudelman-Rikhter NR-30	Soviet Union
country of origin	Deepa Soman of The Times of India rated the film 3 out of 5 and wrote: ``100 Days of Love is a stylish film that is nothing out of the ordinary.	100 Days of Love	India
country of origin	In many places in both Iran and Afghanistan, Noghl (Nuql) is showered on the bride and groom, much like confetti in Western countries would be.	Noghl	Iran
country of origin	6teen is a Canadian animated sitcom which premiered in Canada on November 7, 2004 on Teletoon.	6teen	Canada
country of origin	Balitang K was a news and current affairs magazine show in the Philippines, hosted by Korina Sanchez.	Balitang K	Philippines
date of birth	Juan Alfonso de la Cerda (France, 1295 - August 7, 1347) was Lord of Gibraleón, Huelva, Real de Manzanares and Deza.	Juan Alfonso de la Cerda	1295
date of birth	S. Thangavelu (Sundaram Thangavelu) (born 1957) is an Indian mathematician who specialised in harmonic analysis.	Sundaram Thangavelu	1957
date of birth	Thomas Bangalter (; born 3 January 1975) is a French electronic musician best known for being one half of the French house music duo Daft Punk, alongside Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo.	Thomas Bangalter	3 January 1975
date of birth	Pandit Ritwik Sanyal (born 12 April 1953) is an Indian classical singer and the Dhrupad maestro from Varanasi, and a professor of vocal music and Ex Dean at the faculty of performing arts at Banaras Hindu University.	Ritwik Sanyal	12 April 1953
date of birth	Jesús Salinas Ortega, better known as his stage name Chucho Salinas (12 February 1928 -- 8 November 2001) was a Mexican film and television actor and comedian.	Chucho Salinas	12 February 1928
date of birth	Martin Dunn (born 26 January 1955) is a British journalist and former newspaper editor.	Martin Dunn	26 January 1955
date of birth	Wong Ting-kwong, SBS (Chinese: 黃定光, born 12 September 1949, Hong Kong) is a member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Legco), representing import and export industry in functional constituencies seats.	Wong Ting-kwong	12 September 1949
date of birth	Ali Khalifa Al-Kuwari (Arabic: علي خليفة الكواري‎; born in 1941) is a Qatari democracy activist, author and professor.	Ali Khalifa Al-Kuwari	1941
date of birth	Nikhil Kumar (Hindi: निखिल कुमार) (born 15 July 1941) is an Indian politician who was Governor of Nagaland from 2009 to 2013 and Governor of Kerala from 2013 to 2014.	Nikhil Kumar	15 July 1941
date of birth	Abram French (1805--1884) was a crockery, glassware, and china dealer in 19th-century Boston, Massachusetts.	Abram French	1805
date of birth	Yulia Ivanova (Юлия Иванова)(born 1983) is a Russian beauty queen and a model.	Yulia Ivanova	1983
date of birth	Mbenzu Ngamboni Boskill, better known as Bozi Boziana (born in 1952), is congolese guitarist and singer.	Bozi Boziana	1952
date of birth	Leslie Jamison (born ca. 1983) is an American novelist and essayist.	Leslie Jamison	1983
date of birth	Charlie Catlett (born 1960) is a Senior Computer Scientist at Argonne National Laboratory and a Senior Fellow in the Computation Institute, a joint institute of Argonne National Laboratory and The University of Chicago.	Charlie Catlett	1960
date of birth	Ludwig Crocius (also Ludovicus Crocius) (29 March 1586 -- 7 December 1653 or 1655) was a German Calvinist minister.	Ludwig Crocius	29 March 1586
date of birth	Jonathan Pienaar (born 16 September 1962) is a South African writer, actor, voice-over artist and comedian who has been active for over 20 years.	Jonathan Pienaar	16 September 1962
date of birth	Thomas Rede (c. 1390-- c. 1455) was a merchant, landholder, knight and public official of Roche Castle near Laugharne, Carmarthenshire.	Thomas Rede	1390
date of birth	Misagh Memarzadeh (Persian: میثاق معمارزاده‎‎; born 9 January 1983) is an Iranian footballer who is currently a Free agent.	Misagh Memarzadeh	9 January 1983
date of birth	Elihu Palmer (1764 -- April 7, 1806) was an author and advocate of deism in the early days of the United States.	Elihu Palmer	1764
date of birth	Wang Huaixiang (Chinese: 王淮湘) (1920 - February 23, 2013) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Wang Huaixiang	1920
date of birth	Joanie Leeds (born October, 1978, in Miami, Florida) is a musician best known for her work as a children's musical artist.	Joanie Leeds	1978
date of birth	James Martin Hannett (31 May 1948 -- 18 April 1991), initially credited as Martin Zero, was a record producer and an original partner/director at Factory Records with Tony Wilson.	Martin Hannett	31 May 1948
date of birth	Lucas Veronese (born 6 February 1991) is a French ex-professional footballer.	Lucas Veronese	6 February 1991
date of birth	Ze'ev Chafets (born 1947) is an American-Israeli author and columnist.	Ze'ev Chafets	1947
date of birth	Mark Tilton is a UK screenwriter, filmmaker and musician, born 1962 in Blackpool, England.	Mark Tilton	1962
date of birth	Joel Pohjanpalo (born 13 September 1994), is a Finnish professional football striker who plays for German 2.	Joel Pohjanpalo	13 September 1994
date of birth	Lyse Lemieux (born 1936) was the Chief Justice of the Quebec Superior Court from 1996 until 2004.	Lyse Lemieux	1936
date of birth	Cary Karp ( born 3 April 1947), is a museum curator based in Sweden, has been instrumental in developing online facilities for museums in the context of the International Council of Museums (ICOM).	Cary Karp	3 April 1947
date of birth	Richard Baneham (born 1974) is an Irish animator and visual effects supervisor, who has worked on such films as the The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, the Chronicles of Narnia, and Avatar.	Richard Baneham	1974
date of birth	Joan Francés Fulcònis (in classical Occitan; Johan Frances Fulconis as written in his original edition) was a mathematician born in Lieusola (today and in French Isola) ca 1520 and who lived in Nice.	Joan Francés Fulcònis	1520
date of birth	Oleg Grinevsky (Russian: Олег Алексеевич Гриневский) (born 12 November 1930 in Moscow, Russian SFSR is a Russian diplomat, former Ambassador to Sweden, political scientist, Cand.Sc. (history) and author.	Oleg Grinevsky	12 November 1930
date of birth	Helen Dallimore (born 31 October 1971 in Melbourne) is an Australian actress, known for originating the role of Glinda in the West End production of Wicked.	Helen Dallimore	31 October 1971
date of birth	Mohamad Hanif Baktash, an ethnic Pashtun of the Amarkhel tribe, was born on 9 May 1961 in Maidan Shar (30 km far from Kabul).	Hanif Baktash	9 May 1961
date of birth	Iztok Geister (born 20 August 1945) is a Slovene writer, poet, essayist and ornithologist.	Iztok Geister	20 August 1945
date of birth	Private William H. Strayer (born 1847, date of death unknown) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 3rd U.S. Cavalry during the Indian Wars in Nebraska.	William H. Strayer	1847
date of birth	Hossein Shams (Persian: حسین شمس‎, born 6 April 1961) is an Iranian futsal coach.	Hossein Shams	6 April 1961
date of birth	Guo Zhijian (born 21 July 1971) is a Chinese news anchor for China Central Television, the main state announcer of China.	Guo Zhijian	21 July 1971
date of birth	Henry Northey Hooper (1799 -- 1865) was a preeminent 19th-century American manufacturer and merchant of decorative lighting, Civil War artillery, and bells and chimes.	Henry Northey Hooper	1799
date of birth	Georg Jann (born 17 January 1934) is a German organ builder.	Georg Jann	17 January 1934
date of birth	Ella Mary Edghill (born 13 November 1881 at Aldershot; date of death unknown) was a British translator known primarily for her translation of Categories which appeared in Volume 1 (1928) of the The Works of Aristotle series, edited by W. D. Ross and J. A. Smith.	Ella Mary Edghill	13 November 1881
date of birth	Faith Middleton (born 1948) is a Connecticut Public Radio talk show host.	Faith Middleton	1948
date of birth	Nicandro Durante (born 13 September 1956) is a Brazilian businessman, currently Chief Executive of British American Tobacco plc (informally BAT), the world's second-largest tobacco company by sales.	Nicandro Durante	13 September 1956
date of birth	Sonja Eggerickx (born 1947) is a Belgian secular humanist who is the President of the International Humanist and Ethical Union.	Sonja Eggerickx	1947
date of birth	Ivor Bulmer-Thomas CBE FSA (30 November 1905 -- 7 October 1993), born Ivor Thomas, was a British journalist and author who served eight years as a Member of Parliament (MP).	Ivor Bulmer-Thomas	30 November 1905
date of birth	Suzanne Alaywan (born 1974) is a poet and painter.	Suzanne Alaywan	1974
date of birth	Engebret Olsen Moe (22 July 1780 -- 9 May 1849) was a Norwegian Member of parliament.	Engebret Olsen Moe	1780
date of birth	Manan Sharma (born 19 March 1991) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Delhi cricket team in domestic cricket.	Manan Sharma	19 March 1991
date of birth	John F. Carlson (May 5, 1875 -- May 19, 1947) was a Swedish-born American Impressionist artist.	John F. Carlson	1875
date of birth	Henry IV, Duke of Mecklenburg (1417 -- 9 March 1477) was from 1422 to 1477 Duke of Mecklenburg.	Henry IV, Duke of Mecklenburg	1417
date of birth	Gustav Imroth (29 June 1862 -- 10 October 1946) was a minor Randlord who played a role in the development of the South African diamond-mining industry and sports.	Gustav Imroth	29 June 1862
date of birth	Thomas Apthorpe Cooper (born London, England, 1776; d. Bristol, Pennsylvania, 21 April 1849) was an actor.	Thomas Apthorpe Cooper	1776
date of birth	Elena Milashina (born 1978) is a Russian investigative journalist for Novaya Gazeta.	Elena Milashina	1978
date of birth	Jim Branagan (born 3 July 1955 in Urmston, Lancashire) is an English-born former footballer who played in the Football League as a full back for Oldham Athletic, Huddersfield Town, Blackburn Rovers, Preston North End and York City, and also in South Africa for Cape Town City.	Jim Branagan	3 July 1955
date of birth	Leonard John Nike OBE DL (born 1935) is an English businessman, and a Bracknell-based leisure and hotel entrepreneur.	John Nike	1935
date of birth	Henryk Abicht (1835--1863) was a Polish independence activist and exile, a member of the Polish Democratic Society.	Henryk Abicht	1835
date of birth	Nicholas Shaxson (born 1966) is a British author, journalist and investigator.	Nicholas Shaxson	1966
date of birth	Sachchida Nand Tripathi (born 24 July 1971) is an Indian scientist who works in the field of Atmospheric Sciences.	Sachchida Nand Tripathi	1971
date of birth	Zeca Baleiro (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈzɛkɐ baˈlejru), born 11 April 1966) is a Brazilian MPB artist.	Zeca Baleiro	11 April 1966
date of birth	Rick Wayne (born Learie Carasco, 27 January 1938), OBE, is a pop singer.	Rick Wayne	27 January 1938
date of birth	Charles Linder (born 1967), aka Cashcowboy, is an American artist.	Charles Linder	1967
date of birth	Anthony Rushton (born 3 November 1971) is a British tech entrepreneur and the co-founder and chief executive officer of Telemetry, an online video advertising security and optimisation firm.	Anthony Rushton	3 November 1971
date of birth	Clare McDonnell (born 1967) is a Sony Radio Academy Awards winning British radio broadcaster and presenter.	Clare McDonnell	1967
date of birth	Sir George Russell Drysdale, AC (7 February 1912 -- 29 June 1981) was an Australian artist.	Russell Drysdale	7 February 1912
date of birth	Ryan Cummins (born 14 April 1984) is an English cricketer, who represented Leicestershire County Cricket Club.	Ryan Cummins	14 April 1984
date of birth	Ioannis Karavitis (Greek: Ιωάννης Καραβίτης 1883--1949) was a Greek leader in the Macedonian Struggle from Crete.	Ioannis Karavitis	1883
date of birth	Ralph Schoenman (born 1935) is an American left-wing activist who was a personal secretary to Bertrand Russell and became general secretary of the Bertrand Russell Peace Foundation.	Ralph Schoenman	1935
date of birth	Charles Minthorn Murphy (October 1870 -- February 16, 1950), also known as Mile-a-Minute Murphy, was an American cycling athlete.	Charles Minthorn Murphy	October 1870
date of birth	Richard Martin Meredith Q.C. (27 March 1847 -- 20 May 1934) was a co-founder and the first Chancellor of The University of Western Ontario; vice-chancellor of Ontario;	Richard Martin Meredith	1847
date of birth	Prabhjot Singh (born 14 August 1980) is a field hockey forward for the Indian National Hockey Team.	Prabhjot Singh	14 August 1980
date of birth	Alan Bosworth (born 31 December 1967 in Northampton, England), is a professional boxer, using the nickname ``Bozzy''.	Alan Bosworth	31 December 1967
date of birth	Makhdoom Sajjad Hussain Qureshi (Urdu: سجاد ھسین قریشی‎) (1 January 1897 -- 31 December 1997) was the Governor of Punjab from 30 December 1985 to 9 December 1988.	Sajjad Hussain Qureshi	1 January 1897
date of birth	Madoline Thomas (2 January 1890 -- 30 December 1989) was a Welsh actress whose career encompassed stage, film and television roles.	Madoline Thomas	2 January 1890
date of birth	Jenny Eclair (born Jenny Clare Hargreaves on 16 March 1960) is an English comedian, novelist and actress, best known for her roles in Grumpy Old Women between 2004 and 2007 and in Loose Women in 2011 and 2012.	Jenny Eclair	16 March 1960
date of birth	Wang Wupin (born 18 January 1991) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the long jump and triple jump.	Wang Wupin	18 January 1991
date of birth	Guðrún Kristín Magnúsdóttir (born 27 September 1939 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic author and artist.	Guðrún Kristín Magnúsdóttir	27 September 1939
date of birth	John Brande Morris, known to friends as Jack Morris (born at Brentford, Middlesex, 4 September 1812; died at Hammersmith, London, 9 April 1880) was an English Anglican theologian, later a Roman Catholic priest.	John Brande Morris	4 September 1812
date of birth	Messaouda Boubaker (born 19 February 1954) is a Tunisian novelist and short story writer who writes in Arabic.	Messaouda Boubaker	19 February 1954
date of birth	Magnus Krog (born 19 March 1987) is a Norwegian nordic combined skier who has competed since 2005.	Magnus Krog	19 March 1987
date of birth	Henry Siegman (born 1930) is a German-born American.	Henry Siegman	1930
date of birth	Mila D. Aguilar (born 1949) is a Filipina poet, revolutionary, essayist, teacher, video documentarian, and website designer.	Mila D. Aguilar	1949
date of birth	Michelle Rossignol, OC, CQ (born 4 February 1940) is a Canadian film actress.	Michelle Rossignol	4 February 1940
date of birth	Alan Shallcross (8 June 1932, Heswell, Cheshire (now Merseyside) -- 22 December 2010) was a British television producer Educated at Exeter College, Oxford, where his contemporaries were Alan Bennett and Russell Harty, he joined BBC Television initially working as a programme planner.	Alan Shallcross	8 June 1932
date of birth	Jules A. Hoffmann (born 2 August 1941) is a Luxembourg-born French biologist.	Jules A. Hoffmann	2 August 1941
date of birth	Michael L. Murray, Ph.D., (born Washington, D.C., 1974) is an American folklorist formerly on the faculty of Princeton University.	Michael L. Murray	1974
date of birth	Robert Stacy McCain (born 1959) is an American conservative journalist, writer, and blogger.	Robert Stacy McCain	1959
date of birth	Dana Nălbaru (born 23 October 1976) is a Romanian singer, songwriter, and musician.	Dana Nălbaru	23 October 1976
date of birth	Karsten Alnæs (born 29 May 1938) Norwegian author, historian, and journalist, received advanced dual degrees in history and literature from the University of Oslo.	Karsten Alnæs	29 May 1938
date of birth	Karolina Kucharczyk (born 24 April 1991, in Rawicz) is a Polish Paralympic athlete who began in her sport at age twelve.	Karolina Kucharczyk	24 April 1991
date of birth	Kevin Kinahan (born 1971) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-back for the Offaly senior hurling team.	Kevin Kinahan	1971
date of birth	Gail Ryan (born 11 January 1939) is a film and television hairdresser.	Gail Ryan	11 January 1939
date of birth	Krzysztof Crell-Spinowski (Latin: Crellius Spinovius, English: Christopher Crell) (Raków, Kielce County 1622 - December 12, 1680) was an Arian theologian, pastor of the church of the Polish Brethren.	Krzysztof Crell-Spinowski	1622
date of birth	Christopher Hamill (born 19 December 1958), better known by his stage name Limahl (an anagram of Hamill), is an English pop singer.	Limahl	19 December 1958
date of birth	Jozef Barmoš (born 28 August 1954) is a former Slovak football coach and former player.	Jozef Barmoš	28 August 1954
date of birth	Bernard Rochford (born 1979) is an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork and Kerry senior teams.	Bernard Rochford	1979
date of birth	Eugenia Smith (1899 -- January 31, 1997), also known as Eugenia Drabek Smetisko, was one of several Romanov impostors who claimed to be the Grand Duchess Anastasia, youngest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II, the last autocratic ruler of Imperial Russia, and his wife Tsarina Alexandra.	Eugenia Smith	1899
date of birth	Susan Alamo, née Edith Opal Horn (April 25, 1925 -- April 8, 1982) was an American religious figure, cofounder with her husband of the Tony & Susan Alamo Christian Foundation.	Susan Alamo	1925
date of birth	John Conduitt (/ˈkɒndwɪt, -duːɪt, -djuːɪt/; c. 8 March 1688 -- 23 May 1737) was a British Member of Parliament and Master of the Mint who married Sir Isaac Newton's niece.	John Conduitt	1688
date of birth	Victoria Meyer-Laker (born 18 March 1988) is a British professional rower and a member of the Great Britain Rowing Team.	Victoria Meyer-Laker	18 March 1988
date of birth	Severino de Ramos Clementino da Silva (born 10 January 1986), known as Nino Paraíba or simply Nino, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ponte Preta as a right back.	Nino Paraíba	10 January 1986
date of birth	Noel Stagg (born 1968) is hurling and football player.	Noel Stagg	1968
date of birth	Igor Giorgadze (Georgian: იგორ გიორგაძე) (born 23 July 1950) is a Georgian politician, a former Minister of State Security (1993--1995) and the current leader of the `´Samartlianoba´´(Justice) Party.	Igor Giorgadze	23 July 1950
date of birth	Kurt Dahlke (born 29 April 1958) is a German musician and record producer.	Kurt Dahlke	29 April 1958
date of birth	Yin Tao (Chinese: 殷桃; pinyin: Yīn Táo; born 6 December 1979) is a Chinese actress.	Yin Tao	6 December 1979
date of birth	Larry Lehman (1945 -- December 10, 2004) was a Chief Justice of the Wyoming Supreme Court.	Larry Lehman	1945
date of birth	Mark Olive (b. 1962), also known as the Black Olive, is an Indigenous Australian chef.	Mark Olive	1962
date of birth	Wiktor Thommée (1881--1962) was a Polish military commander and a Brigadier General of the Polish Army.	Wiktor Thommée	1881
date of birth	Michael Symons (born 16 September 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Michael Symons	16 September 1971
date of birth	Archibald Middleton (born 27 October 1871) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Fitzroy.	Archibald Middleton	27 October 1871
date of birth	John Cunningham Wood (born 1952) is an Australian economist, author, and the Chief Executive Officer of the University Division at Navitas, known as series editor of the ``Critical Assessment of Leading Economists'' series of Taylor & Francis.	John Cunningham Wood	1952
date of birth	Loren Dykes (born 5 February 1988) is a footballer who plays for the Welsh national team and Bristol Academy.	Loren Dykes	5 February 1988
date of birth	Annelie Ehrhardt, (née Jahns on 18 June 1950) is a retired German hurdler.	Annelie Ehrhardt	18 June 1950
date of birth	Fahrudin Đurđević (Macedonian Cyrillic: Фахрудин Ѓурѓевиќ, born 17 February 1992) is a Macedonian footballer of who plays with Makedonija GP.	Fahrudin Đurđević	17 February 1992
date of birth	Kenny O'Dell (born Kenneth Gist Jr., 1946 in Oklahoma) is an American country music singer and songwriter.	Kenny O'Dell	1946
date of birth	Abd al-Majeed al-Qadi (Arabic: عبد المجيد القاضي ; born 1934) is a Yemeni playwright and writer.	Abd al-Majeed al-Qadi	1934
date of birth	By his own account, Giovanni Defendi was born on 24 June 1849 in Casalmaggiore, Italy.	Giovanni Defendi	24 June 1849
date of birth	Åsta Holth (13 February 1904, Svullrya, Solør -- 16 March 1999) was a Norwegian novelist, poet and short story writer.	Åsta Holth	13 February 1904
date of birth	Kuini Liliha (c. 1802--1839) was a High Chiefess in the ancient Hawaiian tradition and served the Kingdom of Hawaii as royal governor of Oʻahu island.	Kuini Liliha	1802
date of birth	Thomas Grant Hadwin (born 1948) was a Canadian forest engineer.	Grant Hadwin	1948
date of birth	Michael Francies (born 14 October 1956) is a British solicitor who specializes in equity financing.	Michael Francies	14 October 1956
date of birth	Steven Van Broeckhoven (27 September 1985) is a Belgian windsurfer, specialized in freestyle.	Steven Van Broeckhoven	27 September 1985
date of birth	Trine Pallesen (born 19 June 1969) is a Danish actress, best known for her work in Danish TV series Rejseholdet and Forbrydelsen.	Trine Pallesen	19 June 1969
date of birth	Barry Denny (born 10 May 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.	Barry Denny	10 May 1953
date of birth	Sasson Gabai (Hebrew: ששון גבאי Arabic: ساسون جاباي‎; born 24 November 1947) is an Israeli actor.	Sasson Gabai	24 November 1947
date of birth	Eva Pel (Purmerend, 1973) is a Dutch visual artist living and working in Amsterdam.	Eva Pel	1973
date of birth	Ryan Cross (born 6 October 1979) is a Rugby Union football player for Racing Metro 92 after signing from USA Perpignan in the French Top 14.	Ryan Cross	6 October 1979
date of birth	Muhammad Hasan (born 1902, date of death unknown) was a Prince in the Afghanistani House of Barakzai.	Muhammad Hasan	1902
date of birth	Leon Thijssen (born 15 January 1968 in Baarlo) is a Dutch show jumper.	Leon Thijssen	15 January 1968
date of birth	CN Lester (born 1984) is a British classical and alternative singer-songwriter, as well as an LGBTI and transgender rights activist.	CN Lester	1984
date of birth	Jill Gomez, Countess of Northesk (born 21 September 1942) is a Trinidadian and British soprano who enjoyed an active career on the operatic stage and in the concert hall in a wide repertoire, and has made many recordings.	Jill Gomez	21 September 1942
date of birth	Menachem Mendel of Rimanov (1745--May 29, 1815) was a Hasidic Rebbe and author.	Menachem Mendel of Rimanov	1745
date of birth	Martin Kupper (born 31 May 1989) is an Estonian track and field athlete who competes in the discus throw.	Martin Kupper	31 May 1989
date of birth	Sathnam Sanghera (born Wolverhampton, 1976) is an award-winning journalist and author.	Sathnam Sanghera	1976
date of birth	Bryan Cullen (born 7 April 1984) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who currently plays as a left wing-forward for the Dublin senior team.	Bryan Cullen	7 April 1984
date of birth	Zheng Qunliang (Chinese: 郑群良; born January 1954) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Zheng Qunliang	January 1954
date of birth	Ma Zhaoxu (simplified Chinese: 马朝旭; traditional Chinese: 馬朝旭; pinyin: Mǎ Zhāoxù; born September 1963) is the current Chinese Ambassador to Australia.	Ma Zhaoxu	September 1963
date of birth	Horace Ové, CBE (born 1939), is a British filmmaker, photographer, painter and writer, one of the leading black independent film-makers to emerge in Britain since the post-war period.	Horace Ové	1939
date of birth	Ania Walwicz (born 1951) is a contemporary Australian poet and prose writer, and visual artist.	Ania Walwicz	1951
date of birth	Kathy Butler (born 22 October 1973) is a long-distance runner who competes in the 10,000 metres and marathon, as well as cross country running and road running.	Kathy Butler	22 October 1973
date of birth	Mary Waya (born 25 May 1968) is a Malawian netball player and coach.	Mary Waya	25 May 1968
date of birth	Dieter Schnebel (born 14 March 1930 in Lahr/Baden) is a composer.	Dieter Schnebel	14 March 1930
date of birth	Rahim AlHaj (Arabic: رحيم الحاج, born c. 1968) is an American oud musician and composer.	Rahim AlHaj	1968
date of birth	Anton Francesco Lucini (1610 -- after 1661) was an Italian engraver and printmaker, best known for his etchings of the work Dell'Arcano del Mare by Sir Robert Dudley.	Anton Francesco Lucini	1610
date of birth	Rufus Tiger Taylor (born 8 March 1991) is an English musician, best known as the drummer for The Darkness since May 2015, and as a touring drummer for the Queen + Adam Lambert stage show.	Rufus Tiger Taylor	8 March 1991
date of birth	Francis Dodoo (born 13 April 1960) is a retired Ghanaian athlete who competed in the long jump and triple jump.	Francis Dodoo	13 April 1960
date of birth	Thomas Egenton Hogg (1828--1898) was a master in the Confederate States Navy who participated in raids on Union ships during the American Civil War.	Thomas Egenton Hogg	1828
date of birth	Naser Manzuri (Azeri: Nasir Mənzuri; Persian: ناصر منظوری) is an Iranian novelist and linguist, born in 1953 in Mianeh.	Naser Manzuri	1953
date of birth	Neri Marcorè (born 31 July 1966) is an Italian actor, dubber, imitator, TV presenter and singer.	Neri Marcorè	31 July 1966
date of birth	Alberico Di Cecco (born 19 April 1974) is an Italian long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon race.	Alberico Di Cecco	19 April 1974
date of birth	João Ribeiro de Barros (4 April 1900 - 20 July 1947) was the first aviator of the three Americas to make an air crossing from Europe to America, on April 28, 1927, crossing the Atlantic Ocean with the Savoia-Marchetti S.55 hydroplane Jahú.	João Ribeiro de Barros	4 April 1900
date of birth	Juan José Palacios Orihuela (1944--2002) Puerto de Santa Maria (Cadiz).	Juan José Palacios	1944
date of birth	Priscilla Rattazzi (born 1956) is an Italian-born photographer based in New York City who has worked primarily as a magazine photographer and has authored several photography books.	Priscilla Rattazzi	1956
date of birth	Naresh Gaur (Hindi pronunciation: (nəreʃ ɡəʊɽ); born 5 October 1952) is an Indian politician and advocate.	Naresh Gaur	5 October 1952
date of birth	Hugh Gerard Hazen Hansard, Q.C. (1905 -- April 30, 1985) was a Canadian lawyer from Quebec.	Hazen Hansard	1905
date of birth	Zhu Xiaodan (Chinese: 朱小丹; pinyin: Zhū Xiǎodān; born January 1953) is the current Governor of Guangdong province in the People's Republic of China.	Zhu Xiaodan	1953
date of birth	Lise Thibault (French pronunciation: ​(liz tibo); born 2 April 1939) was appointed the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec in 1997 and later sentenced to jail for fraud and ordered to repay the government.	Lise Thibault	2 April 1939
date of birth	Ahlam Shibli (Arabic: أحلام شبلي‎, born 1970) is a Palestinian photographer.	Ahlam Shibli	1970
date of birth	Desislava Topalova (also transliterated as Dessislava Topalova) (Bulgarian: Десислава Топалова, born 8 June 1978) is a retired professional tennis player from Bulgaria.	Desislava Topalova	8 June 1978
date of birth	Alla Sidorovskaya (born Rogova, 27 July 1983) is a Russian footballer.	Alla Sidorovskaya	27 July 1983
date of birth	Marcin Wolski (born 22 July 1947 in Łódź) is a Polish writer, journalist and satirist.	Marcin Wolski	1947
date of birth	Philip Woodward (born 6 September 1919) is a British mathematician, radar engineer and horologist.	Philip Woodward	6 September 1919
date of birth	Staf Scheirlinckx (born 12 March 1979 in Herzele) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer, the brother of another professional cyclist, Bert Scheirlinckx.	Staf Scheirlinckx	12 March 1979
date of birth	Gabriel Temudzani (born 10 February 1980), also known by his stage name Chief Azwindini (on the TV soap Muvhango on SABC 2, on which he has been an actor since 2000), is a South African actor and TV presenter.	Gabriel Temudzani	10 February 1980
date of birth	Erik Ulfsby (born 2 October 1970) is a Norwegian actor, stage instructor and theatre director.	Erik Ulfsby	2 October 1970
date of birth	William Jerdan (16 April 1782 -- 11 July 1869), Scottish journalist, was born at Kelso, Scotland.	William Jerdan	16 April 1782
date of birth	Darius Blandford (1843--1917) was a blacksmith, sealing captain and political figure in Newfoundland.	Darius Blandford	1843
date of birth	Jean-Godefroy Bidima (born 1958 in Mfoumassi) is a Cameroonian philosopher, currently living in the United States.	Jean-Godefroy Bidima	1958
date of birth	Margaret Seltzer (pseudonymously Margaret B. Jones, born 1975 in Los Angeles, California) is an American writer.	Margaret Seltzer	1975
date of birth	Sir David Howarth Seymour Howard, 3rd Baronet (born 1945) is an English aristocrat, businessman and public official.	Sir David Howarth Seymour Howard, 3rd Baronet	1945
date of birth	Drago Jančar (born 13 April 1948) is a Slovenian writer, playwright and essayist.	Drago Jančar	13 April 1948
date of birth	Stas Maliszewski (born Stanislaw Maliszewski pol. Stanisław Maliszewski; August 1944 in Poland) is a Polish American former football linebacker.	Stas Maliszewski	August 1944
date of birth	Justin Barrett (born 1971 in County Tipperary) is an Irish far-right nationalist, pro-life and anti-immigration activist.	Justin Barrett	1971
date of birth	Michel Hidalgo (French pronunciation: ​(mi.ʃɛl i.dal.go); born 22 March 1933) is a French former football player and manager.	Michel Hidalgo	22 March 1933
date of birth	Sarojini Hembram (1 October 1959) is an Indian politician from the Odisha state.	Sarojini Hembram	1 October 1959
date of birth	Prince Hashem bin Abdullah (born 30 January 2005) is the fourth child and second son of King Abdullah II and Queen Rania.	Hashem bin Abdullah	30 January 2005
date of birth	Jerzy Makula (born 1952 in Ruda Śląska) is a Polish pilot who won the FAI World Glider Aerobatic Championships six times.	Jerzy Makula	1952
date of birth	Sigiswald Kuijken (Dutch: (ˌsiɣɪsʋɑlt ˈkœykən); born 16 February 1944) is a Belgian violinist, violist, and conductor known for playing on authentic instruments.	Sigiswald Kuijken	16 February 1944
date of birth	Barbara Honigmann (born 12 February 1949 in Berlin) is a German author and artist.	Barbara Honigmann	12 February 1949
date of birth	Francesco Migliori, also known as Francesco Megliori (c. 1684 -1734) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his native Republic of Venice.	Francesco Migliori	1684
date of birth	Phonte Lyshod Coleman, better known as Phonte (born 1978), is an American rapper, formerly of the now defunct North Carolina trio Little Brother and one-half of the duo The Foreign Exchange.	Phonte	1978
date of birth	Nicolas Michel (born 7 November 1949) is Adjunct Professor of international law at the Geneva Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies.	Nicolas Michel	7 November 1949
date of birth	Henry de Burgh, 1st Marquess of Clanricarde KP, PC (Ire) (8 January 1742 -- 8 December 1797), styled Lord Dunkellin from birth to 1782, was an Irish peer and politician.	Henry de Burgh, 1st Marquess of Clanricarde	8 January 1742
date of birth	Carlos Enrique Meyer (born in 1953) is an Argentine businessman and public official who was appointed as the nation's Minister of Tourism upon the post's establishment on July 1, 2010.	Carlos Enrique Meyer	1953
date of birth	Anne Greene (born 1628, hanged 1650, died 1665) was an English domestic servant who was accused of committing infanticide in 1650.	Anne Greene	1628
date of birth	Hans Ledersteger (1898--1971) was an Austrian art director who worked for many years in the German film industry.	Hans Ledersteger	1898
date of birth	Benjamin Satchwell (3 January 1732--1 December 1810) was one of the founding fathers of Leamington Spa in Warwickshire, England.	Benjamin Satchwell	1732
date of birth	Sarangapani Raman (born 1920, date of death unknown) was an Indian footballer, who played for the Mysore State Police football team.	Sarangapani Raman	1920
date of birth	Ángela Vargas Vega, better known by her artistic name of Angelita Vargas (born in Seville in 1946) is a Spanish flamenco dancer, considered one of the greatest stars of the Andalusian music scene.	Angelita Vargas	1946
date of birth	Clarrie Horder was born in Sydney, New South Wales to parents Charles and Ellen Horder on 27 August 1890.	Clarrie Horder	27 August 1890
date of birth	Kevan Broadhurst (born 3 June 1959) is an English former professional footballer, coach and football manager.	Kevan Broadhurst	3 June 1959
date of birth	Eloise Harriet Stannard (1829--1915) was a British 19th century painter known for her still life work.	Eloise Harriet Stannard	1829
date of birth	Steven Dexter (born 1962) is a theatre director and writer.	Steven Dexter	1962
date of birth	Martin T. Buell, born August 31, 1942 in Honolulu, Hawaii, founded the Universal Kempo Karate Schools Association in 1981.	Martin T. Buell	1942
date of birth	Patricia Young (born 1954, Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian poet, and short story writer.	Patricia Young	1954
date of birth	Sir Stephen Mackenzie FRCP (14 October 1844 -- 3 September 1909) was a British physician, knighted in 1903.	Stephen Mackenzie	1844
date of birth	Royston Dias (born 30 January 1993) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Mumbai Under-19 team.	Royston Dias	30 January 1993
date of birth	Keith Kingbay (born on 30 April 1914) was a racer, manufacturer, advocate, and author in bicycling.	Keith Kingbay	30 April 1914
date of birth	Andy Gee (born Andreas Gröber, September 1950 in Berlin) is a German guitarist and musician, best known for his time with Peter Bardens, Steve Ellis and as a temporary member of Thin Lizzy.	Andy Gee	September 1950
date of birth	Ziemowit Wojciechowski (born 3 October 1948) is a Polish born former fencer.	Ziemowit Wojciechowski	3 October 1948
date of birth	Laura More (using the pseudonym Laura Muncey) (born 16 December 1984) is a British singer who is best known for her appearance in the ``Call on Me'' music video, and in her lead vocals in Uniting Nations single ``Ai No Corrida''.	Laura More	16 December 1984
date of birth	Huáscar Barradas (born Maracaibo, 1964) is a Venezuelan flutist and Professor of flute at the ``Instituto Universitario de Estudios Musicales'' in Caracas.	Huáscar Barradas	1964
date of birth	Carl Georg Ferdinand Thielemann (8 March 1803 -- 13 May 1863) was a Danish architect and royal building inspector during the 19h century.	Ferdinand Thielemann	8 March 1803
date of birth	Hannah Bunce Watson (28 December 1749 -- 27 September 1807) was a newspaper publisher from the U.S. state of Connecticut, whose printed output supported the American Revolutionary War.	Hannah Bunce Watson	28 December 1749
date of birth	Christian Newberry (born in 1968) is a British former competitive figure skater.	Christian Newberry	1968
date of birth	Peter M. Brant (born March 1, 1947) is an American industrialist, businessman, art collector and philanthropist.	Peter M. Brant	1947
date of birth	Abir Abrar (born 1985) is an Indian stage, film, and television actress.	Abir Abrar	1985
date of birth	Sebastian Copeland (born 1964) is an award winning photographer, polar explorer, author, lecturer, and environmental activist.	Sebastian Copeland	1964
date of birth	Banu Avar (born 18 July 1955, Eskisehir) is a Turkish author, journalist, news anchor, and political commentator.	Banu Avar	18 July 1955
date of birth	Loda Halama (20 July 1911 -- 13 July 1996) was a Polish dancer and actress.	Loda Halama	20 July 1911
date of birth	Robert Kingsley (1903-1988) was an American legal scholar and California judge.	Robert Kingsley	1903
date of birth	Otomārs Oškalns (12 April 1904 -- 1 September 1947) was a prominent Latvian communist and partisan fighter.	Otomārs Oškalns	12 April 1904
date of birth	Fajar Alfian (born 7 March 1995) is an Indonesian badminton player in double specialist.	Fajar Alfian	7 March 1995
date of birth	Shoukath (born 1971) is a Malayalam philosophical mystical writer.	Shoukath	1971
date of birth	Ma Yong (simplified Chinese: 马勇; traditional Chinese: 馬勇; pinyin: Mǎ Yǒng; born January 1957) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in central China's Hunan province.	Ma Yong	1957
date of birth	Anushka Sharma (pronounced (əˈnʊʂkaː ˈʃərmaː); born 1 May 1988) is an Indian film actress and producer.	Anushka Sharma	1 May 1988
date of birth	Diego Stocco (born 1976) is an Italian sound designer and composer for movies, television and video games.	Diego Stocco	1976
date of birth	Steinar Lone (born 23 August 1955) is a Norwegian translator.	Steinar Lone	23 August 1955
date of birth	Everett McDonald (born c. 1958) is a Canadian politician who was an elected member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the electoral district of Grande Prairie-Smoky from 2012 to 2015.	Everett McDonald	1958
date of birth	Pieta Brown (born 1973) is an American musician and singer-songwriter who has released five albums and three EPs.	Pieta Brown	1973
date of birth	Jeremy Levin (born 1954) is a South African-born businessman, medical doctor and research scientist.	Jeremy Levin	1954
date of birth	Nick Fulwood (born 2 October 1963) is a retired British tennis player who reached the third round of the 1989 Wimbledon Championships.	Nick Fulwood	2 October 1963
date of birth	Yadin Zaris (Hebrew: ידין זריס‎; born 14 May 1990) is an Israeli striker player who currently plays for Israeli side Hapoel Hod HaSharon.	Yadin Zaris	14 May 1990
date of birth	Ernst Wilhelm Eduard von Knorr (8 March 1840 -- 17 February 1920) was a German admiral of the Kaiserliche Marine who helped establish the German colonial empire.	Eduard von Knorr	8 March 1840
date of birth	Robert Cameron Sharp (born 3 June 1958) is a Scottish former sprinter.	Cameron Sharp	3 June 1958
date of birth	David Stirton (1816 -- August 16, 1908) was a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons representing Wellington South from 1867 to 1876.	David Stirton	1816
date of birth	Lucius Valerius Septimius Bassus (c. 328 - aft. 379 or 383) was a Praefectus Urbi Romae in 379 or 383.	Lucius Valerius Septimius Bassus	328
date of birth	Bernard Yack (born 1952) is a Canadian born American political theorist.	Bernard Yack	1952
date of birth	Lyon Cohen (1868-1937) was a Polish-born Canadian businessman and a philanthropist.	Lyon Cohen	1868
date of birth	Silvia Sommer (born 9 April 1944) is an Austrian composer, pianist and music producer.	Silvia Sommer	9 April 1944
date of birth	James Pickford is a British race car driver, born 30 April 1979 in Macclesfield, Cheshire.	James Pickford	1979
date of birth	Elwyn Hartley Edwards, MC, was an equestrian writer and editor, born on 17 April 1927.	Elwyn Hartley Edwards	1927
date of birth	Sir John Bland-Sutton, 1st Baronet (21 April 1855 -- 20 December 1936), was a British physician.	John Bland-Sutton	21 April 1855
date of birth	Janis Mackey Frayer (born 1970) is a Canadian journalist with CTV National News.	Janis Mackey Frayer	1970
date of birth	Toba Khedoori (born 1964 in Australia) is an artist of Iraqi heritage, known primarily for highly detailed mixed-media paintings executed on large sheets of wax-coated paper.	Toba Khedoori	1964
date of birth	Joanne Samuel (born 5 August 1957) is an Australian actress who is best known for her role as the screen wife of Mel Gibson's title character in the 1979 film Mad Max.	Joanne Samuel	5 August 1957
date of birth	Lester Horton (23 January 1906 -- 2 November 1953) was an American dancer, choreographer, and teacher.	Lester Horton	23 January 1906
date of birth	Everett Peter Greenberg (born 1948) is an American microbiologist.	Everett Peter Greenberg	1948
date of birth	Kári Steinn Karlsson (born 19 May 1986) is an Icelandic long-distance runner.	Kári Steinn Karlsson	19 May 1986
date of birth	David Markham (3 April 1913 -- 15 December 1983) was an English stage and film actor for over forty years.	David Markham	3 April 1913
date of birth	Eamonn Boyce (born 1925) was an Irish volunteer of the Irish Republican Army.	Eamonn Boyce	1925
date of birth	Ruxandra Lăpușneanu (1538--21.11.1570) was a princess consort of Moldavia by marriage to Alexandru Lăpușneanu.	Ruxandra Lăpușneanu	1538
date of birth	Mats Werner (born 1 June 1953) is a Swedish, retired professional footballer.	Mats Werner	1 June 1953
date of birth	John Turitzin was approximately born in 1955.	John Turitzin	1955
date of birth	João Lopes Marques (born 29 August 1971 in Lisbon) is a Tallinn-based writer, journalist and blogger.	João Lopes Marques	29 August 1971
date of birth	Ade Adepitan MBE (born 27 March 1973) is a British television presenter and wheelchair basketball player.	Ade Adepitan	27 March 1973
date of birth	Erastus Tjejamba (born 1936) was the Chairman of the Executive Committee of Hereroland from September 1984 to August 1987 and from October 1987 to February 1988.	Erastus Tjejamba	1936
date of birth	Polonca Kovač, true name Magdalena Kovač, (born 19 February 1937) is a Slovene children's writer and translator.	Polonca Kovač	19 February 1937
date of birth	Janka Kulcsár (born 8 April 1985) is a Hungarian pianist and répétiteur, and a founding member of the Moltopera Company.	Janka Kulcsár	8 April 1985
date of birth	Alissa Firsova (Russian: Алисса Фирсова; born 24 July 1986) is a Russian-British classical composer, pianist and conductor.	Alissa Firsova	24 July 1986
date of birth	Johanna Klum (born 12 July 1980 in Berlin) is a German television presenter and former singer.	Johanna Klum	12 July 1980
date of birth	Julie Ann Dawson (born August 1971), is an American horror fiction writer, RPG designer, and publisher.	Julie Ann Dawson	1971
date of birth	Ravi V. Bellamkonda (born 1968) is a biomedical engineer and the department chair of the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology and Emory University since 2013.	Ravi V. Bellamkonda	1968
date of birth	Gordon Edwards was born in Canada in 1940, and graduated from the University of Toronto in 1961 with a gold medal in Mathematics and Physics and a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship.	Gordon Edwards	1940
date of birth	David Lenz (born, 1962, Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American portrait painter.	David Lenz	1962
date of birth	Alisha Dash (13 September 1993 -- ) is an Indian model turned actress.	Alisha Dash	13 September 1993
date of birth	Pier Luigi Bellini delle Stelle (1920-1984) was an Italian anti-fascist partisan and lawyer, notable for capturing Benito Mussolini at Dongo in April 1945.	Pier Luigi Bellini delle Stelle	1920
date of birth	Jorge Curbelo full name Jorge Winston Curbelo Garis (born 21 December 1981) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Arsenal de Sarandí in the Argentine Primera División.	Jorge Curbelo	21 December 1981
date of birth	Sharena Gunawan, better known by the stage name Sharena (born 11 October 1983), is an Indonesian actress and model.	Sharena	11 October 1983
date of birth	Ligia Consuelo Bonetti Dubreil (b. Santo Domingo, 27 March 1968), also known as Ligia Bonetti de Valiente, is a businesswoman from the Dominican Republic.	Ligia Bonetti	27 March 1968
date of birth	William Alexander Greenhill (1 January 1814, Stationers' Hall, London -- 19 September 1894, Hastings) was an English physician, literary editor and sanitary reformer.	William Alexander Greenhill	1814
date of birth	Margaret Wirrpanda (1939-February 24, 2013) was a campaigner for Australian Aboriginal rights.	Margaret Wirrpanda	1939
date of birth	Leo Schofield AM (born 6 May 1935) is an Australian restaurant critic, contributing a weekly column in The Mercury.	Leo Schofield	6 May 1935
date of birth	Eugenia Vronskaya (born 1966) is a Russian figurative painter.	Eugenia Vronskaya	1966
date of birth	Barbara Jefford, OBE (born 26 July 1930) is a British Shakespearean actress best known for her theatrical performances with the Royal Shakespeare Company, the Old Vic and the National Theatre, and her role as Molly Bloom in the 1967 film of James Joyce's Ulysses.	Barbara Jefford	26 July 1930
date of birth	Ernest Sibanda (born 25 December 1925) was the first black person to join The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Zimbabwe.	Ernest Sibanda	25 December 1925
date of birth	Francesco di Bartolommeo Alfei (Montalcino, 1421 - Siena, after 1491) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active in Siena.	Francesco di Bartolommeo Alfei	1421
date of birth	Mahmoud Omar Mahmoud Shelbaieh (born 20 May 1980) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian descent, who is a striker for Al-Wehdat .	Mahmoud Shelbaieh	20 May 1980
date of birth	Lucy Wangui Kabuu (born 24 March 1984) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 and 10,000 metres events.	Lucy Wangui Kabuu	24 March 1984
date of birth	Stephen Wallace Taylor (born 1965) is a historian and chair of the Department of History and Political Science at Macon State College, in Macon, Georgia.	Stephen Wallace Taylor	1965
date of birth	Denise Rood (born 1955), violinist, has for 15 years been a member of Philharmonia Virtuosi Chamber Orchestra and is currently a member of the Santa Fe Opera.	Denise Rood	1955
date of birth	Mieke Wijaya (born 7 March 1940) is an Indonesian actress who has won three Citra Awards.	Mieke Wijaya	7 March 1940
date of birth	Leo Koretz (1879-1925) was an American lawyer and stockbroker who ran an elaborate Ponzi scheme in Chicago, called the ``Bayano oil fraud,'' which garnered an estimated $30 million (about $400 million today) from hundreds of investors in Chicago.	Leo Koretz	1879
date of birth	William McFadden Orr, FRS (2 May 1866 -- 14 August 1934) was a British and Irish mathematician.	William McFadden Orr	2 May 1866
date of birth	Attila Pinte (born 6 June 1971) is a former Slovak football player of Hungarian ethnicity who currently cooperating as an assistant manager for ŠK SFM Senec.	Attila Pinte	6 June 1971
date of birth	Per Kasperi (born 20 May 1993) is a Swedish ice sledge hockey player.	Per Kasperi	20 May 1993
date of birth	Robert Meeropol (born Robert Rosenberg in 1947) is the younger son of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg.	Robert Meeropol	1947
date of birth	Lyndal Oatley (born 27 June 1980) is an Australian equestrian.	Lyndal Oatley	27 June 1980
date of birth	Sebastian Xavier (born 10 February 1970) is a former Indian swimmer from Kerala.	Sebastian Xavier	10 February 1970
date of birth	Samir Seliminski (born 9 May 1969 in Isperih) is a Bulgarian former football player and the current football manager of Akademik Sofia.	Samir Seliminski	9 May 1969
date of birth	Maurice Berkeley, 3rd Viscount Fitzhardinge (1628--90), of Bruton, Somerset and Pall Mall, Westminster, was an English politician, of the Bruton branch of the Berkeley family.	Maurice Berkeley, 3rd Viscount Fitzhardinge	1628
date of birth	Maja Blagdan (born 16 May 1968) is a Croatian pop singer.	Maja Blagdan	16 May 1968
date of birth	E. Benjamin Skinner (born May 4, 1976) is a writer on modern-day slavery and a Senior Vice President at Tau Investment Management.	Benjamin Skinner	1976
date of birth	Vaughan Oliver (born 1957) is a British graphic designer based in Epsom, South of London.	Vaughan Oliver	1957
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Van Rossem (born 29 May 1945) is a Belgian stock market guru, economist, econometrician, author, philosopher, Public figure, politician and former member of the Belgian & Flemish Parliament	Jean-Pierre Van Rossem	29 May 1945
date of birth	Umberto Rispoli (born 31 August 1988 in San Severino Marche, Italy) is horse racing jockey.	Umberto Rispoli	31 August 1988
date of birth	Joanna Cooper (born 1994) is an Irish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Ireland 2015 and represented Ireland at the Miss Universe 2015.	Joanna Cooper	1994
date of birth	Søren Lerby (born 1 February 1958) is a Danish former football player, manager, and licensed agent.	Søren Lerby	1 February 1958
date of birth	Vasil Tole (born 22 November 1963) is an Albanian composer of European classical music, including opera, chamber music, orchestral works and various pieces for small ensembles and solo instruments.	Vasil Tole	22 November 1963
date of birth	David A. Whiteley (born c. 1944) is a retired American Thoroughbred horse racing trainer who trained three Champions and who in 1979 won the third leg of the U.S. Triple Crown.	David A. Whiteley	1944
date of birth	Gillian Attard M.Q.R. (born 3 February 1983) is a Maltese actress, singer, television personality, and Vocal Coach.	Gillian Attard	3 February 1983
date of birth	Pacomio Poqui was born on La Ranchería de Esniscue, Alta California around 1794 to Chumash parents, and was baptized and given the Spanish name José at Mission La Purisima in 1803.	Pacomio	1794
date of birth	Franny Armstrong (born 3 February 1972) is a British documentary film director working for her own company, Spanner Films, and a former drummer with indie pop group The Band of Holy Joy.	Franny Armstrong	3 February 1972
date of birth	Mirsad Hibić (born 11 October 1973) is a former professional Bosnian footballer who last played for Spanish club Atletico Madrid.	Mirsad Hibić	11 October 1973
date of birth	Princess Aisha bint Faisal of Jordan (born 27 March 1997, Amman) is the daughter Prince Faisal bin Al Hussein and Princess Alia Tabba, and a niece of King Abdullah II of Jordan.	Princess Aisha bint Faisal	27 March 1997
date of birth	Caroline Kraabel (born 1961 in San Francisco) is a London-based American composer, improviser and saxophonist.	Caroline Kraabel	1961
date of birth	Andrew Fenn (born 1 July 1990) is a British cyclist, who rode for Scotland in the 2010 Commonwealth Games and rides for Team Sky.	Andrew Fenn	1 July 1990
date of birth	Hao Chujun (Chinese: 郝處俊; 607--681), formally Duke of Zengshan (甑山公), was an official and general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty, serving as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong.	Hao Chujun	607
date of birth	Ros Drinkwater (born 14 February 1944) is a Scottish-born actress, best known for her portrayal of Paul Temple's wife, Steve, in the eponymous television series, based on the character created by Francis Durbridge.	Ros Drinkwater	14 February 1944
date of birth	Richard Shephard MBE, DL, FRSCM (b. 1949) is a composer, former educator, and Director of Development and Chamberlain of York Minster.	Richard Shephard	1949
date of birth	Audax Minor (1887 -- October 8, 1979), the pen name of George F. T. Ryall, was a Canadian writer who worked as the horse racing columnist for The New Yorker for 52 years.	Audax Minor	1887
date of birth	Hannah Daniel (born 20 January 1986), is a Welsh actress, better known for her roles on BBC Wales TV film Dad and TV series Hinterland.	Hannah Daniel	20 January 1986
date of birth	Emma Nuttall (born 23 April 1992) is a British track and field athlete, who specialises in the high jump.	Emma Nuttall	23 April 1992
date of birth	Frances Adcock (born 9 August 1984) is a British-born Australian former competition swimmer who specialized in backstroke events.	Frances Adcock	9 August 1984
date of birth	Johnny Crowley (born 21 February 1956) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-back with the Cork senior team.	Johnny Crowley	21 February 1956
date of birth	J. Donald Monan, SJ (born December 31, 1924) is the current Chancellor of Boston College and was the 24th President of Boston College, a post he held from 1972 to 1996--the longest such tenure in the University's history.	J. Donald Monan	1924
date of birth	Paul Sagan (born 1959) is an American businessman and an executive in residence (XIR) at General Catalyst Partners.	Paul Sagan	1959
date of birth	Phil McCrea (born 1948) was president of the National Association of Biology Teachers.	Phil McCrea	1948
date of birth	Alexandru Teriachiu (1829 -- March 2, 1893) was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Alexandru Teriachiu	1829
date of birth	Géraldine Olivier (born 5 June 1967 in Marly, Fribourg, maiden name Burri) is a Swiss singer of volkstümliche Musik.	Géraldine Olivier	5 June 1967
date of birth	Ali Khatami (born 1953) is the younger brother of former Iranian president, Mohammed Khatami, and served as his chief of staff during his second term in office.	Ali Khatami	1953
date of birth	Marc Fisher (born 1958 in New York, New York) is a senior editor for the Washington Post where he writes about national, foreign and local issues.	Marc Fisher	1958
date of birth	Reinhard Schaletzki (21 May 1916 -- 21 March 1995), born in Upper Silesia, was a German international footballer.	Reinhard Schaletzki	21 May 1916
date of birth	Birgit Lohberg-Schulz (also Schulz-Lohberg, Lohberg or Schulz; born 3 December 1965) is a retired German freestyle swimmer who won two bronze relay medals at the 1987 and 1989 European Aquatics Championships.	Birgit Lohberg-Schulz	3 December 1965
date of birth	Emma Edwards Green, born Emma Sarah Etine Edwards (1856-1942), known also as Mrs. Emma Green, was an American painter and designer.	Emma Edwards Green	1856
date of birth	Sofia Penkova (Bulgarian: София Пенкова; born 26 January 1979) is a Bulgarian former competitive figure skater.	Sofia Penkova	26 January 1979
date of birth	Maurice Riemer Calhoun, Sr., known as Riemer Calhoun (April 5, 1909 -- August 4, 1994), was a Democrat from Mansfield, Louisiana, who represented a combined DeSoto and Caddo parish district in the Louisiana State Senate from 1944 to 1952.	Riemer Calhoun	1909
date of birth	Ravji Patel (1939--1968) was a modernist poet and novelist in Gujarati.	Ravji Patel	1939
date of birth	Dušan Moravčíkz (Bánov, 27 March 1948) is a former Czech athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Dušan Moravčík	27 March 1948
date of birth	Krisztián Németh (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkristiaːn ˈneːmɛt); born 5 January 1989) is a Hungarian international football player who currently plays as a striker for Al-Gharafa in the Qatar Stars League.	Krisztián Németh	5 January 1989
date of birth	Helmut Reinisch (born 1953 in Graz) is an Austrian gallery owner and collector of contemporary art as well as an author and expert in the field of old and antique carpets and textiles.	Helmut Reinisch	1953
date of birth	Kim Hagger (born 2 December 1961) is a retired English athlete who competed mainly in the heptathlon and the long jump.	Kim Hagger	2 December 1961
date of birth	Christophe Sirodeau (born Paris, 1970) is a French pianist and composer.	Christophe Sirodeau	1970
date of birth	Michel Chiha (1891--1954) was a Lebanese banker, a politician, writer and journalist.	Michel Chiha	1891
date of birth	Hans Gerschwiler (born 21 June 1920) is a Swiss former figure skater.	Hans Gerschwiler	21 June 1920
date of birth	Sir Walter Morley Fletcher, KBE FRS (1873--1933) was a British physiologist and administrator.	Walter Morley Fletcher	1873
date of birth	Eric Boulter (born 15 October 1952) is an Australian swimmer, athlete, and wheelchair basketball player, who won two medals at the 1972 Heidelberg Paralympics.	Eric Boulter	15 October 1952
date of birth	Richard Morecroft (born 20 January 1956) is an English-born Australian television presenter and former host of the ABC News Sydney bulletin.	Richard Morecroft	20 January 1956
date of birth	Leo Gregory (born 22 November 1978) is an English film television actor.	Leo Gregory	22 November 1978
date of birth	Ole Skouboe (born 6 September 1949) is a Danish former footballer and manager, and is currently working as president for Greek club Aris.	Ole Skouboe	6 September 1949
date of birth	Chester Drescher (1982--2000) was a performing dog and Fran Drescher's Pomeranian.	Chester Drescher	1982
date of birth	Huo Shilian (Chinese: 霍士廉) (April 1909 -- November 17, 1996) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Huo Shilian	April 1909
date of birth	Efe Jerry Obode (born 14 February 1989) is a Nigerian footballer, who currently plays for Thailand Premier League side Pattaya United.	Efe Jerry Obode	14 February 1989
date of birth	Tina Rathborne (born 1951) is American film director and screenwriter.	Tina Rathborne	1951
date of birth	Sasha Lilley born 1975 is an English-born radio host, writer and journalist based in Oakland, California.	Sasha Lilley	1975
date of birth	Dr. Tarek Ali Hassan (Arabic: طارق على حسن ‎, born 19 October 1937 in Cairo), is a professor of medicine and chief of endocrinology at Al-Azhar University in Cairo.	Tarek Ali Hassan	19 October 1937
date of birth	Keir O'Donnell (born 8 November 1978) is an Australian-born American actor, best known for his roles in the comedy films Wedding Crashers and Paul Blart:	Keir O'Donnell	8 November 1978
date of birth	Wojciech Zaleski (1906 - 1961) was a Polish right-wing politician, co-founder of the National Radical Camp (1934), and activist of Konfederacja Narodu.	Wojciech Zaleski	1906
date of birth	Lieutenant Colonel Sir Charles George McDonald KCMG KBE KCSG FRCP FRACP (25 March 1892 -- 23 April 1970) was an Australian physician, army officer and academic.	Charles George McDonald	25 March 1892
date of birth	John Franklin Grimsley (18 October 1925 -- June 8, 2015) known as Jack Grimsley was an Australian musical director and composer who worked as the Musical Director at Network Ten between 1966 and 1988.	Jack Grimsley	18 October 1925
date of birth	Mark McQueen (born 9 January 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Mark McQueen	9 January 1970
date of birth	Margaret Ménégoz (born Margit Katarina Baranyai, 21 April 1941) is a German-French film producer.	Margaret Ménégoz	21 April 1941
date of birth	Billy Armstrong (born 21 June 1943, Coagh, County Tyrone,) is an Ulster Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Billy Armstrong	21 June 1943
date of birth	Steven Ellery (born 22 August 1974 in Melbourne) is a retired Australian racing driver known from V8 Supercars.	Steven Ellery	22 August 1974
date of birth	Nathaniel Pearce (14 February 1779 -- 12 August 1820) was an explorer who spent many years in Abyssinia (present-day Ethiopia) and wrote a journal of his experiences.	Nathaniel Pearce	14 February 1779
date of birth	Abbie Eaton (born 2 January 1992) is a racing driver from the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Abbie Eaton	2 January 1992
date of birth	Birgit Sarrap (née Õigemeel, born 24 September 1988) is an Estonian singer.	Birgit Sarrap	24 September 1988
date of birth	Charles S. T. Calder was born on 1 March 1891 in Forfar, and trained as an architect.	Charles S. T. Calder	1 March 1891
date of birth	Barry McGee (born 1966 in San Francisco) is a painter and graffiti artist.	Barry McGee	1966
date of birth	Rusty Goffe (born 30 October 1948) is an English actor with dwarfism.	Rusty Goffe	30 October 1948
date of birth	Nenad Maslovar (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Масловар, born 20 February 1967) is a former Montenegrin football player.	Nenad Maslovar	20 February 1967
date of birth	Mulatu Astatke (born on 19 December 1943; surname sometimes spelled Astatqé on French-language releases, and ሙላቱ አስታጥቄ in his native Amharic) is an Ethiopian musician and arranger best known as the father of Ethio-jazz.	Mulatu Astatke	1943
date of birth	Raymond Piper HRUA HRHA MUniv (1923-2007) was a botanist and artist born in London and at the age of six moved to Belfast.	Raymond Piper	1923
date of birth	Dame Anne Loughlin, DBE (28 June 1894 -- 14 July 1979) was a British labour activist and organiser.	Anne Loughlin	28 June 1894
date of birth	Rebin Shah (born 4 October 1988) better known by his stage name Rebstar, is a Swedish recording artist and entrepreneur.	Rebstar	4 October 1988
date of birth	James Westmoreland, (born 24 June 1988, at Wyton, East Yorkshire), also known as 'Westy', from Hedon, Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, is an English motorcycle racer.	James Westmoreland	24 June 1988
date of birth	Benjamin Boretz (3 October 1934) is an American composer and music theorist.	Benjamin Boretz	3 October 1934
date of birth	Arko Pravo Mukherjee was born on 19 May 1983 to Dr. Apurba Kumar Mukherjee & Mrs. Mahasweta Mukherjee in Kolkata, West Bengal.	Arko Pravo Mukherjee	19 May 1983
date of birth	William Berkeley Lewis (1784 - November 12, 1866) was born in Loudoun County, Virginia, and later moved near Nashville, Tennessee, in 1809.	William Berkeley Lewis	1784
date of birth	María Noel Genovese Berisso (born 25 December 1943 in Montevideo), better known for her stage name María Noel, is a former Uruguayan model and actress.	María Noel Genovese	25 December 1943
date of birth	Wu Jieping (simplified Chinese: 吴阶平; traditional Chinese: 吳階平; pinyin: Wú Jiēpíng; 22 January 1917 -- 2 March 2011) was a Chinese politician and medical scientist.	Wu Jieping	22 January 1917
date of birth	Andrej Rozman (a.k.a. Roza, born 25 May 1955) is a Slovene poet, writer, actor, and street theatre producer.	Andrej Rozman	25 May 1955
date of birth	Minyekyawswa (Burmese: မင်းရဲကျော်စွာ, pronounced: (mɪ́ɴjɛ́ tɕɔ̀zwà); 1391--1417) was crown prince of Ava from 1406 to 1417, and commander-in-chief of Ava's military from 1409 to 1417.	Minyekyawswa	1391
date of birth	Shaukat Galiev (full name Shaukat Galievich Idiyatullin, Tatar: Шәүкәт Галиулла улы Һидиятуллин, Şəwkət Ğali uğlı Hidiətullin; Russian: Шаукат Галиевич Идиятуллин) 20 November 1928 -- 7 May 2011 He was a renowned Tatar poet, writer, and a publisher, widely known for his children books.	Shaukat Galiev	20 November 1928
date of birth	N. K. Sukumaran Nair (born 6 June 1942) is an acclaimed Environmental Activist and General secretary of Pampa Samrakshana Samithi (PSS).	N. K. Sukumaran Nair	6 June 1942
date of birth	Alajos Gáspár (Slovene: Alojz Gašpar) (1848 -- September 22, 1919) was a Hungarian Slovene writer.	Alajos Gáspár	1848
date of birth	Pavel Ponomaryov (Russian: Павел Пономарёв) (born 30 January 1980 in Leningrad) is a Russian actor and musician residing in Estonia.	Pavel Ponomaryov	30 January 1980
date of birth	Lorna Byrne (born 25 March 1953) is an Irish author and peace ambassador.	Lorna Byrne	25 March 1953
date of birth	Betty Boothroyd, Baroness Boothroyd OM PC (born 8 October 1929) is a British politician, who served as a Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for West Bromwich and West Bromwich West from 1973 to 1992.	Betty Boothroyd	8 October 1929
date of birth	Martin Giroux (born 23 May 1979) is a Canadian pop singer who sings in French.	Martin Giroux	23 May 1979
date of birth	QBoy (born Marcos Jose Brito on 10 October 1978) is a UK-based rapper, producer, DJ, writer and presenter.	QBoy	10 October 1978
date of birth	Joëlle Kapompolé (born 23 December 1971 in Kolwezi, Zaire) is a Belgian politician and a member of the PS. She was a member of the Belgian Senate from 2004 to 2009.	Joëlle Kapompolé	23 December 1971
date of birth	Andrew Dodt (born 26 January 1986) is an Australian professional golfer who plays on the European, Asian and PGA Tour of Australasia Tours.	Andrew Dodt	26 January 1986
date of birth	Ratu Meli Bainimarama (24 September 1945 -- 30 November 2015) was a Fijian civil servant, who served as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Ministry of Fisheries and Forests.	Meli Bainimarama	24 September 1945
date of birth	Leonidas Kavakos (Greek: Λεωνίδας Καβάκος; born 30 October 1967) is a Greek violinist and conductor.	Leonidas Kavakos	30 October 1967
date of birth	Sanjay Gadhvi (born 22 November 1965) is an Indian writer and film director who is known for Dhoom series.	Sanjay Gadhvi	22 November 1965
date of birth	Herman Slater (1935 -- July 9, 1992) was an American Wiccan high priest and occult-bookstore proprietor as well as an editor, publisher, and author.	Herman Slater	1935
date of birth	Mark Bassey (born, Sheffield, England, 1961) is a jazz trombonist, composer, arranger, educator and band leader.	Mark Bassey	1961
date of birth	Arieh Iserles (born 2 September 1947) is a computational mathematician, currently Professor of the Numerical Analysis of Differential Equations at the University of Cambridge and a member of the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics.	Arieh Iserles	2 September 1947
date of birth	Dalal Midhat-Talakić (née Midhat; born 5 August 1981) is a Bosnian singer.	Dalal Midhat-Talakić	5 August 1981
date of birth	Philippe Mahoux (born 26 June 1944), is a Belgian politician and a member of the Parti Socialiste.	Philippe Mahoux	26 June 1944
date of birth	Brendan McConville (born 1965) is an author and professor of history at Boston University.	Brendan McConville	1965
date of birth	Harold Warp (December 21, 1903 -- April 9, 1994) was an American businessman who invented Flex-O-Glass®.	Harold Warp	1903
date of birth	Tomáš Mičola (born 26 September 1988) is a Czech football player who currently plays for SK Slavia Praha in the Gambrinus liga.	Tomáš Mičola	26 September 1988
date of birth	Kim Lucine (born 16 September 1988) is a French figure skater who skates internationally for Monaco.	Kim Lucine	16 September 1988
date of birth	Oliver Wade Hall-Craggs (born 9 January 1966) is a British rower and Olympic sculler.	Wade Hall-Craggs	9 January 1966
date of birth	Simon Lack (19 December 1913 -- 8 August 1980) was a Scottish actor, working mostly in England.	Simon Lack	19 December 1913
date of birth	Yvonne Constant (born 15 June 1935 on the left bank of Paris) began her career as a ballet dancer but later she made the transition to a musical comedy performer.	Yvonne Constant	15 June 1935
date of birth	Isaac Milles or Mills (19 September 1638 -- 6 July 1720) was an English cleric, often described as the model parish priest of that day.	Isaac Milles	19 September 1638
date of birth	Frank Woodley (born Frank Wood, 29 February 1968) is an Australian comedian and author who is best known for his work alongside Colin Lane as part of the comedic duo, Lano and Woodley.	Frank Woodley	29 February 1968
date of birth	William Cooper Procter (1862 -- May 2, 1934) was the grandson of William Procter, the co-founder of Procter & Gamble Company.	William Cooper Procter	1862
date of birth	Elizabeth MacLennan (16 March 1938 -- 23 June 2015) was a Scottish actress, writer and radical popular theatre practitioner.	Elizabeth MacLennan	16 March 1938
date of birth	Greg Mitchell (born 1947) is an American author and journalist who has written twelve non-fiction books on United States politics and history of the 20th and 21st centuries.	Greg Mitchell	1947
date of birth	Robert da Silva Almeida, best known as Robert (born 3 April 1971) is a Brazilian former football player.	Robert da Silva Almeida	3 April 1971
date of birth	Roque Germán Olsen Fontana commonly known as Roque Olsen (9 September 1925 -- 15 June 1992) was an Argentine football player and manager.	Roque Olsen	9 September 1925
date of birth	Mixmaster Morris (born Morris Gould, 30 December 1965) is an English ambient DJ and underground musician.	Mixmaster Morris	1965
date of birth	Indrani Bose (born 1951) is an Indian physicist, senior Professor at Department of Physics, Bose Institute, Kolkata.	Indrani Bose	1951
date of birth	James M. Freeman (born 1936) is an American anthropologist, and professor at San Jose State University.	James M. Freeman	1936
date of birth	Zhu Junyi (Chinese: 祝均一) (b. February 1951 in Haining City, Zhejiang province) was a government official in Shanghai, China.	Zhu Junyi	February 1951
date of birth	George Opdyke (1805 -- June 12, 1880) as an entrepreneur and the 76th Mayor of New York City (1862 to 1863) during the American Civil War.	George Opdyke	1805
date of birth	Radoslav Kirilov (Bulgarian: Радослав Кирилов; born 29 June 1992 in Simitli) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian side Südtirol on loan from Chievo Verona.	Radoslav Kirilov	29 June 1992
date of birth	Corinna Ulcigrai (born 3 January 1980, Trieste) is an Italian mathematician working on dynamical systems.	Corinna Ulcigrai	3 January 1980
date of birth	David Seage (born 29 November 1979) is an Australian rugby league player who currently plays for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in the Queensland Cup.	David Seage	29 November 1979
date of birth	Enda Walsh (born 1967) is an Irish playwright.	Enda Walsh	1967
date of birth	Wim Hofkens (born 27 March 1958) is a former football player who played five games for the Dutch national side.	Wim Hofkens	27 March 1958
date of birth	Chantal Quesnel (sometimes credited as Chantal Quesnelle, born 1971) is a Canadian actress.	Chantal Quesnel	1971
date of birth	İdris Bal (born 25 April 1968 in Altıntaş Kütahya) is a Turkish politician and academic who led the Democratic Progress Party (DGP) between 4 November 2014 and 31 March 2015.	İdris Bal	25 April 1968
date of birth	Andreas Strüngmann (born 1950) was born in Germany and founded generic drug maker Hexal AG ($1.6 billion sales during 2004) in 1986.	Andreas Strüngmann	1950
date of birth	Semih Tufan Gülaltay (born 1968, in Kars) is the founder of the militant Turkish Revenge Brigade, and the National Unity Party (Turkish: Ulusal Birlik Partisi).	Semih Tufan Gülaltay	1968
date of birth	Lisa Rands is an American rock climber born in 1975.	Lisa Rands	1975
date of birth	Lucius Caecilius Firmianus Lactantius was an early Christian author (c. 250 -- c. 325) who became an advisor to the first Christian Roman emperor, Constantine I, guiding his religious policy as it developed, and a tutor to his son.	Lactantius	250
date of birth	Reinhold Joest (also spelt Reinhold Jöst, born 24 April 1937) is a former German race car driver and current team owner.	Reinhold Joest	24 April 1937
date of birth	Arthur Bunster (1827 -- October 8, 1891) was a Canadian entrepreneur and Member of Parliament.	Arthur Bunster	1827
date of birth	Adam Frizzell (born 21 February 1998) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Kilmarnock in the Scottish Premiership as an attacking midfielder or winger.	Adam Frizzell	21 February 1998
date of birth	René van Eck (born 18 February 1966) is a former Dutch footballer which latest job was being the manager of Dutch Eerste Divisie side FC Den Bosch.	René van Eck	18 February 1966
date of birth	Alexandre Bondar (Russian: Александр Бондарь; born 21 September 1972) is a Russian writer and novelist, ``literary remake'' genre founder.	Alexandre Bondar	21 September 1972
date of birth	Jack Whitfield (23 March 1892 -- 26 December 1927) was a Welsh international rugby union hooker who played club rugby for Newport and club rugby for Monmouthshire.	Jack Whitfield	23 March 1892
date of birth	Steve Supresencia (born 1980) is a Filipino football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.	Steve Supresencia	1980
date of birth	Garrison Hawk (also known as ``Hawkman,'' born 23 October 1978) is a Jamaican singer and dancehall artist.	Garrison Hawk	23 October 1978
date of birth	Wen Chih-hao (born 25 March 1993) is a Taiwanese football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Beijing Enterprises Group F.C.	Wen Chih-hao	25 March 1993
date of birth	Ebru Umar (born 20 May 1970) is a Dutch columnist of Kurdish descent.	Ebru Umar	20 May 1970
date of birth	Lars Moe (born 30 April 1951) is a Norwegian veterinarian.	Lars Moe	30 April 1951
date of birth	Renato Chisso (Quarto d'Altino, 28 July 1954) is an Italian politician from Veneto.	Renato Chisso	28 July 1954
date of birth	Malcolm Harwood (born 1938 in Oxford) is an English professional poker player who learnt how to play whilst doing his National Service.	Malcolm Harwood	1938
date of birth	Stefan Gandler (born 1964 in Munich) is a philosopher and social scientist.	Stefan Gandler	1964
date of birth	Peidong Yang (b. 1971) is a Chinese-born American chemist and material scientist.	Peidong Yang	1971
date of birth	Cheryl Donegan (born 1962) is an American conceptual artist.	Cheryl Donegan	1962
date of birth	Andrew Donlevy (b. in 1694, probably in Sligo, Ireland; date and place of death uncertain) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and educator.	Andrew Donlevy	1694
date of birth	Martin Novoselac (born 10 November 1950 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Croatian footballer known best for his solid defensive skills in clubs throughout Europe.	Martin Novoselac	10 November 1950
date of birth	Přemysl Švarc (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpr̝̊ɛmɪsl̩ ˈʃvarts); born 27 March 1985) is a Czech triathlete.	Přemysl Švarc	27 March 1985
date of birth	Ousainou Darboe (born 8 August 1948) is a Gambian human rights lawyer and politician.	Ousainou Darboe	8 August 1948
date of birth	Dennis Östlundh (born 30 August 1977) is a Swedish footballer who has been playing as a member of the Assyriska Föreningen football club in the Superettan.	Dennis Östlundh	30 August 1977
date of birth	Zhang Tielin (born 15 June 1957) is a Chinese-born British actor and occasional film director.	Zhang Tielin	15 June 1957
date of birth	Daniel Baradza (born c. 1973) is a sculptor from Mutare, Zimbabwe.	Daniel Baradza	1973
date of birth	Ciarán Carey (born 16 January 1970) is an Irish hurling selector and player.	Ciarán Carey	16 January 1970
date of birth	Dwane Husbands (born 24 July 1985) is a Barbadian singer who is best known for being featured on the Rihanna song Dem Haters, thus appearing on her 2006 second album A Girl like Me.	Dwane Husbands	24 July 1985
date of birth	Coralee Elliott Testar UE (born February 1946 in Prince Edward Island) is a Vancouver based Producer and Screenwriter.	Coralee Elliott Testar	February 1946
date of birth	Jasmin Dizdar (born 8 June 1961) is a British-Bosnian film director, screenwriter and author best known for his multi-award winning feature film Beautiful People and his World War Two thriller Chosen starring Harvey Keitel.	Jasmin Dizdar	8 June 1961
date of birth	Abraham Neyman (born June 14, 1949, Israel) is an Israeli mathematician and game theorist, Professor of Mathematics at the Federmann Center for the Study of Rationality and the Einstein Institute of Mathematics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel.	Abraham Neyman	1949
date of birth	Duchess Donata of Mecklenburg (born 11 March 1956) is the senior member of the House of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.	Duchess Donata of Mecklenburg	11 March 1956
date of birth	Abdalla Eltayeb (2 June 1921 -19 June 2003) was a prominent Sudanese scholar of the Arabic language.	Abdalla Eltayeb	2 June 1921
date of birth	Steven M. Wise (born 1952) is an American legal scholar who specializes in animal protection issues, primatology, and animal intelligence.	Steven M. Wise	1952
date of birth	Geoff Ablett (born 13 March 1955) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s and 80s.	Geoff Ablett	13 March 1955
date of birth	Gennaro Troianiello (or spells as Troianello) (born 21 March 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Ternana on loan from Salernitana .	Gennaro Troianiello	21 March 1983
date of birth	Edward C. Stringer (born 1935) is a retired Associate Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court.	Edward C. Stringer	1935
date of birth	Alexander Zakin (22 January 1903 -- 16 October 1990) was a Russian-born pianist, best known for being the accompanist of the violinist Isaac Stern between 1940 and 1977.	Alexander Zakin	1903
date of birth	Ibrahim of Ghazna (1033--1099), was sultan of the Ghaznavid empire from April 1059 until his death in 1099.	Ibrahim of Ghazna	1033
date of birth	Will Jacobs (born 1955) is an American comics and humor writer.	Will Jacobs	1955
date of birth	Romola de Pulszky (or Romola Pulszky), (married name Nijinsky; February 20, 1891 -- June 8, 1978), was a Hungarian aristocrat, the daughter of a politician and an actress.	Romola de Pulszky	1891
date of birth	Cathy Kelly (born 12 September 1966) is an Irish former journalist and writer of women's fiction since 1997.	Cathy Kelly	12 September 1966
date of birth	Muhammad Bayazid Sarker (born 1 January 1971) is a Bangladeshi economic researcher and central banker.	Bayazid Sarker	1 January 1971
date of birth	Carl Ludwig Sahl (8 January 1840 -- 1 April 1897) was a German businessman and diplomat who lived in the British Colony of New South Wales for 25 years until his death, and served as the German Consul in Sydney as well as the Special Commercial Agent of the Kingdom of Fiji in Sydney.	Carl Ludwig Sahl	8 January 1840
date of birth	Lothar Baumgarten (born 1944) is a German conceptual artist, based in New York and Berlin.	Lothar Baumgarten	1944
date of birth	Maya Hakvoort (born 19 September 1966 in Nijmegen) is a Dutch musical actress.	Maya Hakvoort	19 September 1966
date of birth	Peter Andrew Jones (born 14 December 1951) is a British artist and illustrator who has produced a large number of fantasy and science fiction genre illustrations.	Peter Andrew Jones	1951
date of birth	Jakub Wejher (or Weyher, German Jakob Weiher) (1609 -- 1657), was a member of the Polish line of the Weyher family, a Count of the Holy Roman Empire and member of the Polish--	Jakub Wejher	1609
date of birth	Junior Osborne (born 12 February 1988 in Watford) is a former English footballer who played as a full back or as a centre back.	Junior Osborne	12 February 1988
date of birth	Pierre Canivet (1890--1982) was a French curler and tennis player.	Pierre Canivet	1890
date of birth	Kim Alcheon (577 ~ after 654) was a member of the Silla royal family.	Alcheon	577
date of birth	Ibrahim Diaw or Ibrahima Diaw (born 28 November 1979 in Poissy) is a French-born Senegalese handballer who plays for CS Dinamo Bucureşti in the Romanian Liga Naţională and the Senegalese national team.	Ibrahim Diaw	28 November 1979
date of birth	Marzena Godecki (born 28 September 1978) is a Polish-born Australian actress.	Marzena Godecki	28 September 1978
date of birth	Raphael Bronstein (1895 -- November 4, 1988) was a violinist and violin professor.	Raphael Bronstein	1895
date of birth	Sir Mark Prescott, 3rd Baronet (born 1948) is a race horse trainer with over 1300 winners to his name.	Mark Prescott	1948
date of birth	Fabrizio Savelli (1607 - 26 February 1659) was an Italian military leader, commander of papal troops and, later, a Catholic Cardinal.	Fabrizio Savelli	1607
date of birth	Cynthia Maddox (born 1941) is an American model who is best known for appearing on the cover of Playboy magazine five times in the early to mid-1960s, though she was never a playmate.	Cynthia Maddox	1941
date of birth	Øystein Dahle (born 18 March 1938) is a Norwegian businessperson and organizational leader.	Øystein Dahle	18 March 1938
date of birth	Léonard Andjembé (born 1 January 1948) is a Gabonese politician and professor.	Léonard Andjembé	1 January 1948
date of birth	Jan van Noordt (1623, Amsterdam -- 1681, Amsterdam?), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Jan van Noordt	1623
date of birth	Steijn Schothorst (14 October 1994) is a Dutch racing driver.	Steijn Schothorst	14 October 1994
date of birth	Adwoa Yamoah (born 1988) is a beauty pageant contestant who placed 1st runner-up at Miss Universe Canada 2012 and represented Canada in the Miss Universe 2012 pageant after the winner Sahar Biniaz allegedly hurt her foot a few days before the pageant was about to start.	Adwoa Yamoah	1988
date of birth	Percy Jocelyn (29 November 1764 -- 3 September 1843) was Anglican Bishop of Clogher in the Church of Ireland from 1820 to 1822.	Percy Jocelyn	29 November 1764
date of birth	Graham Roos FRSA (born 1966, Sheffield, UK) is a producer, writer and performer.	Graham Roos	1966
date of birth	Chandralekha Perera (Sinhalese: චන්ද්‍රලේකා පෙරේරා) (born 1 December 1961), is a popular Sri Lankan pop singer.	Chandralekha Perera	1 December 1961
date of birth	Mitko Chavkov (Macedonian: Митко Чавков; born 24 January 1963) is a former Interior Minister of Macedonia.	Mitko Chavkov	24 January 1963
date of birth	Mehdi Ghazanfari (Persian: مهدی غضنفری, born 16 November 1960) is an Iranian politician who was Minister of Industries and Business from 3 August 2011 to 15 August 2013 and Minister of Commerce in the second cabinet of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad from 9 August 2009 to 3 August 2011.	Mehdi Ghazanfari	16 November 1960
date of birth	Jiang Weilie (Chinese: 蒋伟烈; born November 1955) is a vice-admiral (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.	Jiang Weilie	1955
date of birth	Zhang Cuiping (Chinese: 张翠平; pinyin: Zhāng Cuìpíng; born 23 September 1987) is a Chinese sport shooter.	Zhang Cuiping	23 September 1987
date of birth	Philip Peyala (born 15 July 1937), popularly known as Philip Sabu is a former Zambian goalkeeper.	Philip Sabu	15 July 1937
date of birth	Niall FitzGerald, KBE (born 13 September 1945) is an Irish businessman.	Niall FitzGerald	13 September 1945
date of birth	Jill Robb (b 1934) is an English-born film producer and executive who worked mostly in Australia.	Jill Robb	1934
date of birth	(Elsie) Helen Knight (née Weil, 24 November 1899 -- 1984) was a British philosopher.	Helen Knight	24 November 1899
date of birth	Onur Capin (born 10 July 1996) is a Turkish-German footballer who plays for Werder Bremen II in the 3.	Onur Capin	10 July 1996
date of birth	Talkhon Hamzavi (Persian: تلخون حمزوی‎, born 1979) is an Iranian-Swiss film director and screenwriter.	Talkhon Hamzavi	1979
date of birth	Sarah Deutsch (born 1961) is an American attorney who currently serves as vice president and associate general counsel of the telecommunications company Verizon Communications.	Sarah Deutsch	1961
date of birth	Basil Moss (born 25 May 1935) is a British character actor, who featured regularly on television in the 1960s and on radio in the 1970s.	Basil Moss	25 May 1935
date of birth	Eugène Hénaff (30 October 1904 -- 28 October 1966) was a French cement worker, Communist, trade union leader and member of the French Resistance during World War II (1939--45).	Eugène Hénaff	30 October 1904
date of birth	Lisa Beznosiuk (born 20 August 1956 in Sheffield) is an English flautist of Ukrainian and Irish descent, specialising in period performance of baroque and classical music on historical flutes.	Lisa Beznosiuk	20 August 1956
date of birth	Ning Xiankui (Chinese: 寧 憲奎; born 19 May 1967) is a Chinese fencer.	Ning Xiankui	19 May 1967
date of birth	George Peard (1594--1645) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1640 to 1645.	George Peard	1594
date of birth	Juan Ruiz (ca. 1283 -- ca. 1350), known as the Archpriest of Hita (Arcipreste de Hita), was a medieval Castilian poet.	Juan Ruiz	1283
date of birth	Samuel Blommaert (Bloemaert, Blommaerts, Blommaart, Blomert, etc.) (Antwerp, 11 (or 21) August 1583, -- Amsterdam, 23 December 1651, ) was a Flemish/Dutch merchant and director of the Dutch West India Company from 1622 to 1629 and again from 1636 to 1642.	Samuel Blommaert	1583
date of birth	Josie Cotton (born 1956) is an American singer/songwriter, best known for ``Johnny Are You Queer?'' and ``He Could Be the One'' from 1982.	Josie Cotton	1956
date of birth	John or Johane Maranke (Johane Marange) (1912-1963) was a Zimbabwean Christian leader, prophet, and founder of the African Apostolic Church of John Maranke.	Johane Maranke	1912
date of birth	Louis Longridge (born 5 July 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Raith Rovers, on loan from Hamilton Academical, as a winger and striker.	Louis Longridge	5 July 1991
date of birth	Stieg Hedlund (born 1965) is a computer and video game designer, artist, and writer with over 25 years of experience who has worked on more than 30 games in the video game industry.	Stieg Hedlund	1965
date of birth	Mark Malamud (born 1960) is the Principal and Manager of Busymonster LLC, a consultancy company focused on advanced user interface and design.	Mark Malamud	1960
date of birth	Lynn Daucher (born 1946) is a United States politician who was a Republican California State Assemblywoman from Orange County from 2000 until 2006 when she was term limited.	Lynn Daucher	1946
date of birth	Muhammad Abdul Bari, MBE FRSA (Bengali: মুহাম্মাদ আব্দুল বারি; born 2 October 1953), is a Bangladeshi-born British physicist, scholar, writer, teacher, community leader and the current secretary of Muslim Aid, who is widely regarded as one of the most powerful Asians and Muslims in Western Europe.	Muhammad Abdul Bari	2 October 1953
date of birth	Gunda Niemann-Stirnemann (née Kleemann, born 7 September 1966) is a former German speed skater.	Gunda Niemann-Stirnemann	7 September 1966
date of birth	Frank J. Coyne (born in Scranton, Pennsylvania in 1948) is Chairman, former President, and former Chief Executive Officer of Verisk Analytics and its subsidiary, Insurance Services Office (ISO).	Frank J. Coyne	1948
date of birth	Joe Letteri, ONZM (born 1957) is a senior visual effects artist, winner of four Academy awards, four BAFTA awards and four VES awards.	Joe Letteri	1957
date of birth	Robert Cheeseman or Cheseman (1485--1547) was an English politician.	Robert Cheeseman	1485
date of birth	Alf Harvey (born c. 1854) was an English footballer who made one appearance for England as a full back in 1881.	Alf Harvey	1854
date of birth	Karol Olgierd Borchardt (25 March 1905 -- 20 May 1986) was a Polish writer and captain of the Polish Merchant Marine.	Karol Olgierd Borchardt	1905
date of birth	Kōryū Tadaharu (光龍 忠晴, born 4 February 1984) is a Mongolian former sumo wrestler from Ulan Bator.	Kōryū Tadaharu	4 February 1984
date of birth	Emile Lamm (24 November 1834 -- 12 July 1873 in New Orleans) was a French-born American inventor and dentist.	Emile Lamm	24 November 1834
date of birth	Marco Villagatti (born 15 May 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Arezzo of the third division.	Marco Villagatti	15 May 1983
date of birth	Nabil Sawalha is a Jordanian comedian, born near the city of Madaba in 1941.	Nabil Sawalha	1941
date of birth	Carlos Manuel Hoo Ramírez (born 15 October 1978), commonly referred to by his alias El Cóndor, is a former Mexican Armed Forces commando and imprisoned high-ranking member of the Sinaloa Cartel, a drug trafficking organization.	Carlos Manuel Hoo Ramírez	15 October 1978
date of birth	Augusta Lundin (13 June 1840 in Kristianstad -- 20 February 1919), was a Swedish fashion designer.	Augusta Lundin	1840
date of birth	Taha El Sherif Ben Amer(June 1936 - March 6, 1978) was a Libyan engineer and politician.	Taha El Sherif Ben Amer	June 1936
date of birth	Philip S. Porter (1925 -- August 7, 2011) was a martial artist in the United States.	Philip S. Porter	1925
date of birth	Mohammed Khursheed Hussain(born 6 December 1990 in Hyderabad, India) is a World Champion Typist holding two Guinness World Records for the titles 'fastest time to type the alphabet' and 'Fastest time to type using the nose' Khursheed Hussain recently break another Guinness World Record using his nose in 47.44 seconds	Mohammed Khursheed Hussain	6 December 1990
date of birth	Antonino Arconte (born February 1954) is an Italian writer and former secret agent.	Antonino Arconte	February 1954
date of birth	Li Ling Fung (Chinese: 李靈峰; Jyutping: lei5 ling4 fung1, born 3 January 1986 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player played for Hong Kong First Division League side TSW Pegasus.	Li Ling Fung	3 January 1986
date of birth	Karen Dotrice (/doʊˈtriːs/ doh-TREESE; born 9 November 1955) is a British former child actress, known primarily for her role as Jane Banks in Walt Disney's feature film adaptation of the Mary Poppins book series.	Karen Dotrice	9 November 1955
date of birth	Inger Helene Nybråten (born 8 December 1960 in Fagernes, Oppland) is a former Norwegian Cross-country skier who competed in the 1980s and 1990s.	Inger Helene Nybråten	8 December 1960
date of birth	Lew Byong-hyun (born 18 October 1924) is a retired South Korean general and diplomat.	Lew Byong-hyun	18 October 1924
date of birth	Joseph W. Greig (1895--1977) was an American geochemist and physical chemist, a pioneer in high temperature phase equilibria and immiscibility investigations of oxides and sulfides.	Joseph W. Greig	1895
date of birth	Cyril Delevanti (23 February 1889 -- 13 December 1975), sometimes credited as Syril Delevanti, was an English-born character actor with a long career in American films.	Cyril Delevanti	23 February 1889
date of birth	Hans Arnold Rothholz (1919 -- 2000) was a poster designer and graphic artist born in Dresden, Germany who immigrated to Britain in 1933.	Hans Arnold Rothholz	1919
date of birth	Sarah Perrotta (born 1979, United States) is a Hudson Valley based singer, songwriter and pianist.	Sarah Perrotta	1979
date of birth	Manohar Rajaram Chhabria (1946 -- April 6, 2002), commonly known as Manu Chhabria was an Indian businessman based in Dubai, and the owner of the $2.5 billion transnational conglomerate, Jumbo Group.	Manu Chhabria	1946
date of birth	Willie Fung (3 March 1896 -- April 16, 1945) was a Chinese film actor who played supporting roles in 125 American films between 1922 and 1944.	Willie Fung	3 March 1896
date of birth	Maria Mironova (Russian: Мария Андреевна Миронова; born 28 May 1973) is a Soviet and Russian actress.	Maria Mironova	28 May 1973
date of birth	Sergio Edelsztein was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1956 and studied at the Tel Aviv University from 1976-85.	Sergio Edelsztein	1956
date of birth	Elizabeth Horrocks (born 3 May 1946) is an author and winner of the BBC Mastermind.	Elizabeth Horrocks	3 May 1946
date of birth	Jorge Rivera López (born 19 March 1934) is an Argentine actor of television and film.	Jorge Rivera López	19 March 1934
date of birth	George Peter Michael Varah (19 October 1944 -- 2 April 2007) was a British international middle-distance runner and later a Chief Probation Officer.	Michael Varah	19 October 1944
date of birth	Lloyd Schermer (born 1927 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American businessman and artist.	Lloyd Schermer	1927
date of birth	Éamonn Kelly (born 1968) is an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Tipperary junior hurling team.	Éamonn Kelly	1968
date of birth	Quincy Detenamo (born 8 March 1979) was an Olympic weightlifter who was found guilty of manslaughter in Australia.	Quincy Detenamo	8 March 1979
date of birth	Lucien Bia (1852 - August 30, 1892) was a Belgian soldier and explorer of the Congo.	Lucien Bia	1852
date of birth	Armon Ben-Naim (Hebrew: ארמון בן-נעים‎; born 6 February 1990) is an Israeli professional association football player and current under-19 international.	Armon Ben-Naim	6 February 1990
date of birth	Borys Lankosz (born 31 March 1973 in Cracow) - Polish film director.	Borys Lankosz	31 March 1973
date of birth	John Durnan (born 11 July 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	John Durnan	11 July 1957
date of birth	Trevor Gillmeister (born 13 March 1964 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league player who is currently signed on as an assistant coach at the Gold Coast Titans.	Trevor Gillmeister	13 March 1964
date of birth	Indravarman V, Harideva, or Jaya Simhavarman, was a king of Champa whose reign began in 1257 when he assassinated his uncle Jaya Indravarman VI, but waited until 1266 for his coronation.	Indravarman V	1266
date of birth	Jean Kerléo (born 24 February 1932) is a French perfumer who worked in-house of Jean Patou and is also the founder of the Osmothèque, a scent archive in Versailles.	Jean Kerléo	24 February 1932
date of birth	Budhaditya Mukherjee (born 1955) is a Hindustani classical sitar and surbahar player of the Imdadkhani Gharana (school).	Budhaditya Mukherjee	1955
date of birth	Harel Skaat (Hebrew: הראל סקעת‎, born 8 August 1981) is an Israeli singer and songwriter.	Harel Skaat	8 August 1981
date of birth	Naftali Nilsen (1890 -- ??) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour Party.	Naftali Nilsen	1890
date of birth	Bradford Gray Telford (born 1968 El Paso, Texas) is an American poet, and translator.	Bradford Gray Telford	1968
date of birth	Gershon Shafat (Hebrew: גרשון שפט‎, born 6 December 1927) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Tehiya during the mid--1980s and early 1990s.	Gershon Shafat	6 December 1927
date of birth	Walter Shaw Sparrow (1862--1940) was a British writer on art and architecture with a special interest in British sporting artists.	Walter Shaw Sparrow	1862
date of birth	Vasilis Dimitriadis (Greek: Βασίλης Δημητριάδης; born 1 February 1966) is a Greek former footballer, who played at both professional international levels as a striker.	Vasilis Dimitriadis	1 February 1966
date of birth	Chen Kuiyuan (simplified Chinese: 陈奎元; traditional Chinese: 陳奎元; pinyin: Chén Kuíyuán; born January 1941) is a former Chinese politician.	Chen Kuiyuan	January 1941
date of birth	Dylan Rice (born 1976) is a Chicago-based singer-songwriter and guitarist, who grew up in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Dylan Rice	1976
date of birth	Thomas Regnaudin (baptised 18 February 1622 -- 3 July 1706) was a French sculptor, affiliated with Northern Baroque.	Thomas Regnaudin	18 February 1622
date of birth	Richard P. Lifton (born 1953) is an American biochemist, and the Sterling Professor of Genetics and Internal Medicine, at the Yale University School of Medicine.	Richard P. Lifton	1953
date of birth	Gaby Brown is an Australian radio presenter,born in Sydney in February 1976, best known for her work on the national youth broadcaster triple j. She started at the station in 1999, presenting a variety of programs including popular chart show The Net 50, and talk-back program ``The Chat Room''.	Gaby Brown	February 1976
date of birth	Ed Marion (1927 -- 28 April 2008) was an American official in the National Football League.	Ed Marion	1927
date of birth	Yu Dabao (simplified Chinese: 于大宝; traditional Chinese: 于大寶; pinyin: Yú Dàbǎo; born 18 April 1988) is a Chinese professional footballer who plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.	Yu Dabao	18 April 1988
date of birth	Ján Šlahor (born 16 May 1977) is a professional Slovak footballer that currently plays for Slovak club SV Ratzersdorf.	Ján Šlahor	16 May 1977
date of birth	Rev. Robert Nicholl Carne (né Robert Nicholl) (13 April 1763 - 10 Nov. 1849) was a Welsh rector, landowner, and a magistrate and Deputy Lieutenant of Glamorgan.	Robert Nicholl Carne	13 April 1763
date of birth	Robert Matthew-Walker (b. Lewisham, London, 23 July 1939) is an English writer, editor, marketer, producer, broadcaster and composer, mainly involved in classical music.	Robert Matthew-Walker	23 July 1939
date of birth	Bice Valori (13 May 1927 -- 17 May 1980) was an Italian actress, comedian and television and radio personality.	Bice Valori	13 May 1927
date of birth	Ana Goñi (born 19 April 1953) is a Venezuelan rally co-driver and motorsport personality.	Ana Goñi	19 April 1953
date of birth	Pierre Bellon (born 24 January 1930) is a French businessman, the founder of Sodexo, a multinational food service and facilities management company.	Pierre Bellon	24 January 1930
date of birth	Valentine Walter Bromley, who was born in 1848, received his art education from his father, and at the early age of nineteen became an Associate of the Institute of Painters in Water-Colours.	Valentine Walter Bromley	1848
date of birth	Penny Downie (born 1954) is an Australian actress, noted for her appearances on British television.	Penny Downie	1954
date of birth	Jerome Morfaw (born 20 February 1984) is a Cameroonian judoka who competes in the -100 kg category.	Jerome Morfaw	20 February 1984
date of birth	Robert Welsted (1671--1735) was an English physician and classical scholar.	Robert Welsted	1671
date of birth	Jean-Jacques Bréard (October 1751- January 2, 1840) was born into a family of a navy inspectors.	Jean-Jacques Bréard	October 1751
date of birth	Cameron Sinclair (born 16 November 1973) is the founder and principal designer for Small Works, a social impact design and development company which focuses on post-conflict reconstruction and for purpose projects.	Cameron Sinclair	16 November 1973
date of birth	Subir Ghosh (born 1966) is an Indian journalist and author, whose works have appeared in print and online since 1991.	Subir Ghosh	1966
date of birth	Orlando Sardi de Lima (born 15 August 1950) is the current Ambassador of Colombia to Spain with dual accreditation to the Colombian missions in Andorra, Algeria and Morocco.	Orlando Sardi de Lima	15 August 1950
date of birth	Hugo Baldomero Medina Garza (born 1958) is an imprisoned Mexican drug lord and former leader of the Gulf Cartel.	Hugo Baldomero Medina Garza	1958
date of birth	Andreas Bjelland (born 11 July 1988) is a Danish professional football centre back, currently playing for Brentford.	Andreas Bjelland	11 July 1988
date of birth	Temtsiltu Shobtsood (Mongolian: Шовчууд Тэмцэлт, born August 1956) or Temtselt Shobshuud, also known as his Chinese name Xi Haiming (Chinese: 席海明), is an ethnic Mongol activist who campaign for independence of ``Southern Mongolia'' (aka Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China).	Temtsiltu Shobtsood	August 1956
date of birth	Régis Lant (aka Nornagest, born 10 June 1977) is a Belgian black metal vocalist and writer , best known for his vocal works with the Black Metal band Enthroned and Absu's self-titled release.	Nornagest	10 June 1977
date of birth	Xuân Hồng (Tây Ninh, 1928-1996) was a Vietnamese songwriter and singer.	Xuân Hồng	1928
date of birth	Wayne Inouye (born 1953) formerly served as Gateway's president & CEO.	Wayne Inouye	1953
date of birth	Augustine Courtauld (26 August 1904 -- 3 March 1959), often called August Courtauld, was a yachtsman and British Arctic explorer, best known for serving as the solo meteorologist of a winter observation post, Icecap Station, located in the interior of Greenland in 1930-1931.	Augustine Courtauld	1904
date of birth	Carroll Cook (January 15, 1855 -- ?) was an attorney and judge for the Superior Court, in San Francisco, California, best known for the national attention drawn to some of his rulings in famous cases, several of which were upheld by the United States Supreme Court	Carroll Cook	1855
date of birth	Johnny Speight (2 June 1920 -- 5 July 1998) was a British television scriptwriter of many classic British sitcoms.	Johnny Speight	2 June 1920
date of birth	Bo Becker (born 1971) is a Swedish economist, and Professor of Financial Economics at the Stockholm School of Economics, known for his work on rating, reputation and competition.	Bo Becker	1971
date of birth	Basanta Bahadur Rana (born 18 January 1984 in Chamkipur, Nepal) is an Indian athlete who competes in racewalking.	Basanta Bahadur Rana	18 January 1984
date of birth	He was born in Puebla, 2 April 1813, the son of Lt. Col. José María Lafragua and Mariana de Ibarra and Veytia.	José María Lafragua	2 April 1813
date of birth	Yusuf Erdoğan (born 7 August 1992) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish club Trabzonspor.	Yusuf Erdoğan	7 August 1992
date of birth	Dean Barrett (born 1942, New London, Connecticut) is an American novelist, mystery writer and playwright.	Dean Barrett	1942
date of birth	Lauren Chilvers (born 22 April 1989) is an Australian association footballer currently playing for Australian W-League team Adelaide United.	Lauren Chilvers	22 April 1989
date of birth	Jean-Baptiste Rolland (2 January 1815 -- 22 March 1888) was a Canadian printer, bookseller, businessman, and politician.	Jean-Baptiste Rolland	2 January 1815
date of birth	Petar Berislavić (or Péter Beriszló in Hungarian) (Trogir, 1475 -- May 20, 1520), a member of the Berislavići Trogirski noble family, was the ban (viceroy) of Croatia from 1513 to 1520 and also bishop of Veszprém.	Petar Berislavić	1475
date of birth	Esat Teliti (born 27 December 1950 in Kavajë) is an Albanian filmmaker, producer and former actor.	Esat Teliti	27 December 1950
date of birth	Marijus Adomaitis (born 19 January 1983), better known by his stage names Ten Walls or Mario Basanov, is a Lithuanian producer who is best known for his 2014 single ``Walking with Elephants'', which peaked at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart.	Ten Walls	1983
date of birth	Jy Hitchcox (born 18 August 1989) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Castleford Tigers in the Super League.	Jy Hitchcox	18 August 1989
date of birth	Donni 1 (born 1 July 1969) is an Australian club and radio DJ, record producer, and entertainment director.	Donni 1	1 July 1969
date of birth	Tatiana Kutlíková (born 27 September 1972) was a Slovak former cross-country skier and biathlete.	Tatiana Kutlíková	27 September 1972
date of birth	Bento Teixeira (1561? -- 1618?) was a Portuguese poet.	Bento Teixeira	1561
date of birth	Willy Mitchell (born Percy Williams; 1953) is a Canadian First Nations musician.	Willy Mitchell	1953
date of birth	Frank Pingel (born 9 May 1964 in Vejlby) is a former Danish footballer who played in the striker position.	Frank Pingel	9 May 1964
date of birth	Allan Burnett (born Glasgow, 12 January 1925, died New Zealand, 10 October 2007) a Scottish anarchist activist.	Allan Burnett	12 January 1925
date of birth	Sheena Porter (born 1935) is a British author of children's novels.	Sheena Porter	1935
date of birth	Joseph Angus (16 January 1816 -- 28 August 1902) was an English Baptist minister, college head, and biblical scholar.	Joseph Angus	16 January 1816
date of birth	Rangeya Raghava (रांगेय राघव) (17 January 1923 -- 12 September 1962), birth name Tirumalai Nambakam Vir Raghava Acharya, was born in Agra, a city of Uttar Pradesh state, India.	Rangeya Raghav	17 January 1923
date of birth	Carlos Victor Penna (1 October 1911 -- 21 February 1998) was an Argentinean library planner and organizer.	Carlos Victor Penna	1 October 1911
date of birth	Robert Henry Southwell (October 1745 -- 29 August 1817), styled The Honourable from 1766, was an Irish politician.	Robert Henry Southwell	October 1745
date of birth	Alexander Ruttkay (born 4 April 1941) is a Slovak archeologist and historian.	Alexander Ruttkay	4 April 1941
date of birth	Sun Zhengcai (Chinese: 孙政才; born September 1963) is a Chinese politician and senior regional official.	Sun Zhengcai	September 1963
date of birth	Karl, 12th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau (German: Karl Maximilian Philipp Ivan Fürst Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau; born 10 January 1967) is the current titular pretender Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau as well the head of the House of Kinsky.	Karl, 12th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau	10 January 1967
date of birth	Xu Jiao (Chinese: 徐娇; born 5 August 1997) is a Chinese actress.	Xu Jiao	5 August 1997
date of birth	Kathrine Windfeld (21 August 1966 -- 6 February 2015) was a Danish film and television director.	Kathrine Windfeld	21 August 1966
date of birth	Edward J. Zore (born 1945) is the former president and CEO of Northwestern Mutual and current chairman.	Edward J. Zore	1945
date of birth	Bratko Bibič (born 1957) is a Slovenian accordionist.	Bratko Bibič	1957
date of birth	Andrew C. Wilson,a judge, was born November 6, 1816, in Irving Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania.	Andrew C. Wilson	1816
date of birth	Marcel Gaudart or Marc Gaudart (10 June 1913--2 July 1959) was a film director, producer, former Jesuit priest (Licence Théologie) and member of the French Resistance.	Marcel Gaudart	10 June 1913
date of birth	Joe Hilley (born June 1956) is a New York Times Best Selling author.	Joe Hilley	1956
date of birth	Antoni Leśniowski (January 28, 1867--April 4, 1940) was a Polish surgeon, credited with publishing what may have been the earliest reports of the condition which later became known as Crohn's disease.	Antoni Leśniowski	1867
date of birth	Atina Grossmann (born 4 November 1950) is a professor at The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art. Her research relates to transnational Jewish refugee stories ``Soviet Central Asia, Iran, and India:	Atina Grossmann	4 November 1950
date of birth	Lubomír Kubica (born 10 March 1979) is a Czech association footballer who last played for FC Tescoma Zlín in the Czech 2.	Lubomír Kubica	10 March 1979
date of birth	Duchess Sophie of Prussia (c. 31 March 1582 -- c. 24 November 1610) was a German princess of the Duchy of Prussia and a member of the House of Hohenzollern.	Duchess Sophie of Prussia	31 March 1582
date of birth	Kalanikauikaalaneo Kai Keōpūolani-Ahu-i-Kekai-Makuahine-a-Kama-Kalani-Kau-i-Kealaneo (1778--1823) was a queen consort of Hawaii and the highest ranking wife of King Kamehameha I.	Keōpūolani	1778
date of birth	Andrea Belotti (born 20 December 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Torino.	Andrea Belotti	20 December 1993
date of birth	Võ Út Cường (born 12 June 1990) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Midfielder for V-League club Hoang Anh Gia Lai.	Võ Út Cường	12 June 1990
date of birth	Karin Schaupp (born 1972) is a German-born Australian classical guitarist and actress.	Karin Schaupp	1972
date of birth	Francesco Mondada (born 17 March 1967) is a Swiss professor in artificial intelligence and robotics.	Francesco Mondada	17 March 1967
date of birth	Png Eng Huat (simplified Chinese: 方荣发; traditional Chinese: 方榮發; pinyin: Fāng Róngfā; born 9 December 1961) is a Singaporean politician and businessman.	Png Eng Huat	9 December 1961
date of birth	Robert Marshall Root (1863--1937), was a well-known Midwestern tonalist and impressionist artist.	Robert Marshall Root	1863
date of birth	Françoise Massardier-Kenney (born 1954) is an American translator and translation scholar.	Françoise Massardier-Kenney	1954
date of birth	Gaston Bastiaens (born 16 December 1946 Westerlo (Belgium)) is a Belgian engineer and businessman.	Gaston Bastiaens	16 December 1946
date of birth	Michael Galinsky (born 1969) is an American filmmaker, cinematographer, photographer, and musician who has produced and directed a number of documentaries, several of them in collaboration with his now-wife, Suki Hawley.	Michael Galinsky	1969
date of birth	Travis Johnstone (born 17 July 1980) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for the Melbourne Football Club and Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Travis Johnstone	17 July 1980
date of birth	Boo Junfeng (Chinese: 巫俊锋; pinyin: wū jùn fēng; born 4 December 1983) is a Singaporean filmmaker.	Boo Junfeng	4 December 1983
date of birth	Mathias Röthenmund (born 22 October 1974) is a Swiss slalom canoer who competed in the 1990s and 2000s.	Mathias Röthenmund	22 October 1974
date of birth	Mason Phelps Jr (1949) is an American equestrian rider, founder of Phelps Media Group, and former Olympian.	Mason Phelps Jr	1949
date of birth	Robert Bowyer II (by 1529-1567/1568), of the Middle Temple, London and Chichester, Sussex, was an English politician.	Robert Bowyer II	1529
date of birth	Princess Alexandra of Hanover (Alexandra Charlotte Ulrike Maryam Virginia; born 20 July 1999) is the only child of Princess Caroline of Monaco and Prince Ernst August, heir to the throne of the defunct Kingdom of Hanover.	Alexandra of Hanover	20 July 1999
date of birth	Terje Breivik (born 24 March 1965) is a Norwegian politician and entrepreneur.	Terje Breivik	1965
date of birth	An Jung-sik (안중식, 1861-1919), pen name Simjeon 심전, was an artist who lived at the very end of the Joseon period.	An Jung-sik	1861
date of birth	Ephraim of Bonn (1132--1200) was a Jewish writer who documented the massacre of the Jews in the city of York in 1190.	Ephraim of Bonn	1132
date of birth	Stefano Anzi (born 21 May 1949) is a retired Italian alpine skier who specialized in the downhill event.	Stefano Anzi	21 May 1949
date of birth	Giucas Casella (born 15 November 1949) is an Italian illusionist, hypnotist and television personality.	Giucas Casella	15 November 1949
date of birth	Daniela Marina Elisabeth Klein (born 10 July 1979), known by her stage name Damae, is a German TV presenter and singer-songwriter who debuted as a vocalist on the Fragma track ``You Are Alive''.	Damae	10 July 1979
date of birth	Fiona Phillips (born 1 January 1961) is an English journalist, broadcaster and television presenter, best known for her presenting roles with the ITV Breakfast programme GMTV.	Fiona Phillips	1 January 1961
date of birth	Thet Win Aung (သက်ဝင်းအောင် (θɛʔ wɪ́ɴ àʊɴ); 27 August 1971 -- 16 October 2006) was a Burmese student activist.	Thet Win Aung	27 August 1971
date of birth	Jaap van Lagen (born 22 December 1976 in Ede) is a Dutch racing driver, who is a former competitor in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series and a former Eurocup Megane Trophy champion.	Jaap van Lagen	22 December 1976
date of birth	John Brignon, S.J. (1629 -- June 12, 1712) was a translator of religious works into French.	John Brignon	1629
date of birth	Hannu Koponen (born 8 November 1959 in Kaavi) is a Finnish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion.	Hannu Koponen	8 November 1959
date of birth	Ahmed Hassan Taleb (born 29 March 1980) is a Bahraini footballer how play as midfielder.	Ahmed Hassan Taleb	29 March 1980
date of birth	Nil Abarbanel (Hebrew: ניל אברבאנל‎; born 19 June 1987) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Maccabi Yavne.	Nil Abarbanel	19 June 1987
date of birth	Charles E. Fairman (28 December 1856 -- 27 December 1934) was an American physician who published in the field of mycology.	Charles E. Fairman	28 December 1856
date of birth	Sir Montague Shearman (7 April 1857 -- 6 January 1930) was an English judge and athlete.	Montague Shearman	7 April 1857
date of birth	Alec Kirkland (born 26 August 1900, date of death unknown) was an Irish football player who played as a full back.	Alec Kirkland	26 August 1900
date of birth	Richard L. Hauke (1930-2001) was a for many years a Professor of Botany at the University of Rhode Island in Kingston, Rhode Island.	Richard L. Hauke	1930
date of birth	Andrei Luzgin (born 2 February 1973) is a tennis coach and former Estonian tennis player.	Andrei Luzgin	2 February 1973
date of birth	James Byng (born 1985) is an English actor and vocalist.	James Byng	1985
date of birth	Robert Mitford (1612--1674) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659.	Robert Mitford	1612
date of birth	Marinus Valentijn (21 October 1900, Sint Willebrord - 3 November 1991, Sint Willebrord) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer.	Marinus Valentijn	21 October 1900
date of birth	Sir Anthony Paulet (1562--1600) of Hinton St George, Somerset, was Governor of Jersey from 1588 until his death in 1600.	Anthony Paulet	1562
date of birth	Michael J. Kowalski (born 1952) is an American businessman, the former chairman and CEO of Tiffany & Co., the American jewelry retailer.	Michael J. Kowalski	1952
date of birth	Walter Bruyninckx (pronounced Brer-ninks; born 27 August 1932) is a Belgian jazz discographer, musicologist, jazz historian, author, and journalist.	Walter Bruyninckx	27 August 1932
date of birth	Richard Asplin (born 1972, in London, England) is an English novelist working in the crime and comic novel genres.	Richard Asplin	1972
date of birth	Shantha Roberts (born May 1982) is a former MTV presenter.	Shantha Roberts	May 1982
date of birth	Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox (21 September 1516 -- 4 September 1571) was the 4th Earl of Lennox, and leader of the Catholic nobility in Scotland.	Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox	21 September 1516
date of birth	Charles Newland Godfrey Jadis (6 November 1730 -- March 1801) was a naval officer, army officer, and merchant in Canada.	Charles Newland Godfrey Jadis	6 November 1730
date of birth	John Emmeus Davis (born 1949) is a scholar, writer, teacher and community organizer who has advanced the understanding and development of community land trusts in the United States, Great Britain, Australia, and Belgium.	John Emmeus Davis	1949
date of birth	David Mayer de Rothschild (born 25 August 1978) is a British adventurer, ecologist, and environmentalist and head of Sculpt the Future Foundation, a charity that supports innovations and creativity in social and environmental impact efforts.	David Mayer de Rothschild	25 August 1978
date of birth	Steve Hywood (born 31 May 1950) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Steve Hywood	31 May 1950
date of birth	Ahn Hyun-beom (Hangul: 안현범; Hanja: 安鉉範; born 21 December 1994)is a South Korean football Forward who plays for Jeju United in K League Classic.	Ahn Hyun-beom	21 December 1994
date of birth	Floella Benjamin, Baroness Benjamin, OBE DL (born 23 September 1949) is a Trinidadian-British actress, author, television presenter, singer, businesswoman and politician.	Floella Benjamin	23 September 1949
date of birth	Sarah Wylie (born 1989) is a Canadian writer of young adult novels.	Sarah Wylie	1989
date of birth	Claes-Ulrik Winberg (23 September 1925 -- 31 May 1989) was a Swedish industrialist and business executive.	Claes-Ulrik Winberg	23 September 1925
date of birth	Jim Cheung (born 1972) is a British comic book artist, known for his work on the series such as Scion, New Avengers:	Jim Cheung	1972
date of birth	Krishna Dharma (born 1955 in London) is a British Hindu scholar and author.	Krishna Dharma	1955
date of birth	Anthony Brandon Wong (born 12 May 1965), often credited simply as Anthony Wong, is an Australian actor.	Anthony Brandon Wong	12 May 1965
date of birth	Jonathan Christie (born 9 July 1983 in Glasgow) is a field hockey player from Scotland, playing as a forward.	Jonathan Christie	9 July 1983
date of birth	Julie Dabrusin (born 1971) is a Canadian Liberal politician, who was elected to represent the riding of Toronto--	Julie Dabrusin	1971
date of birth	Jack Condy (born 1 December 1994) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Scarlets regional team as a Number 8.	Jack Condy	1 December 1994
date of birth	Steven Reid Williams (born March 1976) is an English pianist and singer-songwriter born in Bristol, England.	Steven Reid Williams	March 1976
date of birth	Professor Asaf Savaş Akat (born 3 February 1943) is a Turkish economist and academic.	Asaf Savaş Akat	3 February 1943
date of birth	Clifford H. Baldowski (1917--1999) was an editorial cartoonist for the Augusta Chronicle, Miami Herald, and Atlanta Constitution who drew thousands of editorial cartoons under the name ``Baldy''.	Clifford H. Baldowski	1917
date of birth	Joanna Manning (born 1943) is a feminist activist and former Roman Catholic nun currently living in Canada.	Joanna Manning	1943
date of birth	Prince Alexander Chavchavadze (Georgian: ალექსანდრე ჭავჭავაძე; Russian: Александр Чавчавадзе) (1786 -- November 6, 1846) was a notable Georgian poet, public benefactor and military figure.	Alexander Chavchavadze	1786
date of birth	Cesare Maria De Vecchi, 1st Conte di Val Cismon (14 November 1884 - June 23, 1959) was an Italian general, colonial administrator and Fascist politician.	Cesare Maria De Vecchi	14 November 1884
date of birth	Vassos Shiarly (Greek: Βάσος Σιαρλή (locally (ˈvasos ʃaɾˈli)); born 1948) is a British Cypriot banker and politician.	Vassos Shiarly	1948
date of birth	Jake Foster (born 5 October 1988) is a rugby league footballer who currently plays for Eastern Suburbs Tigers in the Queensland Cup.	Jake Foster	5 October 1988
date of birth	Goran Slavkovski (Macedonian: Горан Славковски) (born 8 April 1989) is a Macedonian--	Goran Slavkovski	8 April 1989
date of birth	Ivone Gebara (born 1944) is a Brazilian Catholic nun, philosopher, and feminist theologian.	Ivone Gebara	1944
date of birth	Bethan Huws (born 1961) is a Welsh artist who won the B.A.C.A. Europe 2006 award given by the Bonnefantenmuseum in Maastricht.	Bethan Huws	1961
date of birth	Charles Isaac Mungo Dibdin (27 October 1768 -- 15 January 1833), or Charles Pitt or Charles Dibdin the younger, as he was professionally known, was an English dramatist, composer, writer and theatre proprietor.	Charles Dibdin the younger	27 October 1768
date of birth	Ilan Shor (or Șor; born 6 March 1987) is a Moldovan businessman.	Ilan Shor	6 March 1987
date of birth	Louise English (born 1962,) is an English actress with many roles in West End plays and nationally touring musical theatre productions who was a regular performer on the The Benny Hill Show from 1978 to 1986, as one of Benny's Angels.	Louise English	1962
date of birth	Ivor Spencer-Thomas (11 April 1907 -- 30 August 2001) was an inveterate inventor and improviser, in the forefront of developing agriculture and market gardening as a commercial enterprise.	Ivor Spencer-Thomas	11 April 1907
date of birth	Ava Muhammad (born 1951) is an American Black Muslim.	Ava Muhammad	1951
date of birth	John Derum (born 9 January 1946) is an Australian stage, film and television actor.	John Derum	9 January 1946
date of birth	Wouter Tebbens, (born 6 May 1974) is a Dutch activist, researcher and social entrepreneur on Free Knowledge.	Wouter Tebbens	6 May 1974
date of birth	Sanjoy Sen (born 12 December 1960) is a football manager who is currently managing Mohun Bagan in the I-League.	Sanjoy Sen	12 December 1960
date of birth	Egon Madsen (born 24 August 1942) is a Danish ballet dancer, a former principal dancer with the Royal Ballet and Stuttgart Ballet, where he worked closely with the choreographer John Cranko.	Egon Madsen	24 August 1942
date of birth	Imre Finta (1911--2003) was the first person prosecuted under Canada's war crimes legislation.	Imre Finta	1911
date of birth	David Nachmias was born on 19 March 1966 in Bombay to a Greek family, but grew up in Athens.	David Nachmias	19 March 1966
date of birth	Akshara Haasan (born 12 October 1991) is an Indian film actress, screenwriter, assistant director,dancer who works primarily in Bollywood.	Akshara Haasan	12 October 1991
date of birth	Andrea Bagnai (born 2 April 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian third division side Prato.	Andrea Bagnai	2 April 1992
date of birth	Mykkele Thompson (born 1993) is an American football free safety for the New York Giants of the National Football League.	Mykkele Thompson	1993
date of birth	M. E. Mitchell (born 28 June 1934) is an Irish botanist and writer.	M. E. Mitchell	28 June 1934
date of birth	Nicholas Charles Williams (born 1961) is an English painter and draughtsman.	Nicholas Charles Williams	1961
date of birth	Antonio Virgilio Savona (21 December 1919 -- 27 August 2009) was an Italian composer, arranger, and singer in the Italian vocal group, the Quartetto Cetra.	Virgilio Savona	21 December 1919
date of birth	Georges Bess (born 1947) is a comics artist and comic book creator, best known for his collaborations with Alejandro Jodorowsky.	Georges Bess	1947
date of birth	Hal V. Barron (born 1962) is an American clinician-scientist and drug developer currently serving as president of research and development at Calico.	Hal V. Barron	1962
date of birth	Stan Seymour (16 May 1895 -- 24 December 1978) was a footballer who played for Newcastle United.	Stan Seymour	16 May 1895
date of birth	Rubén Vallejos Gajardo (born 20 May 1967) is a Chilean former footballer and manager.	Rubén Vallejos	20 May 1967
date of birth	Summer Wesley (born 1981 in Choctaw) is an attorney, writer, and activist from Oklahoma.	Summer Wesley	1981
date of birth	Cesáreo Onzari (February, 1903 - January, 1964) was an Argentine footballer who played as a left winger.	Cesáreo Onzari	1903
date of birth	Ruth Hart (1893 -- 2 May 1952), was an American actress.	Ruth Hart	1893
date of birth	Nicola Lewis (born 9 February 1977) was a Welsh netball player, playing in the positions of Goal Shooter and Goal Attack.	Nicola Lewis	9 February 1977
date of birth	Jasmine Yeong-Nathan (Simplified Chinese: 杨佳敏, born 1988) is a Singaporean ten-pin bowler and reigning AMF Bowling World Cup ladies champion.	Jasmine Yeong-Nathan	1988
date of birth	Edmund John Niemann (1813--1876) was a prolific and highly successful British landscape artist working mostly in oils.	Edmund John Niemann	1813
date of birth	Anthony Ashley Cooper, 4th Earl of Shaftesbury (9 February 1711 -- 27 May 1771) was a British peer and philanthropist, who served as one of the leading figures in the foundation of the colony of Georgia and as Lord Lieutenant of Dorset from 1734 until his death.	Anthony Ashley Cooper, 4th Earl of Shaftesbury	9 February 1711
date of birth	Daniel Raymond (1786--1849) was the first important political economist to appear in the United States.	Daniel Raymond	1786
date of birth	Nevo Mizrahi (Hebrew: נבו מזרחי‎, born 26 July 1987) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Kfar Saba.	Nevo Mizrahi	26 July 1987
date of birth	Hans von Borsody (German: (ˈboʁʒodi); 20 September 1929 -- 4 November 2013) was a German film actor.	Hans von Borsody	20 September 1929
date of birth	Major-General Guy Tousignant, CMM, CD (born 1941) is a Canadian soldier.	Guy Tousignant	1941
date of birth	Todros ben Judah Halevi Abulafia (1247 -- after 1300) was a Jewish poet who wrote primarily in Hebrew.	Todros ben Judah Halevi Abulafia	1247
date of birth	Lee Sung-jea (Hangul: 이성제, Korean pronunciation: (iː.sʰʌŋ.dʑɛ); born 1969) is a South Korean football manager and former player,	Lee Sung-jea	1969
date of birth	Paolo Ignazio Maria Thaon di Revel (2 May 1888 -- 1 June 1973) was an Italian politician and fencer.	Paolo Ignazio Maria Thaon di Revel	2 May 1888
date of birth	Mikhail Simonov (19 October 1929 -- 4 March 2011) was a Russian aircraft designer famed for creating the Sukhoi Su-27 fighter-bomber, the Soviet Union's answer to the American F-15 Eagle.	Mikhail Simonov	19 October 1929
date of birth	Kelly Church, a fifth-generation basket weaver, was born in 1967.	Kelly Church	1967
date of birth	Suchen Christine Lim (born 1948) was born in Ipoh, Federation of Malaya and had her early education at the Convent of the Holy Infant Jesus (CHIJ) in Penang and Kedah.	Suchen Christine Lim	1948
date of birth	Abubakar Moro (born 17 August 1991) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for FK Donji Srem in the Serbian SuperLiga	Abubakar Moro	17 August 1991
date of birth	'Mohammed Ahmed Al Mahmood' (Arabic: محمد أحمد المحمود‎, born 30 December 1950 in Al Ain, UAE) was the extraordinary and authorized Ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to the Federal Republic of Germany from 2004 until 2012, when he was succeeded by Juma Mubarak Al Junaibi	Mohammed Ahmed Al Mahmood	30 December 1950
date of birth	Morgan Weisser (born 12 May 1971) is an American actor and the son of German born actor Norbert Weisser.	Morgan Weisser	12 May 1971
date of birth	CJ Hopkins (born 1961) is a contemporary American playwright.	CJ Hopkins	1961
date of birth	Maurice Benedict de Worms (1805-1867) was an Austrian plantation owner in Ceylon.	Maurice Benedict de Worms	1805
date of birth	Sir Richard Carnac Temple, 2nd Baronet CB, CIE (15 October 1850 -- 3 March 1931) was the British Chief Commissioner of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and an anthropological writer.	Richard Carnac Temple	15 October 1850
date of birth	Emily Elizabeth Constance Jones (19 February 1848 -- 9 April 1922) was an English philosopher and educator.	Constance Jones	19 February 1848
date of birth	Moritz Löw, astronomer; born at Makó, Hungary, in 1841; died in Steglitz, Berlin, May 25, 1900; studied at the universities of Leipzig and Vienna, and received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Budapest (1867).	Moritz Löw	1841
date of birth	Syed Nazeer Husain (1805-1902) was a religious leader of India.	Syed Nazeer Husain	1805
date of birth	Wenceslaus Linck (Wenceslau Linck) (1736 -- after 1790) was the last of the outstanding Jesuit missionary-explorers in Baja California.	Wenceslaus Linck	1736
date of birth	The English language publication Who's Who in Burma published in 1961 by People's Literature House, Rangoon, stated that Ne Win was born on 14 May 1911.	Ne Win	14 May 1911
date of birth	William Sampson Handley MD, MS, FRCS (12 April 1872 -- 1962) was an English surgeon who influenced the development of cancer surgery.	Sampson Handley	12 April 1872
date of birth	Gerald Coates (born 1944) is the founder of Pioneer, a Christian community established to ``develop new churches across the UK and engage in mission globally.''	Gerald Coates	1944
date of birth	Varol Akman (born 8 June 1957, Antalya, Turkey) is the Chairperson of the Department of Philosophy and Professor of Computer Engineering in Bilkent University, Ankara.	Varol Akman	1957
date of birth	Archbishop Emeritus Joachim N'Dayen (born 22 December 1934, in Loko) is a former Roman Catholic Archbishop in the Central African Republic.	Joachim N'Dayen	22 December 1934
date of birth	Bryan Crimmins (25 October 1919 -- 15 February 1998) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bryan Crimmins	25 October 1919
date of birth	John Angus Macnab (1906--1977) was a British conservative politician who embraced Roman Catholicism under the influence of G. K. Chesterton and Hilaire Belloc, who was a close associate of William Joyce, and who later became noted as a Perennialist writer on Medieval Spain and translator of Latin and Greek poetry.	Angus Macnab	1906
date of birth	Shen Quan (simplified Chinese: 沈铨; traditional Chinese: 沈銓; pinyin: Shěn Quán; Wade--Giles: Shen Ch'üan; c. 1682--1760) was a Chinese painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644--1912).	Shen Quan	1682
date of birth	Roberto Martínez Montoliú (born 13 July 1973) is a Spanish former professional footballer who is the current manager of Premier League club Everton.	Roberto Martínez	13 July 1973
date of birth	Elena Mendoza (Sevilla, 1973) is a Spanish composer of contemporary music and musical theatre.	Elena Mendoza	1973
date of birth	Hana Machatová-Bogušovská (born 31 July 1938) is a retired Czech rhythmic gymnast.	Hana Machatová-Bogušovská	31 July 1938
date of birth	Kai Kovaljeff (born 8 August 1985 in Tampere) is a Finnish ski jumper.	Kai Kovaljeff	8 August 1985
date of birth	Markus Gasser (born 1967) is an Austrian literary scientist and author.	Markus Gasser	1967
date of birth	Hamza Kashgari Mohamad Najeeb (often Hamza Kashgari, Arabic: حمزة كاشغري‎; born 1989) is a Saudi poet and a former columnist for the Saudi daily newspaper Al-Bilad.	Hamza Kashgari	1989
date of birth	Yang Woo-suk (born October 24, 1969) is a South Korean film director and cartoonist.	Yang Woo-suk	1969
date of birth	Emily Young McQueen (born 1981) is an American wheelchair racer.	Emily Young McQueen	1981
date of birth	Marian Keyes (born 10 September 1963) is an Irish novelist and non-fiction writer, best known for her work in women's literature.	Marian Keyes	10 September 1963
date of birth	Evelina Papoulia (Greek: Εβελίνα Παπούλια; born 25 March 1971), is a Greek actress and dancer.	Evelina Papoulia	25 March 1971
date of birth	John Ssebaana Kizito (born 1934) is a Ugandan, businessman, economist and politician.	John Ssebaana Kizito	1934
date of birth	Ann Paton, Lady Paton (born 1952) is a Scottish advocate and judge.	Ann Paton, Lady Paton	1952
date of birth	Tore Østby (born 1972) was a founder, guitarist, producer and songwriter for Norwegian progressive metal band Conception from 1989 to 1998.	Tore Østby	1972
date of birth	Jäje Johansson (born 11 October 1969), better known by his stage name Jay-Jay Johanson, is a Swedish singer-songwriter, known for his melancholic vocals.	Jay-Jay Johanson	11 October 1969
date of birth	Viktoria Dimitrova (Bulgarian: Виктория Димитрова; 11 June 1976 -- 8 November 1994) was a Bulgarian figure skater.	Viktoria Dimitrova	11 June 1976
date of birth	Sérgio Mendes Coimbra known as Serginho Paulista (little Sérgio of São Paulo) (born 13 March 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Londrina.	Serginho Paulista	13 March 1988
date of birth	Prabhakar Panshikar (Marathi: प्रभाकर पणशीकर) (14 March 1931 -- 13 January 2011) was an Indian stage actor.	Prabhakar Panshikar	14 March 1931
date of birth	Léon Schots (born 11 June 1952) is a Belgian former long-distance runner who competed in track and cross country running competitions.	Léon Schots	11 June 1952
date of birth	Pascale Montpetit is a French Canadian actress, born in 1961.	Pascale Montpetit	1961
date of birth	Idan Vered (Hebrew: עידן ורד‎; born 1 January 1989) is an Israeli footballer who plays for the Serbian SuperLiga club Red Star Belgrade.	Idan Vered	1 January 1989
date of birth	Andrew Hauptman (born 1969) is an American businessman, co-founder of the investment firm Andell Holdings, and owner of the Major League Soccer team, the Chicago Fire.	Andrew Hauptman	1969
date of birth	Reggie Fowler was born Reginald Dennis Fowler in February, 1959, to Al and Eloise Fowler -- one of five children.	Reggie Fowler	1959
date of birth	John Stuart Ingle (1933 - October 30, 2010) was an American contemporary realist artist, known for his meticulously rendered watercolor paintings, typically still lifes.	John Stuart Ingle	1933
date of birth	Ida Bobach (born 30 July 1991 in Silkeborg) is a Danish orienteering competitor who was Junior World Champion in 2009, and became triple Junior World Champion from 2010, when she won the sprint, long distance and the relay.	Ida Bobach	30 July 1991
date of birth	Adrian Hodges (born 4 February 1957) is an English television and film writer.	Adrian Hodges	4 February 1957
date of birth	Mitja Gaspari (born 25 November 1951) is a Slovenian economist, banker, and politician.	Mitja Gaspari	25 November 1951
date of birth	John Aiton D.D. (June 1797 -- 1863) was a Scottish religious writer.	John Aiton	June 1797
date of birth	Vasile Grecu (31 July 1885 -- 27 May 1972) was a Romanian philologist and Byzantinist.	Vasile Grecu	31 July 1885
date of birth	Linda Stone (born 1955) is a writer and consultant who coined the phrase ``continuous partial attention'' in 1998.	Linda Stone	1955
date of birth	Prof. Manuel Trajtenberg (Hebrew: מנואל טרכטנברג‎ born 21 September 1950) is an Israeli economist, chair of the Planning and Budgeting Committee of the Council for Higher Education in Israel.	Manuel Trajtenberg	21 September 1950
date of birth	Blake Cooper (born October 10, 2001) is an American actor, best known for playing the role of Chuck in The Maze Runner.	Blake Cooper	2001
date of birth	Yakov Godorozha (Ukrainian: Яків Семенович Годорожа: Yakiv Semenovych Hodorozha; born 18 May 1993) is a Ukrainian former competitive figure skater.	Yakov Godorozha	18 May 1993
date of birth	Goran Radojević (born 9 November 1963) is a retired Serbian football player, who also holds German citizenship.	Goran Radojević	9 November 1963
date of birth	Christen Smed (born Christen Christensen Storsveen), who was born in 1797 at farm number 34 in West Gausdal, and died 28 April 1846 in Molde, was the first person to climb Romsdalshornet, together with Hans Bjermeland in 1828.	Christen Smed	1797
date of birth	Graham Cairns (born 1971, UK) is an author and academic.	Graham Cairns	1971
date of birth	Dainis Dukurs (born 24 January 1954) is a Latvian retired bobsledder, Sigulda bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track manager, member of Sigulda municipality council and skeleton coach.	Dainis Dukurs	24 January 1954
date of birth	Jane Bartle-Wilson (born 14 February 1951 in Harrogate, North Yorkshire) was a former Olympian, competing in the 1984 Los Angeles games with her horse Pinocchio, in the individual dressage event.	Jane Bartle-Wilson	14 February 1951
date of birth	Kathleen Hall (born 12 August 1951) is an expert in stress, mindful living and mindfulness.	Kathleen Hall	12 August 1951
date of birth	Chrystiano Gomes Ferraz (born 6 December 1986), nicknamed Chrys, is a Brazilian professional football player who plays as a midfielder or striker.	Chrys	6 December 1986
date of birth	Lilian Faschinger (born 29 April 1950 in Tschöran, Carinthia) is an Austrian novelist, short story writer, poet, and literary translator.	Lilian Faschinger	1950
date of birth	Afua Cooper (born 8 November 1957) is a Jamaican-born Canadian historian, author and dub poet.	Afua Cooper	8 November 1957
date of birth	Terese Nielsen (born March 11, 1966) is a California-based freelance fantasy artist and illustrator.	Terese Nielsen	1966
date of birth	Eugenio Colombo (born 1953) is an Italian saxophonist and flautist most associated with avant-garde jazz.	Eugenio Colombo	1953
date of birth	Rick Kemp (born 15 November 1941 in Little Hanford, Dorset) is an English bass player, guitarist, songwriter, vocalist and record producer, best known for his work with the pioneering electric folk band, Steeleye Span.	Rick Kemp	15 November 1941
date of birth	František Blažek (1863--1944) is a Czech-born architect who designed a great number of Bosnia and Herzegovina buildings during Austro-Hungarian period.	František Blažek	1863
date of birth	Bjørn Atle Holter-Hovind (born 14 April 1944) is a Norwegian media and corporate executive.	Bjørn Atle Holter-Hovind	14 April 1944
date of birth	Torger Motland (born 26 March 1985 in Hommersåk) is a Norwegian football striker who currently plays for Ålgård.His previous clubs include Viking, Sandnes Ulf, Bryne and Mandalskameratene, FH Hafnarfjörður.	Torger Motland	26 March 1985
date of birth	Osvaldo Fattori (born 22 June 1922) is a former Italian football (soccer) player.	Osvaldo Fattori	22 June 1922
date of birth	Julian O'Neill (born 14 October 1972 in Hornsby, New South Wales) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Julian O'Neill	14 October 1972
date of birth	``David A. Wallace, FAICP, AIA, PP'' (1917 -- July 19, 2004) was an influential urban planner and architect who founded the firm of Wallace Roberts & Todd (WRT) with Ian McHarg.	David A. Wallace	1917
date of birth	Richard Mylan (born 1973) is a Welsh stage and television actor and former dancer.	Richard Mylan	1973
date of birth	Reverend Abraham Pierson (1646 -- March 5, 1707) was the first rector, from 1701 to 1707, and one of the founders of the Collegiate School -- which later became Yale University.	Abraham Pierson	1646
date of birth	Pat Capponi (born 1949) is a Canadian author and an advocate for mental health issues and poverty issues in Canada.	Pat Capponi	1949
date of birth	Salah Benlabed (born 1950) is an Algerian architect, academic, novelist and poet.	Salah Benlabed	1950
date of birth	Daniel Gwyther (born 29 March 1986) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for the Long Island Rough Riders of the United Soccer Leagues.	Daniel Gwyther	29 March 1986
date of birth	Domingo ``Sam'' Samudio (born 6 March 1937, Dallas, Texas), better known by his stage name Sam the Sham, is a retired American rock and roll singer.	Sam the Sham	6 March 1937
date of birth	Juan García Ponce (September 22, 1932--December 27, 2003) was a Mexican novelist, short-story writer, essayist, translator and critic of Mexican art.	Juan García Ponce	1932
date of birth	Mohamed Saïd El Wardi (Arabic: محمد سعيد الوردي‎; born 19 April 1972) is a Moroccan athlete who specializes in the 5000 metres and cross-country running.	Mohamed Saïd El Wardi	19 April 1972
date of birth	Stefano Agostini (born 3 January 1989) is a professional road cyclist, who last rode for Cannondale.	Stefano Agostini	3 January 1989
date of birth	Remzi Gür (born October 1949) is a Turkish businessman, founder and owner of the Ramsey clothing manufacturing and retail company, and ``a close friend and financial sponsor of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan''.	Remzi Gür	October 1949
date of birth	Jerzy Janiszewski (born 11 March 1952 in Płock) is a Polish artist, best known for designing the Solidarity logo in 1980.	Jerzy Janiszewski	11 March 1952
date of birth	Anu Aggarwal (born 11 January 1969) is a former Indian model and actress.	Anu Aggarwal	11 January 1969
date of birth	Dilly Braimoh (born 1953) is an African-British television presenter, producer and freelance journalist.	Dilly Braimoh	1953
date of birth	Lalla Ward (born Sarah Ward; 28 June 1951) is an English actress and author.	Lalla Ward	28 June 1951
date of birth	Germain Doucet, Sieur de La Verdure (born around 1595 near Couperans en Brye (most likely Coubron northeast of Paris), France) was a French commander in the French colony of Acadia.	Germain Doucet	1595
date of birth	Barbara Fugger (1419--1497) was a German businessperson and banker.	Barbara Fugger	1419
date of birth	Carlos Morel (12 February 1813 -- 10 September 1894) was a prominent Argentine painter in the nineteenth century, known as the first truly Argentine painter.	Carlos Morel	12 February 1813
date of birth	Konstantin Tupikov (born 25 April 1983) is a former competitive figure skater who represented Ukraine until 2005 and then decided to compete for Poland.	Konstantin Tupikov	25 April 1983
date of birth	William Frere (1775--1836), was an English lawyer and academic, a law-serjeant and Master of Downing College, Cambridge.	William Frere	1775
date of birth	Einar Østby (born 17 September 1935) is a former Norwegian cross-country skier who competed during the early 1960s.	Einar Østby	17 September 1935
date of birth	Skaay was a blind, crippled storyteller of the Haida village of Ttanuu born c. 1827 at Qquuna.	Skaay	1827
date of birth	Gian Luigi Zampieri (Rome, 10 June 1965) is an Italian conductor.	Gian Luigi Zampieri	10 June 1965
date of birth	Mark Fanning (born 11 April 1991) is an Irish hurler who plays as a goalkeeper for the Wexford senior team.	Mark Fanning	11 April 1991
date of birth	Leung Chin-man JP (Chinese: 梁展文; pinyin: Liáng Zhǎnwén, born 1946) is a retired senior civil servant in the Government of Hong Kong the former Permanent Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands.	Leung Chin-man	1946
date of birth	Anita K. Jones (born 1942) is an American computer scientist and former U.S. government official.	Anita K. Jones	1942
date of birth	Heinrich Köberle, born in 1946, is a German athlete.	Heinrich Köberle	1946
date of birth	Khalilah Sabra (/ˈhɑːlilə/; born Christina Couzan 18 December 1967) is an American Muslim advocate and author best known for her work with refugees in the Middle East and literary contributions to the Joe L. Kincheloe and Shirley R. Steinberg series Transgression:	Khalilah Sabra	18 December 1967
date of birth	Lamberto Pignotti (born 1926 in Firenze) is an Italian poet, writer and visual artist.	Lamberto Pignotti	1926
date of birth	Ulrike Felt (born 1957) is an Austrian social scientist, active in the field of Science and Technology Studies.	Ulrike Felt	1957
date of birth	Andrew Beerwinkel (born 5 March 1993 in Saron, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing domestically with the Blue Bulls and in the Super Rugby competition with the Bulls.	Andrew Beerwinkel	5 March 1993
date of birth	Kanuri Ranjith Kumar was an Indian Film Producer, born into a wealthy Agricultural family on 24 March 1938 to Kanuri Ramananda Chowdary and VimalaDevi in a rural village Kowtharam in Krishna District of Andhra Pradesh.	Kanuri Ranjith Kumar	24 March 1938
date of birth	James Barnor (born 6 June 1929) is a pioneering Ghanaian photographer who has been based in London, UK, since the 1990s.	James Barnor	6 June 1929
date of birth	Dannielle Khan (born 1 September 1995) is an English racing cyclist from Solihull, West Midlands, England, who currently rides for Abergavenny RC Women's Team.	Dannielle Khan	1 September 1995
date of birth	Edward Wingate (c. 1606 -- August 1685) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648.	Edward Wingate	1606
date of birth	Charles-Victor Dubois (1832 -- 1869) was a Belgian composer and harmonium player known mostly for improvisations and demonstrations.	Charles-Victor Dubois	1832
date of birth	Ludwig Karl von Kalckstein (10 March 1725 -- 12 October 1800) was a Prussian count and field marshal.	Ludwig Karl von Kalckstein	10 March 1725
date of birth	Elspeth Probyn (born 1958) is a Professor of Gender and Cultural Studies at the University of Sydney.	Elspeth Probyn	1958
date of birth	Willem Boshoff (born 1951) is a South African artist known primarily for his conceptual installations.	Willem Boshoff	1951
date of birth	Anna Giordano Bruno (born 13 December 1980) is a retired Italian track and field athlete who specialised in the pole vault.	Anna Giordano Bruno	13 December 1980
date of birth	Kazimierz Lipień (6 February 1949 in Jaczków - 13 November 2005 in New York City) was a Polish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Kazimierz Lipień	6 February 1949
date of birth	Frank Stock, GBS, JP (Chinese: 司徒敬; born 15 June 1945) is a Non-permanent Judge of Hong Kong's Court of Final Appeal.	Frank Stock	15 June 1945
date of birth	Sir Leigh Lewis KCB (born 1951) is a retired senior British civil servant, who served as the Permanent Secretary for the British Department for Work and Pensions from 2006-2011.	Leigh Lewis	1951
date of birth	Epameinondas Thomopoulos (Greek: Επαμεινώνδας Θωμόπουλος, 1878 - January 4, 1976) was a Greek artist who attended the academy and the first Greek impressionist.	Epameinondas Thomopoulos	1878
date of birth	Tracy Mackenna (1963) is a Scottish-Italian artist, creating works with her partner, the Dutch artist Edwin Janssen.	Tracy Mackenna	1963
date of birth	Mirosław Jan Stasik (born 27 January 1929 r. in Łódź) is a Polish medical doctor and research toxicologist.	Mirosław Jan Stasik	1929
date of birth	Matthew Bowden (1779--1814) served as surgeon in the Royal Lancashire Regiment and assistant surgeon on David Collins' 1803 expedition to found a British settlement in Port Phillip, now part of Victoria, Australia.	Matthew Bowden	1779
date of birth	Paul Matisse (born 1933) is an artist and inventor.	Paul Matisse	1933
date of birth	Fritz Balogh (16 December 1920 -- 15 January 1951) was a German footballer.	Fritz Balogh	16 December 1920
date of birth	Niall MacPhee (born 19 September 1985) is a shinty player from Fort William, Scotland.	Niall MacPhee	1985
date of birth	Jean-Claude Schindelholz (born 11 October 1940) was a Swiss football striker.	Jean-Claude Schindelholz	11 October 1940
date of birth	Laraine Herring (born 1968) is an American writer of both novels and nonfiction books.	Laraine Herring	1968
date of birth	Ragnar Bjarnason, also called Raggi Bjarna, (born 22 September 1934) is an Icelandic singer.	Ragnar Bjarnason	22 September 1934
date of birth	Wang Xiaojun (Chinese: 王晓军; born September 1952) is a lieutenant general of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Wang Xiaojun	September 1952
date of birth	Charlotte Eisler (2 August 1894 - 21 August 1970) was an Austrian singer, pianist and music teacher associated with the Second Viennese School.	Charlotte Eisler	2 August 1894
date of birth	Justin Clarke (born 9 October 1984), better known by his stage name Ghetts (formerly Ghetto) is an English Grime MC, from Plaistow, Newham, East London with Caribbean roots from Jamaica and Grenada.	Ghetts	9 October 1984
date of birth	Baron Carl von Rokitansky (German: Carl Freiherr von Rokitansky, Czech: Karel Rokytanský) (19 February 1804 -- 23 July 1878), was a Bohemian physician, pathologist, humanist philosopher and liberal politician.	Carl von Rokitansky	19 February 1804
date of birth	Constantin Gheorghe (born on 12 June 1976), better known by his stage name Geo Da Silva, is a Romanian DJ, MC, vocalist, entrepreneur and entertainer.	Geo Da Silva	12 June 1976
date of birth	Øyvind Svenning (born 29 January 1980) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for the Norwegian team Randaberg.	Øyvind Svenning	29 January 1980
date of birth	Scott Jeffery (born 11 February 1977) is a Tasmanian Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.	Scott Jeffery	11 February 1977
date of birth	Brennan Hesser (born 1980) is an American television actress, best known for co-starring in Tori Spelling's VH1 sitcom, So NoTORIous.	Brennan Hesser	1980
date of birth	Matse Uwatse (10 May 1981) popularly known as Matse is a Nigerian radio presenter.	Matse Uwatse	10 May 1981
date of birth	Brendon Feddema (born 14 May 1974) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers between 1996 and 1998.	Brendon Feddema	14 May 1974
date of birth	Dato' Peter Velappan (born 1 October 1935) is a Malaysian association football administrator who served as the General Secretary of the Asian Football Confederation from 1978 to 2007.	Peter Velappan	1 October 1935
date of birth	Guerau de Espés del Valle (Lérida, 1524--1572) was a Spanish nobleman and diplomat.	Guerau de Espés	1524
date of birth	French musician Valentin Clastrier (born 1947) is one of the few performers in the world specializing in contemporary music for the hurdy-gurdy; before Clastrier, the instrument was used primarily in the performance of European Medieval and folk musics.	Valentin Clastrier	1947
date of birth	Geta Brătescu (born 4 May 1926, Ploiești) is a Romanian visual artist.	Geta Brătescu	4 May 1926
date of birth	The second son of Robert Whytt of Bennochie, advocate, and Jean, daughter of Antony Murray of Woodend, Perthshire, he was born in Edinburgh on 6 September 1714, six months after his father's death.	Robert Whytt	6 September 1714
date of birth	Abu Nizam Muhammad Falaki Shirvani (1107, Shamakhi -- 1157, Shamakhi) was a Persian poet from Shirvan (today in Azerbaijan).	Falaki Shirvani	1107
date of birth	Walter Slezak (German pronunciation: (ˌvaltɐ ˈslɛzak)) (3 May 1902 -- 21 April 1983) was an Austrian-born character actor and singer who appeared in German films before migrating to the US in 1930 and featuring in numerous Hollywood productions.	Walter Slezak	3 May 1902
date of birth	Waldemar Pförtsch (* 19. September 1951 in Bamberg) is a German professor, management advisor and specialized book author for business administration and international management.	Waldemar Pförtsch	19. September 1951
date of birth	Duarte de Eça (born 1480) was the 3rd Captain-major of Portuguese Ceylon.	Duarte de Eça	1480
date of birth	Alain Le Boulluec (born 1941) is a contemporary French patristics scholar working mainly in the sphere of Clement of Alexandria and of Origen of Alexandria.	Alain Le Boulluec	1941
date of birth	Ian Irvine (born 1950) is an Australian fantasy and eco-thriller author and marine scientist.	Ian Irvine	1950
date of birth	Lawrence Otis Graham (born 1962) is an African-American attorney, speaker, and New York Times best-selling author.	Lawrence Otis Graham	1962
date of birth	Prema Narayan (born 4 April 1955) is a Model and Bollywood actress-dancer.	Prema Narayan	4 April 1955
date of birth	Alex Wise (born c. 1968) is the host and executive producer of Sea Change Radio, a nationally-distributed interview-format radio show concerned with the advances being made toward a more environmentally sustainable world, economy, and future.	Alex Wise	1968
date of birth	Marc Breuers (born 10 April 1975 in New York) is a former Barber Dodge Pro Series and Atlantic Championship driver.	Marc Breuers	10 April 1975
date of birth	Viththal Dattatreya Ghate (Devanagari: विठ्ठल दत्तात्रेय घाटे) (1894--1978) was an educationist and a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Viththal Dattatreya Ghate	1894
date of birth	Heinz Insu Fenkl (born 1960) is an author, editor, translator, and folklorist.	Heinz Insu Fenkl	1960
date of birth	Chaim Loike (born 1977 in New York) is an American Rabbi who works for the Orthodox Union.	Chaim Loike	1977
date of birth	Earnest Olatunde Thomas (10 December 1922 -- 1981), known as Tunde Nightingale or The Western Nightingale, was a Nigerian singer and guitarist, best known for his unique jùjú music style, following in the tradition of Tunde King.	Tunde Nightingale	10 December 1922
date of birth	Sydney Cohen CBE, FRS (born 18 September 1921) is Emeritus Professor of Chemical Pathology, Guy's Hospital Medical School and an authority on malaria.	Sydney Cohen	18 September 1921
date of birth	Gene Youngblood (born 30 May 1942), is a theorist of media arts and politics, and a respected scholar in the history and theory of alternative cinemas.	Gene Youngblood	30 May 1942
date of birth	Simon Rademan (born Simon Petrus Rademan, on 22 February 1964), is a South African fashion designer and stylist.	Simon Rademan	22 February 1964
date of birth	Kitty van Haperen (20 April 1976) is a retired Dutch athlete and bobsledder.	Kitty van Haperen	20 April 1976
date of birth	Ivan Obradović (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Обрадовић; born 25 July 1988) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Belgian club Anderlecht, as a left back.	Ivan Obradović	25 July 1988
date of birth	Niall Rigney (born 1969 in Portlaoise, County Laois) is an Irish retired hurling manager and player.	Niall Rigney	1969
date of birth	Alma Čardžić (born 1968) is a Bosnian singer, best known internationally for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contests in 1994 and 1997.	Alma Čardžić	1968
date of birth	Sunil Batta (born 12 June 1961) is an Indian film director, producer, scriptwriter and cameraman.	Sunil Batta	12 June 1961
date of birth	Johann Gottlieb Fleischer (15 October 1797 -- 22 April 1838) was a German botanist and ornithologist.	Johann Gottlieb Fleischer	15 October 1797
date of birth	Anthony Flinn is a British chef, born in Liverpool in 1980, and now based in Leeds.	Anthony Flinn	1980
date of birth	Robert McRay (born 1962, Wausau, Wisconsin) is an American television actor, sculptor, and personal trainer.	Robert McRay	1962
date of birth	Jacob Kaufman (15 July 1847 -- 20 April 1920) was an important manufacturer and industrialist in Berlin / Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	Jacob Kaufman	15 July 1847
date of birth	Ben Foskett (born 1977) is a London and Paris-based British composer.	Ben Foskett	1977
date of birth	John Francis Yaxley (born 13 November 1936) Birmingham, England, spent his career as a civil servant in the UK Colonial Office.	John Francis Yaxley	13 November 1936
date of birth	Peter Schreyer (born 1953) is a German automobile designer for Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors, widely known for his design contributions to the Audi TT.	Peter Schreyer	1953
date of birth	Costache Negri (1812--1876) was a Moldavian-born Romanian writer, politician and revolutionary.	Costache Negri	1812
date of birth	Jenni Falconer (born 12 February 1976) is a Scottish radio and television presenter best known for her roles on the ITV daytime show This Morning, where she is a regular travel reporter and is an occasional stand-in host.	Jenni Falconer	12 February 1976
date of birth	Wu Changshun (born January 1954) is the former police chief of the municipality of Tianjin, China.	Wu Changshun	January 1954
date of birth	James Peachey, 1st Baron Selsey (8 March 1723 -- 1 February 1808), known as Sir James Peachey, Bt, between 1765 and 1794, was a British politician and courtier.	James Peachey, 1st Baron Selsey	8 March 1723
date of birth	Fatima Murtaza Bhutto (Urdu: فاطمہ مُرتضیٰ بھُٹّو‎; born 29 May 1982), known as Fatima Bhutto (Urdu: فاطمہ بھٹو‎), is a Pakistani poet and writer.	Fatima Bhutto	29 May 1982
date of birth	Michael D. Penner (born 1969) is a Canadian lawyer and businessman.	Michael D. Penner	1969
date of birth	Osama Mounir (born in 1970) is a Christian Egyptian TV personality, his famous program is ``Ana Welnogoom We Hawak'' (English:I,the stars and your love)(Arabic:أنا والنجوم وهواك) which is a program about love on Nogoom FM radio channel.	Osama Mounir	1970
date of birth	Kit Osbourne (born 1990) is an American professional wrestler, who currently works for Combat Zone Wrestling.	Kit Osbourne	1990
date of birth	Colin Kirkus (19 June 1910-13 September 1942), was one of the most influential climbers Britain has ever produced.	Colin Kirkus	19 June 1910
date of birth	Simon Ghahary (born 12 May 1972) is an English born artist, brand architect and lifestyle engineer from the United Kingdom known primarily for his unconventional speaker designs.	Simon Ghahary	12 May 1972
date of birth	Chris Connolly (born 25 March 1963) is a former Australian rules football player, coach and administrator, most notable for his six years as senior coach of the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Chris Connolly	25 March 1963
date of birth	Jamie N Commons (born 22 October 1988 in Bristol, England) is a British blues rock and folk musician based in New Cross, London.	Jamie N Commons	22 October 1988
date of birth	Georges Hamel (20 January 1948 -- 26 February 2014) was a Canadian country music singer and songwriter from Quebec.	Georges Hamel	20 January 1948
date of birth	Andrija Prlainović (Serbian Cyrillic: Андрија Прлаиновић; born 28 April 1987) is a Serbian water polo player.	Andrija Prlainović	28 April 1987
date of birth	John Knewstub (or Knewstubs) (1544--1624) was an English clergyman, one of the participants in the Hampton Court Conference of 1604 representing the Puritan side.	John Knewstub	1544
date of birth	Delores Ann Kildare (1934--2005) was an American poet known by the pen name D. Kildare.	D. Kildare	1934
date of birth	Antonia Juhasz (born 1970) is an American oil and energy analyst, author, journalist and activist.	Antonia Juhasz	1970
date of birth	Mark Fry (born 4 November 1952) is an English painter and psychedelic folk musician.	Mark Fry	4 November 1952
date of birth	Admir Haznadar (born 25 July 1985) is a Bosnian-Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for K.V. Turnhout in Belgium.	Admir Haznadar	25 July 1985
date of birth	Arthur Lett-Haines (1894 -- February 25, 1978), known as Lett Haines, was a British painter and sculptor who experimented in many different media, though he generally characterised himself as ``an English surrealist''.	Arthur Lett-Haines	1894
date of birth	Rabbi Arnold Josiah Ford (23 April 1877 -- 16 September 1935) was the first black rabbi in America, and a prominent member of Harlem's Black Jews community.	Arnold Josiah Ford	23 April 1877
date of birth	Aris Xevghenis (Greek: Αρης Ξευγένης; born 12 May 1981) is a Greek footballer who plays for Nafpaktiakos Asteras.	Aris Xevghenis	12 May 1981
date of birth	Leo Lerinc (Serbian Cyrillic: Лeo Лepинц;Hungarian: Leo Lőrincz) (born 30 December 1975) is a retired Serbian football player of Hungarian descent.	Leo Lerinc	30 December 1975
date of birth	Dvora Bochman (Hebrew: דבורה בוצ'מן‎) (born 1950) is an Israeli artist, painter, sculptor, graphic designer and art educator.	Dvora Bochman	1950
date of birth	Idriss Ngari (born 2 April 1946) is a Gabonese politician and army general.	Idriss Ngari	2 April 1946
date of birth	Umberto Bindi (12 May 1932 - 24 May 2002) was an Italian singer-songwriter.	Umberto Bindi	12 May 1932
date of birth	Leul Ras (Prince) Aserate Kasa (also Aserate Kassa, Asrate Kassa and Aserate-Medhin Kassa) GCVO (30 April 1922 -- 23 November 1974) was an army commander and a member of the nobility of the Ethiopian Empire.	Asrate Kassa	30 April 1922
date of birth	Willoughby Bertie, 4th Earl of Abingdon (16 January 1740 -- 26 September 1799) was an English peer and music patron.	Willoughby Bertie, 4th Earl of Abingdon	16 January 1740
date of birth	Patrick French (born 1966) is a British writer and historian, based in London and Delhi.	Patrick French	1966
date of birth	Diana Page (born 1965) is a painter, performance and installation artist originally from South Africa but currently residing in Istanbul, Turkey.	Diana Page	1965
date of birth	Ju Wen-bin (Chinese: 朱文彬, born on 5 July 1969) is a Taiwanese football player and manager.	Ju Wen-bin	5 July 1969
date of birth	Lode Van Den Bergh (born 18 June 1920), pseudonym Aster Berkhof and Piet Visser, is a Belgian writer.	Lode Van Den Bergh	18 June 1920
date of birth	Russell Haswell (born 1970, Coventry) is a multidisciplinary artist.	Russell Haswell	1970
date of birth	Katja Demut (born 21 December 1983) is a German track and field athlete who specialises in the triple jump.	Katja Demut	21 December 1983
date of birth	Dr. Christopher B. Anderson (born 31 December 1976 in North Carolina) is an ecologist working in southern Patagonia's Tierra del Fuego Archipelago, shared between Chile and Argentina.	Christopher B. Anderson	31 December 1976
date of birth	Rachel Ter Horst (born 20 March 1973, in Enschede, Netherlands) is a Dutch glamour model.	Rachel Ter Horst	20 March 1973
date of birth	Julius Koch (1872 -- March 30, 1902), also known as Le Geant Constantin, was one of seventeen people in medical history who have surpassed eight feet in height.	Julius Koch	1872
date of birth	Vice Admiral Sir Fabian Malbon, KBE (born 1 October 1946) was the Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey from 2005--2011.	Fabian Malbon	1946
date of birth	Pablopavo (born 30 March 1978 as Paweł Sołtys) is a Polish reggae and raggamuffin vocalist, songwriter, and radio DJ. He has a radio show on Roxy FM called Tramwaj z Pragi.	Pablopavo	30 March 1978
date of birth	Francesco Camaldo (24 October 1952) is an Italian priest of the Catholic Church, and is currently the assistant of Circolo San Pietro.	Francesco Camaldo	24 October 1952
date of birth	Ramon Vega (born 14 June 1971) is a Swiss retired footballer of Spanish descent who played as a central defender.	Ramon Vega	14 June 1971
date of birth	Eran Biton (Hebrew: ערן ביטון‎; born 16 January 1996) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a Central Midfielder.	Eran Biton	16 January 1996
date of birth	Benjamin Abeles (born 1925) is a physicist whose research in the 1960s in the USA on germanium-silicon alloys led to the technology used to power space probes such as the Voyager spacecraft.	Benjamin Abeles	1925
date of birth	Sandy Casar (born 2 February 1979) is a French former professional racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2000 and 2013, all for the Française des Jeux team.	Sandy Casar	2 February 1979
date of birth	Gary Imlach (born 1960, West Bridgford) is a British author, journalist and broadcaster, specialising in sport.	Gary Imlach	1960
date of birth	Belinda Dever (born 6 July 1977) is an Australian retired netball player, formerly playing for the Queensland Firebirds in the Commonwealth Bank Trophy.	Belinda Dever	6 July 1977
date of birth	Harry Fare (1 May 1896 -- 12 August 1963) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Wigan Borough and Bury.	Harry Fare	1 May 1896
date of birth	Kate Fischer, aka Katie Fischer (born 30 November 1973), is an Australian model and actress.	Kate Fischer	30 November 1973
date of birth	Sir John Voce Moore (1826--1904) was an English businessman and Lord Mayor of London.	John Voce Moore	1826
date of birth	Ênio Santos de Oliveira or simply Ênio (born 11 March 1985) is a Brazilian central defender.	Ênio	11 March 1985
date of birth	Maccus mac Arailt (died 984 - 987?) or Maccus Haraldsson was a Scandinavian or Norse-Gael king.	Maccus mac Arailt	984
date of birth	Mark Warburton (born 6 September 1962) is an English professional football manager, who is the current manager of Scottish Championship club Rangers.	Mark Warburton	6 September 1962
date of birth	Göran Gentele (29 September 1917 -- 18 July 1972) was a Swedish actor, director, and opera manager.	Göran Gentele	29 September 1917
date of birth	Dr Marko Atlagić (born 1949) is a Serbian historian and politician, originally from Croatia.	Marko Atlagić	1949
date of birth	Paul F. Markham (born c. 1931) is an American attorney who served as the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1966 to 1969.	Paul F. Markham	1931
date of birth	Feng Zhengjie (born 1968 in Sichuan Province, China) is an artist based in Beijing and Jeju Island of South Korea.	Feng Zhengjie	1968
date of birth	Michael Lowenstern (b. Chicago, Illinois, United States, 1968) in the Hyde Park neighborhood, is an American bass clarinetist and composer specializing in new music.	Michael Lowenstern	1968
date of birth	Edzard Ernst (born 30 January 1948) is an academic physician and researcher specializing in the study of complementary and alternative medicine.	Edzard Ernst	30 January 1948
date of birth	Alyona Andruk (Ukrainian: Альона Андрук; born 11 June 1987) is a Ukrainian road bicycle racer.	Alyona Andruk	11 June 1987
date of birth	Wang Bao'an (Chinese: 王保安; pinyin: Wáng Băo'ān; born December 1963) is a former Chinese politician.	Wang Bao'an	December 1963
date of birth	Chris Walas (born 1955) is an American special effects/make-up artist and film director.	Chris Walas	1955
date of birth	Archibald Stewart (30 December 1867 -- 29 May 1925) was an Australian trade unionist and ALP official.	Archibald Stewart	30 December 1867
date of birth	Nils Christian Egede Hertzberg (26 October 1827 -- 8 July 1911) was the Norwegian theologian, educator and politician.	Nils Christian Egede Hertzberg	26 October 1827
date of birth	Árón Smith (born 9 November 1989) is an Irish racing driver currently racing in the British Touring Car Championship.	Árón Smith	9 November 1989
date of birth	Corrado Lorefice (born 12 October 1962) is an Italian priest and the Archbishop of Palermo since 5 December 2015.	Corrado Lorefice	12 October 1962
date of birth	Anne-Marie Minhall (born 25 June 1965) is an English radio presenter who works for Classic fm, which is one of the United Kingdom's three Independent National Radio stations, broadcasting classical music in a popular and accessible style.	Anne-Marie Minhall	1965
date of birth	John K. Beatty (born c. 1821), Irish uillean piper.	John K. Beatty	1821
date of birth	Milan Balažic (born 19 October 1958) is a Slovenian political theorist, politician and diplomat.	Milan Balažic	19 October 1958
date of birth	Yankho Kamwendo (born 1 November 1978) is a Swedish TV personality and actor.	Yankho Kamwendo	1 November 1978
date of birth	Edmundo Murray (b. 1955 in Buenos Aires), is a writer, born in a family with Argentine, Colombian, Irish and Swiss origins.	Edmundo Murray	1955
date of birth	Jim Unger (21 January 1937 -- 26 May 2012) was a British Canadian cartoonist, best known for his syndicated comic strip Herman which ran for 18 years in 600 newspapers in 25 countries.	Jim Unger	21 January 1937
date of birth	Nancy Bayley (28 September 1899 - 25 Novemeber 1994) was an American psychologist best known for her work on the Berkeley Growth Study and the subsequent Bayley Scales of Infant Development.	Nancy Bayley	28 September 1899
date of birth	Frank Stronach, CM (born Franz Strohsack; 6 September 1932) is an Austrian and Canadian businessman and politician.	Frank Stronach	1932
date of birth	Obafemi Lasode (born December 1955) is a Nigerian veteran film actor, songwriter,playwright, film producer and director.	Obafemi Lasode	December 1955
date of birth	Devarshi Kala Nath Shastry, (b. 15 July 1936 at Jaipur, Rajasthan, India) is a Sanskrit scholar honoured by the President of India (1998).	Kala Nath Shastry	15 July 1936
date of birth	Sir Henry Williams, 2nd Baronet (c. 1635 -- February 1666) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1661.	Sir Henry Williams, 2nd Baronet	1635
date of birth	John Belisario (1820-1900) was an Australian dental surgeon who was a pioneer in the use of anaesthesia in dentistry.	John Belisario	1820
date of birth	Irving Milfred Mole, better known as Miff Mole (11 March 1898 -- 29 April 1961) was a jazz trombonist and band leader.	Miff Mole	11 March 1898
date of birth	Jaume Morales Moltó (Altea 21 June 1973), sporting nickname Tato, is a Valencian pilota professional player in the ValNet company team.	Jaume Morales Moltó	21 June 1973
date of birth	Nicos Panayotopoulos (born 1963) is a Greek journalist, screenwriter and novelist.	Nicos Panayotopoulos	1963
date of birth	Geoff Leigh (born 5 October 1945) is an English jazz and progressive rock musician, playing primarily soprano sax and flute.	Geoff Leigh	5 October 1945
date of birth	Graeme Hawley (born 28 November 1973) is an English actor known for his role as John Stape in the British soap Coronation Street.	Graeme Hawley	28 November 1973
date of birth	Cai Mingzhao (Chinese: 蔡名照; born June 1955) is a Chinese journalist and politician.	Cai Mingzhao	1955
date of birth	Philipp Bonadimann (born 24 July 1980) is an Austrian alpine skier who won competed in two Winter Paralympics winning three medals in sitting events.	Philipp Bonadimann	24 July 1980
date of birth	Alexander Arkadyevich Migdal (Russian: Александр Арка́дьевич Мигдал; born 22 July 1945) is a Russian --	Alexander Arkadyevich Migdal	22 July 1945
date of birth	Mujandjae Kasuto (born 25 November 1985) is a Namibian amateur boxer who has competed twice at the Olympics.	Mujandjae Kasuto	25 November 1985
date of birth	Luka Grubor (born 27 December 1973) is a retired rower, born in Zagreb, who competed internationally for Yugoslavia, Croatia and Great Britain, as well as for Oxford in the 1997 Boat Race.	Luka Grubor	27 December 1973
date of birth	Ebba Bielke (1570-1618), was a Swedish baroness judged for high treason.	Ebba Bielke	1570
date of birth	Bruno Toledo (born 23 November 1973) is a Spanish retired long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.	Bruno Toledo	23 November 1973
date of birth	Jan Moretus, also Johann Moerentorf or Joannes Moretus, (2 May 1543 -- 22 September 1610) was a Flemish printer.	Jan Moretus	2 May 1543
date of birth	Sarah Hedley (born Newcastle 1973) is a British author and journalist specialising in women's consumer publishing.	Sarah Hedley	1973
date of birth	Mateus Alonso Honorio, simply known as Mateus (born 16 June 1983), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Iranian club Esteghlal.	Mateus Alonso Honorio	16 June 1983
date of birth	Andres Marin (born 22 April 1983) is a competitive ice climber.	Andres Marin	22 April 1983
date of birth	Sayuri Osuga (Japanese: 大菅小百合, born 27 October 1980) is a Japanese speed skater and cyclist.	Sayuri Osuga	27 October 1980
date of birth	Frank Haydock (born 29 November 1940) is an English former footballer who played at centre-half for several clubs, including Manchester United, Charlton Athletic and Portsmouth.	Frank Haydock	29 November 1940
date of birth	Lajos Pálmai (1866--1937) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Justice in the Counter-revolutionary Government of Arad during the Hungarian Soviet Republic.	Lajos Pálmai	1866
date of birth	Hubert Klausner (1 November 1892 -- 12 February 1939) was an Austrian officer and Nazi politician.	Hubert Klausner	1892
date of birth	Kanwal Bharti (born 4 February 1953) is an Indian Dalit writer and columnist.	Kanwal Bharti	4 February 1953
date of birth	Peter Storrie (born 7 November 1952) is the Executive Vice-Chairman of A-League club Central Coast Mariners.	Peter Storrie	7 November 1952
date of birth	Aparecido Donizetti de Souza known as Donizetti or Doni (born 10 June 1973) is a Brazilian footballer.	Aparecido Donizetti	10 June 1973
date of birth	Corrado Giannantoni (born 1950) is an Italian nuclear scientist.	Corrado Giannantoni	1950
date of birth	Kim Wan-seop (born 1963) is a South Korean writer, novelist, journalist, and educator.	Kim Wan-seop	1963
date of birth	Jerry Woodall (born 1938) is an American inventor and scientist best known for his invention of the first commercially viable heterojunction material GaAlAs for red LEDs used in automobile brake lights and traffic lights, CD and DVD players, TV remote controls and computer networks.	Jerry Woodall	1938
date of birth	Philip Packer FRS (24 June 1618 Groombridge, Kent - 24 December 1686) was a British barrister and architect.	Philip Packer	24 June 1618
date of birth	Ram Sewak Sharma (born 1955) is an Indian bureaucrat.	Ram Sewak Sharma	1955
date of birth	Juan Miguel López (born 7 April 1967) is a Cuban former track and field athlete who specialised in the triple jump.	Juan Miguel López	7 April 1967
date of birth	Chris Korwin-Kuczynski (born 1953) is a former Canadian municipal politician.	Chris Korwin-Kuczynski	1953
date of birth	Mark Timlin (born 15 June 1944, in Cheltenham) is a British author best known for his series of novels featuring Nick Sharman, a former Metropolitan Police officer who takes up the profession of private investigator in South London.	Mark Timlin	15 June 1944
date of birth	Anthony Philip David Terry Frank Donald Stanley Gerry Gordon Stephen James Oatway (born 28 November 1973), more commonly known as Charlie Oatway, is an English former footballer.	Charlie Oatway	28 November 1973
date of birth	Dean Bent (born January 1971), better known as Sweetie Irie, is a British reggae singer and DJ.	Sweetie Irie	1971
date of birth	Stig Kleven (born 12 January 1967) is a Norwegian sport wrestler.	Stig Kleven	12 January 1967
date of birth	Kathleen Stewart (born 1958 Sydney) is an Australian writer.	Kathleen Stewart	1958
date of birth	Gabriel Medina Pinto Ferreira (born 22 December 1993) is a Brazilian professional surfer, also the 2014 WSL World Champion.	Gabriel Medina	22 December 1993
date of birth	Pietro Redondi (born 1950) is an Italian historian of science, known for his work on Galileo Galilei.	Pietro Redondi	1950
date of birth	Neville Gorton (1 March 1888 -- 30 November 1955) was the 4th bishop of the restored see of Coventry in the modern era.	Neville Gorton	1 March 1888
date of birth	Alice Nzomukunda (born 12 April 1966) is a Burundian politician and former Second Vice-President of the country, from 29 August 2005 to 5 September 2006.	Alice Nzomukunda	12 April 1966
date of birth	David Purviance, November 14, 1766 --	David Purviance	1766
date of birth	Maharshi Mehi was born on 28 April 1885 in a small village of Bihar, Majhua (Khoskhsi Sharanpur), India.	Mehi	28 April 1885
date of birth	William Axton Stokes (1814--1877) was a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, attorney who contributed notes and references to an American edition of Mathew Hale's (1609--1676) Historia placitorum coronae (History of the pleas of the crown) published by R. H. Small of Philadelphia in 1847.	William Axton Stokes	1814
date of birth	Ion Vasile Oană (born 23 July 1972 in Târgu Lăpuş) is a Romanian retired football player, who played as a striker.	Vasile Oană	23 July 1972
date of birth	Felix Kiernan (born 18 April 1929) was a Scottish footballer who played for Albion Rovers, Dumbarton and Stenhousemuir.	Felix Kiernan	18 April 1929
date of birth	Sarita Joshi (née Bhosle) (born 17 October 1941) is an Indian stage, television and film actress, and is a veteran actress of Gujarati theatre and Marathi theatre and also Marathi cinema.	Sarita Joshi	17 October 1941
date of birth	Cheng Siu Wai (Chinese: 鄭少偉; Jyutping: zeng6 siu3 wai5, born 27 December 1981, Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League club Eastern Salon.	Cheng Siu Wai	27 December 1981
date of birth	Alma Rosé (3 November 1906 -- 5 April 1944) was an Austrian violinist of Jewish descent.	Alma Rosé	3 November 1906
date of birth	J. Peter Kincaid (born 1942) is a scientist and educator who is the founding director of the Modeling and Simulation Ph.D. program at the University of Central Florida.	J. Peter Kincaid	1942
date of birth	Daniel Barone (21 August 1965, Buenos Aires - ) is an Argentine film and television director.	Daniel Barone	21 August 1965
date of birth	Adesola Nunayon Amosu CFR (born 1 August 1958) is a Nigerian Air Force, Air vice-marshal and the 19th Chief of Air Staff, CAS.	Adesola Nunayon Amosu	1 August 1958
date of birth	Seth Wilson (1914 -- December 11, 2006) was one of the founding faculty of Ozark Christian College in Joplin, Missouri.	Seth Wilson	1914
date of birth	Moreno Suprapto or Moreno Soeprapto (born 14 November 1982 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian racing driver.	Moreno Suprapto	14 November 1982
date of birth	Mourad Souissi (born 7 July 1984) is an Algerian athlete who competes in the decathlon and occasionally in the pole vault.	Mourad Souissi	7 July 1984
date of birth	Steven Jeppesen (born 22 April 1984) is a Danish-born Swedish professional golfer.	Steven Jeppesen	22 April 1984
date of birth	Hugh C. Barr (1878--1960), of New York City, was a stamp dealer and auctioneer who started out in the stamp business in 1900.	Hugh C. Barr	1878
date of birth	Hy Heath (1890 - 1965) was an American entertainer, songwriter, composer and author.	Hy Heath	1890
date of birth	Sunita Rani (born 4 December 1979) is an Indian athlete who won a gold medal in the 1500 m and a bronze medal in the 5000 m during the 14th Asian Games.	Sunita Rani	4 December 1979
date of birth	Svavar Gestsson (born 26 June 1944) is an Icelandic politician and former minister for social affairs (from February 1980 to May 1983), Minister for Culture and Education (1988-1991), Member of Parliament (1978-1999), and Ambassador (1999 - 2009).	Svavar Gestsson	26 June 1944
date of birth	Hugh Francis Brophy (1829 - June 11, 1919) was a leading Fenian and staunch supporter of Irish independence.	Hugh Francis Brophy	1829
date of birth	Zuo Fen (Chinese: 左芬; c. 255--300) was a Chinese woman poet of the Western Jin dynasty.	Zuo Fen	255
date of birth	Tierney Thys (born 1966) is an American marine biologist, science educator, and National Geographic explorer.	Tierney Thys	1966
date of birth	Meindert Dijkstra (born 28 February 1967) is a Dutch former footballer who played primarily at right back.	Meindert Dijkstra	28 February 1967
date of birth	Denis Alfred Peter Philp (10 November 1920 - 5 February 2006), was a Welsh dramatist and antiques expert, best known for his television series, Collectors' Club.	Peter Philp	10 November 1920
date of birth	Jason Burke (born 1970) is a British journalist and the author of several non-fiction books.	Jason Burke	1970
date of birth	Ismail Isakovich Isakov (born 11 June 1950) (Russian: Исаков Исмаил Исакович) is a Kyrgyzstan politician and Lieutenant General in the Kyrgyz military force.	Ismail Isakov	11 June 1950
date of birth	John Quine (1857--1940) was a Manx clergyman, scholar, novelist and playwright.	John Quine	1857
date of birth	Gilbert Austin (1753--1837) was an Irish educator, clergyman and author.	Gilbert Austin	1753
date of birth	Jeffrey Brotman (born 1943) is an American attorney and businessman.	Jeffrey Brotman	1943
date of birth	Caroline Dale (born 1965) is a widely recorded British cellist who has performed music for numerous films, including Truly, Madly, Deeply, Hilary and Jackie, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, as well as the 2005 adaptation of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice and 2007's Academy Award winner Atonement.	Caroline Dale	1965
date of birth	Andreas Almgren (born 12 June 1995) is a Swedish track and field middle-distance runner.	Andreas Almgren	12 June 1995
date of birth	Rabbi Dr. Harvey Belovski (born 18 January 1968), is a British orthodox rabbi, educator and organisational advisor.	Harvey Belovski	18 January 1968
date of birth	Captain Mary Becker Greene (1867 - April 22, 1949), was steamboat captain of the Greene Line of river steamboats.	Mary Becker Greene	1867
date of birth	Benoit Dunoyer de Segonzac (born 1962) is a virtuoso double bass player who performed with Jacques Loussier and Andre Arpino playing renditions by Johann Sebastian Bach / Eric Satie.	Benoit Dunoyer de Segonzac	1962
date of birth	Antoinette Nana Djimou Ida (born 2 August 1985) is a French heptathlete and pentathlete.	Antoinette Nana Djimou	2 August 1985
date of birth	Taira no Norimori (Japanese: 平教盛 たいら の のりもり) (1128 - 1185) was the younger half-brother of Taira no Kiyomori and father-in-law of Fujiwara no Naritsune.	Taira no Norimori	1128
date of birth	William E. Schaadt, better known as Bill Schaadt (1924--1995) was an artist, sign painter, collector and avid fly fisherman.	Bill Schaadt	1924
date of birth	Camelia (born 20 June 1974, as Dayang Noor Camelia Abang Khalid) is a Malaysian singer and model.	Camelia	20 June 1974
date of birth	Miloš Stojčev (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Стојчев; born 19 January 1987) is a Serbian-born footballer who plays for Atromitos.	Miloš Stojčev	19 January 1987
date of birth	Ahmad Wais Afzali (b. 1972 (age 42--43)) is an imam, formerly from Queens, New York.	Ahmad Wais Afzali	1972
date of birth	Susie Gharib, born in 1950, is an award-winning business news journalist.	Susie Gharib	1950
date of birth	Frédéric Sanchez (born 23 September 1966) is a French sound artist and music producer, best known for his career in the fashion industry.	Frédéric Sanchez	23 September 1966
date of birth	Mohammed Salem Saleh Al Saadi (Arabic: محمد سالم صالح الساعدي‎; born 28 October 1982), is an Emirati footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Al Ain FC.	Mohammed Salem Saleh	28 October 1982
date of birth	Jean Wills (1924 - ) is a model (person) who became Miss Southern California of 1948 and Mrs. Southern California of 1949.	Jean Wills	1924
date of birth	Hal Roth (1927 -- October 18, 2008) was an American sailor and author.	Hal Roth	1927
date of birth	Sunday Abalo (born 14 May 1995) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Rio Ave.	Sunday Abalo	14 May 1995
date of birth	Phoebe Washburn (born 1973) is an American installation artist who lives and works in New York.Washburn is best known for producing large-scale installations: assemblages of garbage, detritus, cardboard, scrap wood, and, more recently, organic matter such as sod or plants.	Phoebe Washburn	1973
date of birth	Frank Ullrich (born 24 January 1958) is a German former biathlete and current trainer of the German national team.	Frank Ullrich	24 January 1958
date of birth	Harish Chandra Mukherjee (Bengali: হরিশ্চন্দ্র মুখোপাধ্যায়) (1824 -- 1861), was an Indian journalist and patriot, who fought tooth and nail for the indigo cultivators (and against the indigo planters) and forced the government to bring about changes.	Harish Chandra Mukherjee	1824
date of birth	Agnes de Lima (1887--1974) was an American journalist and writer on education.	Agnes de Lima	1887
date of birth	Wyatt Mason (born 1969) is an American journalist, essayist, critic and translator.	Wyatt Mason	1969
date of birth	Zhu Yongxin (Chinese:朱永新; born August 1958) is the deputy secretary general of 12th of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, the vice chairman of China Association for Promoting Democracy,vice president of Chinese Society of Education (CSE).	Zhu Yongxin	1958
date of birth	Aboud El Khodary (27 November 1947) is an Egyptian former footballer who played most of his career for Al-Masry.	Aboud El Khodary	27 November 1947
date of birth	Ketil Gudim (born 6 November 1956) is a Norwegian dancer and actor.	Ketil Gudim	1956
date of birth	Marco Sansovini (born 17 June 1980) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Italian Serie B club Pescara.	Marco Sansovini	17 June 1980
date of birth	Roswell Gardinier Benedict (9 December 1815 -- 5 February 1859) was a civil engineer by profession and became involved in land development and the manufacturing of rolling stock for railways.	Roswell Gardinier Benedict	9 December 1815
date of birth	Pascale Schnider (born 18 October 1984 in Flühli) is a former Swiss road and track racing cyclist.	Pascale Schnider	18 October 1984
date of birth	Uri Alon (born 1969) is a Professor and Systems Biologist at the Weizmann Institute of Science.	Uri Alon	1969
date of birth	Paul Farbrace (born 7 July 1967) is a former English First-Class cricketer, and is currently England assistant cricket coach following Peter Moores's sacking.	Paul Farbrace	7 July 1967
date of birth	Rabbi Pinchas David Horowitz, (1876 -- November 28, 1941) was a Hasidic rebbe and the founder of the Boston Hasidic dynasty, one of the first Hasidic courts in America.	Pinchas David Horowitz	1876
date of birth	Mervyn Travers (born on 9 October 1985) is an Irish sportsperson who formly played Gaelic football for Wicklow Senior Football Championship club AGBFC and the Wicklow senior team since making his debut in 2007.In 2010 in a match vs Westmeath Mervyn ruptured his patellar and broke his knee cap.	Mervyn Travers	9 October 1985
date of birth	Orlando Hubbs (18 February 1840 - 5 December 1930) was a skilled carriage builder, ship's joiner and politician.	Orlando Hubbs	18 February 1840
date of birth	Jack Marsh (c. 1874 -- 25 May 1916) was an Australian first-class cricketer of Australian Aboriginal descent who represented New South Wales in six matches from 1900--01 to 1902--03.	Jack Marsh	1874
date of birth	Liam Cort (born in 1989) is a basketball player for the Milton Keynes Lions, an English basketball team.	Liam Cort	1989
date of birth	Richard Raine Barker (29 May 1869 -- 1 October 1940) was an English football player who played for England in 1895.	Richard Raine Barker	29 May 1869
date of birth	John A. Smolin (born 1967) is an American physicist and Fellow of the American Physical Society at IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center.	John A. Smolin	1967
date of birth	Regis Ghezelbash (born in 1951 in Tehran) is a Paris-based documentary creator, a feature film animator and live action director and producer.	Regis Ghezelbash	1951
date of birth	István Plattkó also known as Esteban Platko (1898 -- 1966) was a Hungarian football player and manager who coached Real Valladolid, Granada CF, CD Atlético Baleares and RCD Mallorca in Spain.	István Plattkó	1898
date of birth	Jacques de Bela (15 February 1586 -- 28 May 1667) was a French-basque lawyer and writer in basque language, born at Mauléon.	Jacques de Bela	15 February 1586
date of birth	Peter Jenni, (born 17 April 1948) is an experimental particle physicist working at CERN.	Peter Jenni	17 April 1948
date of birth	Vivekrao Vasanthrao Patil (born 1956) is an Indian politician, educationalist, author and an industrialist.	Vivekrao Vasanthrao Patil	1956
date of birth	Cecil Reginald Burch, FRS (12 May 1901 -- 19 July 1983) was a British physicist and engineer.	Cecil Reginald Burch	12 May 1901
date of birth	Christopher Fabian (krɪstəfər feıbıən) (@hichrisfabian on Twitter) (born April 18, 1980) is a technologist and innovator who co-leads UNICEF's Innovation Unit alongside Erica Kochi.	Christopher Fabian	1980
date of birth	Qin Yi (Chinese: 秦怡; Wade--Giles: Ch'in I; born 31 January 1922) is a Chinese film and drama actress.	Qin Yi	31 January 1922
date of birth	Stanisław Stadnicki (c. 1551, Nowy Żmigród or Dubiecko -- 1610, Tarnawiec), a Polish nobleman, Lord Starosta of Żygwulsko (Sigulda), a known troublemaker, called 'the Devil of Łańcut' (Polish: diabeł łańcucki) for his violent behaviour.	Stanisław Stadnicki	1551
date of birth	Claudia Reinhardt (born 1964) is a contemporary German photographer.	Claudia Reinhardt	1964
date of birth	Herman T. Schladermundt (1863--1937) was a notable American artist known for murals and stained glass.	Herman T. Schladermundt	1863
date of birth	Jordan Harrison (born 1977) is a playwright based in Brooklyn, New York.	Jordan Harrison	1977
date of birth	Michel Callon (born 1945) is a Professor of Sociology at the École des mines de Paris and member of the Centre de sociologie de l'innovation.	Michel Callon	1945
date of birth	Kay Gardner (born 1927), was a municipal politician in Toronto, Ontario.	Kay Gardner	1927
date of birth	Samet Hasan Yıldıran (born 19 September 1992) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Aksaray 1989 SK.	Samet Hasan Yıldıran	19 September 1992
date of birth	Amiram Levin (Hebrew: עמירם לוין‎; born 7 July 1946) is a retired Aluf (Major General, res.) who was commander of the IDF Northern Command.	Amiram Levin	7 July 1946
date of birth	Friedrich Jacobsohn (born 1894) was a German urologist and writer on sex.	Friedrich Jacobsohn	1894
date of birth	Kimberly Rivera (born c. 1982) is an Iraq war resister and former U.S. Army Private First Class who went AWOL in February 2007 after a year of service.	Kimberly Rivera	1982
date of birth	Frank E. Eulner (born 1963) is a sound editor who is also a member of Skywalker Sound.	Frank E. Eulner	1963
date of birth	Lucas Jakubczyk (born 28 April 1985) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint and long jump with a personal best time of 10.07 seconds at the 100 metres event.	Lucas Jakubczyk	28 April 1985
date of birth	Timothy Ray Brown (born 1966) is an American considered to be the first person cured of HIV/AIDS.	Timothy Ray Brown	1966
date of birth	Katica Ivanišević (born 11 January 1935 in Omišalj) is a retired Croatian university professor and politician.	Katica Ivanišević	11 January 1935
date of birth	Maroš Kolpak (born 23 March 1971 in Prešov, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak handball goalkeeper and coach.	Maroš Kolpak	23 March 1971
date of birth	Jane Wattenberg (born 1949) is an American author, photographer, and illustrator of books for children.	Jane Wattenberg	1949
date of birth	Joris Oprins (born 1980, Tilburg) is an Academy Award nominated animation director.	Joris Oprins	1980
date of birth	Chris Nickson (born 1954) is a British novelist, music journalist, and biographer.	Chris Nickson	1954
date of birth	Anagnostis Striftombolas (Greek: Αναγνώστης Στριφτόμπολας, 1778--1821) was a Greek revolutionary leader.	Anagnostis Striftombolas	1778
date of birth	Norman Hitchcock (born circa 1929 in Oklahoma -- died August 28, 2006 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) was an American Pool player.	Norman Hitchcock	1929
date of birth	Liam Burns (born 30 October 1978) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who played as a centre-back.	Liam Burns	30 October 1978
date of birth	Alberto Ibargüen (born February 29, 1944) is President and CEO of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation in Miami, Florida.	Alberto Ibargüen	1944
date of birth	Halima Begum (Bengali: হালিনা বেগম; born 18 October 1975) is a British civil servant, international development professional and Director Education of East Asia at the British Council.	Halima Begum	18 October 1975
date of birth	Richard A. Lanham (born 1936) is probably most widely known for his textbooks on revising prose to improve style and clarify thought.	Richard A. Lanham	1936
date of birth	Zhang Baixi (simplified Chinese: 张百熙; traditional Chinese: 張百熙; pinyin: Zhāng Bǎixī; Courtesy Yěqiū (埜秋); Posthumous name: Wéndá (文達)) (1847 -- March 30, 1907) was a Chinese government official during the late Qing Dynasty who is known for initializing the education reform.	Zhang Baixi	1847
date of birth	Nikos Pourtoulidis (Greek: Νίκος Πορτουλίδης; born 7 October 1983) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League.	Nikos Pourtoulidis	7 October 1983
date of birth	Tacumwah (c. 1720 -- c. 1790), alternate spelling ``Taucumwah'', aka Marie-Louise Pacanne Richerville (Richardville), was a businesswoman and prominent chieftess of the Miami tribe.	Tacumwah	1720
date of birth	Azotti was born in Kiev, Ukraine, on 23 February 1985, and grew up in Litky (a small village on the outskirts of Kiev).	Azotti	23 February 1985
date of birth	Jérémie Galland (born 8 April 1983) is a French former professional road cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2007 and 2013.	Jérémie Galland	8 April 1983
date of birth	Charles Richard Crane (1858--1939) was a wealthy American businessman, heir to a large industrial fortune and connoisseur of Arab culture, a noted Arabist.	Charles Richard Crane	1858
date of birth	Mauro Di Francesco (born 17 May 1951) is an Italian actor, comedian and television personality.	Mauro Di Francesco	17 May 1951
date of birth	Moustafá Moustafá (Greek: Μουσταφά Μουσταφά; born 1955) is a Greek politician of Turkish descent.	Moustafá Moustafá	1955
date of birth	Dawn Olivieri (born on 8 February 1981) is an American actress, model and voice actress who has appeared in a number of television shows and feature films.	Dawn Olivieri	8 February 1981
date of birth	Constantinos Decavallas (born 1925 Athens) is a Greek modernist architect.	Constantinos Decavallas	1925
date of birth	Charles Clinton (1690 -- 19 November 1773) was an Anglo-Irish soldier in colonial America.	Charles Clinton	1690
date of birth	Noralma Vera Arrata (born 28 August 1936) is a former Ecuadorian prima ballerina and choreographer.	Noralma Vera Arrata	28 August 1936
date of birth	Govind Das Richharia (born 26 February 1920) was a leader of Indian National Congress.	Govind Das Richharia	26 February 1920
date of birth	Roman Bugaj (born 9 August 1973) is a Polish heavyweight boxer.	Roman Bugaj	9 August 1973
date of birth	Karin Astrid Maria Hjulström (born 31 August 1963), better known as Carin Hjulström, is a Swedish television presenter, journalist and author.	Carin Hjulström	31 August 1963
date of birth	Karen Farley (born 2 September 1970) is a former English women's international footballer.	Karen Farley	2 September 1970
date of birth	David Zwilling (born 24 August 1949) is an Austrian former alpine skier and world champion.	David Zwilling	24 August 1949
date of birth	Barry Goldin (born 24 July 1978) is a BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars racing driver from Bolton, Greater Manchester who races under number 401.	Barry Goldin	24 July 1978
date of birth	Paul Ghalioungui or Ghalioungi (1908--1987) (Arabic: بول غليونجي‎), MD (Cairo), MRCP (Lond), Professor of Medicine and former Chairman of Internal Medicine department, Ain Shams University Faculty of Medicine.	Paul Ghalioungui	1908
date of birth	Basanta Regmi (first name also spelled as Basant) (Nepali: वसन्त रेग्मी) (born 6 April 1986) is a Nepalese cricketer.	Basanta Regmi	6 April 1986
date of birth	Arno Funke (born 14 March 1950), alias Dagobert, is a reformed German extortionist, now an author.	Arno Funke	14 March 1950
date of birth	Sajad Abarghouei Nejad (born on 17 September 1987) in Isfahan is a footballer.	Sajad Abarghouei Nejad	17 September 1987
date of birth	Fiona Thornewill (born 10 July 1966) is an English explorer who reached the South Pole solo and unaided in a record 42 days in 2004, walking and skiing over 700 miles in the process.	Fiona Thornewill	10 July 1966
date of birth	John Schoonraad (born 2 October 1952) is a life-cast and special effects artist and has more than 2000 lifecasts under his belt throughout his 30 year career.	John Schoonraad	2 October 1952
date of birth	Amos Tutuola (20 June 1920 -- 8 June 1997) was a Nigerian writer famous for his books based in part on Yoruba folk-tales.	Amos Tutuola	20 June 1920
date of birth	Kayne Tremills (born 23 January 1987) is an Australian television presenter best known for his role as a host on Australian children's television programme Studio 3, which is broadcast on ABC3.	Kayne Tremills	23 January 1987
date of birth	Lula Galvão (born Luiz Guilherme Farias Galvão in 1962 in Brasilia) is a Brazilian guitarist.	Lula Galvão	1962
date of birth	Neville Gruzman, AM (1925 -- 1 May 2005) was an Australian architect, mayor of Woollahra, writer and architectural activist.	Neville Gruzman	1925
date of birth	John Walter Guerrier Lund CBE FRS (27 November 1912 - March 21, 2015) was an English phycologist.	John Walter Guerrier Lund	27 November 1912
date of birth	Jargalsaikhany Enkhbayar (Mongolian: Жаргалсайханы Энхбаяр; born 31 July 1977) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Jargalsaikhany Enkhbayar	31 July 1977
date of birth	Judy Dan (Chinese: 但茱迪) (born 1931) is a Chinese-American actress.	Judy Dan	1931
date of birth	The eldest son of William Munk, an ironmonger, and his wife Jane Kenward, he was born on 24 September 1816 at Battle, Sussex, and after education at University College, London, graduated M.D. at the University of Leiden in 1837.	William Munk	24 September 1816
date of birth	Friedrich von Hausen (Middle High German: Friderich von Hûsen) was a mediaeval German poet, one of the earliest of the Minnesingers; born some time between 1150--60; d. 6 May 1190.	Friedrich von Hausen	1150
date of birth	Christopher John Millar (born 30 July 1955), known by his stage name Rat Scabies, is a musician best known for his tenure as the drummer for The Damned.	Rat Scabies	30 July 1955
date of birth	Norman Burtenshaw (born February 1926) is an English former football referee, who officiated in the English Football League and was also on the FIFA list.	Norman Burtenshaw	February 1926
date of birth	Sergio María Ginés Jesús Hernández y Martinez (born 1 July 1959), known by his supporters as Gregory XVIII, is the current pope of the Palmarian Catholic Church.	Ginés Jesús Hernández	1 July 1959
date of birth	Henk Nijhof (born 8 April 1952) is a Dutch politician and former educator.	Henk Nijhof	8 April 1952
date of birth	Alison Stephens (1 March 1970 -- 10 October 2010) was an English classical mandolin player and film musician.	Alison Stephens	1 March 1970
date of birth	Liu Qibao (Chinese: 刘奇葆; pinyin: Liú Qíbǎo; born January 1953) is a Chinese politician.	Liu Qibao	January 1953
date of birth	Alois Heldmann's native town was Grevenbrück, 100km eastern from Cologne, where he was born on 2 December 1895.	Alois Heldmann	2 December 1895
date of birth	Lidija Liepiņa (Latvian pronunciation: (ˈli.di.ja ˈli͡ɛ.pi.ɲa), Russian: Лидия Карловна Лепинь; 4 April 1891 -- 4 September 1985) was a Latvian chemist, and one of the first women to receive a doctorate in chemistry in Russia.	Lidija Liepiņa	4 April 1891
date of birth	Fr. Ivan Payne (born August 1943) is an Irish Roman Catholic priest and convicted child molester.	Ivan Payne	1943
date of birth	Krisztián Lovassy (Budapest, born 23 June 1988. --) is a Hungarian road bicycle racer.	Krisztián Lovassy	23 June 1988
date of birth	Sigrid Lorenzen Rupp (1943 -- May 27, 2004) was a German-American architect.	Sigrid Lorenzen Rupp	1943
date of birth	Kane Brigg (born 14 January 1988) is a retired Australian high jumper and triple jumper.	Kane Brigg	14 January 1988
date of birth	Iarfhlaith Davoren (born 12 May 1986) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a left back or left winger for Tulsa Roughnecks FC in the USL.	Iarfhlaith Davoren	12 May 1986
date of birth	Peter Van Hooke (born 6 April 1950) is a British rock drummer who was the drummer for the English band Mike + The Mechanics (from 1985 to 1995) and also drummed for Van Morrison's band, Headstone, and Ezio.	Peter Van Hooke	6 April 1950
date of birth	Master E. S. (c. 1420 -- c. 1468; previously known as the Master of 1466) is an unidentified German engraver, goldsmith, and printmaker of the late Gothic period.	Master E. S.	1420
date of birth	Philippe de Gaspé Beaubien, OC (born 1928), is a Canadian media proprietor, who was chairman and CEO of Telemedia.	Philippe de Gaspé Beaubien	1928
date of birth	Jochem Jacobs (born 26 March 1977) is a Dutch guitarist, producer and recording engineer, noted for his work as founder, guitarist and producer for Textures.	Jochem Jacobs	26 March 1977
date of birth	Khalid Adem (born 1975) is an Ethiopian American who was both the first person prosecuted and first person convicted for female genital mutilation (FGM) in the United States, stemming from charges that he had personally excised his 2-year-old daughter's clitoris with a pair of scissors.	Khalid Adem	1975
date of birth	William Christopher Friley, known as W. C. Friley (July 12, 1845 -- April 11, 1911), was a Southern Baptist clergyman and college president.	W. C. Friley	1845
date of birth	Max Jeffers (14 November 1929 -- 29 January 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Max Jeffers	14 November 1929
date of birth	Stephen Yenser (born 1941 Wichita, Kansas) is an American poet and literary critic who has published two acclaimed volumes of verse, as well as books on James Merrill, Robert Lowell, and an assortment of contemporary poets.	Stephen Yenser	1941
date of birth	Paulo Carcasci (Sao Paulo, 7 January 1964) is a former Brazilian racing driver.	Paulo Carcasci	7 January 1964
date of birth	Pierre Moukoko Mbonjo (born 25 July 1954) is a Cameroonian politician who served in the government of Cameroon as Minister for External Relations from 2011 to 2015.	Pierre Moukoko Mbonjo	25 July 1954
date of birth	Susan Christine O'Meara Getzendanner (born 1939) is a former United States federal judge, and in 2013 was listed as a NAFTA adjudicator.	Susan Christine O'Meara Getzendanner	1939
date of birth	Richard Dumbrill (born 19 November 1938 in Wandsworth, England) is a former South African cricketer who played in five Tests from 1965 to 1966.	Richard Dumbrill	19 November 1938
date of birth	Frederick William Nolan (born 7 March 1931 in Liverpool) is an English editor and writer, mostly known as Frederick Nolan; he also uses the pen names Donald Severn, Daniel Rockfern, Christine McGuire, and Frederick H. Christian.	Frederick Nolan	7 March 1931
date of birth	Paul Sharry (born 14 January 1989) is a Westmeath Gaelic footballer.	Paul Sharry	14 January 1989
date of birth	Arthur Conlin (1883--1947) was a pioneer Australian rugby league footballer of the early 20th century.	Arthur Conlin	1883
date of birth	Maurice Nicoll (19 July 1884 -- 30 August 1953) was a British psychiatrist, author and noted Fourth Way teacher.	Maurice Nicoll	19 July 1884
date of birth	Bruce Odland (born 1952 in Milwaukee) is a composer and sound artist known for public space sound installations.	Bruce Odland	1952
date of birth	Jan Jiraský (born 1973 Vysoké Mýto) is a Czech pianist and pedagogue.	Jan Jiraský	1973
date of birth	Gino Peruzzi Lucchetti (Spanish pronunciation: (peˈruθi), locally: (peˈrusi); born 9 June 1992) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a right back for Boca Juniors in the Argentine First Division.	Gino Peruzzi	9 June 1992
date of birth	Majida El Roumi Baradhy (Arabic: ماجدة الرومي برادعي‎; born 13 December 1956) is a Lebanese soprano.	Majida El Roumi	13 December 1956
date of birth	Howard Merrill Shelley (1879-1956) was known primarily as a Philadelphia theater and opera personality.	Howard Merrill Shelley	1879
date of birth	Spencer Fearon (born 20 December 1973, London, England) is a boxing promoter and media personality.	Spencer Fearon	20 December 1973
date of birth	Antonio Franja (born 8 June 1978) is a retired Croatian professional footballer who played as a left winger.	Antonio Franja	8 June 1978
date of birth	Nathaniel Foote (21 September 1592 -- 20 November 1644), was an early English immigrant to Connecticut who was born in Colchester, England.	Nathaniel Foote	21 September 1592
date of birth	Gao Guangbin (Chinese: 高广滨; born May 1963) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2015 as the Executive Vice Governor of Jilin and a member of the Jilin provincial Party Standing Committee.	Gao Guangbin	May 1963
date of birth	Hermann Berthelsen (born 2 March 1956) is a Greenlandic politician and affiliated with the Siumut party.	Hermann Berthelsen	2 March 1956
date of birth	Nathaniel Lardner (6 June 1684 -- 24 July 1768) was an English theologian.	Nathaniel Lardner	6 June 1684
date of birth	Vygantas Čekaitis (28 March 1961 - 22 June 2008) was a Lithuanian sprint canoer.	Vygantas Čekaitis	28 March 1961
date of birth	Tzeli Hadjidimitriou was born in Mytilene, Lesbos in 1962 from a family of primary school teachers.	Tzeli Hadjidimitriou	1962
date of birth	Peyman Hooshmandzadeh (born 1969 in Tehran) is an Iranian photographer and author.	Peyman Hooshmandzadeh	1969
date of birth	Mihajlo Zurković (Serbian: Михајло Зурковић; born 1978) is a Serbian pianist who was born in Sombor and completed elementary music school there.	Mihajlo Zurković	1978
date of birth	Hannah England (born 6 March 1987) is a British middle-distance running athlete who specialises in the 800 metres, 1500 metres and mile run.	Hannah England	6 March 1987
date of birth	Thomas Jeannerot (born 30 March 1984) is a French professional athlete in parachuting.	Thomas Jeannerot	30 March 1984
date of birth	Marc Stears (born 1971) is a British political theorist, and Professor of Political Theory and Fellow of University College, Oxford.	Marc Stears	1971
date of birth	Rajiv Ranjan Singh (born 24 January 1955) is the Cabinet Minister for Road Construction and Science & Technology Departments in the Bihar Cabinet under Nitish Kumar.	Rajiv Ranjan Singh	24 January 1955
date of birth	Anri Matsumura (born 21 June 1991) is a Japanese handball player who plays for the club Hiroshima Maple Reds.	Anri Matsumura	21 June 1991
date of birth	Harri Mänty (born 31 July 1971 in Västerås) is a Swedish musician, brought up in Finland, who was a member of the Swedish pop-rock band Kent between 1996 and 2006.	Harri Mänty	31 July 1971
date of birth	Warren Goodhind (born 16 August 1977) is a South African professional footballer who last played as a right back for Thurrock.	Warren Goodhind	16 August 1977
date of birth	Berthold Weisz a Hungarian deputy; born at Budapest in 1845.	Berthold Weisz	1845
date of birth	Sun Yung Shin (born 1974) is a Korean American poet, writer and educator living in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Sun Yung Shin	1974
date of birth	Yannos Margaziotis (born 1967) is a Greek violinist with a career as a soloist with several major orchestras and ensembles including the Greek National Opera Orchestra, the Athens State Orchestra, the Royal Danish Orchestra, and the Orchestra of Contemporary Music of the Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation.	Yannos Margaziotis	1967
date of birth	Enam Ali, MBE, FIH, FRSA (Bengali: এনাম আলি; born 1 December 1960) is a Bangladeshi-born British businessman.	Enam Ali	1 December 1960
date of birth	Vinesh Phogat (born 25 August 1994) is an Indian wrestler who comes from a very successful background of wrestling with her cousins Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari, both international wrestlers and Commonwealth Games medallists as well.	Vinesh Phogat	25 August 1994
date of birth	Peter Wollen (born 29 June 1938 in London) is a film theorist and writer.	Peter Wollen	29 June 1938
date of birth	Yani Tseng (Chinese: 曾雅妮 Zēng Yǎní; born 23 January 1989) is a Taiwanese professional golfer playing on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour.	Yani Tseng	23 January 1989
date of birth	Todd Payten (born 18 January 1979 in Parramatta, New South Wales) is a former Australian professional rugby league footballer and current assistant coach for the North Queensland Cowboys in the National Rugby League (NRL).	Todd Payten	18 January 1979
date of birth	João Tiago Oliveira Rodrigues (born 15 March 1988), simply known as Carela is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Oliveirense mainly as a right back.	Carela	15 March 1988
date of birth	Elia Favilli (born 31 January 1989) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI World Tour team Lampre-Merida.	Elia Favilli	31 January 1989
date of birth	Shirley Bottolfsen (born 12 February 1934) is an Irish woman who lives in Bodø, Norway.	Shirley Bottolfsen	12 February 1934
date of birth	Igor Bachner (born 16 September 1946) is a retired Czechoslovak-born Canadian football player.	Igor Bachner	16 September 1946
date of birth	Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English actress, best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.	Samantha Bond	27 November 1961
date of birth	Kubilay Uygun (born 1955 in Ankara) is a former Turkish politician known for switching parties during his single term in parliament (1995 - 1999).	Kubilay Uygun	1955
date of birth	Marta Tomac (born 20 September 1990) is a Norwegian-Croatian handball player.	Marta Tomac	20 September 1990
date of birth	Takis Würger (born 1985) is a German investigative journalist, author, war correspondent and staff writer for Der Spiegel, reporting from warzone locales such as Afghanistan, Libya, Ukraine, and throughout the Middle East.	Takis Würger	1985
date of birth	Phylis Smith (née Watt, born 29 September 1965) is a former sprinter from Great Britain who won an Olympic bronze medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay in Barcelona 1992.	Phylis Smith	29 September 1965
date of birth	Shavit Elimelech (Hebrew: שביט אלימלך‎, born 7 September 1971) is a retired Israeli football goalkeeper.	Shavit Elimelech	7 September 1971
date of birth	Fanny Sanín Sader (born 1938) is a Colombian born artist from Bogotá who resides in New York City.	Fanny Sanín	1938
date of birth	Gavin Walsh (born 1965 or 1966) is an Irish computer programmer, non-fiction writer, and collector of rare music memorabilia.	Gavin Walsh	1965	1966
date of birth	Elena Cué (1972) is a Spanish businesswoman, art expert and writer.	Elena Cué	1972
date of birth	Delia Matache (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈdelia maˈtake), born 7 February 1982), known by the stage name of Delia, is a famous Romanian eurobeat singer-songwriter, TV celebrity, dancer, philanthropist, former model, fashion designer, and coach from television music competition franchise X Factor.	Delia Matache	7 February 1982
date of birth	Barbara Jacobs Rothstein (born 1939) is a United States District Judge on senior status since September 1, 2011, having served on the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington from February 20, 1980.	Barbara Jacobs Rothstein	1939
date of birth	Xue Yuanchao (Chinese: 薛元超; 622--683), formal name Xue Zhen (薛振) but went by the courtesy name of Yuanchao, formally Baron of Fenyin (汾陰男), was an official of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong.	Xue Yuanchao	622
date of birth	Kenny Elissonde (born 22 July 1991) is a French professional road cyclist, currently riding for FDJ.	Kenny Elissonde	22 July 1991
date of birth	Sam Sunderland (born 15 April 1989 in Poole) is a Dubai-based British rally raid motorcycle rider, best known for his participation in the Dakar Rally.	Sam Sunderland	15 April 1989
date of birth	Amila Eranga (full name Amila Eranga Witharana; born 23 September 1986) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Amila Eranga	23 September 1986
date of birth	Ivana Španović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивана Шпановић, born 10 May 1990) is a Serbian long jumper, reigning European indoor champion.	Ivana Španović	10 May 1990
date of birth	Emilio Merino Lacoste (born 3 February 1950) was the 35th Mayor of the commune of Pichilemu, office which he held between 1983 and 30 August 1984, after being appointed by the military government of General Augusto Pinochet.	Emilio Merino	3 February 1950
date of birth	Matteo Liviero (born 13 April 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Lecce, on loan from Juventus, as a left back or as a wide midfielder.	Matteo Liviero	13 April 1993
date of birth	Ruth Stuber Jeanne (née Stuber; b. 13 May 1910, Chicago; d. 6 Apr. 2004, Newark, Ohio) was an American marimbist, percussionist, violinist, and arranger.	Ruth Stuber Jeanne	13 May 1910
date of birth	Guerin Austin (/ˈɡɛrən ˈɔːstən/; born November 30, 1980) is a television host, model and beauty queen from Seattle, Washington who has competed in the Miss USA pageant.	Guerin Austin	1980
date of birth	Belaynesh Oljira Jemama (born 26 June 1990) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes mainly in 10K and half marathon races.	Belaynesh Oljira	26 June 1990
date of birth	Takatsugu Uda (born 25 October 1991) is a Japanese cross country skier.	Takatsugu Uda	25 October 1991
date of birth	Stewart McAllister (27 December 1914 -- 27 November 1962) was a British documentary film editor who collaborated closely with Humphrey Jennings during the Second World War to produce films for the Crown Film Unit of the Ministry of Information.	Stewart McAllister	27 December 1914
date of birth	Trent Vanegas (born 12 July 1974) is an American blogger from Michigan who is best known for his celebrity gossip blog, Pink is the New Blog (PITNB for short), which he launched in 2004.	Trent Vanegas	12 July 1974
date of birth	Chris Bachelder (born 1971) is an American writer, e-book pioneer and frequent contributor to the publications McSweeney's Quarterly Concern and The Believer.	Chris Bachelder	1971
date of birth	Jelena Lengold (born 1959 in Kruševac) is a Serbian poet, novelist and journalist.	Jelena Lengold	1959
date of birth	Antigone Metaxa-Krontera (Greek: Αντιγόνη Μεταξά-Κροντηρά; 1905--1972) was a Greek children's author.	Antigone Metaxa-Krontera	1905
date of birth	Lonnie Dupre (born 17 April 1961) is a contemporary Arctic explorer whose achievements include the first Pacific to Atlantic winter traversal of the Northwest Passage by dog sled in 1991 and the first human-powered circumnavigation of Greenland, by sled and kayak, in 2001.	Lonnie Dupre	17 April 1961
date of birth	Sankho Chaudhuri (25 February 1916 -- 28 August 2006) was an Indian sculptor, a noted figure in the art scene of India.	Sankho Chaudhuri	25 February 1916
date of birth	Irinej Dobrijević (Serbian Cyrillic: Иринеј Добријевић, English: Irenaeus Dobrijević; United States, Cleveland 6 February 1955) is a Serbian Orthodox Bishop of Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand.	Irinej Dobrijević	6 February 1955
date of birth	William Dale Cardwell (born 1962 in Greenville, Kentucky) is a consumer investigator and television journalist based in Atlanta, Georgia.	Dale Cardwell	1962
date of birth	Knut Bohwim (born 12 March 1931) is a leading Norwegian film director.	Knut Bohwim	12 March 1931
date of birth	Frank Swift Chase (12 March 1886 -- 3 July 1958) was an American Post-Impressionist landscape painter and a founder of the Woodstock Artists Association in Woodstock, New York, the art colony at Nantucket, Massachusetts, and the Sarasota School of Art in Florida.	Frank Swift Chase	12 March 1886
date of birth	Gene Petit (May 19 c. 1949 -- September 29, 2013) was an American professional wrestler best known for his portrayal of Cousin Luke in the World Wrestling Federation.	Gene Petit	1949
date of birth	Tharcisse Gashaka (born 18 December 1962) is a Burundian athlete who specialized in marathon and long-distance running.	Tharcisse Gashaka	18 December 1962
date of birth	Padmavathy Bandopadhyay (born 4 November 1944) is the first woman Air Marshal of the Indian Air Force.	Padmavathy Bandopadhyay	4 November 1944
date of birth	Alibhai Mulla Jeevanjee (1856--1936) was an Indian merchant, politician and philanthropist who went on to play a large role in the development of modern day Kenya during colonial rule.	Alibhai Mulla Jeevanjee	1856
date of birth	Einar Jansen (27 March 1893 -- 13 December 1960) was a Norwegian historian, genealogist and archivist.	Einar Jansen	27 March 1893
date of birth	Protais Zigiranyirazo (born 1938?) commonly known as Monsieur Zed (``Mr. Z''), is a Rwandan businessman and politician.	Protais Zigiranyirazo	1938
date of birth	Guru Tegh Bahadur (Punjabi: ਗੁਰੂ ਤੇਗ਼ ਬਹਾਦਰ, Punjabi pronunciation: (ɡʊru teɣ bəhɑdʊɾ); 1 April 1621 -- 24 November 1675,), revered as the ninth Nanak, was the ninth of ten Gurus (Prophets) of the Sikh religion.	Guru Tegh Bahadur	1 April 1621
date of birth	Steve Brignall (born 12 June 1960) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Arsenal.	Steve Brignall	12 June 1960
date of birth	Leander Ditscheiner (4 January 1839 -- 1 February 1905) was an Austrian physicist and mathematician, best known for his research on birefringence.	Leander Ditscheiner	4 January 1839
date of birth	Ruth Posner (born 20 April 1933 as Ruth Wajsberg) is a Polish Holocaust survivor, former dancer and choreographer and is today an actress and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.	Ruth Posner	20 April 1933
date of birth	Odysseu Guy Ramos (born 16 August 1985) is a Cape Verdean international footballer who plays professionally as a centre back.	Guy Ramos	16 August 1985
date of birth	Kenneth Amis (born 1970) is the tuba player with the Empire Brass.	Kenneth Amis	1970
date of birth	Girolamo da Ponte also known as Gerolamo Bassano (3 June 1566 -- 8 Nov 1621) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.	Girolamo da Ponte	3 June 1566
date of birth	Sharon Maguire (born 28 November 1960) is a Welsh film director who came to prominence with Bridget Jones's Diary.	Sharon Maguire	28 November 1960
date of birth	James Schwarzenbach (5 August 1911 - 27 October 1994) was a right-wing, Republican Swiss politician and publicist.	James Schwarzenbach	5 August 1911
date of birth	Enzo Gragnaniello (born 20 October 1954) is an Italian singer-songwriter and composer.	Enzo Gragnaniello	20 October 1954
date of birth	James Anthony Coburn (10 December 1927 -- 28 April 1977) was an Australian television writer and producer, who spent much of his professional career living and working in the United Kingdom.	Anthony Coburn	10 December 1927
date of birth	Frederick Lowenheim (1870 - November 14, 1929) was widely known for his front page magazine illustrations of the Country Gentleman and Woman's Home Companion.	Frederick Lowenheim	1870
date of birth	John Caesar (1764 -- 15 February 1796), nicknamed ``Black Caesar'', was the first Australian bushranger and one of the first people of recent African descent to arrive in Australia.	John Caesar	1764
date of birth	Mary Hunter Wolf (1905?--November 3, 2000), born Mary Hunter, was an American theater director and producer.	Mary Hunter Wolf	1905
date of birth	Štěpán Rak (born 8 August 1945) is a Rusyn, Ukraine-born Czech classical guitarist and composer.	Štěpán Rak	8 August 1945
date of birth	Keith Gillhouley (8 August 1934, Crosland Moor, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, England) is an English first-class cricketer, who played for twenty four games for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1961, 83 for Nottinghamshire from 1963 to 1966, and one for the MCC in 1963.	Keith Gillhouley	8 August 1934
date of birth	Zoe Newson (born 24 March 1992) is a British Powerlifter.	Zoe Newson	24 March 1992
date of birth	Pierre-Ambroise Bosse (born 11 May 1992) is a French athlete competing in middle distance running.	Pierre-Ambroise Bosse	11 May 1992
date of birth	Shazad Latif (born July 1988) is a British actor, who starred in the BBC TV series Spooks as the highly skilled technician and data analyst Tariq Masood in series 8--10.	Shazad Latif	July 1988
date of birth	Astratijs Roškovs (born 1939) is a former Lithuanian-Russian-Latvian football central defender who from 1960 to 1970 played for FK Daugava Rīga.	Astratijs Roškovs	1939
date of birth	Choi York Yee (Chinese: 蔡育瑜; Jyutping: coi3 juk6 jyu4, born 11 May 1953) is a retired Hong Kong football player and is now a sports commentator in Hong Kong.	Choi York Yee	11 May 1953
date of birth	Łukasz Adamczyk (24 December 1982) is a Polish footballer, currently based in Belfast, Northern Ireland and playing for Newry City F.C..	Łukasz Adamczyk	24 December 1982
date of birth	Daniel G. Birmingham (born 1968), better known as ``Dan Birmingham'', is the Chairman of the nine-member County Legislature in Putnam County, New York.	Daniel G. Birmingham	1968
date of birth	Marty McMillan (born 17 February 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1970s.	Marty McMillan	17 February 1953
date of birth	Eder Kurti (born 29 October 1984) is a British Professional boxer with Albanian heritage who competes in the supper middleweight division currently residing in Woolwich, London.	Eder Kurti	29 October 1984
date of birth	Algis Kizys (born in Chicago, 1960) is a New York City bass guitarist most well known for his long-time membership in New York band Swans.	Algis Kizys	1960
date of birth	Andy Cato (born Andrew Derek Cocup; 7 June 1969) is an English musician, producer and DJ who is currently one half of the electronic music band, Groove Armada, the other half being Tom Findlay.	Andy Cato	7 June 1969
date of birth	Frederick Wilkes (1869 -- after 1892) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath.	Frederick Wilkes	1869
date of birth	Ali Morteza Samsam Bakhtiari (1945-2007) was a senior expert employed by the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC).	Ali Morteza Samsam Bakhtiari	1945
date of birth	Known as ``Teddy Niedermaier'', Edward Niedermaier was born in November 1983 in Annapolis, MD, and grew up in Minneapolis, MN.	Teddy Niedermaier	1983
date of birth	Ludger Fischer (born 30 October 1957 in Essen) is a German historian on building history, reviewer of contemporary architecture and political scientist.	Ludger Fischer	30 October 1957
date of birth	Kira Poutanen (born 1974) is a Finnish Nobel listed writer, translator and actress.	Kira Poutanen	1974
date of birth	Paul Blackford (* 1982) is a Detroit-influenced electro artist, best known for fast bass driven electro.	Paul Blackford	1982
date of birth	Skyla (born Lucy Batty; 5 March 1991) is an English dance singer from Altrincham.	Skyla	5 March 1991
date of birth	Noël Valis (born 24 December 1945) is a writer, scholar and translator.	Noël Valis	24 December 1945
date of birth	Tony Mansfield (born 19 January 1955) is an English songwriter, musician and record producer.	Tony Mansfield	19 January 1955
date of birth	Diego de Arroyo, a miniature painter, who was born at Toledo in 1498, is supposed to have studied either in Italy or under an Italian master.	Diego de Arroyo	1498
date of birth	Kieran McGuinness (born 8 July 1983) is an Australian rules footballer who formerly played with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Kieran McGuinness	8 July 1983
date of birth	Sewell Collins (1876--1934) was an American dramatist and producer.	Sewell Collins	1876
date of birth	Vincent Solano (1923--1992) was a gangster, a caporegime for the Chicago Outfit who ran a corrupt Laborers Union local in Chicago.	Vincent Solano	1923
date of birth	Sir Charles Michael Dennis Byron (born July 1943) is the President of the Caribbean Court of Justice.	Dennis Byron	1943
date of birth	Gundis Zámbó (born 5 June 1966 in Gratwein, Styria) is a German actress with Austrian and Hungarian origin.	Gundis Zámbó	5 June 1966
date of birth	Irena Borowik (born 1956), is a Polish publisher and professor of religious studies at the Jagiellonian University in Krakow.	Irena Borowik	1956
date of birth	Valnice Milhomens Coelho (born 16 July 1947) is a Brazilian pastor, apostle, author, and televangelist, founder and president of Ministério Palavra da Fé and the Igreja Nacional do Senhor Jesus Cristo (Insejec), currently based in Brasilia.	Valnice Milhomens	16 July 1947
date of birth	Michael Urvan (born 1973) was the first individual to successfully defend against a domain name dispute brought against an individual by a famous celebrity.	Michael Urvan	1973
date of birth	Irene Eber (born 1930 in Halle, née Geminder) is an Israeli Orientalist.	Irene Eber	1930
date of birth	Prof. Rivka Carmi (born 1948) is an Israeli pediatrician and geneticist who, since May 2006, has served as President of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev.	Rivka Carmi	1948
date of birth	Claudia Akdemir Udenta (born 1965) is a German-Turkish writer and journalist.	Akdemir Udenta	1965
date of birth	Manya Joshi (born 1972) is a Marathi poet based in Mumbai.	Manya Joshi	1972
date of birth	Bertie Brownlow (born 20 May 1920, in Portland, New South Wales) was a Tasmanian cricket player, who played first class cricket for Tasmania eight times between the 1952--53 season until the 1956--57 season.	Bertie Brownlow	20 May 1920
date of birth	Angela Vincent (born 1942) is a professor at Somerville College of Oxford University.	Angela Vincent	1942
date of birth	Pavle Nenadović (Serbian Cyrillic: Павле Ненадовић, pronounced (pâːʋle nenǎːdoʋit͡ɕ); 1703--1768) was the Serbian Orthodox Metropolitan of Karlovci from 1749 to 1768.	Pavle Nenadović	1703
date of birth	Jeanne Martinet (born March 24, 1920), a recognized semiotician, is proprietor of a semiotics school.	Jeanne Martinet	1920
date of birth	Philip Heselton (born 1946) is a retired British Conservation Officer, a Wiccan initiate, and a writer on the subjects of Wicca, Paganism and Earth mysteries.	Philip Heselton	1946
date of birth	Edward Dryhurst (1904-1989) was an English screenwriter, film producer and director.	Edward Dryhurst	1904
date of birth	Exodus Lale (born 21 September 2005) is a Brisbane, Australian-born performer, actor and singer who plays Young Simba in Disney's the Lion King Musical Australian tour.	Exodus Lale	21 September 2005
date of birth	Boris Gardiner (born 13 January 1943) is a Jamaican singer, songwriter and bass guitarist.	Boris Gardiner	13 January 1943
date of birth	Noah Ashenhurst (born 1972) is the author of the novel Comfort Food which won the 2006 Independent Publisher Book Award for Best Regional Fiction (West-Pacific).	Noah Ashenhurst	1972
date of birth	Neil Humphreys (born London, England, 5 December 1974) is a British humour columnist and author of three best-selling humorous books about Singapore - Notes From an Even Smaller Island (2001), Scribbles from the Same Island (2003) and Final Notes from a Great Island (2006).	Neil Humphreys	5 December 1974
date of birth	Haris Tarin (born 1978) is an Afghan American Muslim leader.	Haris Tarin	1978
date of birth	Mimi Alemayehou (born 1969) is a development finance executive who served as Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) from March 2010 to April 2014.	Mimi Alemayehou	1969
date of birth	Amon Buchanan (born 10 October 1982) is a former Australian rules football who played for the Brisbane Lions and the Sydney Swans in the AFL.	Amon Buchanan	10 October 1982
date of birth	Matylda Kowal (née Szlęzak; born 11 January 1989 in Rzeszów) is a Polish middle- and long-distance runner.	Matylda Kowal	11 January 1989
date of birth	Atanas Mladenov (Bulgarian: Атанас Младенов, born 3 January 1960) is a retired Bulgarian high jumper.	Atanas Mladenov	3 January 1960
date of birth	Antonio Rodríguez Medero (1712 - April 10, 1760) was the mayor of San Antonio, Texas in 1741.	Antonio Rodríguez Medero	1712
date of birth	Margaret Susan Cheshire, Baroness Ryder of Warsaw and Baroness Cheshire, CMG, OBE (3 July 1924 -- 2 November 2000), best known as Sue Ryder, was a British volunteer with Special Operations Executive in the Second World War, who afterwards led many charitable organisations, notably the charity named in her honour.	Sue Ryder	3 July 1924
date of birth	Mike Furber (28 September 1948 -- 10 May 1973) was an English-born entertainer popular in the mid-1960s as the lead singer of Mike Furber and the Bowery Boys.	Mike Furber	28 September 1948
date of birth	Franck Moutsinga (born 12 August 1985) is a German international rugby union player, playing for the Berliner RC in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.	Franck Moutsinga	12 August 1985
date of birth	Orazio Samacchini (20 December 1532 -- 12 June 1577) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and Mannerist style, active in Rome, Parma, and his native city.	Orazio Samacchini	20 December 1532
date of birth	Al Aspen (5 June 1893 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- 1956) was an American racecar driver.	Al Aspen	5 June 1893
date of birth	Franklin Cox (born Charleston, Illinois, United States, 1961) is an American composer and cellist.	Franklin Cox	1961
date of birth	Ofra Strauss (Hebrew: עפרה שטראוס‎; born 22 August 1960) is an Israeli businesswoman.	Ofra Strauss	22 August 1960
date of birth	Rob Gell AM (born 25 August 1952) is a geomorphologist and weather presenter, with a degree in meteorology.	Rob Gell	25 August 1952
date of birth	Günter Ambraß (born 16 September 1955) is a retired East German weightlifter who competed in the lightweight category.	Günter Ambraß	16 September 1955
date of birth	Nataša Petrović (Macedonian: Наташа Петровиќ; Serbian: Наташа Петровић; born 31 August 1988), also known as Natasha Petrovic, is a Macedonian actress of Serbian descent.	Nataša Petrović	31 August 1988
date of birth	Hezekiah da Silva (also Hezekiah Silva) (1659--1698) (Hebrew: חזקיה בן דוד די סילוא) was a Jewish author born at Livorno, Grand Duchy of Tuscany, son-in-law of the dayan Mordecai Befael Malachi.	Hezekiah da Silva	1659
date of birth	Amin Tarif (Arabic: أمين طريف‎, Hebrew: אמין טריף; born 1898, died October 2, 1993) was the qadi, or spiritual leader, of the Druze in Palestine and then Israel from 1928 till his death in 1993.	Amin Tarif	1898
date of birth	Li Xuepeng (simplified Chinese: 李学鹏; traditional Chinese: 李學鵬; pinyin: Lǐ Xuépéng; born 18 September 1988) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Li Xuepeng	18 September 1988
date of birth	St. John Emile Clavering Hankin (25 September 1869 -- 15 June 1909) was a British Edwardian essayist and playwright.	St. John Emile Clavering Hankin	25 September 1869
date of birth	Jess Robinson (born 1 February 1983 in London), is an English comedy actress and impressionist.	Jess Robinson	1 February 1983
date of birth	Sharanya Srinivas (born 3 January 1991) is an Indian vocalist who has notably worked in Tamil films as a playback singer.	Sharanya Srinivas	3 January 1991
date of birth	Daniel Sarokon (1928 - January 1, 2006) was a NASA Launch Conductor, described as 'one of the most influential people in the history of space travel.	Daniel Sarokon	1928
date of birth	William Hendy Harrison (27 May 1863 -- 15 July 1939) was an English first-class cricketer, who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club, against Middlesex, Cambridge University and Sussex in 1888.	William Hendy Harrison	27 May 1863
date of birth	Harry Bickerton (1922--1994?) was a British engineer in the fields of aerospace engineering, aircraft engine design, and bicycle construction and design.	Harry Bickerton	1922
date of birth	Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Shmuk (Russian: Александр Александрович Шмук) (November 9 (O.S. 28 October) 1886 in Moscow - January 22, 1945, Moscow) was a Soviet biochemist and recipient of the Stalin Prize in 1942.	Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Shmuk	1886
date of birth	Burkat Shudi (variants: Burkhart, Burkhardt, Schudi, Tschudi, Tshudi) (13 March 1702 -- 19 August 1773) was an English harpsichord maker of Swiss origin.	Burkat Shudi	13 March 1702
date of birth	Serkan Özkaya (1973) is a Turkish conceptual artist whose work deals with topics of appropriation and reproduction, and typically operates outside of traditional art spaces.	Serkan Özkaya	1973
date of birth	Dakota Darsow (born 1987) is an American professional wrestler.	Dakota Darsow	1987
date of birth	Juan José Lerena y Barry (Cádiz, 1796--Madrid, 1863) was a Spanish naval captain who attempted to establish Spanish control over the Gulf of Guinea during the mid-nineteenth century.	Juan José Lerena y Barry	1796
date of birth	David Holton (born 1946) is a British professor of Modern Greek at the University of Cambridge.	David Holton	1946
date of birth	Denny Laine (born Brian Frederick Hines, 29 October 1944) is an English musician, singer, songwriter and guitarist.	Denny Laine	29 October 1944
date of birth	Edward William Binney FRS, FGS (1812--1882) was an English geologist.	Edward William Binney	1812
date of birth	Anita Włodarczyk (born 8 August 1985) is a Polish hammer thrower, and the first woman in history to throw the hammer over 80m; she currently holds the women's world record of 81.08m.	Anita Włodarczyk	8 August 1985
date of birth	Kanny Theng (born 10 March 1987) is a Singaporean model turned actress.	Kanny Theng	10 March 1987
date of birth	Walter Fyrst (né Fürst; 6 July 1901 -- 23 February 1993) was a Norwegian filmmaker.	Walter Fyrst	1901
date of birth	William E. Dunn (born 1926) was elected mayor of Murray, Utah for two four-year terms during 1965-1970, and elected as a Salt Lake County Commissioner from 1970 to 1979.	William E. Dunn	1926
date of birth	Georgios Hatziioannidis (Greek: Γεώργιος Χατζηιωαννίδης ; born 1951 in Soviet Union) is a Greek wrestler.	Georgios Hatziioannidis	1951
date of birth	Tony Cohen (b. 1956) is an Australian music record producer and sound engineer based in Melbourne.	Tony Cohen	1956
date of birth	Maryna Godwin (later Maryna Proctor, born 9 September 1944) is a retired South African tennis player.	Maryna Godwin	9 September 1944
date of birth	Peter Nigri (Latinized from Schwartz), known also as Peter George Niger (b. 1434 at Kaaden in Bohemia; d. between 1481 and 1484), was a Dominican theologian, preacher and controversialist.	Peter Nigri	1434
date of birth	Lisa Gormley (born 29 September 1984) is an English-born Australian actress and best known for playing Bianca Scott on the Channel 7 serial drama Home and Away.	Lisa Gormley	29 September 1984
date of birth	Lieutenant-General Kanwar Bahadur Singh, MBE, (5 August 1910 -- 8 May 2007) was a senior officer in the Indian Army.	Kanwar Bahadur Singh	5 August 1910
date of birth	Richard Bowchier was the Archdeacon of Lewes from 1693 until 1723.	Richard Bowchier	1693
date of birth	Claude Littner (born 1949) is a British business executive and the former chairman of Viglen, also known from his appearances on the BBC-produced British version of The Apprentice, interviewing for his former boss Alan Sugar.	Claude Littner	1949
date of birth	Alex Mutucumarana (born 15 June 1979) is a cricketer.	Alex Mutucumarana	15 June 1979
date of birth	Gavin Relly (1926 in Cape Town, South Africa -- 10 January 1999 in Hermanus, South Africa) was a South African businessman and former chairman of Anglo American.	Gavin Relly	1926
date of birth	Eliodoro Camacho (1831 -- 1899) was a noted Bolivian politician, party leader, and presidential candidate.	Eliodoro Camacho	1831
date of birth	Rabbi Avigdor Nebenzahl (born 1935) is the former chief rabbi of the Old City of Jerusalem after handing over the post to his son Rabbi Chizkiyahu Nebenzahl who also learns in Yeshivat Netiv Aryeh, Rabbi of the Ramban Synagogue, a posek and a noted author of weekly essays on the torah portion.	Avigdor Nebenzahl	1935
date of birth	William Arnold Bromfield (1801--1851), was an English botanist.	William Arnold Bromfield	1801
date of birth	George Boateng (born 5 September 1975) is a former Dutch footballer who is of Ghanaian descent.	George Boateng	5 September 1975
date of birth	Roger Laurin (born 1936 in Montreal, Quebec) is a trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses in the United States and Canada.	Roger Laurin	1936
date of birth	Anirvan Ghosh was born in 1964 in Bloomington, Indiana and grew up in Kanpur, India.	Anirvan Ghosh	1964
date of birth	Edwin K. Barker (born 8 August 1928) was the first principal of Iowa City West High School, and was chosen as one of the 150 most notable people in the 150 year history of Iowa City, Iowa.	Edwin K. Barker	8 August 1928
date of birth	Sir Edward Albert Stone KCMG (9 March 1844 -- 2 April 1920) was an Australian lawyer, lieutenant governor, politician and the fourth Chief Justice of Western Australia.	Edward Albert Stone	9 March 1844
date of birth	Hjalmar Waage (8 February 1892 -- 1939) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and writer.	Hjalmar Waage	8 February 1892
date of birth	Richard Platt (born 15 April 1953) is a British writer of nonfiction and information books and multimedia works, primarily for children.	Richard Platt	15 April 1953
date of birth	Leonard Whiting (born 30 June 1950) is an English actor who is best known for his role as Romeo in the 1968 Zeffirelli film version of Romeo and Juliet opposite Olivia Hussey's Juliet, a role which earned him the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year - Actor.	Leonard Whiting	30 June 1950
date of birth	Louise Hulland (born 6 September 1979 in Burnley, Lancashire) is an English presenter and journalist currently working for ITV London, ITV News, BBC Watchdog and BBC London 94.9.	Louise Hulland	6 September 1979
date of birth	Ger Owens (Gerald, Gerry) born 13 July 1979 in Dublin is an Irish sailor.	Ger Owens	13 July 1979
date of birth	Juana Alicia Araiza (born 1953) is a muralist, printmaker, educator, activist and, painter.	Juana Alicia	1953
date of birth	Mary-Anne Fahey (born 19 August 1955 as Mary-Anne Waterman) is an Australian actress, comedian and writer.	Mary-Anne Fahey	19 August 1955
date of birth	Emanuel Dimas de Melo Pimenta (born 1957) is a Brazilian musician, architect, and intermedia artist.	Emanuel Dimas de Melo Pimenta	1957
date of birth	Li Fanwen (simplified Chinese: 李范文; traditional Chinese: 李範文) (born November 1932) is a Chinese linguist and Tangutologist.	Li Fanwen	November 1932
date of birth	Peter Long (born 4 June 1952) is an English businessman and Joint Chief Executive of TUI Group	Peter Long	4 June 1952
date of birth	Zacheus Isham, D.D. (1651--1705) was a Church of England clergyman and religious author.	Zacheus Isham	1651
date of birth	Harm Lagaay (28 December 1946, The Hague) is a Dutch automobile designer.	Harm Lagaay	28 December 1946
date of birth	Emil Farkas (Born 1946) is a Hungarian American martial arts instructor and writer known for his appearances in numerous films and in television shows.	Emil Farkas	1946
date of birth	Low Thia Khiang (simplified Chinese: 刘程强; traditional Chinese: 劉程強; pinyin: Liú Chéngqiáng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lâu Thiâⁿ-kiàng; born 5 September 1956) is a Singaporean politician and businessman.	Low Thia Khiang	5 September 1956
date of birth	Salaheddine Bassir (Arabic: صلاح الدين بصير‎) (born 5 September 1972) is a former Moroccan football player.	Salaheddine Bassir	5 September 1972
date of birth	Marcella Polain (born 1958) is an Australian-resident poet, novelist and short fiction writer.	Marcella Polain	1958
date of birth	Pythagoras Papastamatiou (Greek: Πυθαγόρας Παπασταματίου, 1930 -- November 12, 1979), mainly known by the mononym Pythagoras, was a Greek lyricist and playwright.	Pythagoras Papastamatiou	1930
date of birth	Marina Azyabina (Russian: Марина Азябина; born 15 June 1963) is a retired Russian hurdler.	Marina Azyabina	1963
date of birth	Ahmet Şık (IPA: (ähme̞t̪ ʃɯk); born 1970, Adana) is a Turkish investigative journalist, author of several books, and a trade unionist.	Ahmet Şık	1970
date of birth	Mehdi Bagheri (Persian: مهدی باقری‎‎), (born 16 November 1980), is an Iranian kamancheh player and composer.	Mehdi Bagheri	16 November 1980
date of birth	Klaus Behrens (born 3 August 1941) is a retired German rower who was most successful in the eights.	Klaus Behrens	3 August 1941
date of birth	Zeng Guo Yuan (simplified Chinese: 曾国原; traditional Chinese: 曾國原; pinyin: Zēng Guŏyuán; born 1953), also known as Zeng Guoyan, Thomas Chan Hock Seng and, erroneously, Zeng Guoyung, is a Singaporean businessman, philanthropist, politician, author, and former acupuncturist.	Zeng Guo Yuan	1953
date of birth	Daniel Tarantola was born in Ajaccio (Corsica), France, in 1942.	Daniel Tarantola	1942
date of birth	Ofek Fishler (Hebrew: אופק פישלר‎; born 24 August 1996) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Haifa.	Ofek Fishler	24 August 1996
date of birth	Ignacio Canto (born 21 January 1981) is a Spanish épée fencer.	Ignacio Canto	21 January 1981
date of birth	Park Sea-kyun (born 1 June 1971) is a South Korean Paralympian shooter.	Park Sea-kyun	1 June 1971
date of birth	Janice Hally (born 18 March 1959) is a Scottish playwright and television screenwriter who has written more than 300 broadcast hours of prime-time British television drama serials and individual screenplays.	Janice Hally	18 March 1959
date of birth	Robin Batteau (born 12 January 1948) is an American Grammy-winning, Emmy-winning, Clio-winning, and Oscar-nominated composer, singer-songwriter-soloist and music producer.	Robin Batteau	12 January 1948
date of birth	Shen Chen (Chinese: 沈晨; pinyin: Shěn Chén; born 28 July 1990) is a Chinese sabre fencer.	Shen Chen	28 July 1990
date of birth	Daniel Kjörling (born 12 November 1973) is a Swedish former bandy player who most recently played for Västerås SK as a goalkeeper.	Daniel Kjörling	12 November 1973
date of birth	Bessie Bardot (born Bessie Wilson on 10 September 1974) is an Australian businesswoman, author, body model, television host, and socialite.	Bessie Bardot	10 September 1974
date of birth	Anna Hingley (born 1982) is the first woman to ride on horseback across the Australian Outback, which she completed on 5 August 2006.	Anna Hingley	1982
date of birth	Ernst Lorsy, (in Hungarian: Lorsy Ernő, born 28 November 1889 in Mezőszilas, Hungary -- 23 August 1960 in New York City) Hungarian journalist, translator and historian of Jewish descent.	Ernst Lorsy	28 November 1889
date of birth	Emma Bossons (born 1976 in Congleton, Cheshire) is a ceramic artist and designer for Moorcroft Pottery.	Emma Bossons	1976
date of birth	Bobby Issazadhe(born 21 February 1961) is a Swedish former professional race car driver and Performance Racing team manager.	Bobby Issazadhe	21 February 1961
date of birth	Norman Brudy (1919--2000) was a salesman, government lobbyist and a Canadian Communist politician and election candidate.	Norman Brudy	1919
date of birth	Alexander Svirsky or Alexander of Svir (1448--1533) was an Eastern Orthodox saint, monk and hegumen of Russian Orthodox Church.	Alexander Svirsky	1448
date of birth	Lawrence A. Oxley (1887- 1973) was one among 45 prominent black community leaders appointed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to what was called his Black Cabinet, positions in numerous executive agencies and to serve as advisers during his administration.	Lawrence A. Oxley	1887
date of birth	Bola Agbaje (born c. 1981) is an award-winning British playwright of Nigerian origin, who is under commission with Paines Plough and Tiata Fahodzi.	Bola Agbaje	1981
date of birth	Charles Jerry Vines (born September 1937) is an American preacher and former pastor of the then nation's third largest Southern Baptist church, the First Baptist Church of Jacksonville, Florida.	Jerry Vines	September 1937
date of birth	Juan Pablo Torres Amaya, stagename Pablo Ríos (San Salvador, 9 November 1934 - 10 January 2006) was a Salvadorian popular singer.	Pablo Ríos	9 November 1934
date of birth	Jacob Juel (1744 -- 21 April 1800) was a Norwegian timber trader and civil servant.	Jacob Juel	1744
date of birth	Kevork Malikyan (born 2 June 1943) is an Anglo-Armenian actor and teacher.	Kevork Malikyan	2 June 1943
date of birth	Robert Wringham (born Robert Westwood on 28 November 1982) is a British humorist, best known as the editor of New Escapologist magazine.	Robert Wringham	28 November 1982
date of birth	Heike John (now Heike Walpot; born 19 June 1960) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships.	Heike John	19 June 1960
date of birth	Christopher Tookey (born 9 April 1950) is an award-winning English film critic.	Christopher Tookey	9 April 1950
date of birth	Alma Delia Fuentes (born 22 January 1937) is a Mexican actress of film, television, and theatre.	Alma Delia Fuentes	22 January 1937
date of birth	William Stopford Kenny (born 1788; died London, November 16, 1867) was a British schoolmaster, a writer and compiler of educational works, and an accomplished chessplayer who published and translated several works on the game.	William Stopford Kenny	1788
date of birth	Jacques Testard de Montigny (1663--1737) was an officer in the colonial troupes de la marine of New France.	Jacques Testard de Montigny	1663
date of birth	Carolyn Steinberg (born 1956) is an American flutist and composer.	Carolyn Steinberg	1956
date of birth	Born in Malaya on 29 September 1920, Michael Codner was educated at Bedford School and Exeter College, Oxford University.	Michael Codner	29 September 1920
date of birth	Ashok Patki (born 25 August 1941) is an Indian music director and composer; working predominantly in Marathi cinema, theatre and television.	Ashok Patki	25 August 1941
date of birth	Ejnar Knudsen III (born 1968) is a US investment manager who focuses on food and agriculture investments.	Ejnar Knudsen	1968
date of birth	Maria Zemankova (born 6 January 1951 ) is a Computer Scientist who is known for the theory and implementation of the first Fuzzy Relational Database System.	Maria Zemankova	6 January 1951
date of birth	Albert Boyd Douglas, known as Boyd Douglas (born 13 July 1950) is a politician in Northern Ireland.	Boyd Douglas	13 July 1950
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Haversham Godwin-Austen FRS FZS FRGS MBOU (6 July 1834 -- 2 December 1923), known until 1854 as Henry Haversham Austen, was an English topographer, geologist, naturalist and surveyor.	Henry Haversham Godwin-Austen	6 July 1834
date of birth	Aleksandër Xhuvani (14 March 1889, Elbasan, Manastir Vilayet - 22 March 1961) was an Albanian philologist and educator.	Aleksandër Xhuvani	14 March 1889
date of birth	Randall Dougherty (born 1961) is an American mathematician.	Randall Dougherty	1961
date of birth	Robin Pilcher (born 10 August 1950) is a British author, the eldest son of author Rosamunde Pilcher.	Robin Pilcher	10 August 1950
date of birth	Anna of Greater Poland (Polish: Anna wielkopolska ; b. 1253 - d. aft. 26 June 1295), was a Greater Poland princess member of the House of Piast and Abbess at Owińska.	Anna of Greater Poland	1253
date of birth	Zachary Muburi-Muita (born in 1957) is a national of Kenya who from 2010 until June 2013 has served as the Head of the United Nations Office to the African Union.	Zachary Muburi-Muita	1957
date of birth	Alvin Lee Marts, born 4 August 1923 at Wilsonville, Nebraska, enlisted in the Navy at Denver, Colorado, 2 July 1941.	Alvin Lee Marts	4 August 1923
date of birth	Dr. Pierre De Muelenaere (born 25 October 1958) is a Belgian entrepreneur and scientist.	Pierre De Muelenaere	25 October 1958
date of birth	John Wall Callcott (20 November 1766 -- 15 May 1821) was an eminent English composer.	John Wall Callcott	20 November 1766
date of birth	Nathan Ashe (born 5 October 1991) is a professional rugby league player.	Nathan Ashe	5 October 1991
date of birth	Father D'Arcy D'Souza (1913 -- December 10, 2009, Karachi) was a Pakistani Roman Catholic priest who spent 66 years of his priestly life serving the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi, making him at the time of his death, the longest-serving priest in the archdiocese.	D'Arcy D'Souza	1913
date of birth	Enkelejda Shehu (born 23 January 1969) is an Albanian shooter who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympic Games and the 1996 Summer Olympic Games.	Enkelejda Shehu	23 January 1969
date of birth	Laban Korir (born 30 June 1985 in Uasin Gishu District) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in road running competitions.	Laban Korir	30 June 1985
date of birth	Brett Montgomery (born 1 June 1973) is a retired Australian rules football player and current assistant coach with the Western Bulldogs.	Brett Montgomery	1 June 1973
date of birth	Dr. Stephen Little Ph.D. (born 1954) is an American Asian art scholar, museum administrator and artist.	Stephen Little	1954
date of birth	John G. Cotton (born 1951) is a retired vice admiral in the United States Navy.	John G. Cotton	1951
date of birth	Albert V, Duke of Mecklenburg (1397 -- 1 June /6 December 1423) was Duke of Mecklenburg from 1412 until his death.	Albert V, Duke of Mecklenburg	1397
date of birth	Daan Vaesen (born 11 July 1981) is a Belgian footballer currently playing for Duffel	Daan Vaesen	11 July 1981
date of birth	Pierre Wack (1922--1997) was an unconventional French oil executive who was the first to develop the use of scenario planning in the private sector, at Royal Dutch Shell's London headquarters in the 1970s.	Pierre Wack	1922
date of birth	Matthías Vilhjálmsson (born 30 January 1987) is an Icelandic international footballer who plays as a striker for the Icelandic national football team and the Norwegian Premier League club Rosenborg.	Matthías Vilhjálmsson	30 January 1987
date of birth	Chris Gelbmann (born 27 April 1972) is an Austrian singer-songwriter who had an eventful life.	Chris Gelbmann	27 April 1972
date of birth	Jana Revedin, Prof. Arch. PhD, born 1965 in Constance (D), studied architecture and urban planning in Buenos Aires, Princeton and Milan and taught at the University of Venice where she submitted her doctorate on the role of public space in the development of a democratic civic identity.	Jana Revedin	1965
date of birth	Cecilia Ekelundh (born 19 February 1978) is a Swedish golfer.	Cecilia Ekelundh	19 February 1978
date of birth	Joe Lefors (February 20, 1865 -- October 1, 1940) was a lawman in the closing years of the Old West.	Joe Lefors	1865
date of birth	Moses Mahlangu (born 1925) was a long-time supporter of the teachings of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in South Africa.	Moses Mahlangu	1925
date of birth	George Lindemann (born 1936) is an American businessman and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Southern Union, a pipeline company.	George Lindemann	1936
date of birth	Peter Abetz (born 17 December 1952) is an Australian politician who was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly at the 2008 state election, as the member for Southern River, which takes in the Perth suburbs of Canning Vale, Southern River and Huntingdale.	Peter Abetz	17 December 1952
date of birth	Kálmán Balogh (born 18 January 1959) is a Hungarian cimbalom player and leader of Kalman Balogh's Gypsy Cimbalom Band.	Kálmán Balogh	18 January 1959
date of birth	Robert Choulet (born 28 February 1935) is a French aerodynamics engineer influential in race car dynamics.	Robert Choulet	28 February 1935
date of birth	Caroline Ansink (born 8 August 1959 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch musician, music educator and composer.	Caroline Ansink	8 August 1959
date of birth	David Warlick (born 1952 in Gastonia, North Carolina) is an educator, author, programmer and public speaker.	David Warlick	1952
date of birth	Clinton Marius (born 20 August 1966 in Pietermaritzburg) is a South African writer and performer.	Clinton Marius	20 August 1966
date of birth	Baron Albert de Vleeschauwer van Braekel (1 January 1897, Nederbrakel - 24 February 1971, Kortenberg) was a Belgian politician of the Catholic Party.	Albert de Vleeschauwer	1 January 1897
date of birth	Olena Krasovska, née Ovcharova (Ukrainian: Олена Красовська, born 17 August 1976) is a Ukrainian hurdler best known for winning a silver medal at the 2004 Olympic Games with a personal best time of 12.45 seconds.	Olena Krasovska	17 August 1976
date of birth	Catherine McGuinness (born 14 November 1934) is a retired judge and activist.	Catherine McGuinness	14 November 1934
date of birth	Hamza Namira (Arabic: حمزة نمرة‎; born November 1980) is an Egyptian singer-songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.	Hamza Namira	November 1980
date of birth	Harry Lourandos (born 1945) is an Australian archaeologist, Adjunct Professor in the Department of Anthropology, Archaeology and Sociology, School of Arts and Social Sciences at James Cook University, Cairns.	Harry Lourandos	1945
date of birth	Marie Marguerite Rose (1717 - August 27, 1757) was an Guinea-born Canadian slave.	Marie Marguerite Rose	1717
date of birth	Heidi Sevdal (born 6 March 1989) is a Faroese football forward who currently plays for HB Tórshavn, after representing various other teams in the Faroese 1.	Heidi Sevdal	6 March 1989
date of birth	Joshua Gwillen Doan (1811 -- February 6, 1839) was a farmer and tanner who participated in the Upper Canada Rebellion of 1837.	Joshua Gwillen Doan	1811
date of birth	Donna M. Loring (born October 1, 1948) is an author, broadcaster, and tribal representative of the Penobscot nation in the American state of Maine.	Donna M. Loring	1948
date of birth	Doug Padgett (born Douglas Ernest Vernon Padgett, 20 July 1934) is a former English cricketer, who played more than 500 first-class matches and represented England in Tests twice, both in 1960.	Doug Padgett	20 July 1934
date of birth	John Tarring FRIBA (1806--1875) was an English Victorian ecclesiastical architect active in the mid-nineteenth century.	John Tarring	1806
date of birth	Leon Bolier (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈleːjɔn boːˈliːr); born Leendert Wouter Bolier on October 21, 1980) is a Dutch classically trained trance composer, DJ, and record producer.	Leon Bolier	1980
date of birth	John Michael Maisch (30 January 1831 Hanau, Germany - September 10, 1893) was a United States pharmacist, the ``father of adequate pharmaceutical legislation.''	John Michael Maisch	30 January 1831
date of birth	David MacGregor (born 9 June 1981) is a Scottish footballer who is currently without a club after leaving Queen's Park in July 2015.	David MacGregor	9 June 1981
date of birth	Kyriakos Papadopoulos (Greek: Κυριάκος Παπαδόπουλος; born 23 February 1992) is a Greek footballer who plays as a centre back for Bayer Leverkusen and the Greek national team.	Kyriakos Papadopoulos	23 February 1992
date of birth	András Száraz (born 2 March 1966 in Budapest) is a Hungarian former figure skater and current coach.	András Száraz	2 March 1966
date of birth	Carl Steenstrup (born 1934 in Vaasa, Finland; died November 11, 2014, in Berlin, Germany) was a Danish japanologist.	Carl Steenstrup	1934
date of birth	Lee Salk, AB, MA, PhD, (1926 - May 2, 1992) was a child psychologist and author who is credited with discovering the calming effect the sound of a heartbeat has on infants.	Lee Salk	1926
date of birth	Lasse Brun Pedersen (born 1974) is a Danish mountain bike orienteering competitor and World Champion.	Lasse Brun Pedersen	1974
date of birth	Toshinari Takaoka (高岡 寿成; born 24 September 1970 in Yamashiro, Kyoto) is a Japanese long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres, 10,000 metres and the marathon race.	Toshinari Takaoka	24 September 1970
date of birth	Yavgeniy Olhovsky (born 22 December 1983) is an Israeli pole vaulter.	Yavgeniy Olhovsky	22 December 1983
date of birth	Geoff Billington was born on 2 March 1955, and started riding at the age of nine years at a local riding school.	Geoff Billington	2 March 1955
date of birth	Zoe Sheridan (born in Adelaide, 1968) is an Australian television presenter, radio announcer and voice over artist.	Zoe Sheridan	1968
date of birth	Myma Seldon (born 9 August 1979) is a British television and radio presenter and voiceover artist.	Myma Seldon	9 August 1979
date of birth	Pierre Mollaret (10 July 1898 -- 3 December 1987) was a neurologist who made significant scientific contributions to the study of infectious diseases and neurology.	Pierre Mollaret	10 July 1898
date of birth	Jacob Chandy was born on 23 January 1910, in Kottayam, in the south Indian state of Kerala to an orthodox Christian family.	Jacob Chandy	23 January 1910
date of birth	April Bulmer (born 1963) is a Canadian poet whose poems have appeared in numerous literary magazines and anthologies, including Arc, the Malahat Review, Quills, and Ascent Aspirations.	April Bulmer	1963
date of birth	H. L. Fischer (1822--1909) (Henry Lee Fischer) was a Pennsylvania German language writer and translator.	H. L. Fischer	1822
date of birth	Anne-Elisa Alice Ducasse, born 1846 (?) in Valparaiso, (date of death unknown), was an opera singer and teacher active in Paris.	Alice Ducasse	1846
date of birth	Dave Dorman (born 1958 in Michigan) is a science fiction, horror and fantasy illustrator best known for his Star Wars artwork.	Dave Dorman	1958
date of birth	Peter Pohl (born 5 December 1940) is a Swedish author and former director and screenwriter of short films.	Peter Pohl	5 December 1940
date of birth	Robert Alan Jamieson (born 1958) is a Scottish and Shetlandic poet and novelist who grew up on the crofting community of Sandness.	Robert Alan Jamieson	1958
date of birth	Giles Duley (born 15 September 1971, Wimbledon, London, England) is a British documentary photographer and photojournalist.	Giles Duley	15 September 1971
date of birth	Hassan Katsina (31 March 1933 -- 24 July 1995) was a Nigerian Army Major General and son of Usman Nagogo, the Emir of Katsina from 1944 to 1981.	Hassan Katsina	31 March 1933
date of birth	Petrișor Voinea (born 28 May 1990) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays mainly as a midfielder.	Petrișor Voinea	28 May 1990
date of birth	Monsignor Agripino Núñez Collado (b. La Galeta, Sabana Iglesia, 9 November 1933) is a Roman Catholic clergyman and scholar from the Dominican Republic.	Agripino Núñez Collado	9 November 1933
date of birth	Edmond Panariti (born 1 June 1960) is an Albanian academic and politician, who is the former minister of foreign affairs and the minister of agriculture and rural development.	Edmond Panariti	1 June 1960
date of birth	K.K. Raghava (born 1980 in Bangalore, India) also known as Raghava KK and Raghava K K, is a contemporary artist living and working in New York and India.	K.K. Raghava	1980
date of birth	Efraín Amador Piñero (born 1947) is a Cuban guitarist, lutist, composer and professor.	Efraín Amador	1947
date of birth	Taco Dibbits (born 1968) is an art historian (VU University Amsterdam / University of Cambridge) and first came to the Rijksmuseum as curator of 17th-century painting in 2002.	Taco Dibbits	1968
date of birth	Selenia Iacchelli (born 5 June 1986) is an Italian Canadian soccer player who is allocated to the Western New York Flash of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).	Selenia Iacchelli	5 June 1986
date of birth	Willum Þór Þórsson (born 17 March 1963) is a former football player and manager who currently serves on the Alþingi, the Icelandic parliament, for the Progressive Party.	Willum Þór Þórsson	17 March 1963
date of birth	Asle Sudbø (born 3 May 1961) is a Professor of Physics at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology.	Asle Sudbø	3 May 1961
date of birth	Maharaja Shri Bettada Chamaraja Wodeyar VIII Bahadur (27 August 1759 - 6 September 1776.)	Chamaraja Wodeyar VIII	27 August 1759
date of birth	Dario Oliviero (born 12 July 1972), better known by his stage name Gabriel Garko, is an Italian actor and former fashion model.	Gabriel Garko	12 July 1972
date of birth	Asghar Qadir (Urdu: اصغر قادر; 23 July 1946), HI, SI, FPAS, is a renowned Pakistani mathematician and a prominent cosmologist, specialised in mathematical physics and physical cosmology.	Asghar Qadir	23 July 1946
date of birth	Albert Anton, Prince of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt (14 November 1641 in Rudolstadt -- 15 December 1710, ibid.)	Albert Anton, Prince of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt	14 November 1641
date of birth	Kenneth Wade, FRS (13 October 1932 -- 16 March 2014) was a British chemist, and professor emeritus at Durham University.	Kenneth Wade	13 October 1932
date of birth	György Bence (Budapest, 8 December 1941 -- 28 October 2006, Budapest) was a university professor, philosopher, dissident and political consultant.	György Bence	8 December 1941
date of birth	Ge Tian (Chinese: 葛天; pinyin: Gě Tiān; born 25 December 1988) is a Chinese actress and fashion model.	Ge Tian	25 December 1988
date of birth	William Henry Coombes (8 May 1767 -- 15 November 1850) was an English Roman Catholic priest, theologian and writer.	William Henry Coombes	8 May 1767
date of birth	Jonathan Cook (born 1965) is a British writer and a freelance journalist based in Nazareth, Israel, who writes about the Middle East, and more specifically, the Israeli--	Jonathan Cook	1965
date of birth	Jaime Vallvé (born in 1927 in Barcelona in Spain, died in 2000) was a Spanish comic strip artist who lived and worked in Denmark during most of his lifetime.	Jaime Vallvé	1927
date of birth	Romy Achituv (born 1958) is an Israeli experimental multimedia artist.	Romy Achituv	1958
date of birth	Master Gunnery Sergeant Frankie Segarra (born 1960), is the first Hispanic to reach the rank of Master Gunnery Sergeant in his Military Occupational Specialty, 0451 air delivery specialist.	Frankie Segarra	1960
date of birth	William Sitgreaves Cox (1790--1874) was a third lieutenant serving on USS Chesapeake during the War of 1812.	William Sitgreaves Cox	1790
date of birth	Edward Welch (1806-1868) was an architect born in Overton, Flintshire, in North Wales.	Edward Welch	1806
date of birth	Mihály Deák-Bárdos (born 30 January 1975) is a Hungarian amateur Greco-Roman wrestler, who played for the men's super heavyweight category.	Mihály Deák-Bárdos	30 January 1975
date of birth	Dom Francisco de Almeida (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku dɨ aɫˈmɐjðɐ)), also known as ``the Great Dom Francisco'' (ca. 1450 -- March 1, 1510), was a Portuguese nobleman, soldier and explorer.	Francisco de Almeida	1450
date of birth	Craig Ferguson (born 17 May 1962) is a Scottish-born American television host, stand-up comedian, writer, actor, director, producer and voice artist.	Craig Ferguson	17 May 1962
date of birth	Hilda Braid (3 March 1929 -- 6 November 2007) was an English actress who had a long career on British television.	Hilda Braid	3 March 1929
date of birth	Jade Faulkner (born 21 December 1993) is a competitor in rhythmic gymnastics.	Jade Faulkner	21 December 1993
date of birth	Ranveer Brar (born 8 February 1978) is an Indian chef, a host/judge for TV shows and food stylist.	Ranveer Brar	8 February 1978
date of birth	Mimi Heinrich (born 1 November 1936) is Danish actress and writer.	Mimi Heinrich	1 November 1936
date of birth	Gabriel Gabrielsen Holtsmark (1 February 1867 -- 1954) was a Norwegian educator, physicist and actuary.	Gabriel Gabrielsen Holtsmark	1 February 1867
date of birth	Neda Arnerić (Serbian Cyrillic: Неда Арнерић) (born 15 July 1953) is a Serbian actress.	Neda Arnerić	15 July 1953
date of birth	Michele Busiri Vici (2 May 1894 - 4 February 1981) was an Italian architect and urban planner, belonging to the Busiri Vici (pronounced Booseeree Veechee) family of architects who have been active since the seventeenth century.	Michele Busiri Vici	2 May 1894
date of birth	Jörg Asmussen (born 31 October 1966) is a German economist and politician who currently serves as State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs.	Jörg Asmussen	31 October 1966
date of birth	Reece Blayney (born 24 July 1985) is an Australian professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in the Queensland Cup competition.	Reece Blayney	24 July 1985
date of birth	Paula P-Orridge (born 23 February 1963), also known as Alaura O'Dell, is an English musician.	Paula P-Orridge	23 February 1963
date of birth	Ottavio Bianchi (Italian pronunciation: (otˈtavjo ˈbjaŋki); born 6 October 1943) is an Italian former football player and coach.	Ottavio Bianchi	6 October 1943
date of birth	Jean-Louis Bourgeois (born 1940) is an author and the son of artist Louise Bourgeois and art historian Robert Goldwater.	Jean-Louis Bourgeois	1940
date of birth	Rebecca Grundy (born 1990) is a cricketer for England women's cricket team.	Rebecca Grundy	1990
date of birth	Linda Aksomitis, née Linda Demyen (born 7 August 1954) is a Canadian author specialising in children's and travel literature, as well as nonfiction about the history of the snowmobile.	Linda Aksomitis	7 August 1954
date of birth	Jessica Kürten (24 November 1969) is an Irish equestrian who competes in the sport of show jumping.	Jessica Kürten	24 November 1969
date of birth	Peter Suchenwirt (c. 1320 -- 1395) was an Austrian poet and herald.	Peter Suchenwirt	1320
date of birth	Ada Andy Napaltjarri (born c. 1954) is a Warlpiri-- and Luritja--speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Ada Andy Napaltjarri	1954
date of birth	Liu Shahe (Chinese: 流沙河; born 1931 in Chengdu) is the pen name of the Chinese writer and poet Yu Xuntan (Chinese: 余勛坦).	Liu Shahe	1931
date of birth	Dick Mango (né Richard J. Mango, 15 July 1912, Pennsylvania -- 8 June 1975, Olmsted County, Minnesota) was an American bandleader, tenor saxophonist, vocalist, composer, and arranger originally from Detroit.	Dick Mango	15 July 1912
date of birth	Christophe Impens (born 9 December 1969 in Ghent) is a retired Belgian athlete who competed in middle-distance events.	Christophe Impens	9 December 1969
date of birth	Lorraine Broderick (born 1948) is an American television soap opera writer who got her start on All My Children as a protégée of the show's creator, Agnes Nixon.	Lorraine Broderick	1948
date of birth	Simon Sadler (British, b. 1968 in Solihull, West Midlands) is Professor of Architectural and Urban History in the Art History Program at the University of California, Davis.	Simon Sadler	1968
date of birth	Sara Bossio (born 7 April 1938 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan lawyer and former judge.	Sara Bossio	7 April 1938
date of birth	Thomas Pascoe (born 10 March 1847 or 1853, in Cornwall) was an Englishman who initially worked in the royal navy for 7 years and also witnessed the opening of the Suez canal.	Thomas Pascoe	10 March 1847
date of birth	Jill Bilcock (born 1948) is an Australian film editor, a member of the ASE (Australian Screen Editors), as well as the ACE (American Cinema Editors), and has edited films such as William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet, Moulin Rouge! and Road to Perdition.	Jill Bilcock	1948
date of birth	Jan Ullrich (German pronunciation: (ˈjan ˈʊlrɪç)); born 2 December 1973) is a German former professional road bicycle racer.	Jan Ullrich	2 December 1973
date of birth	Leigh Arnold (born Megan Leigh Arnold on 17 October 1979) is an Irish actress.	Leigh Arnold	17 October 1979
date of birth	Timothy Giles Paxman CMG LVO (born 15 November 1951) is a British diplomat who was Ambassador to Mexico 2005--09 and then Ambassador to Spain 2009--13.	Giles Paxman	15 November 1951
date of birth	Ben Damon (born 24 October 1980) is an Australian journalist, TV presenter and screenwriter/director.	Ben Damon	24 October 1980
date of birth	Stefan G. Bucher (born 1973) is an American writer, graphic designer and illustrator.	Stefan G. Bucher	1973
date of birth	Paul Schuss (born 23 July 1948 in Munzkirchen, Austria) is a French artist of the Ecole de Paris (School of Paris).	Paul Schuss	23 July 1948
date of birth	Mordechai Mano (Hebrew: מרדכי מנו‎) (1922, Salonika, Greece -- 1969) was an Israeli businessman and member of the Mano family shipping family.	Mordechai Mano	1922
date of birth	Marios Leousis (1936 -- 31 October 2011) was a Greek magician.	Marios Leousis	1936
date of birth	Octavian Popescu (born 25 April 1938) is a Romanian former footballer and coach known in Germany and Turkey as Popi or Pope.	Octavian Popescu	25 April 1938
date of birth	Giuseppe Moccia (22 June 1933 -- 20 August 2006) was an Italian screenwriter and film director.	Giuseppe Moccia	22 June 1933
date of birth	Renee MacRae (born Christina Catherine MacDonald, February 1940) is a Scottish woman who is missing, presumed to have been murdered.	Renee MacRae	1940
date of birth	Helen Fry (born 1967) is British historian and biographer born in Ilfracombe, North Devon.	Helen Fry	1967
date of birth	Alessio Gelsini Torresi (born 17 February 1951) is an Italian cinematographer, sometimes credited as Alessio Gelsini.	Alessio Gelsini Torresi	17 February 1951
date of birth	Yosef Ba-Gad (Hebrew: יוסף בא-גד‎, born 10 February 1932) is an Israeli former Rosh Yeshiva and politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1992 and 1996.	Yosef Ba-Gad	10 February 1932
date of birth	Kristian Cox (born 28 September 1992) is an English football striker who has played for Port Vale, Ilkeston, New Mills, Hyde, and Gresley.	Kristian Cox	28 September 1992
date of birth	Evelyn Haas, born Evelyn Traeger (born 7 April 1949) is a German former First Senate Constitutional Court judge and current Honorary Professor of Law.	Evelyn Haas	7 April 1949
date of birth	Erskine Anton Norris (born 7 January 1940 in Kirtons, Saint Philip, Barbados) is a former Barbadian high jumper.	Anton Norris	7 January 1940
date of birth	Mehmet Barış Manço (born Tosun Yusuf Mehmet Barış Manço; 2 January 1943 -- 1 February 1999), known by his stage name Barış Manço, was a Turkish rock musician, singer, songwriter, composer, and television producer.	Barış Manço	2 January 1943
date of birth	Denise Thiémard (born 24 March 1960 in Orsonnens) is a retired Swiss javelin thrower.	Denise Thiémard	24 March 1960
date of birth	Marika Nezer (Greek: Μαρίκα Νέζερ; 1906 -- July 18, 1989) was a Greek actress.	Marika Nezer	1906
date of birth	Anne Crawford Flexner (27 June 1874 -- 11 January 1955) born Anne Laziere Crawford was an American playwright.	Anne Crawford Flexner	27 June 1874
date of birth	Leann Fennelly (born 1990) is a camogie player and a student, who played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final.	Leann Fennelly	1990
date of birth	Bhimsen Thapa (Nepali: भीमसेन थापा; August 1775 -- 5 August 1839) was the mukhtiyar of Nepal (equivalent to prime minister) from 1806 to 1837.	Bhimsen Thapa	August 1775
date of birth	Kayne Lawton (born 31 May 1989) is an Australian professional rugby League footballer who currently plays for AS Carcassonne in the Elite One Championship.	Kayne Lawton	31 May 1989
date of birth	Antonio Benivieni (1443--1502) was a Florentine physician who pioneered the use of the autopsy, a postmortum dissection of a deceased patient's body used to understand the cause of death.	Antonio Benivieni	1443
date of birth	John Richard Buckland (3 August 1819 -- 13 October 1874), was an Australian school teacher and first headmaster of The Hutchins School, Tasmania.	John Richard Buckland	3 August 1819
date of birth	Viktória Kokas (born 15 November 1990 in Győr) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Veszprém Barabás KC as a right wing.	Viktória Kokas	15 November 1990
date of birth	Miao Ruilin (Chinese: 缪瑞林; pinyin: Miào Rùilín; born November 1964) is a Chinese politician currently serving as Mayor of Nanjing.	Miao Ruilin	November 1964
date of birth	Stanley Tuemler Escudero (born 10 March 1942) is a retired American diplomat who served in the U.S. foreign service in multiple capacities.	Stanley Tuemler Escudero	10 March 1942
date of birth	George Kersley, Sr. (1817-1906) was a pioneer of Western Australia in the Beverley and Dumbleyung districts.	George Kersley, Sr.	1817
date of birth	Djelloul Marbrook (born 1934 in Bou Saâda, Algeria) is a contemporary English language American poet and writer.	Djelloul Marbrook	1934
date of birth	Alassane Touré (born 9 February 1989 in Sarcelles) is a French footballer player who currently plays for Gazélec Ajaccio in Ligue 1.	Alassane Touré	9 February 1989
date of birth	Aravind Malagatti (ಕನ್ನಡ: ಅರವಿಂದ ಮಾಲಗತ್ತಿ) (1 May 1956) is a prominent Indian Dalit poet and writer writing in Kannada.	Aravind Malagatti	1 May 1956
date of birth	Kent Monkman (born 1965) is a Canadian First Nations artist of Cree and Irish ancestry.	Kent Monkman	1965
date of birth	Tam Cowan (born 21 April 1969) is a football journalist, radio and television presenter.	Tam Cowan	21 April 1969
date of birth	Marvin Essor (born 27 August 1981) is a retired Jamaican sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres.	Marvin Essor	27 August 1981
date of birth	Robert Lucy (born 20 February 1923) is a former Swiss gymnast.	Robert Lucy	20 February 1923
date of birth	Louise Shaffer (born 5 July 1942) is an American actress, script writer, and author.	Louise Shaffer	5 July 1942
date of birth	Florent Charpentier (born 1982) is a French clarinetist.	Florent Charpentier	1982
date of birth	Govind Singh Gurjar (9 March 1932 -- 6 April 2009), six-time MLA from Nasirabad (Ajmer) and former Minister of Rajasthan.	Govind Singh Gurjar	9 March 1932
date of birth	Yang Rui (simplified Chinese: 杨锐; traditional Chinese: 楊銳; pinyin: Yáng Ruì, born 2 May 1963) is the host of Dialogue on CCTV News.	Yang Rui	2 May 1963
date of birth	Harald Jockusch (* 1939 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German biologist and artist with the alias Hal Jos.	Harald Jockusch	1939
date of birth	Jean Symes (born 13 November 1986 in Johannesburg) is a South African left-handed batsman and part-time slow left arm bowler who plays for Gauteng and Scotland.	Jean Symes	13 November 1986
date of birth	Jozo Radoš (pronounced (jozo radoʃ); born 3 November 1956) is a Croatian politician currently serving as one out of 11 Croatian members of the European Parlament.	Jozo Radoš	3 November 1956
date of birth	Patrick Harrington (born 24 May 1964) is a British political activist and writer, currently general secretary of Solidarity --	Patrick Harrington	24 May 1964
date of birth	Jesse Tittsworth (born 26 February 1979), better known under his stage name Tittsworth, is an American DJ, producer, night club owner, and record label owner.	Tittsworth	26 February 1979
date of birth	Greg Rowe (born 1964) was a child actor starring in Australian films such as Storm Boy (1976) and Blue Fin (1978), both based on novels by Colin Thiele.	Greg Rowe	1964
date of birth	Hans Zhang Han (born 6 October 1984) is a Chinese actor, singer and host.	Hans Zhang	6 October 1984
date of birth	Martin Webb (Born 1970) is a British born entrepreneur and television presenter.	Martin Webb	1970
date of birth	Julian Prictoe (born 1962, London, England) is an English engineer, journalist, TV producer and professional photographer.	Julian Prictoe	1962
date of birth	Laura Forster (1858--1917) was an Australian medical doctor, surgeon and nurse noted for her service in Belgium and Russia during World War I.	Laura Forster	1858
date of birth	Xavier Davis (born 1971 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is a jazz pianist, composer, arranger, producer, and music educator who leads the Xavier Davis Trio.	Xavier Davis	1971
date of birth	Kung Tsui-chang (simplified Chinese: 孔垂长; traditional Chinese: 孔垂長; pinyin: Kǒng Chuícháng, born 1 July 1975) is the Sacrificial Official to Confucius in the Republic of China (Taiwan) and Senior Advisor to the President of the Republic of China.	Kung Tsui-chang	1 July 1975
date of birth	Rebecca Lane Hooper Eastman (23 March 1877 -- 1937) was an American suffragist, journalist, and author of short stories.	Rebecca Lane Hooper Eastman	23 March 1877
date of birth	Carl Morgan, born 1981, is a former producer of the rap group So Solid Crew.	Carl Morgan	1981
date of birth	Ken Bracewell (born 5 October 1936) is an English former professional football player and coach.	Ken Bracewell	5 October 1936
date of birth	Hu Zongxian (Chinese: 胡宗憲; November 4, 1512 -- November 25, 1565), courtesy name Ruzhen (汝貞) and art name Meilin (梅林), was a Chinese general of the Ming dynasty who presided over the government's response to the wokou pirate raids during the reign of the Jiajing Emperor.	Hu Zongxian	1512
date of birth	Alan Vaughan Lowe QC (born 1952) is a barrister and academic specialising in the field of international law.	Vaughan Lowe	1952
date of birth	Franklyn Keith Musto OBE (born 12 January 1936) is a British sailor and businessman.	Keith Musto	12 January 1936
date of birth	Anthony Marinelli (born 19 March 1959) is a classically trained American pianist, composer and conductor.	Anthony Marinelli	19 March 1959
date of birth	Lawrence W. Sherman (born Schenectady, NY, 25 October 1949) is an experimental criminologist and the founder of ``evidence-based policing.''	Lawrence W. Sherman	25 October 1949
date of birth	Michael Noel Canavan, Garda Síochána 21578C and recipient of the Scott Medal, born 1958.	Michael Noel Canavan	1958
date of birth	Vice Admiral Joseph Metcalf, III (20 December 1927 - 2 March 2007) was born in Holyoke, Massachusetts.	Joseph Metcalf, III	20 December 1927
date of birth	Phaedon Georgitsis (Greek: Φαίδων Γεωργίτσης; 26 January 1939) is a Greek actor.	Phaedon Georgitsis	26 January 1939
date of birth	Azzedine Lagab (born 18 September 1986) is an Algerian road bicycle racer for UCI Continental team Groupement Sportif des Pétroliers d´Algérie.	Azzedine Lagab	18 September 1986
date of birth	Jonathan Chait (/ˈtʃeɪt/; born 1972) is a commentator and writer for New York magazine.	Jonathan Chait	1972
date of birth	Akshay Kumar Sen was born in 1854 in a village called Maynapur in the Bankura district of Bengal to Haladhar Sen and Bidhumukhi Devi.	Akshay Kumar Sen	1854
date of birth	Federica Del Buono (born 12 December 1994) is an Italian middle-distance runner who competes mainly in track events.	Federica Del Buono	12 December 1994
date of birth	Henry Stopes (1852, Colchester -- 1902, Greenhithe) was a brewer, architect and amateur paleontologist of repute in late 19th century London.	Henry Stopes	1852
date of birth	Geoff Burrowes (born 1945) is an Australian filmmaker best known for the movie The Man from Snowy River (1982), the TV mini-series Anzacs (1985), and the Burrowes Film Group.	Geoff Burrowes	1945
date of birth	Abd Al-Rahman al-Nuaimi (Abderrahman Al Nuaimi), (born 1954) is a Qatari human rights advocate and co-founder of Alkarama.	Abd Al-Rahman al-Nuaimi	1954
date of birth	Wang Can (Chinese: 王粲; 177--217), courtesy name Zhongxuan, was a politician, scholar and poet who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Wang Can	177
date of birth	Bittor Alkiza Fernández (born 26 October 1970) is a Spanish retired footballer who played for both Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao.	Bittor Alkiza	26 October 1970
date of birth	Abraham Yakin (Hebrew: אברהם יכין‎; 1924- ) is an Israeli artist.	Abraham Yakin	1924
date of birth	Li Qiming (Chinese: 李启明) (September 1915 -- December 19, 2007) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Li Qiming	September 1915
date of birth	Sorin Antohi (born 20 August 1957) is a Romanian historian, essayist, and journalist.	Sorin Antohi	20 August 1957
date of birth	Nelly Wies-Weyrich (born 1933) is a Luxembourgian archer.	Nelly Wies-Weyrich	1933
date of birth	Kapil Muni Tiwary (born 1932) is a former professor and head of the department of Linguistics and Literature at Patna University and currently a professor of English in Yemen.	Kapil Muni Tiwary	1932
date of birth	Simon James Musk (7 January 1985) is a British professional wrestler better known by his ring name El Ligero.	El Ligero	7 January 1985
date of birth	Zachary Mason (born 1974) is a computer scientist and author.	Zachary Mason	1974
date of birth	Louis Tsatoumas (Greek: Λούης Τσάτουμας, born 12 February 1982) is a Greek long jumper.	Louis Tsatoumas	12 February 1982
date of birth	Pavlo Polubotok (Ukrainian: Павло Полуботок) (born around 1660, died on 29 December 1724), was a Cossack political and military leader and Acting Hetman of the Left-bank Ukraine between 1722 and 1724.	Pavlo Polubotok	1660
date of birth	Pietro Francesco Caccialupi (Pizzighettone, 1735 - April 19, 1814) was an Italian painter.	Pietro Francesco Caccialupi	1735
date of birth	Sonali Deraniyagala (born 1964 in Colombo) is a Sri Lankan memoirist and economist.	Sonali Deraniyagala	1964
date of birth	Melissa Breen (born 17 September 1990) is an Australian 100 metres and 200 metres runner.	Melissa Breen	17 September 1990
date of birth	Chikondi Mpulula (Born in 1993 in Malawi) is a Malawian footballer who currently plays as a striker for the Malawian football club, Blue Eagles FC of Lilongwe in the Malawi Premier Division.	Chikondi Mpulula	1993
date of birth	Mateus Alberto Contreiras Gonçalves (born 7 March 1983), commonly known as Manucho, is an Angolan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Rayo Vallecano as a striker.	Manucho	7 March 1983
date of birth	Nicholas Robinson-Baker (born 24 June 1987) is an English diver.	Nicholas Robinson-Baker	24 June 1987
date of birth	George Wharton Edwards (March 1859 -- January 18, 1950) was an American impressionist painter and illustrator, and the author of several books of travel and historical subjects.	George Wharton Edwards	1859
date of birth	Tamara van Ark (born 11 August 1974) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant and management consultant.	Tamara van Ark	11 August 1974
date of birth	Saint Peter Yu Tae-chol (유대철 베드로) (c. 1826 -- October 31, 1839) was one of the 103 canonised Korean Martyrs and a son of a government interpreter named Augustine Nyou Tjin-kil, also a martyr.	Peter Yu Tae-chol	1826
date of birth	Richard Swain (born 2 July 1975 in Tamworth, New South Wales) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Richard Swain	2 July 1975
date of birth	Masood Khalili, also Massoud Khalili and Masud Khalili (Persian: مسعود خلیلی‎; born 5 November 1950) is an Afghan diplomat, linguist and urbane poet.	Massoud Khalili	5 November 1950
date of birth	Oliver Vikalo (born 14 October 1991 Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Canadian water polo player who lives in Calgary, Canada.	Oliver Vikalo	14 October 1991
date of birth	Kálmán Ghyczy de Ghicz, Assakürt et Ablánczkürt (12 February 1808 -- 28 February 1888) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Finance between 1874 and 1875.	Kálmán Ghyczy	12 February 1808
date of birth	Christopher Odhiambo Okinda (born 15 December 1980) is a prominent Kenyan actor, film director, producer, author and radio presenter.	Christopher Odhiambo Okinda	15 December 1980
date of birth	Dominic Barton (born 1962) is a Canadian management consultant.	Dominic Barton	1962
date of birth	Gunnar Stavrum (born 24 October 1961) is a Norwegian newspaper editor and author.	Gunnar Stavrum	1961
date of birth	Elizabeth Doocey, Baroness Doocey OBE (née O'Keefe; born 2 May 1948), best known as Dee Doocey, is a British Liberal Democrat politician and businesswoman, and a former Chair of the London Assembly.	Dee Doocey	2 May 1948
date of birth	Le Roux Smith Le Roux (1914--1963), sometimes rendered LeRoux Smith LeRoux, was a South African artist, actor, broadcaster, art critic and art dealer, considered to be the most distinguished specialist muralist the country has produced.	Le Roux Smith Le Roux	1914
date of birth	Ananda Lal (born 1955) is an Indian academic and theatre critic.	Ananda Lal	1955
date of birth	Leslie James Bennett (1920 -- October 18, 2003) was a British/Canadian citizen who spend most of his working life as a counter-intelligence official, first for Britain's GCHQ, and later for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) Security Service.	Leslie James Bennett	1920
date of birth	Mott T. Greene (born 1945) is an American historian of science, and is John B. Magee Professor of Science and Values Emeritus, at the University of Puget Sound, from which he retired in 2012.	Mott T. Greene	1945
date of birth	Michael Eitan (Hebrew: מיכאל איתן; born 6 March 1944) is an Israeli politician.	Michael Eitan	6 March 1944
date of birth	Samuel Shuckford (1693?--1754) was an English cleric, antiquarian, and mythographer.	Samuel Shuckford	1693
date of birth	Nirmala Kishanchand Sadhu Singh Nagpal popularly known as Saroj Khan (born 22 November 1948) is one of the most prominent Indian dance choreographers in Hindi cinema.	Saroj Khan	22 November 1948
date of birth	Sam Winterbotham (born 1 October 1973) is a British college tennis coach and former college player.	Sam Winterbotham	1 October 1973
date of birth	Robert Racic (8 January 1964 -- 25 October 1996) was an Australian DJ and record producer.	Robert Racic	8 January 1964
date of birth	Blythe Bohnen (b. Evanston, Illinois, 1940) is an artist known for her minimalistic graphite drawings and photographs that capture the essence of motion.	Blythe Bohnen	1940
date of birth	Owen McDonnell (born 1974) is an Irish actor best known for playing Garda Sergeant Jack Driscoll in RTÉ Television's Single-Handed.	Owen McDonnell	1974
date of birth	Jovan Damjanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Joвaн Дaмjaнoвић; born 4 October 1982) is a Serbian footballer, who last played for Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Jovan Damjanović	4 October 1982
date of birth	Michael Dunbar (30 October 1863 -- 6 September 1921) was a Scottish footballer.	Michael Dunbar	30 October 1863
date of birth	Miriam Glazer-Ta'asa (Hebrew: מרים גלזר-תעסה‎, born 11 August 1929) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and 1988, and as Deputy Minister of Education and Culture from 1981 until 1984.	Miriam Glazer-Ta'asa	11 August 1929
date of birth	Bill McGovern (born 2 January 1937) is a British former auto racing driver from Ireland.	Bill McGovern	2 January 1937
date of birth	Erik Egeland (21 July 1921 -- 19 March 1996) was a Norwegian journalist and art critic.	Erik Egeland	21 July 1921
date of birth	Alessandro Cesca (born 1 December 1980) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team Rimini.	Alessandro Cesca	1 December 1980
date of birth	Sir Callum McCarthy (born 29 February 1944) is the former Chairman of the Financial Services Authority.	Callum McCarthy	29 February 1944
date of birth	Guy d'Hardelot (August 1858 -- January 7, 1936) was the pen name of Helen Rhodes (née Helen Guy), a French composer, pianist, and teacher.	Guy d'Hardelot	August 1858
date of birth	Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen (born 27 December 1947) is the former president and CEO of The Lego Group (1979--2004).	Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen	27 December 1947
date of birth	Born on 22 December 1972, Keyti, real name Cheikh Sène, is one of the first hardcore rapper emerging in the late mid-1990s in Senegal.	Keyti	1972
date of birth	Wendy Harmer (born Wendy Brown, 10 October 1955 in Yarram, Victoria) is an Australian author, children's writer, playwright and dramatist, radio show host, comedian and television personality.	Wendy Harmer	10 October 1955
date of birth	Alan LeQuire (born 1955) is an American sculptor from Nashville, Tennessee.	Alan LeQuire	1955
date of birth	Dr Dame Katherine Anderson DBE BA PhD (4 July 1903, Lytham St Annes, Lancashire -- 15 July 1979, Northallerton, Yorkshire), known as Kitty Anderson, was headmistress of North London Collegiate School from 1945-65.	Kitty Anderson	4 July 1903
date of birth	Morris Schinasi (Turkish: Moris Şinasi; 1855 -- September 10, 1928) was a wealthy American businessman in the tobacco industry and philanthropist of Ottoman origins.	Morris Schinasi	1855
date of birth	Werner von Moltke (born 24 May 1936) is a German former decathlete who won a European title in 1966 and finished second in 1962.	Werner von Moltke	24 May 1936
date of birth	Erminio Spalla (7 July 1897 -- 14 August 1971) was an Italian professional heavyweight boxer, film actor and singer.	Erminio Spalla	7 July 1897
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Mancini (1 January 1714 -- 4 January 1800) was an Italian soprano castrato, voice teacher, and author of books on singing.	Giovanni Battista Mancini	1 January 1714
date of birth	Peter Kinderman (born 1965) is professor of Clinical Psychology at the University of Liverpool, and is a Chartered Clinical Psychologist.	Peter Kinderman	1965
date of birth	Ramil Ganiyev (Рамиль Ганиев; born 23 September 1968 in Yangiabad, Surxondaryo Region) is a retired Uzbekistani decathlete of Tatar parents.	Ramil Ganiyev	23 September 1968
date of birth	Jean-Jacques Blairon (born 9 August 1947) is a Belgian musician active in the 1980s under the name J. J. Lionel.	J. J. Lionel	9 August 1947
date of birth	Gino Pivatelli (born 27 March 1933) is a former Italian footballer who played for AC Milan and was part of their European Cup victory in 1963.	Gino Pivatelli	27 March 1933
date of birth	Teresa Helena Higginson (27 May 1844 -- 15 March 1905) was a British Roman Catholic mystic.	Teresa Helena Higginson	27 May 1844
date of birth	Krystian Zalewski (born 11 April 1989 in Drawsko Pomorskie) is a Polish distance runner specialising in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Krystian Zalewski	11 April 1989
date of birth	Serge Vaudenay (born 5 April 1968) is a French cryptographer.	Serge Vaudenay	5 April 1968
date of birth	Ernie Tapai (born 14 February 1967) is a former Australian footballer who played for Stoke City.	Ernie Tapai	14 February 1967
date of birth	Nicole Billa (born 5 March 1996) is an Austrian football striker, currently playing for the TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.	Nicole Billa	5 March 1996
date of birth	Peter Nuottaniemi (born 1970) is a Swedish musician, songwriter and comic writer/artist.	Peter Nuottaniemi	1970
date of birth	Li Yifu (Chinese: 李義府; 614--666) was a chancellor of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, during the reign of Emperor Gaozong.	Li Yifu	614
date of birth	Paris Dupree (also stylized as Paris Duprée or Paris DuPree) (1950 -- August 2011) was an American drag performer and documentary participant featured in Jennie Livingston's 1990 documentary, Paris is Burning (in which was named after Paris' grand ball).	Paris Dupree	1950
date of birth	Bülent Oran (27 March 1924 -- 23 September 2004) was a Turkish screenwriter and actor.	Bülent Oran	27 March 1924
date of birth	Trond Fausa Aurvåg (born 2 December 1972) is a Norwegian actor, film director and poet.	Trond Fausa Aurvåg	2 December 1972
date of birth	Cindy Cox (born 1961) is an American composer and performer, and Professor of Music.	Cindy Cox	1961
date of birth	Giovanni Francesco Cassana (1611--1691) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Genoa.	Giovanni Francesco Cassana	1611
date of birth	Ronald Pieper (1978) is a convicted Dutch murderer.	Ronald Pieper	1978
date of birth	Sadaf Hussain (born 7 December 1989 in Chakwal) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer.	Sadaf Hussain	7 December 1989
date of birth	Mireille Hassenboehler (born 1973) is an American former professional ballet dancer who performed as a principal dancer with the Houston Ballet until 2013.	Mireille Hassenboehler	1973
date of birth	Michel de Grammont (c. 1645 -- 1686?) was a French pirate.	Michel de Grammont	1645
date of birth	Matej Centrih (born 5 September 1988) is a football player from Slovenia who plays for Radomlje.	Matej Centrih	5 September 1988
date of birth	Rhian Edwards (born 20 January 1981) is a Welsh darts player.	Rhian Edwards	20 January 1981
date of birth	Andy Nyman (born 13 April 1966) is an English actor and magician.	Andy Nyman	13 April 1966
date of birth	Gu Kailai (born 15 November 1958) is a Chinese former lawyer and businesswoman.	Gu Kailai	15 November 1958
date of birth	Gilbert Malcolm Sproat (19 April 1834 -- 4 June 1913) was a Scottish-born Canadian businessman, office holder, and author.	Gilbert Malcolm Sproat	19 April 1834
date of birth	Felix Antoine Blume (born 3 August 1984), better known as Kollegah is a German rapper.	Kollegah	3 August 1984
date of birth	Silvia Azzoni (born 3 November 1973, in Turin, Italy) is an Italian ballet dancer.	Silvia Azzoni	1973
date of birth	Shamita Das Dasgupta (Bengali : শমীতা দাশ দাশগুপ্ত, born 1949) is an Asian Indian scholar, activist, wife and mother.	Shamita Das Dasgupta	1949
date of birth	Nuri Saryal (born 2 September 1929) was rector of Middle East Technical University from 1977 to 1979.	Nuri Saryal	2 September 1929
date of birth	Min Zhen (Chinese: 閔貞; 1730--?; courtesy name Zheng Zhai 正齋) was a Chinese painter and seal carver born in Nanchang, Jiangxi, who spent most of his life in Hubei.	Min Zhen	1730
date of birth	Enver Marina (born 27 January 1977) is an Kosovan-Albanian footballer who is currently a free agent.	Enver Marina	27 January 1977
date of birth	Gillian Slovo (born 15 March 1952) is a South African-born novelist, playwright and memoirist.	Gillian Slovo	15 March 1952
date of birth	Leonard Pilkington (1527--1599) was an English academic and clergyman.	Leonard Pilkington	1527
date of birth	Honourable Justice (R) Dr. Tanzil-ur-Rahman, Tamgha-e-Imtiaz, (born 1928) is a prominent Pakistani jurist and scholar of Islamic studies.	Tanzil-ur-Rahman	1928
date of birth	Kristina Buch (born 18 January 1983) is a German artist, based in Düsseldorf and London.	Kristina Buch	1983
date of birth	Udo Kier (born Udo Kierspe; 14 October 1944) is a German actor who has appeared in over 200 films.	Udo Kier	14 October 1944
date of birth	Giuseppe Frigo (born 30 March 1935) is an Italian judge.	Giuseppe Frigo	30 March 1935
date of birth	Damien Comolli (born 13 December 1972) is a former football coach, scout and director of football.	Damien Comolli	13 December 1972
date of birth	Thomas Juth (born 31 August 1982) is a multi-Grammy Award winning mix engineer, whose discography includes artists such as:	Thomas Juth	31 August 1982
date of birth	Benjamin Abbott (1732--August 14, 1796) was a Methodist evangelist.	Benjamin Abbott	1732
date of birth	Tudor Rickards PhD (born 1941 in Pontypridd, Wales) is an author on creativity and leadership in business and management.	Tudor Rickards	1941
date of birth	Vice Admiral Sir Frederick Donald Gosling KCVO (born 2 March 1929) is a former Chairman of National Car Parks and benefactor to naval charities.	Donald Gosling	2 March 1929
date of birth	Jorien ter Mors (born 21 December 1989) is a Dutch speed skater on both short track and long track.	Jorien ter Mors	21 December 1989
date of birth	Bruce Bond (born 25 June 1954) is an American poet and creative writing educator at the University of North Texas.	Bruce Bond	25 June 1954
date of birth	Axel Ehnström is a Finnish songwriter (born on 23 October 1990 in Kirkkonummi, Finland).	Axel Ehnström	23 October 1990
date of birth	Lieutenant-General Geoffrey Walsh CBE, DSO, CD (19 August 1909 -- 3 April 1999) was a Canadian soldier and Chief of the General Staff, the head of the Canadian Army from 1961 -- 1964;	Geoffrey Walsh	19 August 1909
date of birth	Matthew Newkirk (1794--1868), was a banker, railroad executive, and civic leader in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Matthew Newkirk	1794
date of birth	Silvia Lawson Johnston née Roigt (born 1940) is the founder of the first short term rental agency in London, England, where she has lived since 1959.	Silvia Lawson Johnston	1940
date of birth	Ashley Watson (born 26 March 1984) is an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne between 2003 and 2005.	Ashley Watson	26 March 1984
date of birth	Arthur G. Miller (born 19 May 1942) is an American art historian, archaeologist and academic.	Arthur G. Miller	19 May 1942
date of birth	Akiko Fukushima (Japanese: 福嶋晃子, born 29 June 1973) is a Japanese professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.	Akiko Fukushima	29 June 1973
date of birth	Mary, Princess Eristavi (Georgian: მერი ერისთავი-შერვაშიძე; née Shervashidze; 1888 -- January 21, 1986) was a prominent Georgian aristocrat, fashion icon, and one of the earliest models of Coco Chanel.	Mary, Princess Eristavi	1888
date of birth	Rufina Amaya (1943 -- March 6, 2007) was the sole survivor of the El Mozote massacre on December 11 and December 12, 1981, in the Salvadoran department of Morazán during the Salvadoran Civil War.	Rufina Amaya	1943
date of birth	Steve A. Matthews (born 1955 in Columbia, South Carolina) is an American lawyer and unsuccessful nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.	Steve A. Matthews	1955
date of birth	Die Bautätigkeit des Kardinals Matthäus Lang von Wellenburg (1468--1540), Münster (Westf.)	Matthäus Lang von Wellenburg	1468
date of birth	Gerben Wynia (born 1958) is a Dutch literary essayist and biographer.	Gerben Wynia	1958
date of birth	Leon Dycian (Hebrew: ליאון דיציאן‎, born 17 November 1911, died 1 March 1984) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1974 and 1977.	Leon Dycian	17 November 1911
date of birth	Nelly Wicky (born 2 March 1923) is a Swiss politician of the Swiss Labour Party and former member of the Swiss National Council (1971--1975).	Nelly Wicky	2 March 1923
date of birth	Ivan Zorman (1885-1957) was a Slovene poet and composer.	Ivan Zorman	1885
date of birth	Seán Heuston, (Irish: Seán Mac Aodha 21 February 1891 -- 8 May 1916), born Jack Heuston, and sometimes referred to as J. J. Heuston, was an Irish rebel and member of Fianna Éireann who took part in the Easter Rising of 1916.	Seán Heuston	21 February 1891
date of birth	Rosi Braidotti (born 28 September 1954) is a contemporary philosopher and feminist theoretician.	Rosi Braidotti	28 September 1954
date of birth	Ziad Abu Amr (Arabic: زياد أبو عمرو‎; born 1950) is a Palestinian politician, author, and member of the Palestinian Legislative Council.	Ziad Abu Amr	1950
date of birth	Prof Very Rev Alexander Brunton DD FRSE FSA (1772 -1854) was a Scottish minister in the Church of Scotland who rose to its highest rank, Moderator of the General Assembly in 1823.	Alexander Brunton	1772
date of birth	Thomas Lever (Leaver, Leiver) (1521--1577) was an English Protestant reformer and Marian exile, one of the founders of the Puritan tendency in the Church of England.	Thomas Lever	1521
date of birth	K. Krishna Mohan (born 21 August 1984) is an Indian track and field athlete who became the first Indian to break the 14 second barrier in 110 metre hurdles.	K. Krishna Mohan	21 August 1984
date of birth	José Narciso da Cunha Rodrigues (born 1940) is a Portuguese jurist and judge at the European Court of Justice.	José Narciso da Cunha Rodrigues	1940
date of birth	Harry E. Luther (1952 -- October 17, 2012) was an American botanist, having conducted extensive botanical expeditions to USA (Florida), Mexico, Panama, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Brazil.	Harry E. Luther	1952
date of birth	Blagoje Simić (born 1 July 1960 in Bosanski Šamac, Bosnia and Herzegovina, then Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia) is a Serbian war criminal who is sentenced by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for his crimes during the Bosnia war.	Blagoje Simić	1 July 1960
date of birth	Michiel van der Heijden (born 3 January 1992 in Den Bosch) is a Dutch mountain biker and Cyclo Cross Rider.	Michiel van der Heijden	3 January 1992
date of birth	Nemanja Petrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Петровић; born 17 April 1992) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Israel club Maccabi Netanya on loan from Partizan, as a left-back.	Nemanja Petrović	17 April 1992
date of birth	Mary Helen Bowers (born 1979) is an American celebrity fitness guru, entrepreneur and former New York City Ballet dancer originally from Charlotte, North Carolina.	Mary Helen Bowers	1979
date of birth	Paddy Devlin (8 March 1925 -- 15 August 1999) was an Irish social democrat and Labour activist, a former Stormont MP, a founder of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) and a member of the 1974 Power Sharing Executive.	Paddy Devlin	8 March 1925
date of birth	Naz Edwards (born Nazig Dombalagian (Armenian: Նազիգ Դոմբալագիան) on February 2, 1952) is an American voice actress, singer, and Broadway star who is most remembered as the voice of antagonist Queen Beryl in the DiC English version of Sailor Moon.	Naz Edwards	1952
date of birth	Alexander Horváth (born 28 December 1938) is a former Slovak football player, of Hungarian ethnic origin.	Alexander Horváth	28 December 1938
date of birth	John Pringle Nichol FRSE (13 January 1804 -- 19 September 1859) was a Scottish educator, phrenologist, astronomer and economist who did much to popularise astronomy in a manner that appealed to nineteenth century tastes.	John Pringle Nichol	13 January 1804
date of birth	Paul Siegfried (born 1948) is an attorney based in New York City.	Paul Siegfried	1948
date of birth	Danniel Thomas (born 11 November 1992) is a Jamaican athlete whose specialty is the shot put.	Danniel Thomas	11 November 1992
date of birth	Martin Jacques (born 1945) is a British journalist and academic.	Martin Jacques	1945
date of birth	Egon Müller IV (born 20 August 1959), is a German winemaker and owner of the wine producer Weingut Egon Müller, Scharzhof, located just outside Wiltingen.	Egon Müller IV	20 August 1959
date of birth	Sigurd Haveland (born 30 March 1964 in Gibraltar) is a Gibraltarian triathlete and cyclist.	Sigurd Haveland	30 March 1964
date of birth	David Carnegie, 5th Earl of Northesk (11 June 1701 -- 24 June 1741) was the son of David Carnegie, 4th Earl of Northesk and Lady Margaret Wemyss.	David Carnegie, 5th Earl of Northesk	11 June 1701
date of birth	Roberto Sabatino Lopez (October 8, 1910 -- July 6, 1986), also known as Robert S. Lopez, was an Jewish-Italian-American historian of medieval European economic history.	Roberto Sabatino Lopez	1910
date of birth	Charles Erskine, Earl of Mar (19 October 1650 -- 23 May 1689) was a Scottish nobleman.	Charles Erskine, Earl of Mar	19 October 1650
date of birth	Pietro Ruffo (born 1978) is an Italian contemporary artist.	Pietro Ruffo	1978
date of birth	Albert Eric Maschwitz OBE (10 June 1901 -- 27 October 1969), sometimes credited as Holt Marvell, was an English entertainer, writer, broadcaster and broadcasting executive.	Eric Maschwitz	10 June 1901
date of birth	Dušan David Pařízek (10 August 1971) is a Czech theatre director, mostly working in German-speaking countries.	Dušan David Pařízek	1971
date of birth	William Henry Smith, 5th Viscount Hambleden, known as Henry Smith (born 18 November 1955), is a British peer, and descendant of the founders of the stationery group W H Smith.	Henry Smith, 5th Viscount Hambleden	18 November 1955
date of birth	Stevie Appleton (born 1 May 1989, Surrey, England) is a British singer, songwriter and record producer.	Stevie Appleton	1 May 1989
date of birth	Jonathan Mullin (born 1978) is an Irish journalist, former footballer and coach.	Jonathan Mullin	1978
date of birth	Li Jinjun (simplified Chinese: 李进军; traditional Chinese: 李進軍; pinyin: Lǐ Jìnjūn; born May 1956) is a Chinese diplomat and currently the Chinese Ambassador to North Korea.	Li Jinjun	1956
date of birth	Wells Mason (born 1968 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American designer and sculptor.	Wells Mason	1968
date of birth	Howard Blum (/ˈblʌm/) (born 1948) is an American author and journalist.	Howard Blum	1948
date of birth	Delyth Evans born 17 March 1958, Cardiff was the Labour National Assembly for Wales member for Mid and West Wales 2000-03.	Delyth Evans	17 March 1958
date of birth	Malcolm Nash (born 9 May 1945) is a Welsh cricket coach and former first-class cricketer.	Malcolm Nash	9 May 1945
date of birth	Alessandro Marchesini (30 April 1664 -- 27 January 1738) was an Italian painter and art merchant of the late-Baroque and Rococo, active in Northern Italy and Venice.	Alessandro Marchesini	1664
date of birth	Brian Kraft (born 1970) is an American entrepreneur and underground filmmaker primarily known for the films The Brandon Corey Story and the ten hour documentary on the collapse of the United States, The Fall of America and the Western World --	Brian Kraft	1970
date of birth	Robert Forester Mushet (1811--1891) was a British metallurgist and businessman, born on 8 April 1811, in Coleford, in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, England.	Robert Forester Mushet	8 April 1811
date of birth	Antonia Rados (born 15 June 1953 in Klagenfurt, Carinthia) is an Austrian television journalist working for RTL Television since 1993.	Antonia Rados	15 June 1953
date of birth	Nea-Stina Liljedahl (born 16 January 1993) is a Finnish footballer currently playing for FC Honka's women's team in the Naisten Liiga.	Nea-Stina Liljedahl	16 January 1993
date of birth	Deepak Tripathi, PhD, FRHistS, FRAS (born 1951) is a British historian with particular reference to South Asia, the Middle East, the Cold War and the United States in the post-Soviet world.	Deepak Tripathi	1951
date of birth	Linda Lappin is a poet, novelist, and translator born in Tennessee in 1953.	Linda Lappin	1953
date of birth	Daithí Cooney (born 1954) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.	Daithí Cooney	1954
date of birth	Glesca Marshall (1907--1987) was an actress and theatrical benefactor who was known primarily as the most enduring lover of Alla Nazimova, silent screen actress and a legend of her time.	Glesca Marshall	1907
date of birth	Maria Zuchowicz (born in Poznań, in 1930) - Polish lawyer and figure skating official - Chairperson of Appeal Commission of the International Skating Union, Vice-President of the Polish Figure Skating Associations.	Maria Zuchowicz	1930
date of birth	William Henry Monk (16 March 1823 -- 1 March 1889) was an English organist, church musician and music editor who composed popular hymn tunes, including one of the most famous, ``Eventide'', used for the hymn ``Abide with Me''.	William Henry Monk	16 March 1823
date of birth	Maya Rosa Ariana Stefanie (born 17 August 1986 in Wonosobo) better known as Maya Rosa, is an Indonesian professional tennis player.	Maya Rosa	17 August 1986
date of birth	Dirk Heidolf (b. 14 September 1976, Hohenstein) is a former German Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Dirk Heidolf	14 September 1976
date of birth	Dani real name Danielson Gomes Monteiro (born 6 February 1984) is Cape Verdean footballer.	Danielson Gomes Monteiro	6 February 1984
date of birth	Miriam Lord (b. 1962) is an Irish journalist and political sketch writer employed by The Irish Times newspaper.	Miriam Lord	1962
date of birth	Nematjan Zakirov (Russian: Нематжан Закиров; born 1 January 1962) is a former Kyrgyzstani international footballer.	Nematjan Zakirov	1 January 1962
date of birth	Janelle Smiley (born 1981) is an American ski mountaineer and mountain climber.	Janelle Smiley	1981
date of birth	Samuel Bowly (1802--1884) was an English slavery abolitionist and temperance advocate.	Samuel Bowly	1802
date of birth	Born in 1835, Kicking Bird was a Kiowa though his grandfather had been a Crow captive who was adopted by the Kiowa.	Kicking Bird	1835
date of birth	Desha Bhakta Konda Venkatappaiah or Konda Venkatappayya B.L. (Telugu: కొండా వెంకటప్పయ్య) (1866--1948) was a noted lawyer, Indian freedom fighter and politician from Andhra Pradesh., He is one of the founders and first editor of ``Krishna Patrika'', leading weekly Telugu magazine during the early 20th century.	Konda Venkatappaiah	1866
date of birth	Emil Bodnăraș (10 February 1904, in Iaslovăț, Suceava County -- 24 January 1976) was an influential Romanian Communist politician, an army officer, and a Soviet agent.	Emil Bodnăraș	10 February 1904
date of birth	Philip Salom (born 8 August 1950) is a contemporary Australian poet and novelist whose books have attracted widespread acclaim.	Philip Salom	8 August 1950
date of birth	Mohamed Ould Tolba (born 1962) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Mauritania from 2002 to 2003.	Mohamed Ould Tolba	1962
date of birth	Sadia Azmat (Urdu: عظمت سعدیہ‎; born 1987) is an English stand-up comedian of Pakistani descent.	Sadia Azmat	1987
date of birth	Pierre-Joseph van Beneden FRS FRSE FGS FZS (19 December 1809 -- 8 January 1894) was a Belgian zoologist and paleontologist.	Pierre-Joseph van Beneden	19 December 1809
date of birth	Detta O'Cathain, Baroness O'Cathain, OBE (surname pronounced oh ka-HOYN, born 2 February 1938, County Limerick) is an Irish-born British businesswoman and politician.	Detta O'Cathain, Baroness O'Cathain	2 February 1938
date of birth	Cliffton Delroy Yee Narm Ho aka Cliff Ho (born 19 December 1985) is an international VJ and TV host, writer, producer & director.	Cliff Ho	19 December 1985
date of birth	Fahrudin Radončić (pronounced (rǎdoːnt͡ʃit͡ɕ); born 24 May 1957 in Montenegro then Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian businessman and politician.	Fahrudin Radončić	24 May 1957
date of birth	Kylie Robilliard (born 11 June 1988) is an athlete from Guernsey, who most notably took part in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.	Kylie Robilliard	11 June 1988
date of birth	Carl Ertel (born 15 October 1959) is a retired German rower who won one gold and one silver medal in the coxless pairs at the world championships of 1982--1983, rowing with Ulf Sauerbrey.	Carl Ertel	15 October 1959
date of birth	Mohammad Sharif (born 1933 in Nepal), was the head of the Youth Unit, Centre for Social Development and Humanitarian Affairs at the United Nations from 1979--1987 and then became in charge of 3 sections: disability, ageing and youth sections.	Mohammad Sharif	1933
date of birth	Gitobu Imanyara (born c. 1954) is a Kenyan human rights lawyer, journalist, and politician.	Gitobu Imanyara	1954
date of birth	Bishop William Andrew Macdonell, Roman Catholic Bishop of Alexandria in Ontario, Canada was born on 30 November 1853 at Rivière-aux-Raisins, Saint Clair County, Michigan.	William Andrew Macdonell	30 November 1853
date of birth	Sudip Roy (Bengali: সুদীপ রায়)(Born 1960) is an Indian artist, pursuing arts in the Government College of Art & Craft, Kolkata.	Sudip Roy	1960
date of birth	Darcy Moore (born 25 January 1996) is an Australian rules footballer who currently plays for the Collingwood Football Club.	Darcy Moore	25 January 1996
date of birth	Liz Halliday (born 14 December 1978) is an auto racing driver, equestrian rider, and commentator.	Liz Halliday	14 December 1978
date of birth	Gilles Dreyfus (born 24 May 1951) is a French cardiac surgeon.	Gilles Dreyfus	24 May 1951
date of birth	Derek Warfield (born 1943) is an Irish singer, songwriter, historian, and a founding member of the musical group Wolfe Tones.	Derek Warfield	1943
date of birth	Sir Archibald Ross OBE (1867 - 19 March 1931) was a pioneering marine engineer.	Archibald Ross	1867
date of birth	Napoleon Sarony (March 9, 1821 -- November 9, 1896) was an American lithographer and photographer.	Napoleon Sarony	1821
date of birth	Klaus Kotter (27 May 1934 -- 13 May 2010) was a West German-German tax consultant who served as the third president of the Fédération Internationale de Bobsleigh et de Tobogganing (FIBT -- International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation), serving as interim from 1978 to 1980, then as president from 1980 to 1994.	Klaus Kotter	27 May 1934
date of birth	Ferdinand Alexander Porsche (11 December 1935 -- 5 April 2012), nicknamed ``Butzi'', son of Ferry Porsche, grandson of Ferdinand Porsche, was a German-Austrian designer whose best known product was the first Porsche 911.	Ferdinand Alexander Porsche	11 December 1935
date of birth	Fanjanteino Félix (née Rakotomalala; born 26 January 1980) is a French middle distance runner.	Fanjanteino Félix	26 January 1980
date of birth	Kelvin Graham (born 27 April 1964) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Kelvin Graham	27 April 1964
date of birth	Ante Pešić (born 27 August 1974) is a retired Croatian football player who was the bronze medalist in the 1999 Russian Top Division with PFC CSKA Moscow.	Ante Pešić	27 August 1974
date of birth	Tsai Ing-wen (Chinese: 蔡英文; pinyin: Cài Yīngwén; born 31 August 1956) is a Taiwanese politician who is the president-elect of the Republic of China, the first woman elected to the office.	Tsai Ing-wen	31 August 1956
date of birth	Guyi Shen(born 8 March 1979, in Hangzhou, China) is an entrepreneur best known as the founder and CEO of Save22, South-East Asia's largest mobile shopping application.	Guyi Shen	8 March 1979
date of birth	Akashdeep Saigal aka 'Sky Walker' (born 29 October 1974) is an Indian model and a television actor.	Akashdeep Saigal	29 October 1974
date of birth	Tallaal Adrey (born 1975) is an Australian citizen from Auburn, New South Wales sentenced to four years imprisonment in Kuwait on terrorism-related charges.	Tallaal Adrey	1975
date of birth	Ulrich Noethen (born 18 November 1959) is a German actor who has appeared in many movies and TV films.	Ulrich Noethen	18 November 1959
date of birth	Baimurat Allaberiyev (born 20 February 1971) also known as Tajik Jimmy, is a vocalist and musician from Tajikistan of Uzbek ethnic origin.	Baimurat Allaberiyev	1971
date of birth	William Birkmyre (1838 - 19 April 1900) was Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Ayr Burghs from 1892 to 1895.	William Birkmyre	1838
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Vijay Ananda Gajapathi Raju pronunciation (28 December 1905 -- 2 December 1965), better known as the Maharajkumar of Vizianagram or Vizzy, was an Indian cricketer, cricket administrator and politician.	Maharajkumar of Vizianagram	28 December 1905
date of birth	Hassan Mourhit (born 2 January 1982) is a Moroccan-Belgian long-distance runner.	Hassan Mourhit	2 January 1982
date of birth	Eddie Powell (9 March 1927 - 11 August 2000) was a British stuntman and actor.	Eddie Powell	9 March 1927
date of birth	Ty Votaw (born February 1962) is an American lawyer and an executive in the golf industry.	Ty Votaw	February 1962
date of birth	Elena Antoci (née Buhăianu, divorced Iagăr; born 16 January 1975 in Braşov) is a Romanian middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Elena Antoci	16 January 1975
date of birth	Frank Land FBCS (born 1928) is an information systems researcher and was the first United Kingdom Professor of Information Systems.	Frank Land	1928
date of birth	Fabrizio Poletti (born 13 July 1943) is a former Italian football manager and former player who played as a full-back.	Fabrizio Poletti	13 July 1943
date of birth	Claudio von Planta (born 16 September 1962) is a Swiss cameraman, director and filmmaker, based in London.	Claudio von Planta	16 September 1962
date of birth	Caroline Wilson (born Julia Caroline Wilson, 7 June 1960) is a multiple Walkley Award winning Australian sports journalist.	Caroline Wilson	7 June 1960
date of birth	Trần Huỳnh Duy Thức (born 29 November 1966) is a Vietnamese engineer, entrepreneur and human rights activist.	Trần Huỳnh Duy Thức	29 November 1966
date of birth	Italo Viglianesi (1 January 1916 -- 19 January 1995) was an Italian trade unionist politician and syndicalist.	Italo Viglianesi	1 January 1916
date of birth	Kim Sæther (born 1975 at Lille Skensved, near Køge), better known as DJ Noize is a Copenhagen-based Danish hip-hop-DJ. His company, Noizeworks places all his activities under one moniker.	DJ Noize	1975
date of birth	Maurice Manning (born 14 June 1943) is an Irish academic and former Fine Gael politician.	Maurice Manning	14 June 1943
date of birth	Vakhtang Kolbaia (Georgian: ვახტანგ ყოლბაია; born 9 September 1952) is a Georgian politician.	Vakhtang Kolbaia	9 September 1952
date of birth	Rohan Spong (born 15 September 1981) is an Australian film director and photographer.	Rohan Spong	15 September 1981
date of birth	Gerard McKeown (born 1980) is a writer from Ballymena, Northern Ireland.	Gerard McKeown	1980
date of birth	Yaronsho Ngalung (born 21, January 1978) is a social activist, scholar and a politician from the Tangkhul Naga tribe in the state of Manipur, India.	Yaronsho Ngalung	21, January 1978
date of birth	Peter Hounam (born 1944) is a British journalist who has worked for Sunday Times, Daily Mirror, the London Evening Standard, and BBC Television, as well as having published several books.	Peter Hounam	1944
date of birth	William Spetz (born 4 April 1996 in Umeå) is a Swedish comedian and television personality.	William Spetz	4 April 1996
date of birth	Abdullah CD (real name Cik Dat bin Anjang Abdullah) (born October 1923) was the Chairman and currently General Secretary of the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM).	Abdullah CD	October 1923
date of birth	B. R. Dionysius (born 1969) is an Australian poet, editor, arts administrator and educator.	B. R. Dionysius	1969
date of birth	Wang Hongyao (Chinese: 王洪尧; born November 1951) is a general (shang jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Wang Hongyao	November 1951
date of birth	Sebastjan Sovič (born 26 February 1976 in Slovenj Gradec, Slovenia) is a retired professional handball player.	Sebastjan Sovič	26 February 1976
date of birth	Lowell Fitz Randolph (7 October 1894 - 28 May 1980) was an American scientist, in the field of genetics, botany and horticulture.	Lowell Fitz Randolph	1894
date of birth	Oscar Bronner (born 14 January 1943) is an Austrian newspaper publisher and painter.	Oscar Bronner	14 January 1943
date of birth	John Sloss (born 1956) is an entertainment lawyer and film sales agent, who has executive produced over 50 films including the Academy Award-winning The Fog of War and Boys Don't Cry.	John Sloss	1956
date of birth	Simon Colosimo (born 8 January 1979) is an Australian retired football (soccer) player who played as a central defender.	Simon Colosimo	8 January 1979
date of birth	Samuel Rostill Lines (15 January 1804 -- 9 November 1833; sometimes listed as Samuel Restell Lines) was an English painter and illustrator.	Samuel Rostill Lines	15 January 1804
date of birth	Florian Opahle (born 1983) is a German rock musician best known for his work with progressive rock artist Ian Anderson of band Jethro Tull.	Florian Opahle	1983
date of birth	Stephen Stubbs (born 1951) is a lutenist and music director and has been a leading figure in the American early music scene for nearly thirty years.	Stephen Stubbs	1951
date of birth	Jackie Bird (née Macpherson, born 31 July 1962 in Bellshill, North Lanarkshire) is a Scottish journalist and newsreader, currently anchor of BBC Scotland's news programme Reporting Scotland.	Jackie Bird	31 July 1962
date of birth	Jukka Hartonen (born 14 March 1969 in Kiihtelysvaara) is an active Finnish cross country skier who competed from 1991 to 1998 and again from 2006 to present day.	Jukka Hartonen	14 March 1969
date of birth	Branko Tucak (born 19 June 1952 in Runović, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian former professional football player who last coached the Rwandan national team.	Branko Tucak	19 June 1952
date of birth	David Clarkson (born 10 September 1985) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for St Mirren, on loan from Scottish Premiership side Motherwell.	David Clarkson	10 September 1985
date of birth	Jesús Dagoberto Perdomo Chávez (b. 13 October 1967 in Santa Bárbara) is a Honduran doctor and politician.	Jesús Dagoberto Perdomo	13 October 1967
date of birth	Adela Christian Bach Bottino (born 9 May 1959) is an Argentine-Mexican actress and producer of telenovelas.	Christian Bach	9 May 1959
date of birth	Tretius Kauhangengo (born 1981), better known as Tre Van Die Kasie, most commonly referred to as Tre is a Namibian kwaito musician and rapper.	Tre Van Die Kasie	1981
date of birth	John de Silva (1857--1922) was an influential Sri Lankan playwright.	John de Silva	1857
date of birth	Lucas Miré (born 1972) is an American singer/songwriter based in Atlanta, Georgia, whose music is characterized by personal lyrics, relationship themes, and melancholy melodies.	Lucas Miré	1972
date of birth	Lawrence of Ilok (Croatian: Lovro Iločki, Hungarian: Újlaki Lőrinc; c. August 1459 -- c. June 1524) was a Croatian nobleman, a member of the Iločki noble family, very wealthy and powerful in the Kingdom of Hungary-Croatia.	Lawrence of Ilok	1459
date of birth	Ashley Horace Thorndike (1871 -- April 17, 1933) was an American educator and expert on William Shakespeare.	Ashley Horace Thorndike	1871
date of birth	Adam Frelin (born 1973) is an American artist working in sculpture., video, photography, and performance.	Adam Frelin	1973
date of birth	Ben Rahav (Hebrew: בן רהב‎; born 29 April 1989) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Hapoel Kfar Saba.	Ben Rahav	29 April 1989
date of birth	Vladimir Avilov (born 10 March 1995) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a central defender for Estonian Meistriliiga club Infonet and the Estonia national football team.	Vladimir Avilov	10 March 1995
date of birth	Robert Scott Thompson (born 1959, California) is a composer of ambient, instrumental and electroacoustic music.	Robert Scott Thompson	1959
date of birth	Abraham Petros I Ardzivian (Armenian: Աբրահամ Պետրոս Ա. Արծիւեան; 1679 - 1749) was an Armenian Catholic Catholicos Patriarch of Cilicia.	Abraham Petros I Ardzivian	1679
date of birth	Derek Kreckler is an Australian visual artist, born in Sydney in 1952.	Derek Kreckler	1952
date of birth	Ralph Cupper (born 9 August 1954) is an organist, director and composer who was born and raised in Norwich, within the county of Norfolk, England.	Ralph Cupper	9 August 1954
date of birth	Igor Crnadak (born 28 July 1972) is a Bosnian politician, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bosnia and Herzegovina since March 2015.	Igor Crnadak	28 July 1972
date of birth	Shailesh Jogia, known as ``Joe'' (born 13 November 1975) is an English former professional snooker player of Indian descent.	Shailesh Jogia	13 November 1975
date of birth	Henriette Grové (September 26, 1922 - December 15, 2009) is a South African writer of Afrikaans origin.	Henriette Grové	1922
date of birth	Alexander Gonzalez (born 1946) is the 11th president of California State University, Sacramento (Sacramento State), where he began in 2003.	Alexander Gonzalez	1946
date of birth	Joan of Artois, Countess of Foix, Viscountess of Béarn (French: Jeanne d'Artois; 1289 -- after 24 March 1350), was a French noblewoman, and the wife of Gaston I de Foix, Count of Foix, Viscount of Béarn.	Joan of Artois, Countess of Foix	1289
date of birth	Penny Spencer (born 1 January 1948) is a British actress, best remembered for her performance as coquettish schoolgirl Sharon Eversleigh in the long-running LWT television comedy series Please Sir! (1968-70).	Penny Spencer	1 January 1948
date of birth	Erik Lester Eriksson (born 16 November 1942) is a retired Swedish swimmer who won two bronze relay medals at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships.	Lester Eriksson	16 November 1942
date of birth	Anna Mei (10 July 1967) is a racing cyclist, mountain biker and a breaker of long-distance (24h) records.	Anna Mei	10 July 1967
date of birth	J. Quin Monson (born 1969) is an associate professor of political science at Brigham Young University and the director of the BYU Center for the Study of Elections and Democracy.	Quin Monson	1969
date of birth	Karel Uyttersprot (born 10 July 1949 in Denderbelle (Lebbeke)) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA.	Karel Uyttersprot	10 July 1949
date of birth	Anja Mihr (born 1969) is a German political scientist and human rights researcher, who has worked largely in the area of international human rights regimes, human rights education and within the civil society sector.	Anja Mihr	1969
date of birth	Heinz Jost (9 July 1904 -- 12 November 1964) was an SS-Brigadeführer and a Generalmajor (Brigadier General) of Police.	Heinz Jost	9 July 1904
date of birth	Tomas Maier (born 1957) is a German-born designer who is Creative Director at the Italian luxury lifestyle brand Bottega Veneta, which is part of Kering.	Tomas Maier	1957
date of birth	Sutapa Biswas (born 1962) is a British Indian conceptual artist.	Sutapa Biswas	1962
date of birth	Mary Jane Marcasiano (born September 23, 1955) is an American fashion and costume designer, film producer, and social entrepreneur.	Mary Jane Marcasiano	1955
date of birth	Gu Jinchi (Chinese: 顧金池) (February 1932 -- March 17, 2009) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Gu Jinchi	February 1932
date of birth	Mel Broughton (born 5 July 1960) is a British landscape gardener who has risen to public prominence as one of the UK's most notable animal rights advocates.	Mel Broughton	5 July 1960
date of birth	Ary Scheffer (10 February 1795 -- 15 June 1858) was a Dutch-French Romantic painter.	Ary Scheffer	10 February 1795
date of birth	Mickey Herskowitz was born as Milton Leon Herskowitz in 1933 in Houston, Texas to Herbert S. and Sarah Rheva Herskowitz, perhaps most notable as the former ghost writer to George W. Bush.	Mickey Herskowitz	1933
date of birth	Rahul Bose (born 27 July 1967) is an Indian film actor, director, screenwriter, social activist, and rugby player.	Rahul Bose	27 July 1967
date of birth	Borislav Tsonev (Bulgarian: Борислав Цонев; born on 29 April 1995) is a Bulgarian footballer.	Borislav Tsonev	29 April 1995
date of birth	Marvin Zelen (June 21, 1927 -- November 15, 2014) was Professor Emeritus of Biostatistics in the Department of Biostatistics at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health (HSPH), and Lemuel Shattuck Research Professor of Statistical Science (the first recipient).	Marvin Zelen	1927
date of birth	Guido Pedroni (21 August 1883 -- 6 February 1964) was an Italian professional footballer, who played as a forward, and football referee.	Guido Pedroni	21 August 1883
date of birth	Valeriya Kononenko (born 14 May 1990) is a Ukrainian racing cyclist.	Valeriya Kononenko	14 May 1990
date of birth	Tania Davis (born 4 July 1975) is the first violinist of the British/Australian classical crossover string quartet bond.	Tania Davis	4 July 1975
date of birth	Nanette Hassall (born 1947) is an Australian dancer, choreographer and dance teacher.	Nanette Hassall	1947
date of birth	Count László Listi de Köpcsény et Jánosháza (List, Listi, Listh, Listhy, Liszti, Liszty, Listius; 1628 -- February 16, 1662) was a Hungarian poet and criminal, who was executed for counterfeiting coins in 1662.	László Listi	1628
date of birth	Rashid Zia (born 6 April 1974 in Gujranwala, Punjab, Pakistan) is an American cricketer.	Rashid Zia	6 April 1974
date of birth	Marcello Ciorciolini (born in 1922) is an Italian screenwriter, director, playwright, television and radio author and lyricist.	Marcello Ciorciolini	1922
date of birth	Louis Ng Kok Kwang (Chinese: 黄国光; born 8 December 1978) is a Singaporean politician and founder of Animal Concerns Research and Education Society (ACRES).	Louis Ng	8 December 1978
date of birth	Henk Jaap Beentje (born 1951, Bakkum) is a Dutch botanist.	Henk Jaap Beentje	1951
date of birth	Hamdan Al Abri (born 18 April 1981 in Dubai) is a Singer/Songwriter and one of the founders and front man of Dubai-based soul band ABRI.	Hamdan Al Abri	18 April 1981
date of birth	Preethi Nair (born 1971) is a British author of Indian heritage.	Preethi Nair	1971
date of birth	Mike Hallett (born 2 July 1959) is an English former professional snooker player and television sports commentator.	Mike Hallett	2 July 1959
date of birth	Athanase Jean, better known by the name of Doctor Jean, was born on 24 November 1861 at Saint-Cesaire, Charente-Maritime, into a family of winemakers.	Athanase Jean	24 November 1861
date of birth	O. Panneerselvam (born 14 January 1951) is an Indian politician who served as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu from 2001 to 2002 and again from 2014 to 2015.	O. Panneerselvam	January 1951
date of birth	Martina Krupičková (Czech pronounced (Kru-pich-kov-ah)) (born 15 September 1975) is a Czech artist who paints in the Post-Impressionism style.	Martina Krupičková	15 September 1975
date of birth	David K. Hoadley (born 1938) is the first known storm chaser and was founder of Storm Track magazine.	David K. Hoadley	1938
date of birth	Stuart Littler (born 19 February 1979 in Higher End, Wigan, Greater Manchester, but a lifelong resident of Leigh) is an English rugby league player.	Stuart Littler	19 February 1979
date of birth	Iekeliene Stange (pronunciation: EE-kuh-LEE-nuh; born 27 July 1984) is a Dutch fashion model.	Iekeliene Stange	27 July 1984
date of birth	Sabine Everts (born 4 March 1961) is a former West German heptathlete.	Sabine Everts	4 March 1961
date of birth	Seyni N'Diaye (born 6 September 1973) is a retired Senegalese football striker formerly played with AEL FC in Cyprus.	Seyni N'Diaye	6 September 1973
date of birth	Randy DuBurke (born 1962) is an American artist best known as the author and illustrator of the Steptoe Award winning book The Moon Ring (2003) and as the illustrator of Yummy: the Last Days of a Southside Shorty (2010).	Randy DuBurke	1962
date of birth	László Lakos (born 31 August 1945) is a Hungarian veterinarian and former politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1994 and 1996.	László Lakos	31 August 1945
date of birth	Martí Guixé (born 1964) is a Spanish designer living in Barcelona and Berlin.	Martí Guixé	1964
date of birth	Povl Ahm CBE FICE FREng (26 September 1926 -- 15 May 2005) was a structural engineer and former chairman of Ove Arup & Partners.	Povl Ahm	26 September 1926
date of birth	Yves Gentet (1965--present), is a French engineer, known for inventing a process to create multicolored holograms.	Yves Gentet	1965
date of birth	Tore Pryser (born 9 January 1945) is a Norwegian historian, who has served as professor at the Lillehammer University College since 1993.	Tore Pryser	9 January 1945
date of birth	Paolo Di Canio (born 9 July 1968) is an Italian football manager and former professional footballer.	Paolo Di Canio	9 July 1968
date of birth	Faysal Ali Warabe ( pronunciation fah-EE-suhl AH-lee wah-RAH-bee) (Somali: Faysal Cali Waraabe, Arabic: فيصل علي ورابي‎) (born 1948), also spelled Faisal Ali Warabe, is a Somali engineer and politician.	Faysal Ali Warabe	1948
date of birth	Jonathan Coy is a British actor born in Hammersmith, London on 24 April 1953.	Jonathan Coy	24 April 1953
date of birth	Patricia Hooker (17 February 1933 -- 2001) was an Australian writer who worked extensively in England.	Patricia Hooker	17 February 1933
date of birth	Capt. Henry Lee I (1691--1747) was a prominent Virginian colonist, brother of Governor Thomas Lee, grandfather of Revolutionary War hero Henry ``Light Horse Harry'' Lee, and great-grandfather of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.	Henry Lee I	1691
date of birth	Michael Mahonen (born 27 April, 1964) is a Canadian actor, director and screen writer.	Michael Mahonen	27 April, 1964
date of birth	Mal Blum (born 1988) is an American songwriter and performer from New York Critics often remark on Blum's strength as a lyricist.	Mal Blum	1988
date of birth	William Lawrence Bottomley (born February 24, 1883 in New York, New York), was a noted architect in twentieth-century New York, New York, Middleburg, Virginia and Richmond, Virginia.	William Lawrence Bottomley	1883
date of birth	Zvi Malnovitzer (Hebrew: צבי מלנוביצר, born 1945) is a Jewish expressionist painter born to a Haredi, or ultra-Orthodox, religious family in Bnei Brak, Israel.	Zvi Malnovitzer	1945
date of birth	Þráinn Bertelsson (born 30 November 1944) is an Icelandic film director, writer, politician, journalist and newspaper editor.	Þráinn Bertelsson	30 November 1944
date of birth	Dion Dublin (born 22 April 1969) is an English former footballer and TV presenter.	Dion Dublin	22 April 1969
date of birth	Mayilvahanan Natarajan was born as the third child of Dr. Natarajan and Janaki on 24 December 1954.	Mayilvahanan Natarajan	24 December 1954
date of birth	Angus Gardner (born 24 August 1984) is an Australian professional rugby union referee who was appointed to the Super Rugby referees panel in 2012.	Angus Gardner	24 August 1984
date of birth	Ernest Joseph Bailly, (or Baillu,) who was born at Lille in 1753, studied first in the Academy of Ghent, then at Antwerp, and subsequently at Paris.	Ernest Joseph Bailly	1753
date of birth	Judy Jordan (b. 1961 ) is an American poet.	Judy Jordan	1961
date of birth	John Lasarus Williams (29 October 1924 -- 15 June 2004), known as John L, was a Welsh nationalist activist.	John Lasarus Williams	29 October 1924
date of birth	Michael Mailer (born 1964) is a film producer and the oldest son of Beverly Bentley and writer Norman Mailer.	Michael Mailer	1964
date of birth	Patrick Murphy Malin (1903 -- December 13, 1964) was an American activist and administrator who followed Roger Nash Baldwin as the second Executive Director of the American Civil Liberties Union.	Patrick Murphy Malin	1903
date of birth	Kanubhai Hasmukhbhai Tailor was born on 17 May 1956 in a small village of Adas, in the Kheda district of the Indian state Gujarat, in a family with meagre financial resources.	Kanubhai Hasmukhbhai Tailor	17 May 1956
date of birth	Joe Wiseman Howland, M.D., Ph.D. (21 December 1908 -- 12 October 1978) a pioneer researcher in radiation toxicity, health and safety.	Joe Wiseman Howland	21 December 1908
date of birth	Armando Aste (born 6 January 1926) is one of the most influential Italian alpinists of the postwar period.	Armando Aste	6 January 1926
date of birth	Li Shenglin (Chinese: 李盛霖; pinyin: Lǐ Shènglín; born November 1946) is a Chinese politician.	Li Shenglin	November 1946
date of birth	Alexandr Rodin, sometimes spelled as Alexander Rodin (Belarusian: Аляксандр Родзін; Belarusian pronunciation: Aliaksandr Rodzin; born 15 May 1947) is a Belarusian contemporary painter, and is currently (August 2011) residing in Berlin, Germany.	Alexandr Rodin	15 May 1947
date of birth	S’manga Khumalo (born 29 November 1985) is a South African Thoroughbred horse racing jockey.	S’manga Khumalo	29 November 1985
date of birth	Paul Van Nevel (born 4 February 1946) is a Belgian conductor, musicologist and art historian.	Paul Van Nevel	4 February 1946
date of birth	Henry Hering was an American sculptor who was born New York City on February 15, 1874 and died there on January 17, 1949.	Henry Hering	1874
date of birth	Bertil Nordahl (26 July 1917 -- 1 December 1998) was a Swedish footballer and football manager.	Bertil Nordahl	26 July 1917
date of birth	Frank Meysman (born as François Louis Virginie Meysman on 6 April 1952) is the Chairman of the travel company Thomas Cook Group plc. Frank Meysman is a Belgian national (Dutch-speaking).	Frank Meysman	6 April 1952
date of birth	Claudia Ann Wilken (born 1949) is a Senior United States federal judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.	Claudia Ann Wilken	1949
date of birth	Yep Kramer (born 15 November 1957) is a Dutch-Frisian long track and marathon speed skater.	Yep Kramer	15 November 1957
date of birth	Jim Haney (born c. 1949) was the head basketball coach at the University of Oregon in Eugene for five seasons, from 1978 to 1983.	Jim Haney	1949
date of birth	Abdallah Ben Abdel Mohsen At-Turki (Arabic: عبد الله بن عبد المحسن التركي‎, born 4 August 1940) is a Muslim religious leader from Saudi Arabia who is General Secretary of the Muslim World League.	Abdallah Ben Abdel Mohsen At-Turki	4 August 1940
date of birth	Thomas Joseph Commons (born 4 January 1950), is a senior Irish police officer (Garda 18035A) and Scott Medal recipient.	Thomas Joseph Commons	4 January 1950
date of birth	Arie W. Kruglanski (born in 1939) is a social psychologist best known for his work on Cognitive Closure.	Arie W. Kruglanski	1939
date of birth	Havva Mammadova (Azerbaijani: Həvva Məmmədova; born 1958) is a historian, professor and an Azerbaijani politician who served as the Member of National Assembly of Azerbaijan from the 122nd Khankendi electoral district.	Havva Mammadova	1958
date of birth	Alfredo Rizzo (2 January 1902 - 6 September 1991) was a French-born Italian actor, screenwriter and director.	Alfredo Rizzo	2 January 1902
date of birth	Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu (born 17 July 1993) is an English footballer who plays for Luton Town.	Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu	17 July 1993
date of birth	Ali Şaşal Vural (born 10 July 1990), is a Turkish professional football player, who is a part of Eskişehirspor squad competing at Süper Lig, as of 2015.	Ali Şaşal Vural	10 July 1990
date of birth	Runar Jørstad (born 1982) is a Norwegian journalist for NRK Dagsrevyen.	Runar Jørstad	1982
date of birth	Mustafa Hulusi (born in 1971, London, United Kingdom) is a British artist.	Mustafa Hulusi	1971
date of birth	Asif Azim (Born 15 March 1984) is an international film actor and model from Bangladesh.	Asif Azim	15 March 1984
date of birth	Margaret Daly (born 26 January 1938) was a British Conservative Party politician who represented Somerset and West Dorset in the European Parliament from 1984 to 1994.	Margaret Daly	26 January 1938
date of birth	Pietro Forquet (born 1925) is an Italian bridge player, one of the most famous in bridge history.	Pietro Forquet	1925
date of birth	Umberto Romano (born 6 January 1973) is a Swiss football player of Italian descent, he works currently as player-coach for FC Linth 04.	Umberto Romano	6 January 1973
date of birth	Carina Cruz Arenas, (born 18 April 1983), is a Colombian actress, model and designer.	Carina Cruz	18 April 1983
date of birth	Alesha Dixon (born 7 October 1978) is a British singer, dancer, rapper, model and television presenter from Welwyn Garden City, England.	Alesha Dixon	7 October 1978
date of birth	Henry Home, Lord Kames (1696 -- 27 December 1782) was a Scottish advocate, judge, philosopher, writer and agricultural improver.	Henry Home, Lord Kames	1696
date of birth	Karle Hammond (born 25 April 1974 in Widnes, Cheshire) is an English former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Karle Hammond	25 April 1974
date of birth	Siarhei Byk (Belarusian: Сергей Александрович Бык; born 8 July 1990) is a Belarusian foil fencer, member of the national team.	Siarhei Byk	8 July 1990
date of birth	Steve Hauschildt (born 1984 in Bay Village, Ohio) is an American electronic musician.	Steve Hauschildt	1984
date of birth	Declan Carr (born 30 July 1965) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.	Declan Carr	30 July 1965
date of birth	Vangelis Mantzios (Greek: Βαγγέλης Μάντζιος) (born 22 April 1983) is a Greek international footballer who currently plays for Levadiakos.	Vangelis Mantzios	22 April 1983
date of birth	Jackie Tyrrell (born 19 June 1982) is an Irish hurler who plays as a left corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.	Jackie Tyrrell	19 June 1982
date of birth	Mark Kaylor (born 11 May 1961) is a former professional British boxer.	Mark Kaylor	11 May 1961
date of birth	Major General Charles Ramsay Stirling Stein (born 1897, date of death unknown) was a Canadian Army officer who commanded the 5th Canadian (Armoured) Division during World War II.	Charles Ramsay Stirling Stein	1897
date of birth	Charles Bruce Dellit (7 November 1898 -- 21 August 1942) was an Australian architect who pioneered the Art Deco style.	Bruce Dellit	7 November 1898
date of birth	Panagiotis Stroubakos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Στρουμπάκος; born 8 September 1972 in Athens) is a retired Greek middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Panagiotis Stroubakos	8 September 1972
date of birth	James Russell Lovett (1781 -- March 17, 1864) was a merchant, contractor and political figure in Nova Scotia.	James Russell Lovett	1781
date of birth	Alfred Becker (20 August 1899 -- unknown) was a German engineer and artillery officer who served during the First and Second World Wars.	Alfred Becker	20 August 1899
date of birth	Malin Wollin, (born 8 December 1978) is a Swedish journalist, writer and blogger.	Malin Wollin	8 December 1978
date of birth	Megan Spencer (1966--present) is an Australian documentary film maker who specializes in the 'guerrilla video' style of documentary portraiture.	Megan Spencer	1966
date of birth	James L. Ziemer (born 1951) is the retired Chief Executive Officer and President of Harley-Davidson Motor Company.	James L. Ziemer	1951
date of birth	Dushica Gjorgjievska (Macedonian: Душица Ѓорѓиевска; born 28 December 1987) is a Macedonian handball player for Turkish club Zağnos SK and the Macedonian national team.	Dushica Gjorgjievska	28 December 1987
date of birth	Nancy Torresen (born 1959) is the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maine.	Nancy Torresen	1959
date of birth	Natty King, real name Kevin Christopher Roberts, was born in 1977 in Jamaica.	Natty King	1977
date of birth	Aaron Ollett (born 19 November 1992) is a professional rugby league player for Keighley Cougars.	Aaron Ollett	19 November 1992
date of birth	Betty Pariso (born Betty Slade) was born in 1956 in Cynthiana, Kentucky to Harold Coleman Slade and Dorothy Florence Slade.	Betty Pariso	1956
date of birth	Alberto Tognoli (born 26 July 1937, Brescia) is an Italian mathematician, who works on algebraic geometry.	Alberto Tognoli	26 July 1937
date of birth	Monique Gladding (born 17 June 1981 in Durban, South Africa) is a South African-born British diver.	Monique Gladding	17 June 1981
date of birth	John Munroe (1796 - 26 April 1861) was a United States soldier who was military governor of New Mexico between 1849 and 1851.	John Munroe	1796
date of birth	Countess Noemi Marone Cinzano (born 1957) is an Italian businessperson.	Noemi Marone Cinzano	1957
date of birth	Sabina Khatun (Bengali: সাবিনা খাতুন; born 25 October 1993) is a Bangladeshi international footballer who plays as a Forward for Bangladesh team and Mohammedan.	Sabina Khatun	25 October 1993
date of birth	Giosafat Barbaro (also Giosaphat or Josaphat) (1413--1494) was a member of the Venetian Barbaro family.	Giosafat Barbaro	1413
date of birth	Håkan Juholt (born 16 September 1962) is a Swedish politician who was Leader of the Social Democrats from 2011 to 2012.	Håkan Juholt	16 September 1962
date of birth	James G. Aton, best known as Jim Aton or Jimmy Aton (1925 -- September 16, 2008) was an American jazz bassist, pianist, vocalist and composer.	Jim Aton	1925
date of birth	Rohan Hancock (born 18 June 1955 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 80s.	Rohan Hancock	18 June 1955
date of birth	Charles Alfred Kellett (born circa 1820 in Plymouth, Devonshire) was a British Master Mariner famous for having sailed the Chinese Junk Keying from China, around the Cape of Good Hope to the United States and England between 1846 and 1848.	Charles Alfred Kellett	1820
date of birth	Jozef Regec (born 29 March 1965 in Kežmarok, Prešov Region) was a Czechoslovak national bicycle team member between 1986 and 1993 and Czech between 1993 and 2000.	Jozef Regec	29 March 1965
date of birth	Paul Hollander (born 1932 in Hungary) is an American political sociologist, communist studies scholar and non-fiction author.	Paul Hollander	1932
date of birth	Shane Mortimer (born 24 December 1955) is a Ngambri man with a strong connection to the local Canberra region.	Shane Mortimer	24 December 1955
date of birth	Peter Blanker (born 11 June 1939 in Delfshaven) is a Dutch singer and artist.	Peter Blanker	11 June 1939
date of birth	Brian Roy Goble, (January 4, 1957 -- December 7, 2014), also known as Wimpy Roy or Brian ``Sunny Boy Roy'' Goble, was a Canadian singer and musician.	Brian Roy Goble	1957
date of birth	Imerio Massignan (born 2 January 1937) is an Italian former professional road cyclist.	Imerio Massignan	2 January 1937
date of birth	Joseph Bell DeRemer (1871--1944), who lived and worked in Grand Forks, North Dakota, was one of the finest architects in North Dakota.	Joseph Bell DeRemer	1871
date of birth	Mario Gaspar Pérez Martínez (born 24 November 1990), known simply as Mario (Spanish pronunciation: ('maɾjo)), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a right back.	Mario Gaspar Pérez	24 November 1990
date of birth	Émile Vadbled (born 21 April 1876, date of death unknown) was a French cyclist.	Émile Vadbled	21 April 1876
date of birth	Jack McCallum (born 1949) is an American novelist and sportswriter.	Jack McCallum	1949
date of birth	Vicko Bujović (1660 -- May 6, 1709) was a Venetian military commander and captain of Perast.	Vicko Bujović	1660
date of birth	Dirk Kreimer (born 12 July 1960) is a German physicist who pioneered the Hopf-algebraic approach to quantum field theory with Alain Connes and other co-authors.	Dirk Kreimer	12 July 1960
date of birth	Virgilije Nevjestić (22 November 1935 - 25 August 2009) was a Croatian graphic artist, painter and poet who lived in Paris.	Virgilije Nevjestić	22 November 1935
date of birth	Rev. Michael C. McFarland, S.J. (born 1948) was the 31st president of the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Michael C. McFarland	1948
date of birth	Gianfranco D'Angelo (born 19 August 1936) is an Italian actor and comedian.	Gianfranco D'Angelo	19 August 1936
date of birth	Benjamin Goodfellow (12 January 1864 -- 11 June 1946) was a British solicitor and philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1923.	Benjamin Goodfellow	12 January 1864
date of birth	Mihai Olteanu (born 14 April 1980 in Piteşti) is a former Romanian footballer., he played all his career for Mioveni.	Mihai Olteanu	14 April 1980
date of birth	Moses Chamberlain Edey (1845--1919) was an Ottawa architect who designed the Aberdeen Pavilion at Lansdowne Park, a National Historic Site and the Daly Building (1905-1992) which was Ottawa's first department store.	Moses Chamberlain Edey	1845
date of birth	Sir James Oxenden, 2nd Baronet (4 April 1641 -- 29 September 1708), of Dene, Kent was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1679 and 1702.	Sir James Oxenden, 2nd Baronet	4 April 1641
date of birth	Jack Rubinacci (born Giuliano Alberto Brian Rubinacci 31 August 1975) is an Anglo-Italian singer, musician and songwriter.	Jack Rubinacci	31 August 1975
date of birth	Richard Cohn (born 1955) is a music theorist and Battell Professor of Music Theory at Yale.	Richard Cohn	1955
date of birth	Frank Irving (7 April 1925 -- August 2005) was a British aeronautical engineer, glider pilot, author and university Senior Lecturer.	Frank Irving	7 April 1925
date of birth	Céline Distel-Bonnet (born 25 May 1987) is a French athlete competing in the sprinting events.	Céline Distel-Bonnet	25 May 1987
date of birth	Birhan Getahun (born 5 September 1991 in Afar) is an Ethiopian runner.	Birhan Getahun	5 September 1991
date of birth	Mika Immonen (born 17 December 1972) is a Finnish professional pool player, nicknamed ``the Ice Man.''	Mika Immonen	17 December 1972
date of birth	Coluthur Gopalan FRCP, FRS, FAMS, FASc (born 29 November 1918) is an Indian nutritionist.	Coluthur Gopalan	29 November 1918
date of birth	Neil Barrett, (born 1986) better known by his stage name Deckscar, is a dubstep DJ and music producer from Hertfordshire, England.	Deckscar	1986
date of birth	Sonny Esslemont (born 29 December 1993) is a professional rugby league player for Hull KR. He plays as a back-rower, and is currently part of Hull KR's first team.	Sonny Esslemont	29 December 1993
date of birth	Jimmy Lusibaea (born 7 July 1970), also known as Jimmy ``Rasta'', is a Solomon Islands politician.	Jimmy Lusibaea	7 July 1970
date of birth	Charlotte Pritt (born Jan. 2, 1949) is an educator, businesswoman, and politician in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	Charlotte Pritt	1949
date of birth	Mark Pellew CVO (born 28 August 1942), a British diplomat, was Her Britannic Majesty's Ambassador to the Holy See 1998-2002.	Mark Pellew	1942
date of birth	Alex Coutinho (born 19 June 1959) is a Ugandan physician, public health advocate, academic, and Executive Director of the Infectious Diseases Institute of Makerere University.	Alex Coutinho	19 June 1959
date of birth	Yvetta Hlaváčová (born 26 May 1975) is a Czech national team member in long-distance swimming and women's world record holder from swimming the English Channel in a time of 7 h, 25 mins.	Yvetta Hlaváčová	26 May 1975
date of birth	Joseph LaDou (1938-) is an occupational and environmental medicine physician and founding editor of the International Journal of Occupational and Environmental Health.	Joseph LaDou	1938
date of birth	Ian Venables (born 1955) is a British composer of art songs and chamber music.	Ian Venables	1955
date of birth	Skip Palenik (born 1946) is an American analytical microscopist, forensic scientist, lecturer, and author.	Skip Palenik	1946
date of birth	Robert Colquhoun (20 December 1914 -- 20 September 1962) was a Scottish painter, printmaker and theatre set designer.	Robert Colquhoun	20 December 1914
date of birth	Mamdouh bin Abdulaziz (born 1940) is the former governor of the Tabuk Province and a member of Saudi royal family, House of Saud.	Mamdouh bin Abdulaziz	1940
date of birth	Odeen Ishmael (born 1948) is a veteran retired Guyanese diplomat.	Odeen Ishmael	1948
date of birth	Jan Waters (born 28 January 1937) is an English actress of the theatre, television, and film.	Jan Waters	28 January 1937
date of birth	Murari Rao Ghorpade (1699-1779), known simply as Murari Rao, was an army general in the Maratha Army from Gooty who administered the fort of Tiruchirappalli and surrounding areas from 1741 to 1743.	Murari Rao	1699
date of birth	Rupert Read (born 1966) is an academic and a Green Party politician in England.	Rupert Read	1966
date of birth	Thomas P. Riccio (born 1955) is an American multimedia artist and academic.	Thomas P. Riccio	1955
date of birth	Megan Burns (born 25 June 1986), also known as Betty Curse, is a British musician and actress.	Megan Burns	25 June 1986
date of birth	Humphrey Foulkes (1673--1737) was a Welsh priest and antiquarian.	Humphrey Foulkes	1673
date of birth	Jeannette Charles (born 15 October 1927) is a look-alike actress of Queen Elizabeth II.	Jeannette Charles	15 October 1927
date of birth	Günter Hotz (born 16 November 1931) is a German pioneer of computer science.	Günter Hotz	16 November 1931
date of birth	Florence Kwok Siu-Wan, born 25 August 1968 in Hong Kong, is a Hong Kong film and voice actress.	Florence Kwok	25 August 1968
date of birth	David Rollandini (born 6 February 1979) is an American born baseball player.	David Rollandini	6 February 1979
date of birth	Shmulik Perlman (1925 -- 24 September 2003) was an Israeli football player and manager.	Shmulik Perlman	1925
date of birth	Pat Denner (1924 -- September 25, 2011) was the designer of Vegas Vic.	Pat Denner	1924
date of birth	Claire Eagan (born 1950) is a district judge for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma.	Claire Eagan	1950
date of birth	Toplica Spasojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Топлица Спасојевић), (born 1956 in Svilajnac, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia), is a formerly President of Red Star Belgrade.	Toplica Spasojević	1956
date of birth	Julia Beljajeva (born 21 July 1992) is an Estonian épée fencer, 2013 world champion and 2014 team world silver medallist.	Julia Beljajeva	21 July 1992
date of birth	Hariss Harun (born 19 November 1990) is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Malaysia Super League side Johor Darul Ta'zim as a central midfielder.	Hariss Harun	19 November 1990
date of birth	Scott Quigg (born 9 October 1988) is a British professional boxer and the current WBA super bantamweight champion.	Scott Quigg	9 October 1988
date of birth	Olié Koffi Kan Tobie (born 7 June 1984 in Sincody) is an Ivorian footballer who last played Moroccan side Hassania Agadir.	Olié Koffi	7 June 1984
date of birth	Ahmad Allam-Mi (born 1948) is a Chadian diplomat who has been Secretary-General of the Economic Community of Central African States since 2013.	Ahmad Allam-Mi	1948
date of birth	John Jacob Zink (1886-1952) was an American architect who designed movie houses in Washington, D.C., and Baltimore.	John Jacob Zink	1886
date of birth	Sheenagh Pugh (born 20 December 1950) is a British poet, novelist and translator who writes in the English language.	Sheenagh Pugh	20 December 1950
date of birth	Gülşen Bubikoğlu (born 5 December 1954, İstanbul) is a Turkish actress, one of the leading ladies of Turkish cinema in the 1970s and into the early 1980s.	Gülşen Bubikoğlu	1954
date of birth	Oltion Luli (18 August 1969) born in Shkodër he is a former Albanian athlete, who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in the Men's 100m he finished 8th in his heat and failed to advance.	Oltion Luli	18 August 1969
date of birth	Carl Norac (born 29 June 1960) is a Walloon Belgian author of children's books and poetry.	Carl Norac	29 June 1960
date of birth	Alaa Abdulkareem Fartusi (c. 1978 -- February 10, 2008) was an Iraqi journalist for al-Furat, a Shiite-backed satellite news station.	Alaa Abdulkareem Fartusi	1978
date of birth	Boštjan Frelih (born 10 February 1993) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as left-back defender for Inter Zaprešić in the Prva HNL.	Boštjan Frelih	10 February 1993
date of birth	Mikey Mileos (born 6 December 1980) is a stand up comedian and comedy writer from Sydney, Australia who lives in Arizona, USA.	Mikey Mileos	6 December 1980
date of birth	Jessica Manley (born 1985) is a British actress who has had appearances in a number of movies and numerous plays and TV series.	Jessica Manley	1985
date of birth	Horace Finch (23 July 1906 -- 28 September 1980) was an English pianist and organist.	Horace Finch	1906
date of birth	Yvonne Ducksworth (born in 1967 in Burlington, Ontario) is a Canadian singer, actress (known for Trouble ) and TV presenter.	Yvonne Ducksworth	1967
date of birth	Sir Joseph Gurney Pease, 5th Baronet (born 16 November 1927) is a British hotelier and a Liberal Party politician.	Gurney Pease	16 November 1927
date of birth	Abraham David Sofaer (born May 6, 1938) is a former federal judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and then a Legal Adviser to the United States State Department.	Abraham David Sofaer	1938
date of birth	Eugene Kang (born 1984) is the Special Projects Coordinator and Confidential Assistant to President Barack Obama.	Eugene Kang	1984
date of birth	Ani Batikian (born 22 November 1982) is an Armenian violinist currently living in Scotland.	Ani Batikian	22 November 1982
date of birth	Yogaraj Bhat (born 8 October 1973) is an Indian Kannada film director, lyricist, producer and screenwriter.	Yogaraj Bhat	8 October 1973
date of birth	Nahum Het (Hebrew: נחום חת‎‎, born 1896, died 15 January 1990) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1955.	Nahum Het	1896
date of birth	Maksim Lukashevich (Belarusian: Максiм Лукашэвiч; Russian: Максим Лукашевич; born 28 March 1992) is a Belarusian footballer.	Maksim Lukashevich	28 March 1992
date of birth	Dr. Miklós Baranyai (1934--1997) was a Hungarian physician and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Hatvan (Heves County Constituency IV) between 1990 and 1994.	Miklós Baranyai	1934
date of birth	François Coulomb the Younger (La Ciotat, 1691 - Toulon, July 1751) was a French naval architect (ingénieur-constructeur), the son of François Coulomb the Elder.	François Coulomb the Younger	1691
date of birth	Bill Gaston (born 1953) is a Canadian novelist, playwright and short story writer.	Bill Gaston	1953
date of birth	Åsa Beckman (born 1961) is a Swedish literary critic.	Åsa Beckman	1961
date of birth	Maren Meinert (born 5 August 1973 in Rheinhausen) is a retired German football midfielder/striker and currently the coach for the German U-20 Women's squad.	Maren Meinert	5 August 1973
date of birth	Srinu Pandranki (Telugu: శ్రీను పాండ్రంకి) (born 5 October 1987) is an Indian author, short film maker and screenwriter.	Srinu Pandranki	5 October 1987
date of birth	Field Marshal Dr. Mohammed Aly Fahmy (11 October 1920 -- 11 September 1999), known as the ``father of the Egyptian Air Defense'' graduated from the Egyptian Military Academy in 1940.	Mohammed Aly Fahmy	11 October 1920
date of birth	Marek Čmejla (* 7 June 1967) A Czech entrepreneur and musician.	Marek Čmejla	7 June 1967
date of birth	Sir Joseph Child Priestley, KC, JP, DL (11 January 1862 -- 9 June 1941) was an English lawyer, active in public life in Hertfordshire.	Joseph Child Priestley	11 January 1862
date of birth	John Shiwak (1889 -- November 20, 1917) born Rigolet, Labrador, and died at Masnieres, France, when a German shell exploded killing him and six of his fellow soldiers during the First World War.	John Shiwak	1889
date of birth	Crispin S. Gregoire (born 1956, Commonwealth of Dominica) is the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for the Commonwealth of Dominica.	Crispin S. Gregoire	1956
date of birth	Dan Glass (born c. 1959) is the current president of the Kansas City Royals Major League Baseball team.	Dan Glass	1959
date of birth	Michael Barton Akehurst (1940 - 4 October 1989) was an international lawyer.	Michael Barton Akehurst	1940
date of birth	Owen Martin O'Hagan, (23 June 1950 -- 28 September 2001) was an Irish investigative journalist from Lurgan, Northern Ireland and a former member of the Official Irish Republican Army who spent much of the 1970s in prison.	Martin O'Hagan	23 June 1950
date of birth	Louis-Raphaël Bischoffsheim (22 June 1800 -- 14 November 1873) was a German banker, from the Bischoffsheim family.	Louis-Raphaël Bischoffsheim	22 June 1800
date of birth	Stanley Frederick Utz (17 May 1898 - 6 May 1974) was an Australian businessman and official of the Australian Liberal Party.	Stanley Frederick Utz	17 May 1898
date of birth	John L. Lahey (born 1946) is the president of Quinnipiac University.	John L. Lahey	1946
date of birth	Stephen Sargent Visher (1887-1967) was an American regional geographer and eugenicist.	Stephen Sargent Visher	1887
date of birth	Bert de Ruijter (born 1952), known as Leigh Blond, is a Dutch composer, singer and songwriter.	Leigh Blond	1952
date of birth	Baek Min-chul (Korean: 백민철; born 2 April 1986, in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey center.	Baek Min-chul	2 April 1986
date of birth	Tom Jaine (born 4 June 1943) is a former restaurateur, a food writer and the proprietor of Prospect Books.	Tom Jaine	1943
date of birth	Stacy McGaugh (born 11 January 1964) is an American astronomer and professor in the Department of Astronomy at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio.	Stacy McGaugh	1964
date of birth	Jean-Albin Régis (born 19 February 1912) was a French sports shooter.	Jean-Albin Régis	19 February 1912
date of birth	Jeffery John Mumford Speed CBE FRSA FInstLM FRGS (born 3 October 1936) was Director of Fundraising and the Treasurer's Department at Conservative Central Office (1995--96).	Jeffery John Mumford Speed	3 October 1936
date of birth	Lisa Castel (born 1955 in Quela, Malanje Province), is an Angolan writer and journalist.	Lisa Castel	1955
date of birth	Stewart Fellows (born 9 October 1948) is an English former professional footballer who played as a half-back in the Football League for York City, in non-League football for King's Lynn, and was on the books of Newcastle United without making a league appearance.	Stewart Fellows	9 October 1948
date of birth	Michael Laudrup (born 15 June 1964) is a retired Danish footballer and former manager of Qatar Stars League club Lekhwiya.	Michael Laudrup	15 June 1964
date of birth	Jouni Joensuu (born 26 October 1962) is a Finnish football manager currently working as the Executive Director for FC Jazz.	Jouni Joensuu	26 October 1962
date of birth	Roland Huntford (born R. Horwitch in 1927) is an author, principally of biographies of Polar explorers.	Roland Huntford	1927
date of birth	Helga Gunerius Eriksen (born 11 October 1950) is a Norwegian novelist and children's writer.	Helga Gunerius Eriksen	11 October 1950
date of birth	Ruth Emmanuella Davies (born 1967), known professionally as Rudi Davies, is an English actress, the daughter of Alan Sharp (1934-2013) and the writer, Dame Beryl Bainbridge (1932--2010).	Rudi Davies	1967
date of birth	Catherine C. Blake (born 1950) is the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland.	Catherine C. Blake	1950
date of birth	Clas Håkan Jesper Strömblad (born 28 November 1972) is a Swedish musician who is the guitarist for the bands Dimension Zero and The Resistance.	Jesper Strömblad	28 November 1972
date of birth	Clyde Apperson (born 1955) a.k.a. C was arrested on Nov. 6th 2000 for running the largest illicit LSD manufacturing operation in the history of the United States with partner William Leonard Pickard.	Clyde Apperson	1955
date of birth	James P. Hynes (born 1948) is the founder of COLT Group, one of the United Kingdom's largest telecommunications businesses.	James P. Hynes	1948
date of birth	`` Spencer Gene Settles was born in Houston, Texas on 25 February 1953 to the late Paul Silas and Martha Ann Tate Settles.	Gene Settles	1953
date of birth	Julien Alexandre Achard de Bonvouloir (10 May 1749 Passais-la-Conception - 1783) was a secret French envoy to the American colonies, in 1775.	Julien Alexandre Achard de Bonvouloir	10 May 1749
date of birth	Ama Agbeze (surname pronounced ``Ab-wear-zeh'') (born 12 November 1982 in Selly Oak, England) is an English international netball player.	Ama Agbeze	12 November 1982
date of birth	Jeremiah Hacker (1801--1895 ) was a reformer and journalist who lived and wrote in Portland, Maine from 1845 to 1866.	Jeremiah Hacker	1801
date of birth	Jung Seung-hwa (Hangul: 정승화; born 27 March 1981) is a South Korean épée fencer, individual bronze medallist and team silver medallist at the 2015 World Fencing Championships.	Jung Seung-hwa	27 March 1981
date of birth	Gelete Burka Bati (sometimes misspelled Burika, Amharic: ገለቴ ቡርቃ; born 23 January 1986) is an Ethiopian middle-distance and long-distance runner.	Gelete Burka	23 January 1986
date of birth	DJ Jurgen (born Jürgen Rijkers, 13 February 1967) is a Dutch DJ, remixer, producer, and artist.	DJ Jurgen	13 February 1967
date of birth	Thomas Gumpert (* 11 December 1952 in Lauchhammer, Brandenburg) is a German actor.	Thomas Gumpert	11 December 1952
date of birth	Jonathan Pedley (born 1962) is a British authority on wine.	Jonathan Pedley	1962
date of birth	Jin Zhenji (Chinese: 金振吉; Korean Hangul: 김진길; RR: Gim Jin-gil; born February 1959) is a Chinese politician of Korean ethnic origin.	Jin Zhenji	February 1959
date of birth	Janne Tolsa (born 7 March 1970) is a Finnish heavy metal musician.	Janne Tolsa	7 March 1970
date of birth	Ioan Luchian Mihalea (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈo̯an lukiˈan miˈhale̯a); b. 1951 -- d. 29 November 1993) was a Romanian composer, conductor and television producer.	Ioan Luchian Mihalea	1951
date of birth	Jens Weißflog (born 21 July 1964) is an East German/German former ski jumper.	Jens Weißflog	21 July 1964
date of birth	Peter Jann (born 1935) is an Austrian jurist and was a judge at the European Court of Justice from 19 January 1995 until 7 October 2009.	Peter Jann	1935
date of birth	Kieran Hanrahan is an Irish radio host and musician, born in Ennis, Co. Clare in 1957.	Kieran Hanrahan	1957
date of birth	Christopher John Rocco (born July 9, 1967) is an American illustrator of book covers and children's books.	John Rocco	1967
date of birth	DJ Clazzi (born Kim Sung Hoon; 15 November 1974), also known simply as Clazzi, is a South Korean electronica musician.	DJ Clazzi	15 November 1974
date of birth	Andrew Giddings (born 10 July 1963) is an English keyboardist and was a member of Jethro Tull from 1991 to 2007.	Andrew Giddings	10 July 1963
date of birth	Ilya Nikkolai (born 25 September 1939 in Kiev, Ukraine) is an Australian visual music artist and architectural designer currently residing in Perth, Western Australia.	Ilya Nikkolai	25 September 1939
date of birth	Brad Adkins (born 1973 in Kalispell, Montana) is a self-taught American artist and curator currently residing in Portland, Oregon.	Brad Adkins	1973
date of birth	Constance Isabel Smith (born June 1894, Battersea, London) was a popular British novelist.	Constance Isabel Smith	June 1894
date of birth	Marvin Goldstein (born 1950) is an acclaimed professional pianist and performer.	Marvin Goldstein	1950
date of birth	Ato (Mr.) Mersha Nahusenay (አቶ መርሻ ናሁሠናይ) was born about 1850 near the town of Ankober, the former capital of Shewa.	Mersha Nahusenay	1850
date of birth	Rodrigo Archubi (born 6 June 1985 in Remedios de Escalada) is an Argentine football winger, who plays for Deportes La Serena.	Rodrigo Archubi	6 June 1985
date of birth	Abigail Ozora Simpson (born 1964) is a contemporary sculptor working in clay.	Abigail Ozora Simpson	1964
date of birth	Marcel Dallemagne (born c. 1898) was a French professional golfer who won several prestigious tournaments in Europe in the 1930s and 1940s.	Marcel Dallemagne	1898
date of birth	Herman Armour Webster (b. New York City, 6 April 1878; d. 1970) was an American artist.	Herman Armour Webster	6 April 1878
date of birth	Thomas J. Wilson (born 1958) is chairman, president and chief executive officer of The Allstate Corporation and Allstate Insurance Company.	Thomas J. Wilson	1958
date of birth	Katherine Frances ``Katy'' Brand (born 13 January 1979) is an English actress, comedian and writer, known for her ITV2 series Katy Brand's Big Ass Show and for Comedy Lab Slap on Channel 4.	Katy Brand	13 January 1979
date of birth	Susanna Carson Rijnhart, (1868-1908), better known as Susie Rijnhart or ``Doctor Susie,'' was a Canadian medical doctor, Protestant missionary, and Tibetan explorer.	Susanna Carson Rijnhart	1868
date of birth	Romulo Royo is a contemporary artist, born in 1976 in Zaragoza (Spain).	Romulo Royo	1976
date of birth	Geoff Angus (born 19 August 1948) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the VFL.	Geoff Angus	19 August 1948
date of birth	Nigel Roder, (born 1967), also known professionally as Kester the Jester, was designated the official ``State Jester'' of England in 2004 by English Heritage.	Nigel Roder	1967
date of birth	Wolf Henzler (born 5 April 1975) is a German professional racing driver known for his success with Porsches.	Wolf Henzler	5 April 1975
date of birth	Alfonso Quijada Urías (born 8 December 1940), is a Salvadoran poet and an author.	Alfonso Quijada Urías	8 December 1940
date of birth	Francis Aungier, 1st Baron Aungier of Longford (1558--1632), also known as Lord Aungier, was the progenitor of the Earldom of Longford, member of the House of Lords, Privy Councillor for Ireland, and Master of the Rolls in Ireland under James I and Charles I.	Francis Aungier, 1st Baron Aungier of Longford	1558
date of birth	Jesper Christensen (Danish pronunciation: (jesb̥ɐ ˈkʰʁɛsd̥n̩sn̩); born 16 May 1948) is a Danish actor.	Jesper Christensen	16 May 1948
date of birth	Nayda Collazo-Llorens (born 1968 in San Juan, PR) is a visual artist whose work spans drawing, painting, printmaking, installation, video, and public art. Her work combines images, sound, and text to investigate how the mind processes information.	Nayda Collazo-Llorens	1968
date of birth	Peter Brabrook (born 8 November 1937) is an English former footballer who made nearly 500 appearances in the Football League playing for Chelsea, West Ham United and Orient, and was capped three times for the England national team.	Peter Brabrook	8 November 1937
date of birth	Goreti Venkanna (born 1963) is a popular Indian poet and folk singer.	Goreti Venkanna	1963
date of birth	Mihret Abebe (born 1988) is an Ethiopian beauty queen.	Mihret Abebe	1988
date of birth	Felicity Dean (born 24 January 1959) is a British actress who is critically acclaimed in both film and stage.	Felicity Dean	24 January 1959
date of birth	Július Schubert (also known as Schubert Gyula; 12 December 1922 -- 4 May 1949) was a Slovak-Hungarian football player.	Július Schubert	12 December 1922
date of birth	Joseph Lytle Moore (1826 -- December 1, 1871) was an Irish-born lawyer and political figure in New Brunswick.	Joseph Lytle Moore	1826
date of birth	Amiri Kurdi (Greek: Αμίρι Κούρντι, born 11 September 1991) is a professional Greek-Saudi Arabian football player, currently playing for Al Ahli.	Amiri Kurdi	11 September 1991
date of birth	Andrey Yuryevich Yudin (born 11 June 1967) is a former Russian futsal player and current head coach of Dina Moscow.	Andrey Yuryevich Yudin	11 June 1967
date of birth	Hilario Chi Canul (Born 16 October 1981) is a Mexican linguist of Maya ethnicity who worked as a translator and Yucatec Maya language coach in the production of the 2006 movie Apocalypto by Mel Gibson.	Hilario Chi Canul	16 October 1981
date of birth	Estelle Winwood (24 January 1883 -- 20 June 1984) was an English stage and film actress who moved to the United States in mid-career and became celebrated for her wit and longevity.	Estelle Winwood	24 January 1883
date of birth	Derwyn Jones (born 14 November 1970 Carmarthen, Wales) is a former professional Welsh rugby union player and Welsh international.	Derwyn Jones	14 November 1970
date of birth	Michael Jolley (born 30 March 1977) is an English professional football coach, who works for Burnley FC as U21 Manager.	Michael Jolley	30 March 1977
date of birth	Miles Bland (1786--1868) was an English cleric and mathematician.	Miles Bland	1786
date of birth	Andreas Zick (born 1962) is professor of Socialization and Conflict Research at Faculty of Education Science, Bielefeld University.	Andreas Zick	1962
date of birth	Richard Durrant, Dip RCM, ARCM, FLCM (born 2 November 1962) is an English guitarist & multi-instrumentalist.	Richard Durrant	2 November 1962
date of birth	Steve Selvin (born 1941) is a professor of biostatistics at UC Berkeley.	Steve Selvin	1941
date of birth	Zoltan Hajos (born 3 March 1926) is a Hungarian-born and trained American organic chemist.	Zoltan Hajos	3 March 1926
date of birth	Annmarie Adams (born 1960) is an architectural historian and university professor.	Annmarie Adams	1960
date of birth	Israel Militosyan (Armenian: Իսրայել Միլիտոսյան, born 17 August 1968) is an Armenian former weightlifter.	Israel Militosyan	17 August 1968
date of birth	Andy Reay (born 1 April 1983 in Hillingdon) is an English rugby union player for Moseley in the Aviva Championship.	Andy Reay	1 April 1983
date of birth	Alpheus P. Hodges (1821 - July 29, 1858) was the first Mayor of Los Angeles, California after the city was incorporated on April 4, 1850.	Alpheus P. Hodges	1821
date of birth	Laila Bērziņa (born 1965) is a deputy of Līgatne City Council belonging to the New Era Party, currently she also work as a school teacher.	Laila Bērziņa	1965
date of birth	Tim Okamura (born 1968 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a contemporary Canadian painter known for his depiction of African-American and minority subjects in urban settings, and his combination of graffiti and realism.	Tim Okamura	1968
date of birth	Chris Calhoun, a Korean War veteran, was born in Opa-locka, Florida in 1934.	Chris Calhoun	1934
date of birth	Gédéon Foulquier (1855-1941), was a French entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera.	Gédéon Foulquier	1855
date of birth	Rear Admiral (Rtd) Mohan Wijewickrama RSP, VSV, USP, ndc, psc (b. 12 June 1953) was the Governor of Eastern Province, (2007--2015).	Mohan Wijewickrama	12 June 1953
date of birth	Vít Valenta (born 4 January 1984 in Uherské Hradiště) is a former Czech professional football player.	Vít Valenta	4 January 1984
date of birth	George Claude Lockhart (1885--1979) was the first ringmaster to wear the ``pink'' hunter tails and top hat, and was referred to in his World's Fair obituary as ``The Doyen of Ringmasters''.	George Claude Lockhart	1885
date of birth	Zhang Beisan (Chinese: 张备三, born 1952), Chinese diplomat, is the former Ambassador to Angola and Portugal of the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Beisan	1952
date of birth	Haukur Ingi Guðnason (born 8 September 1978, in Keflavik) is a retired Icelandic footballer who last played for Grindavík.	Haukur Ingi Guðnason	8 September 1978
date of birth	Grace Birungi (born 10 October 1973) is an Ugandan runner who specialized in the 800 metres and to a lesser extent 400 metres.	Grace Birungi	10 October 1973
date of birth	Herbert Sutcliffe (born 24 November 1894 at Summerbridge, Nidderdale, West Riding of Yorkshire; died 22 January 1978 at Cross Hills, North Yorkshire) was an English professional cricketer who represented Yorkshire and England as an opening batsman.	Herbert Sutcliffe	24 November 1894
date of birth	Jadielson da Silva Almeida (June 11, 1984 -- April 19, 2012), better known by his stage name MC Primo, was a Brazilian singer.	MC Primo	1984
date of birth	Hasan Iğsız (born 1946, Istanbul, Turkey) is a retired General in the Turkish Army.	Hasan Iğsız	1946
date of birth	Hammadullah Khan (or Hammad Ullah Khan; born 1 October 1981) is a Pakistani-born Malaysian cricketer.	Hammadullah Khan	1 October 1981
date of birth	Robert R. Nathan (1908--2001) was a noted American economist who was heavily involved in US industrial mobilization during World War II. Prior to the war he had worked with the Commerce Department but was appointed chair of the War Production Board's planning committee in 1942.	Robert R. Nathan	1908
date of birth	Frano Mlinar (born 30 March 1992) is a Croatian football player currently playing for Inter Zaprešić, on loan from Granada CF.	Frano Mlinar	30 March 1992
date of birth	Yin T. Hsieh (Traditional Chinese: 謝英鐸) (Taiwan, 14 April 1929) is a Taiwanese scientist based in Dominican Republic.	Yin T. Hsieh	14 April 1929
date of birth	Riyad Mahrez (Arabic: رياض محرز‎; born 21 February 1991) is a professional footballer who plays for English club Leicester City and the Algerian national team as a winger.	Riyad Mahrez	21 February 1991
date of birth	Stanisław Krusiński (1 May 1857, Posiołkach, Saratov Governorate -- 24 January 1886, Kazan) was a Polish economist, sociologist and political activists.	Stanisław Krusiński	1 May 1857
date of birth	Elisabeth López Valledor (born 27 January 1975) is a Spanish team handball player who played for the club BM Sagunto and on the Spanish national team.	Elisabeth López	27 January 1975
date of birth	Lasha Nozadze (Georgian: ლაშა ნოზაძე, born 18 March 1980) is a Georgian professional football player.	Lasha Nozadze	18 March 1980
date of birth	Ronny Douek (Hebrew: רוני דואק‎) known as Roni Duek (born 1958, Haifa) is an Israeli businessman, social entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Ronny Douek	1958
date of birth	Heinrich Wilhelm Ernst (8 June 1812 -- 8 October 1865) was a Moravian-Jewish violinist, violist and composer.	Heinrich Wilhelm Ernst	8 June 1812
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Bassani (ca. 1650 -- 1 October 1716) was an Italian composer, violinist, and organist.	Giovanni Battista Bassani	1650
date of birth	Shlomi Avisidris (Hebrew: שלומי אביסידריס‎; born 14 May 1989) is an Israeli footballer.	Shlomi Avisidris	14 May 1989
date of birth	Jürgen Paeke (born 13 September 1948 in Biesenthal) is a German gymnast and competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo.	Jürgen Paeke	13 September 1948
date of birth	Melinda Gainsford-Taylor (born 1 October 1971 in Narromine, New South Wales) is a retired Australian athlete, who specialised in sprint events.	Melinda Gainsford-Taylor	1 October 1971
date of birth	Kadavoor Sivadasan (also known as K. Sivadasan) (born on 11 March 1932) in Kadavoor, Kerala is an advocate, political worker and trade unionist from Kerala, India.	Kadavoor Sivadasan	11 March 1932
date of birth	Illugi Gunnarsson (born 26 August 1967) is an Icelandic politician and member of Althing (Icelands's parliament) and the Minister of Education, Science and Culture.	Illugi Gunnarsson	26 August 1967
date of birth	Álex Palou Montalbo (born 1 April 1997) is a Spanish racing driver born in Sant Antoni de Vilajamajor, Spain.	Álex Palou	1 April 1997
date of birth	Arlo West (born 1958, Oquossoc, Maine, United States) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter.	Arlo West	1958
date of birth	Roland Orzabal (born 22 August 1961) is a British musician, songwriter and record producer.	Roland Orzabal	22 August 1961
date of birth	Neil Martin (born 20 October 1940) is a Scottish former football player, who scored 100 league goals in both Scotland and England and won three full international caps for Scotland in the 1960s and 1970s.	Neil Martin	20 October 1940
date of birth	Leslie Tomkins (born 1948) is an English art director.	Leslie Tomkins	1948
date of birth	Gerd Grønvold Saue (born 20 January 1930) is a Norwegian journalist, literary critic, novelist, psalm writer and peace activist.	Gerd Grønvold Saue	20 January 1930
date of birth	Joy McKean OAM, born January 14, 1930, is an Australian country music singer-songwriter and wife of the late Slim Dusty.	Joy McKean	1930
date of birth	Carson Cole (born 1965) is a Canadian folk singer, and lyricist.	Carson Cole	1965
date of birth	Born in 1941, Clive Coates worked for The Wine Society in Stevenage in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Clive Coates	1941
date of birth	Glenn Riley (born 21 September 1992) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a prop for London Broncos.	Glenn Riley	21 September 1992
date of birth	Sarah Beth Briggs (born Newcastle upon Tyne, 2 June 1972) is a British classical pianist.	Sarah Beth Briggs	1972
date of birth	Andrew Stuart Murray McCall (born 10 June 1964), usually known as Stuart McCall, is a football player and manager.	Stuart McCall	10 June 1964
date of birth	Martin Matupi (born 26 November 1942) is a Malawian former triple jumper.	Martin Matupi	26 November 1942
date of birth	Gene Kemp née Rushton (27 December 1926 -- 4 January 2015) was a British author best known for her children's books.	Gene Kemp	27 December 1926
date of birth	Lorraine Bowen (born 31 October 1961) is an English singer, songwriter, comedian and musician.	Lorraine Bowen	31 October 1961
date of birth	Karl-Henrik Robèrt, M.D., Ph.D. (born 1947), is a Swedish cancer scientist and an important figure in the worldwide sustainability movement.	Karl-Henrik Robèrt	1947
date of birth	Britta Steffen (born 16 November 1983) is a German competitive swimmer who specializes in freestyle sprint events.	Britta Steffen	16 November 1983
date of birth	Pragathi Guruprasad (Tamil:ப்ரகதி குருப்ரசாத்; born 14 September 1997) is an Indian playback singer who has worked on Tamil language films.	Pragathi Guruprasad	14 September 1997
date of birth	Artur Lima (born 23 May 1963, Santa Cruz), is a former dentist and politician, leader of the Azorean CDS-PP.	Artur Lima	23 May 1963
date of birth	Katie Crowley (born 12 September 1982) plays for England women's national basketball team.	Katie Crowley	12 September 1982
date of birth	Edward Sorel (born Edward Schwartz, 26 March 1929, the Bronx) is an illustrator, caricaturist, cartoonist, and graphic designer whose work is known for its storytelling, its left-liberal social commentary its criticism of reactionary right-wing politics and organized religion.	Edward Sorel	26 March 1929
date of birth	Christin Macri (born 28 August 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Central District in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Christin Macri	28 August 1974
date of birth	Francisco Javier Mayorga Castañeda (born on 17 April 1951) is a Mexican businessman and politician who serves as Secretary of Agriculture in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón since 7 September 2009.	Francisco Javier Mayorga Castañeda	17 April 1951
date of birth	Ryszard Kaczorowski, GCMG (ˈrɨʂart kat͡ʂɔˈrɔfskʲi) (26 November 1919 -- 10 April 2010) was a Polish statesman.	Ryszard Kaczorowski	26 November 1919
date of birth	Andrea Brady (born 1974 in Philadelphia) is an American poet and lecturer at Queen Mary.	Andrea Brady	1974
date of birth	Vice Admiral Thomas Davers (1689 -- 16 September 1746) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Commander-in-Chief of the Jamaica Station.	Thomas Davers	1689
date of birth	Daphne Phelps (23 June 1911 -- 30 November 2005) was a British writer who spent most of her life in Taormina, Sicily.	Daphne Phelps	1911
date of birth	Derek Foran (born 9 October 1989) is an Irish footballer currently playing for Sacramento Republic.	Derek Foran	9 October 1989
date of birth	Cyril Roger (27 December 1921 - 26 May 2015) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider reached the final of Speedway World Championship five times.	Cyril Roger	27 December 1921
date of birth	John Elson Mkangala (born 25 December 1962) is a Malawian lightweight boxer.	John Elson Mkangala	25 December 1962
date of birth	Lynn Morris (born 1954) is a Christian fiction author.	Lynn Morris	1954
date of birth	Enamul Hoque (Bengali: এনামুল হক); born 3 November 1968) is a Bangladeshi-born British photographer, filmmaker and artist based in London.	Enamul Hoque	3 November 1968
date of birth	Chang Fu-mei (Chinese: 張富美; pinyin: Zhāng Fùměi, born 10 October 1938) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chang Fu-mei	10 October 1938
date of birth	Robert Topham (3 November 1867 -- 31 August 1931) was an English international footballer, who played as an outside right.	Robert Topham	3 November 1867
date of birth	Christina Ong (née Fu, born 1948), also known as the ``Queen of Bond Street'' is a Singaporean businesswoman.	Christina Ong	1948
date of birth	Stuart Mitchell (born 21 December 1965) is a Scottish pianist and composer, best known for his Seven Wonders Suite (2001).	Stuart Mitchell	21 December 1965
date of birth	Ben Gledhill (born 18 September 1989) is an English rugby league footballer who played for Wakefield Trinity and Salford of Super League.	Ben Gledhill	18 September 1989
date of birth	Im Suosdey (Khmer: អ៊ឹម សួស្ដី; born 28 September 1950) is the current Chairman of the National Election Committee of Cambodia, incumbent since 2002.	Im Suosdey	28 September 1950
date of birth	Philip Ardagh (born 11 September 1961, Kent) is an English children's author, primarily known for the Eddie Dickens series of books.	Philip Ardagh	11 September 1961
date of birth	Laura Leiner (born 22 April 1985) is a Hungarian writer who made her publishing debut in 2005.	Laura Leiner	22 April 1985
date of birth	Ali Kibar (born 1958) is a Turkish businessman and diplomat.	Ali Kibar	1958
date of birth	Lew Yates (born June 1947 in Sutton, St Helens) also known as Wild Thing, was a boxer, doorman, bareknuckle and unlicensed fighter and all round hardman, associated with the fighting and criminal fraternity.	Lew Yates	June 1947
date of birth	Baruch Abuhatzeira (born 1941), also known as Baba Baruch, is an Israeli Kabbalist rabbi and spiritual adviser who operates in Netivot, a blue-collar town in southern Israel.	Baruch Abuhatzeira	1941
date of birth	Mohammed Abduba Dida (born 1974) is a Kenyan teacher who vied for the country's presidency in the 2013 presidential elections on an Alliance of Real Change party ticket.	Mohammed Abduba Dida	1974
date of birth	Patrick Henry Weathers (born 1870), commonly known as P.H. Weathers, was an architect of Jackson, Mississippi.	P.H. Weathers	1870
date of birth	Øivind Larsen (born 6 September 1938) is a Norwegian physician and Professor Emeritus of history of medicine at the University of Oslo.	Øivind Larsen	6 September 1938
date of birth	Mark Camphouse (born 1954 in Oak Park, Illinois) is an American composer and conductor who has written primarily for symphonic winds, but whose output also includes works for orchestra, choir and chamber brass.	Mark Camphouse	1954
date of birth	John Wooler (born 1958) is a producer, former record label executive, and co-founder of Exolution.	John Wooler	1958
date of birth	Andros Kyprianou (Greek: Άνδρος Κυπριανού; 26 October 1955) is a Cypriot politician.	Andros Kyprianou	26 October 1955
date of birth	Stuart J Edelstein (born 1941) is a biophysicist, emeritus professor from the University of Geneva, professeur extraordinaire at the École Normale Supérieure and visiting scientist at the Babraham Institute.	Stuart J Edelstein	1941
date of birth	Simon Wickham-Smith (born Rustington, East Sussex, 2 February 1968) is a British musician, translator, academic and sometime astrologer.	Simon Wickham-Smith	2 February 1968
date of birth	Alan Tarney (born 19 November 1945) is an English songwriter, record producer and bass guitarist.	Alan Tarney	19 November 1945
date of birth	Jyotirmoy Datta (Bengali: জ্যোতির্ময় দত্ত, jotirmôe dôtto)(born 1936) is a Bengali writer, journalist, poet, and an essayist.	Jyotirmoy Datta	1936
date of birth	Hamlet Bareh was born in Jaiaw Lumsyntiew, a village in the Northeast Indian state of Meghalaya on 3 May 1931 to Besina Dkhar and Mondon Bareh, an educationist, as the youngest of their ten children.	Hamlet Bareh	3 May 1931
date of birth	Liu Hongcai (born June 1955) is a Chinese diplomat, currently the deputy head of the International Liaison Department of the Communist Party of China; he is the former Chinese Ambassador to North Korea.	Liu Hongcai	June 1955
date of birth	Llewelyn Powys (13 August 1884 -- 2 December 1939) was a British novelist and essayist and younger brother of John Cowper Powys and T. F. Powys.	Llewelyn Powys	13 August 1884
date of birth	János Veres (born 5 February 1957) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Finance between 2005 and 2009.	János Veres	5 February 1957
date of birth	John Deasley (1861--1910) was a professional baseball player.	John Deasley	1861
date of birth	Parag Khanna (born 27 July 1977) is an international relations expert and best-selling author.	Parag Khanna	1977
date of birth	Basil Chivers (born 31 December 1939) was an English cricketer who played for Wiltshire.	Basil Chivers	31 December 1939
date of birth	Wang Lijun (born 26 December 1959) is a former Chinese regional police chief.	Wang Lijun	26 December 1959
date of birth	Vaughan Savidge (born 1956) is a British freelance newsreader and continuity announcer who works on BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio 3, and formerly the World Service.	Vaughan Savidge	1956
date of birth	Mary Ellen Tracy (aka Sabrina Aset) (born 1943) is the high priestess of the Church of the Most High Goddess, who was convicted in 1989 of a single misdemeanor count of running a house of prostitution in connection with the operation of the church, located in West Los Angeles, California.	Mary Ellen Tracy	1943
date of birth	Aamer Gulzar (born Rana Aamer Gulzar on 27 October 1985) is a former Pakistani cricketer.	Aamer Gulzar	27 October 1985
date of birth	Onofre Abellanosa (1913 -- 1974) was a Filipino Visayan writer of short stories and plays.	Onofre Abellanosa	1913
date of birth	Neill Gorton (born September 6, 1969) is an English special effects artist, visual effects specialist and make-up artist specialized in animatronics and prosthetics.	Neill Gorton	1969
date of birth	Ramadan Ragap Mohamed Mohamed (Arabic: رمضان رجب‎) (born 13 June 1979) is an Egyptian football player.	Ramadan Ragap	13 June 1979
date of birth	Radek Dosoudil (born 20 June 1983) is a Czech footballer, who plays as a centre back.	Radek Dosoudil	20 June 1983
date of birth	Jesse Wayne Brazel, or Wayne Brazel (December 31, 1876--after 1913), was an American Old West ranch hand, during the closing years of that era.	Jesse Wayne Brazel	1876
date of birth	William Harrison Folsom (1815--1901) was an architect and contractor.	William Harrison Folsom	1815
date of birth	Steven Townsend is a self-taught artist who was born in Colne, Lancashire, in 1955.	Steven Townsend	1955
date of birth	Callum Turner (born 15 February 1990) is an English actor and model, who is known for his roles as Bill Rohan in Queen and Country and as Eli in E4 series Glue.	Callum Turner	15 February 1990
date of birth	Pauline Joutard (1890--1957) was a French-born pianist who performed under the stage name Miirrha Alhambra.	Miirrha Alhambra	1890
date of birth	Sir James Henderson-Stewart, 1st Baronet (6 December 1897 -- 3 September 1961), born James Henderson Stewart, was a British banker, Army officer and politician.	James Henderson-Stewart	6 December 1897
date of birth	Paul Aiton (born 29 May 1985, in Mount Hagen, Papua New Guinea) is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who has signed to play for Super League side Leeds Rhinos from the 2014 season Aiton previously played for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage #1309) in England's Super League.	Paul Aiton	29 May 1985
date of birth	William Eifion Jones (1925--2004) was a Welsh marine botanist, noted for his study of marine algae.	Eifion Jones	1925
date of birth	Bruno Lucia (born 27 January 1960) is an Australian stand-up comedian, actor and performer.	Bruno Lucia	27 January 1960
date of birth	Calixte Dakpogan (born 1958) is a Beninese sculptor known for his installations as well as his masks made out of diverse and original found materials.	Calixte Dakpogan	1958
date of birth	Armando Latini (born 20 May 1913, date of death unknown) was an Italian cyclist who competed in track cycling.	Armando Latini	20 May 1913
date of birth	Roscoe James Irwin (born 21 February 1984) is a singer-songwriter, trumpet player arranger/composer from Melbourne, Australia	Roscoe James Irwin	21 February 1984
date of birth	Derek Paravicini (born 26 July 1979) is a blind English autistic savant and a musical prodigy.	Derek Paravicini	26 July 1979
date of birth	María Constanza Ceruti (born 11 January 1973) is an Argentinian high-altitude archaeologist and anthropologist.	Constanza Ceruti	1973
date of birth	Matt Parsons (born 18 June 1973) is an Australian retired professional rugby leaguefootballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Matt Parsons	18 June 1973
date of birth	John Tartamella (1892-- July 12, 1966) was consigliere for over 30 years to Joseph Bonanno and his family.	John Tartamella	1892
date of birth	Teo Chee Hean (simplified Chinese: 张志贤; traditional Chinese: 張志賢; pinyin: Zhāng Zhìxián; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiuⁿ Chì-hiân; born 27 December 1954) is a Singaporean politician.	Teo Chee Hean	27 December 1954
date of birth	Francesco Mauriello (born 28 November 1993) is an Italian motorcycle racer.	Francesco Mauriello	28 November 1993
date of birth	Monica Babuc (born 29 March 1964, in Bardar) is a politician and historian from the Republic of Moldova.	Monica Babuc	29 March 1964
date of birth	Georgi Obretenov, the youngest son of Tonka Obretenova, was born after 1849.	Georgi Obretenov	1849
date of birth	Robert Krausz (1936 -- October 3, 2002) was an Israeli commodities and futures trader.	Robert Krausz	1936
date of birth	Agnieszka Arnold (born 24 September 1947 in Łowicz) is a Polish documentary filmmaker born 1947.	Agnieszka Arnold	24 September 1947
date of birth	Mark Delpriora (born 1959) is an American classical guitarist and composer.	Mark Delpriora	1959
date of birth	Kostas Beglektsis (Greek: Κώστας Μπεγλεκτσής, born 5 January 1995), is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Football league 2 club Sparti F.C., as a Striker.	Kostas Beglektsis	5 January 1995
date of birth	Violina Linda Pedro (born 1951 or 1952) is a bowls player from Tokelau.	Violina Linda Pedro	1951
date of birth	Cihat Arslan (born 9 February 1970) is a Turkish former footballer and currently a football manager.	Cihat Arslan	9 February 1970
date of birth	George Bayoud (born 1955) is a real estate investor in Dallas, Texas.	George Bayoud	1955
date of birth	Patrick Masterson (born 1936, Dublin) is a former president of University College Dublin and the European University Institute.	Patrick Masterson	1936
date of birth	Darina Márquez Uribe (born 28 July 1980), known as Darina, is a Mexican pop/rock singer-songwriter.	Darina	28 July 1980
date of birth	Len Cormier (1924 -- June 16, 2008) worked for many years in the U.S. aerospace industry, in government, large industry, and as a private entrepreneur.	Len Cormier	1924
date of birth	Alexander Moosbrugger (born 21 August 1972 in Bregenzerwald) is an Austrian Composer, living since 2001 in Berlin.	Alexander Moosbrugger	21 August 1972
date of birth	Ghulam Nabi Firaq (born 15 July 1922) is a Kashmiri poet, writer and an educationist.	Ghulam Nabi Firaq	15 July 1922
date of birth	Melanie Tem (née Kubachko; April 11, 1949 -- February 9, 2015) was an American horror and dark fantasy author.	Melanie Tem	1949
date of birth	Ben Stevens (born 1959) is an American politician and former President of the Alaska State Senate.	Ben Stevens	1959
date of birth	Irina Wrona (born 1974 in Düsseldorf) is an actress from Germany.	Irina Wrona	1974
date of birth	Aakash Dahiya (born 20 September 1983) is a Mumbai-based actor and casting director, who is known for his work in Bollywood films.	Aakash Dahiya	20 September 1983
date of birth	Andrus Rõuk (born 28 September 1957 in Tallinn) is an Estonian artist and poet.	Andrus Rõuk	1957
date of birth	Phil Madeira (born 1952) is an American songwriter, producer, musician and singer from Nashville, Tennessee, United States.	Phil Madeira	1952
date of birth	Luisa Ranieri (born 16 December 1973) is an Italian actress and TV presenter.	Luisa Ranieri	16 December 1973
date of birth	Dragan Skočić (born 3 September 1968) is a Croatian football manager and former professional player who last managed Foolad F.C. in the Persian Gulf League.	Dragan Skočić	3 September 1968
date of birth	Ken Strauss (born 1953) is a physician/author who is known both for his writings as well as for his work promoting the careers and works of other artistically-inclined professionals.	Ken Strauss	1953
date of birth	Mark Phooi Peck Lye (born 22 August 1962) is a Singaporean entrepreneur in the design industry.	Mark Phooi	22 August 1962
date of birth	Kweon Kab-yong (born 3 October 1957) is a South Korean 6 dan professional Go player.	Kweon Kab-yong	3 October 1957
date of birth	John Henry Barrow (1817 -- 22 August 1874) was a Congregational minister, journalist and South Australian politician.	John Henry Barrow	1817
date of birth	José Tomás Errázuriz Urmeneta (1856-1927) was a Chilean landscape painter and diplomat.	José Tomás Errázuriz	1856
date of birth	Lazar Mojsov (Macedonian: Лазар Мојсов; 19 December 1920 -- 25 August 2011) was a Macedonian journalist, communist politician and diplomat from SFR Yugoslavia.	Lazar Mojsov	19 December 1920
date of birth	Berta Taracena (born 1925) is a Mexican historian, cultural researcher and art critic.	Berta Taracena	1925
date of birth	Benton Johnson (born 1928) is an American sociologist and professor emeritus of the University of Oregon's Department of Sociology.	Benton Johnson	1928
date of birth	Dirck Helmbreker, Theodor Helmbreeker, or Teodoro Elembrech (1633--1696) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of Italianate landscapes.	Dirck Helmbreker	1633
date of birth	Rolf Gerling (born 15 December 1954 in Cologne) is a German billionairre ranked #512 worldwide in wealth by Forbes magazine.	Rolf Gerling	15 December 1954
date of birth	Jim Spellman (born 1968) is an American journalist and musician.	Jim Spellman	1968
date of birth	Stephen Sachs (born 14 August 1959) is an award-winning stage director and playwright.	Stephen Sachs	14 August 1959
date of birth	Donald Mackenzie Smeaton CSI (9 September 1848 -- 19 April 1910), son of David James Smeaton, was a Scottish politician who was the Liberal MP for Stirlingshire from January 1906 until January 1910.	Donald Mackenzie Smeaton	9 September 1848
date of birth	Ola John (born 19 May 1992) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger for English club Reading, on loan from Portuguese club Benfica.	Ola John	19 May 1992
date of birth	Hannah Starkey (born 1971) is a British photographer who specializes in staged settings of women in city environments.	Hannah Starkey	1971
date of birth	Sallyanne Short (born 6 March 1968) is a Welsh former sprinter who competed in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Sallyanne Short	6 March 1968
date of birth	Satwant Singh ``Sat'' Bains (born 28 February 1971) is a British chef best known for being chef proprietor of the two-Michelin star Restaurant Sat Bains with Rooms in Nottingham.	Sat Bains	28 February 1971
date of birth	Lee Kit (born 1978) is a contemporary artist who currently lives and works in Hong Kong and Taipei.	Lee Kit	1978
date of birth	Roger Swerts (born 28 December 1942) is a Belgian former road bicycle racer.	Roger Swerts	28 December 1942
date of birth	Artur Orzech (born 22, February 1964 in Jelenia Góra) is a Polish journalist, radio and television presenter and music broadcaster.	Artur Orzech	1964
date of birth	Ronny Huybrechts (born 20 July 1965) is a Belgian darts player who won his two-year PDC tour card on the third day of the 2013 Tour Qualifying School.	Ronny Huybrechts	20 July 1965
date of birth	Bruce Milne (born 1957) is an Australian music entrepreneur closely linked to the Melbourne post-punk scene.	Bruce Milne	1957
date of birth	Corneliu Calotescu (1889--1970) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He served as Secretary-General to the Under-Secretary of State of Land Forces in 1940.	Corneliu Calotescu	1889
date of birth	Buyan Sechen Khan (1554--1604) was a Mongol khan of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia and he was the eldest son of Jasaghtu Khan whom he succeeded.	Buyan Sechen Khan	1554
date of birth	Giovanni Prezioso born in 1957 in Boston to Dr. and Mrs. Fausto Maria Prezioso of Towson, Md, became General Counsel of the US Securities and Exchange Commission in April 2002.	Giovanni Prezioso	1957
date of birth	David Spelman (born 1966 in Washington, D.C., United States) is an American, New York-based, record producer and curator working in recordings, films and live events	David Spelman	1966
date of birth	Liliana Popescu, née Barbulescu (born 5 February 1982) is a Romanian middle distance runner, who specializes in the 800 metres.	Liliana Popescu	5 February 1982
date of birth	Alfonso Rangel Guerra (born 16 November 1928, Monterrey, Nuevo León) is a Mexican lawyer, educator, writer and administrator.	Alfonso Rangel Guerra	16 November 1928
date of birth	Valeriu Rudic (born 18 February 1947 in Talmaza) is a Moldovan microbiologist, chemist, biochemist and pharmacist who was selected member of Academy of Sciences of Moldova.	Valeriu Rudic	18 February 1947
date of birth	Georgy Mihailovich Kondratiev (Russian: Георгий Михайлович Кондратьев, 1887--1958) Russian physicist, specialist in thermal measurements.	Georgy Mihailovich Kondratiev	1887
date of birth	Amanda Royle (born 1962) is a British actress who has appeared in a variety of British television shows including Agatha Christie's Poirot, Campion, Rosemary & Thyme and Bulman.	Amanda Royle	1962
date of birth	Thomas Jeremiah Williams (1872 - 12 June 1919) was a Welsh barrister and Liberal politician.	Thomas Jeremiah Williams	1872
date of birth	John Blakemore (born 1936), is an English photographer who has worked in documentary, landscape, still life and hand made books.	John Blakemore	1936
date of birth	Koena Mitra (born 7 January 1984) is an Indian actress, model and beauty queen who appears in Bollywood films.	Koena Mitra	7 January 1984
date of birth	Flaka Surroi (born 1964) is a notable publisher from the Republic of Kosovo.	Flaka Surroi	1964
date of birth	George Edward Given Lyness, usually known as Given Lyness (born 16 December 1937 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish former cricketer.	Given Lyness	16 December 1937
date of birth	Zoe Beloff (born 1958) is an artist residing in New York who works primarily in installation, film, and drawing.	Zoe Beloff	1958
date of birth	Josie Lawrence (born Wendy Lawrence; 6 June 1959) is an English comedienne and actress best known for her work with the Comedy Store Players improvisational troupe, the television series Whose Line Is It Anyway? and more recently her role as Manda Best in EastEnders.	Josie Lawrence	6 June 1959
date of birth	Amy Yang, also known as Yang Hee-Young (Korean: 양희영, born 28 July 1989) is a Korean professional golfer, currently playing on the United States-based LPGA Tour and on the Ladies European Tour (LET).	Amy Yang	28 July 1989
date of birth	Barukh Binah (Hebrew: ברוך בינה) (born 1950 in Tel Aviv) is the current Israeli Ambassador to Denmark.	Barukh Binah	1950
date of birth	William Irwin Thompson (born July 1938) is known primarily as a social philosopher and cultural critic, but he has also been writing and publishing poetry throughout his career and received the Oslo International Poetry Festival Award in 1986.	William Irwin Thompson	1938
date of birth	Svend Olaf Wamnes Akstuft, known as Svend Wam (born 5 May 1946 in Son) is a Norwegian film director.	Svend Wam	5 May 1946
date of birth	Olimpia Giustiniani (18 May 1641 -- 27 December 1729) was an Italian noblewoman of the houses of Giustiniani and Barberini.	Olimpia Giustiniani	18 May 1641
date of birth	Zafer Ergin (born 30 August 1942, Ankara) is one of the mid-1990s Turkish actors who played in present Arka Sokaklar and gave an importance with Hırsız, being the main-role of Gülse Birsel.	Zafer Ergin	30 August 1942
date of birth	Julian Holloway (born 24 June 1944) is an English actor now based in Hollywood, California, United States.	Julian Holloway	24 June 1944
date of birth	Baltazar Adam Krčelić (5 February 1715 - 29 March 1778) was a Croatian historian, theologian and lawyer.	Baltazar Adam Krčelić	5 February 1715
date of birth	Beverley Jones (born 17 October 1974) is a Paralympian from Wales competing in category F37 throwing events.	Beverley Jones	17 October 1974
date of birth	Colonel Balbir Singh Kular (VSM, born 5 April 1945) is an Indian field hockey player (half-back).	Balbir Singh Kular	5 April 1945
date of birth	Paddy Farrell (born 1913, date of death unknown) was an Irish footballer who played for Bohemians and Hibernian during the 1930s.	Paddy Farrell	1913
date of birth	Kerstin Wohlbold (born 11 January 1984) is a German handballer who plays for Thüringer HC as a middle back.	Kerstin Wohlbold	11 January 1984
date of birth	Kenneth Mburu Mungara, also known as Kennedy Mburu, (born 7 September 1973 in Limuru) is a Kenyan long distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Kenneth Mburu Mungara	7 September 1973
date of birth	Lisa H. Schwartzman (born 1969) is a philosophy professor and well known feminist and social/political philosopher currently teaching at Michigan State University.	Lisa H. Schwartzman	1969
date of birth	Alonso de Estrada (b. ca. 1470, Ciudad Real, Spain, d. 1533-37, Mexico City) was a colonial official in New Spain during the period of Hernán Cortés's government, and before the appointment of the first viceroy.	Alonso de Estrada	1470
date of birth	Phil Beer (born 12 May 1953 in Exminster, Devon, England) is an English multi-instrumentalist, composer, producer, and one half of English acoustic roots duo Show of Hands.	Phil Beer	12 May 1953
date of birth	John McCaffary (1820 -- August 21, 1851) was the only defendant to be executed by the State of Wisconsin.	John McCaffary	1820
date of birth	Melvin Wandelaar (born 2 January 1990) is a Dutch footballer who plays for SV Robinhood of the Surinamese Hoofdklasse.	Melvin Wandelaar	2 January 1990
date of birth	Aigars Apinis (9 June 1973 in Aizkraukle) is a Latvian athlete.	Aigars Apinis	9 June 1973
date of birth	Robert Twycross (born 29 January 1941) is a retired British physician and writer.	Robert Twycross	29 January 1941
date of birth	Joseph Sittler (1904--1987) was an American Lutheran theologian who taught at the Divinity School of the University of Chicago and the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago.	Joseph Sittler	1904
date of birth	Adjoua Flore Kouamé (born 1964, Abidjan) is a novelist from Côte d’Ivoire.	Adjoua Flore Kouamé	1964
date of birth	Ahmad Madani (11 February 1928 -- 12 February 2006) was an Iranian politician, Commander of Iranian Navy (1979), governor of the Khuzestan province (1979--80) and candidate in the first Iranian presidential election.	Ahmad Madani	11 February 1928
date of birth	Gray O'Brien (born Gerry O'Brien, 11 August 1968) is a Scottish television and film actor, best known for his portrayal of the villainous Weatherfield businessman Tony Gordon in the popular ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 2007 to 2010, and as Dr Richard McCaig on the BBC medical drama Casualty from 1996 to 1998.	Gray O'Brien	11 August 1968
date of birth	Peter Skene Ogden (alternately Skeene, Skein or Skeen), (baptised 12 February 1790 -- September 1854) was a fur trader and a Canadian explorer of what is now British Columbia and the American West.	Peter Skene Ogden	February 1790
date of birth	Alper Sendilmen (born 4 July 1980) is a German rapper with Turkish origin, better known as Alpa Gun.	Alpa Gun	4 July 1980
date of birth	Charlwood Lawton (1660--1721) was an English lawyer and phrase-making pamphleteer, a Whig of Jacobite views.	Charlwood Lawton	1660
date of birth	Nalin Jayawardena (Sinhala : නලින් ජයවර්ධන) (born 18 April 1957) is a popular Sri Lankan singer and vocalist.	Nalin Jayawardena	18 April 1957
date of birth	Dave Thornton (born 13 December 1979) is a stand-up comedian, actor and radio and TV presenter.	Dave Thornton	13 December 1979
date of birth	Joseph Alleine (baptised 8 April 1634 -- 17 November 1668) was an English Nonconformist pastor and author of many religious works.	Joseph Alleine	8 April 1634
date of birth	Aidan J. David (born 23 December 1981) is a British actor, best known for playing James Arnold (Arnie) in the BBC school drama Grange Hill.	Aidan J. David	23 December 1981
date of birth	Ann-Britt Ryd Pettersson, born 19 March 1954, is a Swedish news reporter at Sveriges Television.	Ann-Britt Ryd Pettersson	19 March 1954
date of birth	Francis Dunham (born 10 November 1793 in Wheathampstead, Hertfordshire; died 1878 in St Albans, Hertfordshire) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) who was active in the 1810s.	Francis Dunham	10 November 1793
date of birth	Kevin Roth (born 1957 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American folk singer and dulcimer player who has released forty-five albums.	Kevin Roth	1957
date of birth	Jonathan Lloyd Walker (born 13 September 1967) is an English film and television actor and screenwriter who resides in Canada.	Jonathan Lloyd Walker	13 September 1967
date of birth	Paolo Maffei (1926 -- 1 March 2009) was an Italian astrophysicist and science writer.	Paolo Maffei	1926
date of birth	Charles of Taranto (1296 -- 29 August 1315) was the eldest son of Philip I, Prince of Taranto and titular Latin Emperor of Constantinople, and his wife, Thamar Angelina Komnene, daughter of the Despot of Epirus, Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas.	Charles of Taranto	1296
date of birth	Archbishop Antônio de Macedo Costa (7 Aug 1830 - 20 Mar 1891) was Archbishop of São Salvador da Bahia and previously Bishop of Pará.	Antônio de Macedo Costa	1830
date of birth	Wacław Iwaniuk (born 17 December 1912 in Stare Chojno near Chełm Lubelski), died 4 January 2001 in Toronto.	Wacław Iwaniuk	17 December 1912
date of birth	Diego Carlos de Oliveira, known as Diego Carlos (born 15 May 1988 in Campos Altos) is a Brazilian football striker, who currently plays for FC Ufa.	Diego Carlos	15 May 1988
date of birth	Kévin Estre (born 28 October 1988) is a French professional racing driver currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship with French squad OAK Racing.	Kévin Estre	28 October 1988
date of birth	Joab Houghton (1811 -- January 31, 1876) was an American lawyer and judge who served as the first Chief Justice of New Mexico.	Joab Houghton	1811
date of birth	Prince Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg (given names: Guillaume Jean Joseph Marie; born 11 November 1981), has been heir apparent to the crown of Luxembourg since his father's accession in 2000.	Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg	11 November 1981
date of birth	Fio Zanotti (born Fiorenzo Zanotti on 20 November 1949) is an Italian record producer, arranger, conductor, composer and multi-instrumentalist.	Fio Zanotti	20 November 1949
date of birth	Polly Barber (Polly Scovill; 25 September 1803 -- 23 February 1898), was born in Lower Canada and, at various times was a teacher, farmer, and businesswoman.	Polly Barber	25 September 1803
date of birth	Yuriy Voronkin (Russian: Юрий Воронкин; born 18 May 1979) is a Russian hammer thrower.	Yuriy Voronkin	18 May 1979
date of birth	Serhiy Tahirov (Ukrainian: Сергій Тагіров born 2 January 1989 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian weightlifter.	Serhiy Tahirov	2 January 1989
date of birth	Kommissar Hjuler (born 1967 in Detlev Hjuler) works as a sound recordist in the field of Noise and Post-industrial music, visual artist, film maker and police officer at Flensburg, a town on the German border with Denmark.	Kommissar Hjuler	1967
date of birth	Alain Mafart (born in 1951) is a French military officer best known for his part in the bombing of the Rainbow Warrior.	Alain Mafart	1951
date of birth	Qin Jianxiao (Chinese: 秦建孝; pinyin: Qín Jiànxiào; born November 1962) is a former Chinese politician from Shanxi province.	Qin Jianxiao	November 1962
date of birth	Clayton Spencer (born December 15, 1954) is an American academic, policymaker, and attorney currently serving as the 8th President of Bates College, in Lewiston, Maine, the second women to hold the office.	Clayton Spencer	1954
date of birth	Randy Blumer (born October 21, 1958 in Edmonton, Alberta) is widely acknowledged as having started the multibillion dollar online poker industry with the launch of Planet Poker, the world's first real money online poker room on January 1, 1998.	Randy Blumer	1958
date of birth	Douglass Sullivan-Gonzalez (born 1956) is an expert on Central American history, particularly in the 19th century.	Douglass Sullivan-Gonzalez	1956
date of birth	Eduardo Gallardo (born 20 April 1969) is an Argentine handball coach.	Eduardo Gallardo	20 April 1969
date of birth	Sir Robert Armstrong-Jones, CBE (2 December 1857 -- 31 January 1943), born Robert Jones, was a Welsh physician and psychiatrist.	Robert Armstrong-Jones	2 December 1857
date of birth	Yvonne Pavis (b. 1890) was an English-born actress, writer, and producer.	Yvonne Pavis	1890
date of birth	Seán Duignan (born 1936) is an Irish journalist, newsreader, political aide and writer.	Seán Duignan	1936
date of birth	Paul Gustav Eduard Speiser (1877--1945) was a German entomologist who specialised in Diptera.	Paul Gustav Eduard Speiser	1877
date of birth	Manazir Ahsan Gilani (born September 1892) was an Islamic scholar from the Deobandi school of thought, which is one of the major Islamic schools in Indian subcontinent.	Manazir Ahsan Gilani	1892
date of birth	Virginia Ironside (born 1945 in London, UK) is a British journalist, agony aunt and author.	Virginia Ironside	1945
date of birth	Helen Wyman (born 4 March 1981 St Albans, Hertfordshire) is a British cyclist for the KONA Factory Team.	Helen Wyman	4 March 1981
date of birth	Asher Quinn (Asha) (born 22 September 1952) is an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and mystical balladeer, first known as Denis Quinn on the New World Music label.	Asher Quinn	22 September 1952
date of birth	Valeriu Catînsus (born 27 April 1978 in Chişinău, Moldavian SSR) is a Moldovan footballer.	Valeriu Catînsus	27 April 1978
date of birth	Shahn Majid (born 1960 in Patna, Bihar, India) is an English pure mathematician and theoretical physicist, trained at Cambridge University and Harvard and since 2001 a Professor of Mathematics at the School of Mathematical Sciences, Queen Mary, University of London.	Shahn Majid	1960
date of birth	Claude Duhamel (born 1970) is a Canadian film, stage and television actor.	Claude Duhamel	1970
date of birth	James Loomis Madden (1892 -- 1972) was acting chancellor of New York University from 1951 to 1952.	James Loomis Madden	1892
date of birth	Sir William Overend Priestley (24 June 1829 -- 11 April 1900) was a British physician and Conservative Party politician.	William Overend Priestley	1829
date of birth	Mohibullah Samim (born 1965) was appointed as the Governor of Paktika on 20 April 2010.	Mohibullah Samim	1965
date of birth	Brett Sharman (born 18 January 1987) is a professional South African rugby footballer.	Brett Sharman	18 January 1987
date of birth	Aloysius Atuegbu (29 April 1953 -- 25 May 2008) was a Nigerian football player.	Aloysius Atuegbu	29 April 1953
date of birth	Richard Read (born 1957) is a two-time Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist who was a senior staff writer and foreign correspondent for The Oregonian newspaper in Portland, Oregon.	Richard Read	1957
date of birth	Roger Shimomura (born Roger Yutaka Shimomura in 1939 in Seattle, Washington) is an American artist and a retired professor at the University of Kansas Lawrence, having taught there from 1969 to 2004.	Roger Shimomura	1939
date of birth	Natthakarn Chinwong (Thai: ณัฐกานต์ ชินวงศ์ born 15 March 1992) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Natthakarn Chinwong	15 March 1992
date of birth	Hans-Erik Eriksson (born 1961) is a Swedish computer scientist, organizational theorist, co-founder of Open Training AB, and author, known for his 2000 work on ``Business modeling with UML.''	Hans-Erik Eriksson	1961
date of birth	Mark Burnett (born 17 July 1960) is a British-born television producer based in Los Angeles and is currently the President of MGM Television and Digital Group.	Mark Burnett	17 July 1960
date of birth	Jesús Navas González (Spanish pronunciation: (xeˈsuz ˈnaβaz ɣonˈθaleθ); born 21 November 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester City as a right winger.	Jesús Navas	21 November 1985
date of birth	Ray Hanania (born 1953) is an Arab-American Palestinian Christian journalist and stand-up comedian.	Ray Hanania	1953
date of birth	Alberto Gallinetta (born 16 April 1992) is an Italian football player who plays for Naxxar Lions in the Maltese Premier League, on loan from Juventus.	Alberto Gallinetta	16 April 1992
date of birth	Tim Bowler (born 14 November 1953) is an English author of books for children, teenagers and young adults.	Tim Bowler	14 November 1953
date of birth	An Jeong-geun (Hangul: 안정근; born 20 November 1924) is a South Korean former sports shooter.	An Jeong-geun	20 November 1924
date of birth	Ante Grgin (born 1945) is a Serbian clarinetist and composer of Croatian origin.	Ante Grgin	1945
date of birth	Brian North Lee FSA, (Syston, Leicestershire, 27 December 1936 - 24 February 2007, London) was a former teacher, Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London since 1978 and expert on bookplates, or ``ex-libris'' as he preferred to call them.	Brian North Lee	27 December 1936
date of birth	E. Norman Veasey (born 1933) was a Chief Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court.	E. Norman Veasey	1933
date of birth	Kim Bong-han (Chosŏn'gŭl: 김봉한; born 1916) is a North Korean medical surgeon at Pyongyang Medical University and Kyung-Rak institute (KRI).	Kim Bong-han	1916
date of birth	Teng Haining (born 25 June 1993) is a Chinese athlete who specialises in the middle-distance events.	Teng Haining	25 June 1993
date of birth	Oleg Butman (born 9 July 1966 in Leningrad ) is a Russian jazz drummer.	Oleg Butman	9 July 1966
date of birth	Przemysław Czajkowski (born 26 October 1988 in Wysokie Mazowieckie) is a Polish athlete specializing in the discus throw.	Przemysław Czajkowski	26 October 1988
date of birth	Frederick Locker-Lampson (1821--1895) was an English man of letters, bibliophile and poet.	Frederick Locker-Lampson	1821
date of birth	Ney Yépez Cortés (Quito, 1968) is an Ecuadorian writer, journalist, poet, songwriter, screen writer, lecturer, and teacher of Tai Chi, Reiki and Qi Gong.	Ney Yépez Cortés	1968
date of birth	Jesse K. Hines (1829 -- September 20, 1889) was a Democratic member of the Maryland House of Delegates from Kent County and served as the Speaker of the House for the 1874 session.	Jesse K. Hines	1829
date of birth	Fred Lookout (November 1865 -- August 28, 1949) was a leader of the Osage Nation of Native Americans.	Fred Lookout	November 1865
date of birth	Niall Scannell (born 8 April 1992 in Cork, Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro12 and European Rugby Champions Cup.	Niall Scannell	8 April 1992
date of birth	Bo Stief (born 15 October 1946) is a Danish jazz and rock bassist, composer, and arranger born in Copenhagen.	Bo Stief	15 October 1946
date of birth	Norbert Brami (Arabic: نوربرت برامى‎; born 12 February 1937) is a Tunisian fencer.	Norbert Brami	12 February 1937
date of birth	Daryl Laub (born 1925) is a television and radio personality who worked for stations in the Twin Cities region of Minnesota, USA, from the 1950s until his retirement in 1993.	Daryl Laub	1925
date of birth	Mary GrandPré (born February 13, 1954) is an American illustrator best known for her cover and chapter illustrations of the Harry Potter books in their U.S. editions published by Scholastic.	Mary GrandPré	1954
date of birth	Ellen Segal Huvelle (born 1948) is a federal judge sitting in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.	Ellen Segal Huvelle	1948
date of birth	Jonathan Staley (1868 -- 1917) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County.	Jonathan Staley	1868
date of birth	Rémy Noë (born 8 December 1974), is an English painter, a member of the international art movement Stuckism and co-founder of the Maidstone Stuckists.	Rémy Noë	8 December 1974
date of birth	Charlotte Lennox, née Ramsay (c. 1730 -- 4 January 1804) was a Scottish author and poet.	Charlotte Lennox	1730
date of birth	Annabel Lamb (born 1958, Surrey) is an English singer-songwriter.	Annabel Lamb	1958
date of birth	Lillian Schoedler (1891 - 1963) was a secretary of the New York City Intercollegiate Bureau of Occupations, which eventually became the Bureau of Vocational Information.	Lillian Schoedler	1891
date of birth	Kev Hopgood (born 25 August 1961) is a British comic artist who has been drawing comic books since 1984.	Kev Hopgood	25 August 1961
date of birth	Jade Laroche (born 8 September 1989) is a French model, DJ and pornographic actress.	Jade Laroche	8 September 1989
date of birth	George Feilding, 1st Earl of Desmond (c. 1614 -- 31 January 1665) was an Irish peer and the second son of William Feilding, 1st Earl of Denbigh.	George Feilding, 1st Earl of Desmond	1614
date of birth	Lucas Macie (born 2 July 1960 in Maputo) is a Mozambiquan-Swazi painter.	Lucas Macie	2 July 1960
date of birth	Graeme Allwright (born 7 November 1926) is a singer-songwriter.	Graeme Allwright	7 November 1926
date of birth	Vlado Jovanovski (Macedonian: Владо Јовановски; born 27 February 1967) is Macedonian actor.	Vlado Jovanovski	27 February 1967
date of birth	Kathrin Böhm (born 1969) is an artist whose work is defined by its collaborative nature and commitment to the public realm.	Kathrin Böhm	1969
date of birth	Yu Yuanhui (Chinese: 余远辉; born January 1964) is a Chinese politician of ethnic Yao heritage who spent most of his career in Southwest China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.	Yu Yuanhui	January 1964
date of birth	Berthold Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg (born 3 July 1934) is a German retired Bundeswehr general.	Berthold Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg	3 July 1934
date of birth	Ram Jethmalani born 14 September 1923, is an Indian lawyer and politician.	Ram Jethmalani	14 September 1923
date of birth	Sir Rupert Mackeson, 2nd Baronet (born 16 November 1941) is a British author and former soldier.	Rupert Mackeson	16 November 1941
date of birth	Carlos Micháns (born Carlos Eduardo Micháns on 18 August 1950) is a Dutch composer of Argentine origin.	Carlos Micháns	18 August 1950
date of birth	Sir Lancelot Oliphant, KCMG, CB (8 October 1881 -- 2 October 1965) was a British diplomat, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Belgium, Minister-Plenipotentiary to Luxembourg and Director General of the Foreign Office.	Lancelot Oliphant	8 October 1881
date of birth	Sue Coe (born 28 November 1951) is an English artist and illustrator, working primarily in drawing and printmaking, often in the form of illustrated books and comics.	Sue Coe	28 November 1951
date of birth	Cho U (simplified Chinese: 张栩; traditional Chinese: 張栩; pinyin: Zhang Xu; Wade--Giles: Chang Hsu; born on 20 January 1980) is a Taiwanese professional Go player.	Cho U	20 January 1980
date of birth	Félicien Kabuga (born 1935) is a Rwandan businessman, accused of bankrolling and participating in the Rwandan Genocide.	Félicien Kabuga	1935
date of birth	Everton Fox (born 1964) is a British weather presenter, currently working for Al Jazeera English.	Everton Fox	1964
date of birth	Sir Philip Carteret, 1st Baronet (1620 -- between 1663 and 1675), also known as Philippe de Carteret III, was the 4th Seigneur of Sark.	Sir Philip Carteret, 1st Baronet	1620
date of birth	V. S. Krishna Iyer (7 January 1922 -- 25 July 2011) was an Indian politician and independence movement activist from the state of Karnataka.	V. S. Krishna Iyer	7 January 1922
date of birth	Ondoro Osoro (born 3 December 1967) is a former Kenyan long-distance runner who competed mostly in cross country and road races.	Ondoro Osoro	3 December 1967
date of birth	Bartholomäus Gesius (also: Göß, Gese, c. 1562 -- 1613) was a German theologian, church musician, composer and hymn writer.	Bartholomäus Gesius	1562
date of birth	Harry Collins (born 13 June 1943), is a British sociologist of science at the School of Social Sciences, Cardiff University, Wales.	Harry Collins	13 June 1943
date of birth	Kenneth True Norris Jr. (August 16, 1930--September 21, 1996) was an industrialist and philanthropist who lived in Huntington Beach, California.	Kenneth True Norris Jr.	1930
date of birth	Stephen Pevnick (born 1944) is an American interdisciplinary artist who works in a variety of media, including interactive art, public art, permanent installations, and installations for the trade show industry.	Stephen Pevnick	1944
date of birth	Jaime Bonilla Valdez (born 9 June 1950) is a Mexican politician and businessman affiliated to the National Regeneration Movement (formerly to the Labor Party).	Jaime Bonilla Valdez	9 June 1950
date of birth	Denis Nagulin (Russian: Дени́с Нагу́лин; IPA: (dʲɪˈnʲis nɐˈɡulʲɪn); born 27 November 1992) is a Russian racing driver.	Denis Nagulin	27 November 1992
date of birth	Sophia Kokosalaki (born 1972) is a Greek fashion designer with her own label based in London.	Sophia Kokosalaki	1972
date of birth	James Francisco Freitas Iahnke (born 16 August 1968), known as James Freitas, is a Brazilian football manager who is the current assistant manager of Grêmio.	James Freitas	16 August 1968
date of birth	Tom Cichowski (June 13, 1944 -- September 17, 2015) was a former professional American football player.	Tom Cichowski	1944
date of birth	Mark David Hall (born 22 February 1966), is Herbert Hoover Distinguished Professor of Politics and Faculty Fellow in the William Penn Honors Program at George Fox University.	Mark David Hall	22 February 1966
date of birth	Dawood Hosni (also spelled Daoud / Dawoud Housni or Hosny, Arabic: داود حسني‎ née David Haim) was an Egyptian musician and composer born in 1870 in Cairo to a Karaite Jewish family.	Dawood Hosni	1870
date of birth	Algimantas Kezys (1928 -- February 23, 2015) was a photographer born in Lithuania who moved to the United States in 1950.	Algimantas Kezys	1928
date of birth	Rabi Narayan Bastia was born on 2 October 1958 in the Indian state of Odisha and graduated in Science from Utkal University.	Rabi Narayan Bastia	2 October 1958
date of birth	Ernst Hunter Wright (1892--1968) was a professor at Columbia, a chairman of English Institute at Columbia (1942--1946), an author of many notable works, an editor-in-chief of Richards Cyclopedia for Juveniles.	Ernst Hunter Wright	1892
date of birth	Nikhil Upreti was born on 10 August 1980, to Govinda Upreti and Bhoj Kumari Upreti in Piprabhitta of Sarlahi, Nepal.	Nikhil Upreti	10 August 1980
date of birth	John David Caute (born 16 December 1936 in Alexandria, Egypt) is a British author, novelist, playwright, historian and journalist.	David Caute	16 December 1936
date of birth	Niall Carew (born 1974) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer and hurler.	Niall Carew	1974
date of birth	Pandit Nilakantha Das, was born on 5 August 1884 in the village Sri Ramchandrapur of Puri district.	Nilakantha Das	5 August 1884
date of birth	Margaret Pemberton, née Hudson (born 10 April 1943), is a British writer of women's fiction since 1975.	Margaret Pemberton	10 April 1943
date of birth	Janet Werner (born 1959, Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Montreal based artist.	Janet Werner	1959
date of birth	Karine Costa is a French singer born in 1977 in Paris, particularly known for her songs from Disney films.	Karine Costa	1977
date of birth	Elizabeth Neel (b. 1975, Stowe, Vermont) is an American artist based in New York.	Elizabeth Neel	1975
date of birth	Rhiannon Lassiter (born February 1977) is a children's books author.	Rhiannon Lassiter	1977
date of birth	Danny Saber (born 1966) is a Los Angeles, California musician, audio engineer, record producer, and remixer.	Danny Saber	1966
date of birth	Low Sook Yee (Chinese: 劉紓妤; pinyin: Liú Shúyu; born 11 December 1989) or popularly known as Suki Low, is the winner in the One in a Million competition.	Suki Low	11 December 1989
date of birth	Sharman Kadish (born 1959) is a contemporary scholar, author, and historian with particular expertise in Jewish British history and with several publications under her name.	Sharman Kadish	1959
date of birth	Paul Mebus (9 June 1920 -- 11 December 1993) was a German footballer.	Paul Mebus	9 June 1920
date of birth	Marion William Dufilho (1916-1942) was an American military officer posthumously decorated for heroism during World War II. Dufilho was born 22 May 1916 in Opelousas, Louisiana, and graduated from the Naval Academy 2 June 1938.	Marion William Dufilho	22 May 1916
date of birth	Patrick Matibini (born 20 July 1959) is a Zambian politician, lawyer and former judge.	Patrick Matibini	20 July 1959
date of birth	Andreas Wiegel (born 21 July 1991) is a German footballer currently playing for MSV Duisburg as a striker.	Andreas Wiegel	21 July 1991
date of birth	Polidoro Caldara, usually known as Polidoro da Caravaggio (c. 1499 -- 1543) was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period, ``arguably the most gifted and certainly the least conventional of Raphael's pupils'', who was best known for his now-vanished paintings on the facades of Roman houses.	Polidoro da Caravaggio	1499
date of birth	Rudolf Baričević (1914, Jablanac -- November 10, 1999, Zagreb) was a member of the Croatian Home Guard who participated in the Battle of Stalingrad with the 369th Reinforced Infantry Regiment.	Rudolf Baričević	1914
date of birth	Emánuel Moór (19 February 1863 -- 20 October 1931) was a Hungarian composer, pianist, and inventor of musical instruments.	Emánuel Moór	19 February 1863
date of birth	Willie Mathieson (born 20 July 1943) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the left-back position for Rangers, amongst other clubs.	Willie Mathieson	20 July 1943
date of birth	Hanna Karasiova (Belarusian: Ганна Карасёва; born 8 January 1978) is an athlete from Belarus.	Hanna Karasiova	8 January 1978
date of birth	Vasyl Virastyuk (Ukrainian: Василь Вірастюк; born 22 April 1974), is a Ukrainian former strongman competitor.	Vasyl Virastyuk	22 April 1974
date of birth	Richard Laurence (1760--1838) was an English Hebraist and Anglican churchman.	Richard Laurence	1760
date of birth	Olaf Zinke (born 9 October 1966) is a former speed skater.	Olaf Zinke	9 October 1966
date of birth	Melina Marchetta (born 25 March 1965) is an Australian writer and teacher.	Melina Marchetta	25 March 1965
date of birth	Henry McKinstry (born 1805, Antrim, Ireland - died April 17, 1871) was mayor of Hamilton, Ontario from 1859 to 1861.	Henry McKinstry	1805
date of birth	Duane Flatmo (born 1957) is an American artist best known for his murals, label art and kinetic art sculptures in northern California.	Duane Flatmo	1957
date of birth	Othman Al Omeir (born 1950) is a Saudi-born British businessman, journalist and editor.	Othman Al Omeir	1950
date of birth	Arthur J. Samberg (born 1941) was the chief executive officer, president and chairman of Pequot Capital Management, a hedge fund which at one point was the largest in the world at over $15 billion.	Arthur J. Samberg	1941
date of birth	Khieu Kanharith (born 13 September 1951) is the Cambodian Minister of Information.	Khieu Kanharith	13 September 1951
date of birth	Hugh Bourne (1772--1852) along with William Clowes was the joint founder of Primitive Methodism, the largest offshoot of Wesleyan Methodism and, in the mid nineteenth century, an influential Protestant Christian movement in its own right.	Hugh Bourne	1772
date of birth	Mark Britnell (born 1966) is Chairman and Senior Partner for the Global Health Practice of the professional services firm KPMG.	Mark Britnell	1966
date of birth	Swati Singh (born 2 October 1987) is an Indian weightlifter who won the bronze medal in the women's 53 kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow.	Swati Singh	2 October 1987
date of birth	Marcin Maliński (born 10 January 1973) is a retired Polish swimmer who won three medals in the 200 m and 400 m individual medley events at European World championships in 1995.	Marcin Maliński	10 January 1973
date of birth	David James Jones (22 December 1886 -- 23 July 1947), was a Welsh philosopher and academic.	David James Jones	1886
date of birth	Captain Henry Meintjes (25 December 1892 -- ??) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.	Henry Meintjes	25 December 1892
date of birth	Kurt Hovelijnck (born 2 June 1981) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2005 and 2013, competing for the Topsport Vlaanderen, Quick Step, Donckers Koffie-Jelly Belly and Crelan-Euphony squads.	Kurt Hovelijnck	2 June 1981
date of birth	Rev. Felix Biestek (1912--1994) was an American priest and professor who made significant contributions to the field of social work during its period of expansion following World War II. Biestek was born in Cicero, Illinois and graduated from Loyola University of Chicago in 1938.	Felix Biestek	1912
date of birth	Malcolm Guthrie (10 February 1903 -- 22 November 1972), professor of Bantu languages, is known primarily for his classification of Bantu languages (Guthrie 1971).	Malcolm Guthrie	10 February 1903
date of birth	Said Suleiman Said (born 15 June 1958) is a Tanzanian CUF politician and Member of Parliament for Mtambwe constituency since 2010.	Said Suleiman Said	15 June 1958
date of birth	Jason Forbes (born 27 October 1990) is a British actor and comedian best known for the CITV series Horrible Science, for playing PC Peasey in the Professor Branestawm movies on BBC One, and as a member of the award-winning sketch trio 'Daphne'.	Jason Forbes	27 October 1990
date of birth	Nematullah Shahrani (born 1941) is a prominent Afghan scholar.	Nematullah Shahrani	1941
date of birth	Renette Pauline Soutendijk, known as Renée Soutendijk (born 21 May 1957), is a Dutch actress.	Renée Soutendijk	21 May 1957
date of birth	Jean Ranc (28 January 1674 -- 1 July 1735) was a French painter, mainly active in portraiture.	Jean Ranc	28 January 1674
date of birth	Charles E. Freeman (born 1933) is an American attorney and first district justice of the Illinois Supreme Court.	Charles E. Freeman	1933
date of birth	Courtney Atkinson (born 15 August 1979) is a professional Australian triathlete born in Mackay, Queensland.	Courtney Atkinson	15 August 1979
date of birth	Amos Townsend (1821 - March 17, 1895) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.	Amos Townsend	1821
date of birth	Anthony Hewitt (born in 1971) is a classical pianist from the Lake District, England.	Anthony Hewitt	1971
date of birth	Mark Philippi (born 21 March 1963) is an American world champion powerlifter and strongman competitor.	Mark Philippi	21 March 1963
date of birth	Zhong Huandi (born 28 June 1967 in Yunnan) is a retired Chinese long-distance runner who concentrated on the 3000 and 10,000 metres, and later the marathon.	Zhong Huandi	28 June 1967
date of birth	Sandra Chambers, also known as Sandy Chambers or simply Sandy, (born 11 April 1967) is a British dance music vocalist.	Sandra Chambers	11 April 1967
date of birth	Glen Fukushima (born 1949) is a Japanese American business leader and former public servant.	Glen Fukushima	1949
date of birth	Avner Shats (Hebrew: אבנר שץ‎; born 1959) is an Israeli author and poet.	Avner Shats	1959
date of birth	Dirk Tazelaar (born 13 January 1963) is a former Australian first class cricketer who played for Queensland.	Dirk Tazelaar	13 January 1963
date of birth	N. Sasidharan (born 1952) is an Indian Botanist.	N. Sasidharan	1952
date of birth	Konrad Kolšek (1933--2009) was a Slovenian Yugoslav Colonel General who came to prominence during the Slovenian Independence War.	Konrad Kolšek	1933
date of birth	Yann Demange (born 1976 or 1977) is a French film director.	Yann Demange	1977
date of birth	Eric Lichtblau (born 1965) is a United States journalist and Washington bureau reporter for The New York Times.	Eric Lichtblau	1965
date of birth	Ann Downer was born in Arlington, Virginia in 1960 and grew up in Manila and Bangkok and recalled avidly reading fantasy fiction.	Ann Downer	1960
date of birth	Stanisław Kluza ((sta'ɲiswaf 'kluza), born 2 June 1972 in Warsaw) is a Polish economist who, from July 14 to September 22, 2006, was the Finance Minister in the cabinet of Jarosław Kaczyński.	Stanisław Kluza	2 June 1972
date of birth	Heinrich Blyssen (Latin Henricus Blissemius, Czech Jindřich Blyssem) (1526 -- April 24, 1586) was a German Jesuit controversialist against the Hussites of Bohemia.	Heinrich Blyssen	1526
date of birth	Luis Sandrini (22 February 1905 -- 5 July 1980) was a prolific Argentine comic film actor and film producer.	Luis Sandrini	22 February 1905
date of birth	Godfried Schalcken or Gottfried Schalken (1643 -- November 16, 1706), was a Dutch genre and portrait painter.	Godfried Schalcken	1643
date of birth	Catharina Ulrika Hjort af Ornäs (6 January 1767 - 11 January 1837) was a Swedish noblewoman and the victim of a murder case which was famous in contemporary Sweden.	Catharina Ulrika Hjort af Ornäs	1767
date of birth	Edevaldo Grimaldi (born 6 June 1984) is a former Italian professional footballer.	Edevaldo Grimaldi	6 June 1984
date of birth	María Teresita de Jesús Reyes Aleuanlli (born 4 February 1950 in Osorno), known as Teresita Reyes, is a Chilean actress.	Teresita Reyes	4 February 1950
date of birth	Henry Churchill King (1858--1934) was an American Congregationalist theologian, educator, and author.	Henry Churchill King	1858
date of birth	Eliel Williams Lazo Linares (known as Eliel Lazo or Gods Hands) (born 1 November 1983 in Havana) is a Cuban percussionist, songwriter, composer, producer, jazz, rock, Latin and pop musician living in Denmark.	Eliel Lazo	1 November 1983
date of birth	Nandlal Nehru (1845 -- 1887) was the Diwan of Khetri in Rajasthan.	Nandlal Nehru	1845
date of birth	Damir Zlomislić (born 20 July 1991) is a Bosnian Croat footballer who plays for Istra 1961 in the Croatian First Football League, on loan from Rijeka.	Damir Zlomislić	20 July 1991
date of birth	Lauro Aguirre (1855 -- January 9, 1925) was an engineer and journalist who was active during events that foreshadowed the Mexican Revolution.	Lauro Aguirre	1855
date of birth	Henry Bard, 1st Viscount Bellomont (1616 -- June 20, 1656) was an English Royalist.	Henry Bard, 1st Viscount Bellomont	1616
date of birth	Bernard Jones (born 27 September 1924) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Port Vale.	Bernard Jones	27 September 1924
date of birth	Amedeo Minghi (born 12 August 1947) is an Italian singer-songwriter, composer and producer.	Amedeo Minghi	12 August 1947
date of birth	Tim Gilissen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɪm ˈɣilɪsə(n))) (born 4 June 1982) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a Midfielder.	Tim Gilissen	4 June 1982
date of birth	John L. Pennington (1829 -- July 11, 1900) was an American politician and newspaper publisher.	John L. Pennington	1829
date of birth	Tony deBrum (born 1945) is a Marshallese politician and government minister.	Tony deBrum	1945
date of birth	Richard Hadley (born 29 March 1983) is an Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Richard Hadley	29 March 1983
date of birth	Karen Matheson OBE (born 11 February 1963) is a Scottish folk singer, who frequently sings in Scottish Gaelic.	Karen Matheson	11 February 1963
date of birth	Samson Oni (born 25 June 1981) is a Nigerian-English high jumper.	Samson Oni	25 June 1981
date of birth	Moon Sang-yun (Hangul: 문상윤; born 9 January 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Jeonbuk Hyundai in the K League Classic.	Moon Sang-yun	9 January 1991
date of birth	Dzyanis Karolik (Belarusian: Дзяніс Каролік; Russian: Денис Каролик; born 7 May 1979) is a retired Belarusian professional football player.	Dzyanis Karolik	7 May 1979
date of birth	Leandro Rocha dos Santos, commonly known as Leandro (born 13 December 1987 in São Paulo city, São Paulo) is a Brazilian football player at the position of striker.	Leandro Rocha dos Santos	13 December 1987
date of birth	Mohamed Nafa (Arabic: محمد نفاع‎, Hebrew: מוחמד נפאע‎; born 15 May 1939) is a Druze Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Hadash from 1990 until 1992.	Mohamed Nafa	15 May 1939
date of birth	George William Nicol (1810-1884) was the first African Colonial Secretary of Sierra Leone and was one of few African senior level colonial officials in Freetown during the 19th century.	George William Nicol	1810
date of birth	Abba Kompaneyets (Абе or Аба Гирш-Лейбович Компанеец, 1870--1946) was a Yiddish theatre troupe manager and actor in Russia, Latvia and Poland.	Abba Kompaneyets	1870
date of birth	Svatopluk Sládeček is a Czech architect (born 29 December 1969 in Zlín), well known for his ``figurative architecture''.	Svatopluk Sládeček	29 December 1969
date of birth	La Prohibida (in Spanish, The Forbidden Woman), previously ``'La Perdida''' (The Lost Woman) is the stage name of Amapola López (born Luis Herrero Cortés, 1971), a Spanish transgender pop and electronic music singer.	La Prohibida	1971
date of birth	Hreiðar Már Sigurðsson (born 19 November 1970) is an Icelandic business manager working in international finance, and from 2003 to 2008, was the CEO of Kaupthing Bank.	Hreiðar Már Sigurðsson	19 November 1970
date of birth	Cornel Lichtenberg was a Hungarian aurist; born in 1848 at Szeged; studied at Budapest and Vienna (M. D. 1873).	Cornel Lichtenberg	1848
date of birth	Bessie Thomashefsky (1873 -- July 6, 1962) was a Russian-born Jewish American singer, actress and comedian, a star in Yiddish theater beginning in the 1890s.	Bessie Thomashefsky	1873
date of birth	Carl Donnelly (born 13 January 1982 in Tooting, London) is an English stand-up comedian and writer.	Carl Donnelly	13 January 1982
date of birth	Jacob Joseph (Hebrew: יעקב יוסף‎ 1840 --July 28, 1902) served as chief rabbi of New York City's Association of American Orthodox Hebrew Congregations, a federation of Eastern European Jewish synagogues.	Jacob Joseph	1840
date of birth	Dr Chia Thye Poh (born 1941) is a Singaporean former political prisoner.	Chia Thye Poh	1941
date of birth	Nikolaos Thon (Greek: Νικόλαος Θων; 1850--1906) was a Greek courtier and businessman.	Nikolaos Thon	1850
date of birth	Dimitris Horn (Greek: Δημήτρης Χορν) (9 March 1921 -- 16 January 1995) was a Greek theatrical and film performer of modern times.	Dimitris Horn	9 March 1921
date of birth	Justin Keeler (born 17 April 1978) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Bournemouth.	Justin Keeler	17 April 1978
date of birth	John P. Hart, born 1960, currently serves a president and CEO of the Impact Center, a nonpartisan nonprofit working to educate citizens, train activists, and develop leaders.	John P. Hart	1960
date of birth	Marie Prins (born 1948, married name Marie Jordaan) is a South African botanist.	Marie Prins	1948
date of birth	Sheetal Khadun; (born 20 June 1989) is a Mauritian Beauty Pageant winner and former Miss Mauritius 2013.	Sheetal Khadun	20 June 1989
date of birth	Yōzan Dirk W. Mosig (born 1943) is a psychologist, historian, literary critic and ordained Zen monk noted for his critical work on H. P. Lovecraft.	Dirk W. Mosig	1943
date of birth	Prince Kwidama (born 23 March 1985) is a Dutch Antillean sprinter.	Prince Kwidama	23 March 1985
date of birth	Adriano Passuello (born 3 November 1942) is a retired Italian professional road cyclist.	Adriano Passuello	3 November 1942
date of birth	Louise Bates Ames (29 October 1908 -- 31 October 1996) was an American psychologist specializing in child development.	Louise Bates Ames	29 October 1908
date of birth	Major Marc Dauphin (born 6 February 1953) is a retired Canadian military surgeon.	Marc Dauphin	6 February 1953
date of birth	Beatriz Kimpa Vita (1684--1706), was a Kongo Empire prophet and leader of her own Christian movement, Antonianism, this movement taught that Jesus and other early Christian figures were from the Kongo Empire.	Kimpa Vita	1684
date of birth	John Schneeberger (born 1961) is a Zambian-born former physician who drugged and raped one of his female patients and his stepdaughter while pursuing a medical career in Canada.	John Schneeberger	1961
date of birth	William Stanyhurst (1602 -- 1663) was a Belgian Jesuit of Irish parentage.	William Stanyhurst	1602
date of birth	Borislav Hazurov (Bulgarian: Борислав Хазуров; born 4 October 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays for Bansko as a striker.	Borislav Hazurov	4 October 1985
date of birth	Edmund F. Burton (1862 -- October 25, 1921) was an American physician who left medicine for the study of Christian Science.	Edmund F. Burton	1862
date of birth	Uffa Fox, CBE (15 January 1898 -- 26 October 1972) was an English boat designer and sailing enthusiast.	Uffa Fox	15 January 1898
date of birth	Jordan Russolillo (born 3 April 1984) is an American former professional soccer player	Jordan Russolillo	3 April 1984
date of birth	W. Scott Bales (born 1956) is the Chief Justice of the Arizona Supreme Court.	Scott Bales	1956
date of birth	Arthur H. Clark (born 1924) is an award-winning Australian sculptor from Bundaberg, in Queensland.	Arthur H. Clark	1924
date of birth	Herbert Lawrence Bridgman (1844 -- September 24, 1924) was an American explorer and journalist described as the ``Ulysses of journalists'' for his work organizing the Robert Peary expedition to the North Pole.	Herbert Lawrence Bridgman	1844
date of birth	Peter Kopteff (born 10 April 1979) is a Finnish former footballer who played in the position of left winger.	Peter Kopteff	10 April 1979
date of birth	Ola Bjørnstad (born 12 November 1940) is a Norwegian forester and civil servant.	Ola Bjørnstad	12 November 1940
date of birth	Aviad Meitar (born 1959) is the Chairman of Quadrant European Beverages Limited, the Pepsi bottler for Bulgaria.	Aviad Meitar	1959
date of birth	Cara Readle (born 8 January 1991) is a Welsh actress, known mainly for her role as Layla in The Story of Tracy Beaker from series three to five.	Cara Readle	8 January 1991
date of birth	Erling Naper (born 24 June 1936) is a Norwegian banker and civil servant.	Erling Naper	24 June 1936
date of birth	M. S. Sundari Bai (1923--2006), often credited as Sundari Bai or Sundarabai, was an Indian film actress and dancer who worked mainly in Tamil cinema from the 1940s to the 1970s.	M. S. Sundari Bai	1923
date of birth	Lee Tze-Fan (Chinese:李澤藩, 5 June 1907 Hsinchu, Japanese Taiwan - 10 July 1989) was a Taiwanese painter and art teacher.	Lee Tze-Fan	5 June 1907
date of birth	Christopher Kier (born 1959 in Toronto) is an encaustic painter who graduated from the Ontario College of Art in 1987.	Christopher Kier	1959
date of birth	Samuel Ledgard (1874--1952) was a Leeds entrepreneur who became a major West Yorkshire Independent bus operator.	Samuel Ledgard	1874
date of birth	Robert Ssentongo (born 5 June 1986) is an Ugandan international footballer who plays for Ethiopian club Saint George, as a striker.	Robert Ssentongo	5 June 1986
date of birth	Monika Grimm (born 18 May 1940, Schönfels bei Zwickau) is a German pop singer and actress.	Monika Grimm	18 May 1940
date of birth	Julia Simic (Croatian: Julija Šimić; born 14 May 1989) is a professional women's footballer for VfL Wolfsburg.	Julia Simic	14 May 1989
date of birth	Graham Molloy (born 26 June 1947) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the VFL during the 1970s.	Graham Molloy	26 June 1947
date of birth	Johanna Hargreaves (born 18 June 1963) is a British television actress who has been active since 1980, best known for playing ``Stella'' in the 1983 teenage drama Johnny Jarvis and ``Linda Jordan'' in the 1992 police drama Between the Lines.	Johanna Hargreaves	18 June 1963
date of birth	Zinovy Reichstein (born 1961) is a Russian-born American mathematician.	Zinovy Reichstein	1961
date of birth	Emperor Ming of Han, (simplified Chinese: 汉明帝; traditional Chinese: 漢明帝; pinyin: hàn míng dì; Wade-Giles: Han Ming-ti), (28--75) was second emperor of the Chinese Eastern Han Dynasty.	Emperor Ming of Han	28
date of birth	Aidan Downes (born 24 July 1988) is an Irish professional footballer who last played for Bohemians in the League of Ireland Premier Division.	Aidan Downes	24 July 1988
date of birth	Elizabeth Rayner or Raynor, née Collier (1714--1800) was a British Unitarian benefactress.	Elizabeth Rayner	1714
date of birth	Mario Occhiuto (born 6 January 1964), is an Italian politician and architect.	Mario Occhiuto	6 January 1964
date of birth	Joseph Clayton Bentley (1809--1851) was an English line-engraver and painter.	Joseph Clayton Bentley	1809
date of birth	Sir Sydney Caine, KCMG (27 June 1902 -- 2 January 1991) was an educator and economist.	Sydney Caine	1902
date of birth	Kris Thackray (born 27 April 1988 in Newcastle Upon Tyne) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for Alemannia Aachen in the Regionalliga West.	Kris Thackray	27 April 1988
date of birth	Stefan Kürten (born 1963, Düsseldorf, Germany) is a contemporary artist based in Düsseldorf and New York.	Stefan Kürten	1963
date of birth	Sarah Eadon (born 9 October 1991) is a footballer currently playing for Newcastle United Women's FC.	Sarah Eadon	9 October 1991
date of birth	Dewi Muria Agung (born 16 December 1985), better known by her stage name Dewi Persik (also spelled Dewi Perssik) and nicknamed Depe after her monogram, is an Indonesian dangdut singer.	Dewi Persik	16 December 1985
date of death	Libo Rupilius Frugi (flourished 1st century, died 101), whose full name was Lucius Scribonius Libo Rupilius Frugi Bonus, was a Roman suffect consul and an ancestor to Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius.	Libo Rupilius Frugi	101
developer	Sorcerer Lord is turn based strategy-fantasy game published and developed by now defunct Personal Software Services.	Sorcerer Lord	Personal Software Services
director	Oru Painkilikatha is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Balachandra Menon and produced by Varada Balachandra Menon.	Oru Painkilikatha	Balachandra Menon
dissolved or abolished	In early September 2004, amid internal turmoil, the remnants of Otpor! merged into the Democratic Party led by Boris Tadić.	Otpor!	September 2004
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Carmona was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed for two distinct periods; first from 1013 to 1066 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Seville, and secondly from around 1143 to 1150 when it was finally conquered by the Almohads.	Taifa of Carmona	1150
dissolved or abolished	Shu or Shu Han (221--263) was one of the three major states that competed for supremacy over China in the Three Kingdoms period (220--280).	Shu Han	263
dissolved or abolished	Roggenburg Abbey (Kloster Roggenburg or Reichsstift Roggenburg) is a Premonstratensian canonry in Roggenburg near Neu-Ulm, Bavaria, in operation between 1126 and 1802, and again from its re-foundation in 1986.	Roggenburg Abbey	1802
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Córdoba (Spanish: Reino de Córdoba; English often: Kingdom of Cordova) was a territorial jurisdiction of the Crown of Castile from the time it was won from Muslim rule in 1236 during the Reconquista until Javier de Burgos' provincial division of Spain in 1833.	Kingdom of Córdoba	1833
dissolved or abolished	The Bourbon Restoration was the period of French history following the fall of Napoleon in 1814 until the July Revolution of 1830.	Bourbon Restoration	1830
dissolved or abolished	Wettenhausen Abbey (German: Kloster Wettenhausen, Reichsabtei Wettenhausen) was an Imperial Abbey of Augustinian Canons until its secularization in 1802-1803.	Wettenhausen Abbey	1803
dissolved or abolished	The Niagara District was a historic district in Upper Canada which existed until 1849.	Niagara District	1849
dissolved or abolished	Yamamoto retired, and the Ichiwa-kai dissolved in March, 1989.	Ichiwa-kai	1989
dissolved or abolished	Tarnów Voivodeship (Polish: województwo tarnowskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975--1998, superseded by Lesser Poland Voivodeship.	Tarnów Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	A Transfer Order was made by the High Court in Dublin under the Credit Institutions (Stabilisation) Act 2010 transferring the assets and liabilities of Irish Nationwide Building Society (``INBS'') to Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Limited (``Anglo'' or the ``Bank'') on 1 July 2011.	Anglo Irish Bank	1 July 2011
dissolved or abolished	Steamtown, U.S.A., was a steam locomotive museum that ran steam excursions out of North Walpole, New Hampshire, and Bellows Falls, Vermont, from the 1960s to 1983.	Steamtown, U.S.A.	1983
dissolved or abolished	On May 21, 2010, John Slevin the chairman of BFG Technologies, announced that they would no longer be developing graphics cards, as it was not profitable for them.	BFG Technologies	2010
dissolved or abolished	Has been replaced on 26th April 2015 by the Cormano-Cusano Milanino railway station.	Cusano Milanino railway station	2015
dissolved or abolished	Vaino Väljas (1992-1995) Hillar Eller (1995-1996) Tiit Toomsalu (1996-2004) Sirje Kingsepp (2004-2007) On 28 June 2008, the Estonian Left Party and the Constitution Party merged to form the Estonian United Left Party (Eestimaa Ühendatud Vasakpartei).	Estonian Left Party	28 June 2008
dissolved or abolished	In 1794 Revolutionary France occupied the Duchy of Jülich (Duché de Juliers), which became part of the French département of the Roer.	Duchy of Jülich	1794
dissolved or abolished	Dallas Semiconductor, acquired by Maxim Integrated Products in 2001, designed and manufactured analog, digital, and mixed-signal semiconductors (integrated circuits, or ICs).	Dallas Semiconductor	2001
dissolved or abolished	However, due to its size and location, Jingnan was the first of the kingdoms to succumb to the Song Dynasty, surrendering when armies from the north invaded in 963, ending the kingdom.	Jingnan	963
dissolved or abolished	The final restaurant to carry the Burger Chef name closed in 1996.	Burger Chef	1996
dissolved or abolished	However, for more financial stability, Sega began consolidating its studios into six main ones (Sega Wow, Sega AM2, Hitmaker, Amusement Vision, Smilebit, Sonic Team) and merged them back into a uniform R&D structure in 2004.	Sega Wow	2004
dissolved or abolished	Independence/Democracy (IND/DEM) was a Eurosceptic political group active during the 2004--2009 term of the European Parliament.	Independence/Democracy	2009
dissolved or abolished	After the capture of Tartu and the Christianisation of the Ugandians in 1224 Tālava was divided between the Bishopric of Riga and the Brothers of the Sword, the bishop receiving 2/3 and the Sword Brothers 1/3 of Tālava.	Tālava	1224
dissolved or abolished	The alliance was disbanded in December 2007, upon which the SDI merged with the Association for the Rose in the Fist and other minor movements to form the modern-day Italian Socialist Party.	Rose in the Fist	2007
dissolved or abolished	Auto-Mixte built cars between 1906 and 1912 using a hybrid-technology under license from Pieper, after Henri Pieper died.	Auto-Mixte	1912
dissolved or abolished	The De Riancey was a French automobile manufactured from 1898 until around 1901.	De Riancey	1901
dissolved or abolished	The Spanish West Indies were also the most enduring part of Spain's American Empire, only being surrendered in 1898 at the end of the Spanish--	Spanish West Indies	1898
dissolved or abolished	In 907 the Tang dynasty was ended when Zhu Wen, now a military governor, deposed the last emperor of Tang, Emperor Ai of Tang, and took the throne for himself (known posthumously as Emperor Taizu of Later Liang).	Tang dynasty	907
dissolved or abolished	Oy Andrée & Rosenqvist Ab (shorter form Oy Andros Ab) was a boat building yard and engineering works in Turku, Finland in 1906--1939.	Andrée & Rosenqvist	1939
dissolved or abolished	The K'iche' kingdom of Q'umarkaj was a state in the highlands of modern-day Guatemala which was founded by the K'iche' (Quiché) Maya in the thirteenth century, and which expanded through the fifteenth century until it was conquered by Spanish and Nahua forces led by Pedro de Alvarado in 1524.	K'iche' kingdom of Q'umarkaj	1524
dissolved or abolished	The Alabama Territory was carved from the Mississippi Territory on August 15, 1817; lasting until December 14, 1819, when it was admitted to the Union as the twenty second state.	Alabama Territory	1819
dissolved or abolished	The Second Republic of South Korea was the government of South Korea for eight months in 1960 and 1961.	Second Republic of South Korea	1961
dissolved or abolished	Flatt and Scruggs and The Foggy Mountain Boys (in various forms and line-ups) recorded and performed together up until 1969.	Foggy Mountain Boys	1969
dissolved or abolished	The Lurquin-Coudert was a French automobile manufactured in Paris from 1906 (or 1907) until 1914.	Lurquin-Coudert	1914
dissolved or abolished	Detroit Electric (1907--1939, revived in 2008) was an electric car produced by the Anderson Electric Car Company in Detroit, Michigan.	Detroit Electric	1939
dissolved or abolished	British Airways Ltd was a British airline company operating in Europe in the period 1935--1939.	British Airways Ltd	1939
dissolved or abolished	After 12 months of operation, Direct Fly suspended operations effective from May 7, 2007.	Direct Fly	2007
dissolved or abolished	Cisco Systems announced on January 4, 2007 that it would buy IronPort in a deal valued at US$830 million, and completed the acquisition on June 25, 2007.	IronPort	2007
dissolved or abolished	The Imperial and Royal Aviation Troops (Kaiserliche und Königliche Luftfahrtruppen or K.u.K. Luftfahrtruppen) was the air force of the Austrian-Hungarian Empire until the empire's demise in 1918.	Imperial and Royal Aviation Troops	1918
employer	Giovanna Borasi (born 1971 in Milan, Italy) is Chief Curator of the Canadian Centre for Architecture (CCA) in Montreal, Canada since 2014.	Giovanna Borasi	Canadian Centre for Architecture
employer	R. Michael Roberts (born 1940) is an American biologist and a Curators' Professor of animal science at the University of Missouri.	R. Michael Roberts	University of Missouri
employer	James R. Whelan (July 27, 1933 -- December 1, 2012) was a journalist and historian who served as the first editor in chief of The Washington Times, holding the position from 1982 to 1984.	James R. Whelan	The Washington Times
employer	Ernest DeWitt Burton (1856--1925) was an American biblical scholar and president of the University of Chicago.	Ernest DeWitt Burton	University of Chicago
employer	Myrna Gopnik is a Professor Emerita of Linguistics at McGill University.	Myrna Gopnik	McGill University
employer	Merrill Swain is a professor emerita of second-language education at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education, University of Toronto.	Merrill Swain	University of Toronto
employer	Sherman Kent (December 6, 1903 -- March 11, 1986), was a Yale University history professor who, during World War II and through 17 years of Cold War-era service in the Central Intelligence Agency, pioneered many of the methods of intelligence analysis.	Sherman Kent	Yale University
employer	Hannele Ruohola-Baker is a Professor of Biochemistry and Associate Director of the Institute for Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine at the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington.	Hannele Ruohola-Baker	University of Washington
employer	Yoshito Kishi (born 13 April 1937 in Nagoya, Japan) is the Morris Loeb Professor of Chemistry at Harvard University.	Yoshito Kishi	Harvard University
employer	Saba Valadkhan (Persian: صبا ولدخان‎) is an Iranian American biomedical scientist, and an Assistant Professor and RNA researcher at Case Western Reserve University.	Saba Valadkhan	Case Western Reserve University
employer	Salil Shetty (born 3 February 1961) is an Indian human rights activist who currently serves as Secretary General of the human rights organization Amnesty International (2010--present).	Salil Shetty	Amnesty International
employer	Elmer Ellis (July 27, 1901 -- August 27, 1989) was an American educator and fourteenth president of the University of Missouri, from 1955 to 1966, and first president of the University of Missouri System.	Elmer Ellis	University of Missouri
employer	Kees Klop (18 December 1947, The Hague -- 31 August 2007, The Hague) was a Dutch professor of political ethics at Radboud University Nijmegen.	Kees Klop	Radboud University Nijmegen
employer	Roger Harrabin (born 28 March 1955) is the BBC's Environment Analyst, and one of their senior journalists on the environment and energy.	Roger Harrabin	BBC
employer	Paul Robert Magocsi (born January 26, 1945, Englewood, New Jersey, United States) is an American professor of history, political science, and Chair of Ukrainian Studies at the University of Toronto.	Paul Robert Magocsi	University of Toronto
employer	Hortense Spillers (born 1942) is an American literary critic, Black Feminist scholar and the Gertrude Conaway Vanderbilt Professor at Vanderbilt University.	Hortense Spillers	Vanderbilt University
employer	Juliet Morrow is an American archaeologist and a professor of Anthropology at Arkansas State University in Jonesboro, Arkansas.	Juliet Morrow	Arkansas State University
employer	Lisa Wedeen is Professor of Political Science at the University of Chicago specializing in comparative politics, the Middle East, political theory, and feminist theory.	Lisa Wedeen	University of Chicago
employer	From September 2006 until 2007, Joschka Fischer was a senior fellow at the Liechtenstein Institute on Self-Determination, and as a visiting professor co-taught with Wolfgang F. Danspeckgruber at Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, both at Princeton University.	Joschka Fischer	Princeton University
employer	Tali Sharot is an associate professor of cognitive neuroscience in the department of Experimental Psychology at University College London.	Tali Sharot	University College London
employer	Emil Kang (born 1968 in New York) serves as the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's first Executive Director for the Arts, a senior administrative post created to help unify and elevate the performing arts at the University.	Emil Kang	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Matthew Flatt is an American computer scientist, currently a professor of computer science at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City.	Matthew Flatt	University of Utah
employer	Michael A. Arbib (born 28 May 1940 in England) is the Fletcher Jones Professor of Computer Science, as well as a Professor of Biological Sciences, Biomedical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Neuroscience and Psychology at the University of Southern California (USC).	Michael A. Arbib	University of Southern California
employer	George Drew Coble (born December 18, 1947) is a former professional baseball umpire who worked in the American League from 1979 to 1999.	Drew Coble	American League
employer	Paul Mayhew-Archer (born 6 January 1953) is a British writer, producer and script editor for the BBC.	Paul Mayhew-Archer	BBC
employer	Frank van Harmelen (born 1960) is a Dutch Computer Scientist and Professor in Knowledge Representation & Reasoning in the AI department at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.	Frank van Harmelen	Vrije Universiteit
employer	Min Zhuo (born 1964) is a pain neuroscientist at the University of Toronto in Canada.	Min Zhuo	University of Toronto
employer	Christiane Linster is a Luxembourg-born behavioral neuroscientist and a professor in the Department of Neurobiology and Behavior at Cornell University.	Christiane Linster	Cornell University
employer	Tata Subba Rao (born 1942) is emeritus professor of statistics in the School of Mathematics, University of Manchester.	Tata Subba Rao	University of Manchester
employer	David Gabai, a mathematician, is the Hughes-Rogers Professor of Mathematics at Princeton University.	David Gabai	Princeton University
employer	Alfred Rehder (4 September 1863, Waldenburg, Saxony -- 25 July 1949) was a horticulturist and taxonomist who worked at the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University.	Alfred Rehder	Harvard University
employer	Ray Pawson is Professor of Social Research Methodology in the School of Sociology and Social Policy at the University of Leeds.	Ray Pawson	University of Leeds
employer	Quentin Cooper (born 1961, Grimsby) is a science journalist and facilitator, best known as the presenter of BBC Radio 4's Material World.	Quentin Cooper	BBC
employer	Éric Falt (born 22 August 1962 in Lyon, France) is a French senior official at the United Nations.	Éric Falt	United Nations
employer	James Jesus Angleton (December 9, 1917 -- May 11, 1987) was chief of the Central Intelligence Agency's Counterintelligence Staff from 1954 to 1975.	James Jesus Angleton	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Warren P. McGuirk (January 2, 1906 -- February 19, 1981) was the dean of the School of Physical Education and Director of Athletics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass) from 1948 to 1971, and an active figure in New England sports.	Warren P. McGuirk	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Helen Rodd is a Canadian zoologist and Associate professor at the University of Toronto.	Helen Rodd	University of Toronto
employer	Professor Raymond Viskanta is W. F. M. Goss Professor of Engineering at Purdue University.	Raymond Viskanta	Purdue University
employer	Vikram Lal (born 1942) is an Indian businessman, the former CEO of Eicher Motors, Indian commercial vehicle manufacturer based in New Delhi, India.	Vikram Lal	Eicher Motors
employer	Miriam G. Sherin is a professor in the School of Education and Social Policy and the Learning Sciences Department at Northwestern University.	Miriam G. Sherin	Northwestern University
employer	Robert W. Young (May 18, 1912 -- February 20, 2007), professor emeritus of linguistics at the University of New Mexico, was an American linguist known for his work on the Navajo language.	Robert W. Young	University of New Mexico
employer	Richard Sennett (born 1 January 1943) is the Centennial Professor of Sociology at the London School of Economics and University Professor of the Humanities at New York University.	Richard Sennett	London School of Economics	New York University
employer	Since 2005 Sophie Calle has taught as a professor of film and photography at European Graduate School in Saas-Fee, Switzerland.	Sophie Calle	European Graduate School
employer	Hans Wilhelm Schüßler (February 28, 1928 -- December 9, 2007) was a German telecommunications engineer, professor at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, an IEEE Fellow and a pioneer in communications systems and digital signal processing.	Hans Wilhelm Schüßler	University of Erlangen-Nuremberg
employer	Jack G. Downing was Deputy Director for Operations (DDO) for the Central Intelligence Agency from 1997 until July, 1999.	Jack G. Downing	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Brady J. Deaton, (born August 25, 1942) is an American educator and was the Chancellor of the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri.	Brady J. Deaton	University of Missouri
employer	Norman Fairclough (/ˈnɔːrmən ˈfɛərklʌf/; born 1941) is emeritus Professor of Linguistics at Lancaster University.	Norman Fairclough	Lancaster University
employer	Jayanta Kumar Ghosh or Jaẏanta Kumāra Ghosha (Bengali: জয়ন্ত কুমার ঘোষ, born May 23, 1937) is an Indian statistician, currently emeritus professor at Indian Statistical Institute and a professor of statistics at Purdue University.	Jayanta Kumar Ghosh	Purdue University
employer	Oscar Shumsky, The Strad, April 1985 He taught at the Curtis Institute, Philadelphia, Peabody Conservatory, Baltimore, Yale University, and, from 1953, the Juilliard School in New York.	Oscar Shumsky	Yale University
employer	Jeffrey Beall is a librarian and associate professor at Auraria Library at the University of Colorado, Denver.	Jeffrey Beall	University of Colorado, Denver
employer	Thomas Pavel (born Toma Pavel, April 4, 1941 in Bucharest, Romania) is a literary theorist, critic, and novelist currently teaching at the University of Chicago.	Thomas Pavel	University of Chicago
employer	Frank Dascoli (December 26, 1915 -- August 11, 1990) was a professional baseball umpire who worked in the National League from 1948 to 1961.	Frank Dascoli	National League
employer	Ricardo Hausmann (born 1956) is the current Director of the Center for International Development and a Professor of the Practice of Economic Development at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.	Ricardo Hausmann	Harvard University
employer	Morris Berthold Abram (June 19, 1918 -- March 15, 2000) was an American lawyer, civil rights activist, and president of Brandeis University.	Morris Berthold Abram	Brandeis University
employer	Deborah Paredez (born December 19, 1970) is an American poet, scholar, and Associate Professor of English at the University of Texas at Austin.	Deborah Paredez	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Hellmut Diwald (13 August 1924 -- 26 May 1993) was a German historian and Professor of Medieval and Modern History at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg from 1965 to 1985.	Hellmut Diwald	University of Erlangen-Nuremberg
employer	Karl Eugen Guthe (5 March 1866 - 10 September 1915) was a German-born American academic and physicist, notable for his work on aspects of electricity and for being the first Dean of the Graduate Department at the University of Michigan.	Karl Eugen Guthe	University of Michigan
employer	The workpapers of John Elof Boodin are maintained at the University of California Los Angeles Library Special Collections.	John Elof Boodin	University of California Los Angeles
employer	Erika Cremer (20 May 1900 in Munich, Germany -- 21 September 1996 in Innsbruck, which is today in Austria) was a German physical chemist and Professor Emeritus at the University of Innsbruck who is regarded as the most important pioneer in gas chromatography, as she first conceived the technique in 1944.	Erika Cremer	University of Innsbruck
employer	At the Technical University of Berlin, where Volmer worked for so many years, the Max Volmer Laboratory for Biophysical Chemistry was named in his honor.	Max Volmer	Technical University of Berlin
employer	George T. Flom Library at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign contains the former personal library of Dr. Flom.	George T. Flom	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	Zalman Usiskin is an educator best known as the Director of the University of Chicago School Mathematics Project.	Zalman Usiskin	University of Chicago
employer	Dr. Nafis Sadik (born 1929), currently Special Adviser to the UN Secretary General with additional responsibilities as Special Envoy for HIV/AIDS in Asia, and former head of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).	Nafis Sadik	United Nations
employer	Aaron Dollar is an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at Yale University, where he conducts research on techniques to make a flexible robotic hand.	Aaron Dollar	Yale University
employer	Zack Exley (born December 5, 1969) is a political and technology consultant, previously employed as the Chief Revenue Officer (formerly Chief Community Officer) at the Wikimedia Foundation.	Zack Exley	Wikimedia Foundation
employer	Geert Mak studied constitutional law and the sociology of law at the Free University (Vrije Universiteit) and the University of Amsterdam (Universiteit van Amsterdam).	Geert Mak	University of Amsterdam
employer	Donhee Ham (Hangul: 함돈희; Hanja: 咸燉憙; born January 8, 1974) is a Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University.	Donhee Ham	Harvard University
employer	Mark Church is a commentator for BBC London 94.9, reporting on all Surrey County Cricket Club's matches.	Mark Church	BBC
employer	Rudolf Löb (November 21, 1877 -- January 30, 1966) was a German banker with Mendelssohn & Co. and consultant to the German and Russian governments.	Rudolf Löb	Mendelssohn & Co.
employer	Edna Greene Medford is a professor of history at Howard University, who specializes in 19th-century African-American history.	Edna Greene Medford	Howard University
employer	In 1956, by taking first place in an examination given by the British Consulate in Istanbul, Orhan Boran found himself in London, where he worked for the Turkish service of the BBC.	Orhan Boran	BBC
employer	Shelby D. Hunt (born 1939) is an American organizational theorist, The Jerry S. Rawls and P. W. Horn Professor of Marketing at the Texas Tech University, and highly cited marketing researcher.	Shelby D. Hunt	Texas Tech University
employer	In 1960, Stuart Hampshire was elected a member of the British Academy and became Grote Professor of the Philosophy of Mind and Logic at University College London, succeeding A. J. Ayer.	Stuart Hampshire	University College London
employer	Bradley D. Harris (born 1956) is a professor of recreational management with special assignments connected to the Nonprofit Management Minor at Brigham Young University (BYU) who previously worked for 22 years as a professional scouter.	Bradley D. Harris	Brigham Young University
employer	Lincoln LaPaz (February 12, 1897 -- October 19, 1985) was an American astronomer from the University of New Mexico and a pioneer in the study of meteors.	Lincoln LaPaz	University of New Mexico
employer	Igor Rodnianski (born April 28, 1972, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is an American mathematician at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Igor Rodnianski	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Professor Dame Jill Macleod Clark, DBE, RGN, FRCN (born 11 June 1944) was formally Deputy Dean of the Faculty of Medicine, Health & Biological Sciences and Head of the School of Nursing & Midwifery, University of Southampton.	Jill Macleod Clark	University of Southampton
employer	Dudley Brian Spalding, FRS FREng (born 9 January 1923) was Professor of Heat Transfer and Head of the Computational Fluid Dynamics Unit at Imperial College, London.	Brian Spalding	Imperial College, London
employer	Carlos Guerrero de Lizardi is a Mexican professor and researcher in economics with the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, currently the director of the masters program in economics and public policy at the Mexico City campus.	Carlos Guerrero de Lizardi	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education
employer	Hjalmar Heiberg (25 September 1837 -- 25 September 1897) was a Norwegian physician, and a professor of anatomy at the University of Oslo.	Hjalmar Heiberg	University of Oslo
employer	David Darts is an artist and Chair of the Department of Art and Art Professions at New York University.	David Darts	New York University
employer	Jan Pieter Krahnen (born 31 August 1954) is Professor for corporate finance at the Goethe-University Frankfurt and director of the Center for Financial Studies and the Research Center SAFE.	Jan Pieter Krahnen	Goethe-University Frankfurt
employer	Peter Trawny (born December 17, 1964 in Gelsenkirchen) is a German philosopher and professor at the University of Wuppertal.	Peter Trawny	University of Wuppertal
employer	Roger Birnbaum (born c. 1950) is an American film producer who owns the company Spyglass Entertainment and was co-CEO and co-Chairman of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Roger Birnbaum	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
employer	George A. Rothrock (1932 -- 1993) was a professor of European history at the University of Alberta.	George A. Rothrock	University of Alberta
employer	Arnold Buffum Chace (November 10, 1845 -- February 28, 1932) was a textile businessman, mathematics scholar, and eleventh chancellor of Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island.	Arnold Buffum Chace	Brown University
employer	Silviu Berejan (July 30, 1927 in Bălăbăneşti -- November 10, 2007) was a Bessarabian writer from Moldova and member of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova.	Silviu Berejan	Academy of Sciences of Moldova
employer	Marek Chrobak is a full professor at University of California, Riverside.	Marek Chrobak	University of California, Riverside
employer	Steve Orlen (1942 -- November 16, 2010) was an American poet and professor at the University of Arizona.	Steve Orlen	University of Arizona
employer	Kogila Moodley is a published academic and sociologist at the University of British Columbia, where she was the first holder of the David Lam Chair of Multicultural Studies.	Kogila Moodley	University of British Columbia
employer	Vadim Komkov (1919--2008) was born in Moscow, in Russia, and obtained a Ph.D. from the University of Utah in 1965.	Vadim Komkov	University of Utah
employer	George C. Edwards III is University Distinguished Professor of Political Science and Jordan Chair in Presidential Studies at Texas A&M University and Distinguished Fellow at the Rothermere American Institute at the University of Oxford.	George C. Edwards III	Texas A&M University
employer	John Seiler Brubacher (1898--1988) was a professor at Yale University and author of many books on the subject of educational philosophy.	John Seiler Brubacher	Yale University
employer	Simon Munzu (born 1949) is the United Nations Secretary-General's Deputy Special Representative for Côte d'Ivoire.	Simon Munzu	United Nations
employer	Robert Cover (July 30, 1943 -- July 1986) was a law professor, scholar, and activist, teaching at Yale Law School from 1972 until his untimely death at age 42 in 1986.	Robert Cover	Yale Law School
employer	Thomas Twetten (born 1935) was a Central Intelligence Agency case officer.	Thomas Twetten	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Norman N. Holland (born 1927, New York City) is an American literary critic and Marston-Milbauer Eminent Scholar Emeritus at the University of Florida.	Norman N. Holland	University of Florida
employer	René Emilio Ponce (1947 -- May 2, 2011) was a senior military officer in the Salvadoran Army during the nation's civil war, and minister of defense from 1990 to 1993.	René Emilio Ponce	Salvadoran Army
employer	Theodore M. Brown is a professor of public health and policy, medical humanities and history at the University of Rochester.	Theodore M. Brown	University of Rochester
employer	Eva L. Baker is a Distinguished Professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, the former acting dean of the Graduate School of Education & Information Studies and current Director of the National Center for Research on Evaluation, Standards, and Student Testing (CRESST).	Eva L. Baker	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Nathalie Chung (born in 1962 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian news anchor and journalist for the Réseau de l'information (RDI) television network, a Canadian French language news channel owned by the Société Radio-Canada.	Nathalie Chung	Réseau de l'information
employer	David Poeppel is Professor of Psychology and Neural Science at New York University (NYU), a researcher who employs behavioral and cognitive neuroscience approaches to study the brain basis of auditory processing, speech perception and language comprehension.	David Poeppel	New York University
employer	Margaret Vogt (May 26, 1950 -- September 23, 2014), a native of Nigeria, served as Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in the Central African Republic (BINUCA) until mid-2013.	Margaret Vogt	United Nations
employer	Helen Dodson Prince (1905--2002) was an astronomer who pioneered work in solar flares at the University of Michigan.	Helen Dodson Prince	University of Michigan
employer	Kenneth E. Train (born November 14, 1951) is an Adjunct Professor of Economics at the University of California, Berkeley, USA.	Kenneth E. Train	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Graeme Nicholson is a Canadian philosopher and Emeritus Professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto known for his research on ontology, hermeneutics, and anarchism.	Graeme Nicholson	University of Toronto
employer	Jason W. Fleischer is an American electrical engineer, an associate professor of electrical engineering at Princeton University.	Jason W. Fleischer	Princeton University
employer	Oswald Bayer (German: (ˈbaɪɐ); born September 30, 1939) is a German Lutheran theologian, and is Professor Emeritus of Systematic Theology at the Evangelical Theological Faculty of the Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen, Germany.	Oswald Bayer	University of Tübingen
employer	Matthew Zook (born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania) is an American geographer and professor in the Department of Geography, University of Kentucky.	Matthew Zook	University of Kentucky
employer	Patricia Sawin is an Associate Professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Patricia Sawin	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Mohammad Shaheen (Arabic: محمد شاهين‎) has been a professor of English literature at the University of Jordan in Amman, Jordan since 1985.	Mohammad Shaheen	University of Jordan
employer	From 1982 until 1984, Heaney was an artist-in-residence at the University of Washington in Seattle, and previously had taught at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Conn. The Joe Heaney Collection of the University of Washington Ethnomusicology Archives was established after Heaney's death in 1984.	Joe Heaney	Wesleyan University
employer	Brian Weatherson is the Marshall Weinberg Professor of Philosophy at The University of Michigan.	Brian Weatherson	University of Michigan
employer	Leonard B. Kaban, D.M.D., M.D., F.A.C.S. is the Walter C. Guralnick Professor and Chair of the Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery at the Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard University.	Leonard B. Kaban	Harvard University
employer	Michael A. Barry (born 1948, in New York) is a Princeton University professor and historian of the greater Middle East and Islamic world.	Michael A. Barry	Princeton University
employer	Barney Hall (June 24, 1932 -- January 26, 2016) was an American sports commentator for Motor Racing Network, formerly calling NASCAR races.	Barney Hall	Motor Racing Network
employer	Gebisa Ejeta (born 1950) is an Ethiopian American plant breeder, geneticist and Professor at Purdue University.	Gebisa Ejeta	Purdue University
employer	Bernward Joerges (born 1 September 1937) is a professor of sociology at Technical University of Berlin and director of the Metropolitan Research Group, Berlin.	Bernward Joerges	Technical University of Berlin
employer	Sheree Toth is a professor of psychology at the University of Rochester, as well as an associate professor of psychiatry and the executive director of the Mt.	Sheree Toth	University of Rochester
employer	Lawrence E. Blume is a Goldwin Smith Professor of Economics and Professor of Information Science at Cornell University, USA.	Lawrence E. Blume	Cornell University
employer	Professor Ajith Kumar Siriwardena MBChB, M.D., FRCS, Is the current professor of hepato-pancreatico-biliary surgery at the University of Manchester, and a consultant hepatobiliary surgeon at the Manchester Royal Infirmary.	Ajith Kumar Siriwardena	University of Manchester
employer	Brad Troemel received a BA in Visual Critical Studies from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, and an MFA from New York University NYU Steinhardt.	Brad Troemel	New York University
employer	The Reverend Ira Condict (February 21, 1764 -- June 1, 1811) was an American Presbyterian and Dutch Reformed minister who served as the third president of Queen's College (now Rutgers University) in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	Ira Condict	Rutgers University
employer	Around this time, Shakira also released four songs for Pepsi for her promotion in the English markets: ``Ask for More'', ``Pide Más'', ``Knock on My Door'' and ``Pídeme el Sol''.	Shakira	Pepsi
employer	Dowell Myers is a professor of urban planning and demography in the School of Policy, Planning, and Development, at the University of Southern California (USC).	Dowell Myers	University of Southern California
employer	Robert Muller (March 11, 1923 -- September 20, 2010) was an international civil servant with the United Nations.	Robert Muller	United Nations
employer	Jes Bertelsen studied History of Ideas (``Idehistorie'') at Aarhus University, Denmark with founder of this interdisciplinary study, Danish philosopher Professor Johannes Sløk.	Jes Bertelsen	Aarhus University
employer	Władysław Czapliński (3 October 1905 in Tuchów -- 17 August 1981 in Wrocław) was a Polish historian, a professor of the University of Wrocław, author of many popular books about Polish history.	Władysław Czapliński	University of Wrocław
employer	Stephen Semmes is Noah Harding Professor of Mathematics at Rice University.	Stephen Semmes	Rice University
employer	Hans Reiss Ph.D. (born 19 August 1922 in Mannheim, Germany) is Professor Emeritus of German at the University of Bristol.	Hans Reiss	University of Bristol
employer	Since 2002 Michael Hulse has taught poetry and comparative literature at the University of Warwick, where in 2007 he established The Warwick Review, a quarterly magazine of international writing, of which Sean O'Brien wrote: ``in scope and seriousness it offers a useful model for a contemporary literary-cultural magazine (...)	Michael Hulse	University of Warwick
employer	Peter D. Eimas (1934 -- October 28, 2005) was an expert in psychology and cognitive sciences and a professor at Brown University.	Peter D. Eimas	Brown University
employer	Abdol Ghayoom Ebrahimi (also may written as Abdol Gh. Ebrahimi), (born 1932 in Gorgan, Iran), founder of Islamic Azad University of Gorgan, has been an ex-visiting professor of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in the United States before.	Abdol Ghayoom Ebrahimi	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	Friedrich August Grotefend studied theology and philology at the University of Göttingen, and afterwards was a teacher at the Pädagogium in Ilefeld (from 1821).	Friedrich August Grotefend	University of Göttingen
employer	Jan Hamer (May 2, 1927 -- July 25, 2008) was an organic chemistry professor at Tulane University in New Orleans from 1960 to 1992.	Jan Hamer	Tulane University
employer	Andrew Szanton honed his approach to memoir writing for a number of years as an instructor at the Extension School of Harvard University.	Andrew Szanton	Harvard University
employer	Steven A. Moore is the Bartlett Cocke Regents Professor in Architecture at the University of Texas at Austin School of Architecture.	Steven A. Moore	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Edward Champlin is a Professor of Classics, Cotsen Professor of Humanities, and former Master of Butler College at Princeton University.	Edward Champlin	Princeton University
employer	Jean-Sélim Kanaan ( July 28, 1970 - August 19, 2003) was a United Nations (UN) diplomat, Egyptian, Italian and French national, who was killed in the Canal Hotel bombing in Baghdad, Iraq, along with Sérgio Vieira de Mello and other members of his staff.	Jean-Sélim Kanaan	United Nations
employer	Katie Trumpener is the Emily Sanford Professor of Comparative Literature and English at Yale University.	Katie Trumpener	Yale University
employer	Maurice Jackson is an Associate Professor of History and African-American Studies and an Affiliated Professor of Performing Arts (Jazz) at Georgetown University.	Maurice Jackson	Georgetown University
employer	He walked out of his contract with LWT, who produced The Michael Barrymore Show, after only one series, he then landed the presenter's role on the BBC gameshow, Get Set Go!.	Michael Barrymore	BBC
employer	David Strange, is an English cellist formerly head of strings at the Royal Academy of Music and a University of London Professor.	David Strange	Royal Academy of Music
employer	A director and theoretician of performance, Herbert Blau (3 May 1926 -- 3 May 2013) was Byron W. and Alice L. Lockwood Professor in the Humanities at the University of Washington.	Herbert Blau	University of Washington
employer	J. Karl Hedrick (born 1944) is an American control theorist and a Professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley.	J. Karl Hedrick	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Catherine Dauvergne took up the Deanship of the Peter A. Allard School of Law at the University of British Columbia in July, 2015.	Catherine Dauvergne	University of British Columbia
employer	John Sharpless is a member of the faculty of the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a former political candidate.	John Sharpless	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Paul Starr (May 12, 1949) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning professor of sociology and public affairs at Princeton University.	Paul Starr	Princeton University
employer	John T. Schuessler is an American businessman, the former chairman, CEO and president of the fast food chain Wendy's International, Inc. He started with the company in 1976 and retired in 2006.	John T. Schuessler	Wendy's International
employer	Augustus Thorndike (1896--1986), was the chief of surgery at Harvard University from 1931 to 1962 and a pioneer in sports medicine.	Augustus Thorndike	Harvard University
employer	Artem Ovcharenko (Russian: Артём Вячеславович Овчаренко, born 31 December 1986) is a Russian ballet dancer and principal at the Bolshoi Theatre.	Artem Ovcharenko	Bolshoi Theatre
father	Capades was sired by Overskate, a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee who won an unprecedented nine Sovereign Awards while racing in Canada and the United States.	Capades	Overskate
father	In February 2014, Frank Stronach purchased an undisclosed share in the horse on behalf of his Adena Springs Farms, owner of Mucho Macho Man's sire, Macho Uno.	Mucho Macho Man	Macho Uno
father	Ragnhild Sigurdsdotter was the daughter of Sigurd Hart of the Dagling clan.	Ragnhild Sigurdsdotter	Sigurd Hart
father	Monsun was a son of Germany's first triple crown winner and champion racehorse and sire Königsstuhl, a descendant of the influential sire, Bahram.	Monsun	Königsstuhl
father	Bred by E. P. Taylor, owner of her sire, Vice Regent, and her dam, Deceit, Deceit Dancer was purchased by Kleinburg, Ontario racing stable owner Bahnam K. Yousif.	Deceit Dancer	Vice Regent
father	Naratheinkha was the eldest son of Narathu and Queen Myauk Pyinthe.	Naratheinkha	Narathu
father	Muthuvel Karunanidhi Stalin (Tamil: மு.க. ஸ்டாலின் Mu.Ka. Sṭāliṉ; born 1 March 1953) is an Indian politician, better known as M. K. Stalin, who was Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu from 2009 to 2011.	M. K. Stalin	Karunanidhi
father	Gyo Obata (born February 28, 1923) is an American architect, the son of painter Chiura Obata and his wife, Haruko Obata, a floral designer.	Gyo Obata	Chiura Obata
father	Thomas Lamb Eliot was born in St. Louis, Missouri as the first son of Rev. William Greenleaf Eliot, D.D., of the Church of the Messiah in St. Louis.	Thomas Lamb Eliot	William Greenleaf Eliot
father	At the end of World War II, at the age of 13, Stelio Belletti began working for his father Antenore Belletti in his workshop in via Giovanni Antonio Amadeo in the Ortica district of Milan, where they repaired and built tubular steel aircraft fuselages.	Stelio Belletti	Antenore Belletti
father	Louisa Catherine Shore, was the youngest daughter of three daughters and two sons of Margaret Anne Twopeny and Thomas Shore.	Louisa Catherine Shore	Thomas Shore
father	George Lewis Coke was born in 1715 to Thomas Coke and his wife Mary (née Hale).	George Lewis Coke	Thomas Coke
father	Shivaji's father Shahaji Bhonsle was a Maratha general who served the Deccan Sultanates.	Shivaji	Shahaji
father	Born by 1513, Robert Throckmorton was the eldest son and heir of Sir George Throckmorton (d.1552) by Katherine Vaux, daughter of Nicholas Vaux, 1st Baron Vaux of Harrowden (d.1523).	Robert Throckmorton	George Throckmorton
father	Lady Mary Grey (c. 1545 -- 20 April 1578) was the youngest daughter of Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Suffolk, and Frances Brandon, and through her mother had a claim to the crown.	Lady Mary Grey	Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Suffolk
father	Venetia Burney was the daughter of Rev. Charles Fox Burney, Oriel Professor of the Interpretation of Holy Scripture at Oxford, and his wife Ethel Wordsworth Burney (née Madan).	Venetia Burney	Charles Fox Burney
father	Sir Thomas Butler, 1st Baronet (died 1642) was an Irish nobleman, the illegitimate son of Sir Edmund Butler of Cloughgrenan and grandson of James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond.	Sir Thomas Butler, 1st Baronet	Sir Edmund Butler of Cloughgrenan
father	Kharahostes's own coins attest that he was the son of Arta.	Kharahostes	Arta
father	Konstantin Bulgakov was the son of a diplomat, Yakov Bulgakov (1743--1809).	Konstantin Bulgakov	Yakov Bulgakov
father	Finarfin was the third son and youngest child of Finwë.	Finarfin	Finwë
father	Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, KG, KT, KP, GCB, GCMG, GCVO (Henry William Frederick Albert; 31 March 1900 -- 10 June 1974) was a soldier and third son of King George V and Queen Mary.	Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester	George V
father	Judah Maccabee (or Judas Maccabeus, also spelled Machabeus, or Maccabaeus, Hebrew: יהודה המכבי, Y'hudhah HaMakabi) was a Jewish priest (kohen) and a son of the priest Mattathias.	Judas Maccabeus	Mattathias
father	Lenaert Jansz de Graeff (Amsterdam 1530/35 -- before 1578), was a member of the family De Graeff and the son of Jan Pietersz Graeff, a rich cloth merchant from Amsterdam.	Lenaert Jansz de Graeff	Jan Pietersz Graeff
father	Foaled in Kentucky, Sysonby was a bay son of the 1885 Epsom Derby winner, Melton, out of the English mare Optime by Orme (by the undefeated Ormonde).	Sysonby	Melton
father	Ordoño Ramírez, called ``the Blind'' (c. 981--before 1024) was the son of King Ramiro III of León and Sancha Gómez, grandson of Sancho I of León and Queen Teresa Ansúrez and, on the maternal side, of Gómez Díaz, Count of Saldaña and Countess Muniadona Fernández.	Ordoño Ramírez	Ramiro III of León
father	A son of King Saw Zein and grandnephew of the kingdom's founder, King Wareru, Binnya U grew up at the court of his uncle Binnya E Law.	Binnya U	Saw Zein
father	Kim Han-sol (Korean: 김한솔, born 16 June 1995) is the eldest son of Kim Jong-nam and the grandson of the former North Korean ruler, Kim Jong-il.	Kim Han-sol	Kim Jong-nam
father	Born to Maharaja Sawai Man Singh II and his first wife, Marudhar Kanwar of Jodhpur, Bhawani Singh was educated at Sheshbagh School, Srinagar, The Doon School, Dehradun, and later Harrow School in the United Kingdom.	Bhawani Singh	Sawai Man Singh II
father	Philibert Bouttats, a Flemish engraver, the son of Frederik Bouttats the Younger, was born at Antwerp about the year 1650, and died at the age of 72.	Philibert Bouttats	Frederik Bouttats
father	Sima You (248--283), courtesy name Taiyou (大猷), was the second son of the Cao Wei regent Sima Zhao during the Three Kingdoms period.	Sima You	Sima Zhao
father	James Prinsep was the seventh son and the tenth child of John Prinsep (1746--1830) and his wife, Sophia Elizabeth Auriol (1760--1850).	James Prinsep	John Prinsep
father	Arthur Robert Peter Baden-Powell, 2nd Baron Baden-Powell, FRSA (30 October 1913 -- 9 December 1962) was the son of Lieutenant-General Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell, the founder of Scouting, and Olave St. Clair Soames.	Peter Baden-Powell, 2nd Baron Baden-Powell	Robert Baden-Powell
father	Prince Ferdinand of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen (German: Ferdinand Maria Fidelis Leopold Meinrad Valentin) (born 14 February 1960; Sigmaringen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) is the third and youngest son of Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Hohenzollern and Princess Margarita of Leiningen.	Prince Ferdinand of Hohenzollern	Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Hohenzollern
father	Elisa von der Recke was born in Schönberg, Skaistkalne parish, Courland, the daughter of Graf (later Reichsgraf) Johann Friedrich von Medem and his wife, Louise Dorothea von Korff.	Elisa von der Recke	Johann Friedrich von Medem
father	Ferdinand of Portugal, Duke of Guarda, (1507--1534; Portuguese pronunciation: (fɨɾˈnɐ̃du); Portuguese: Fernando) was a Portuguese infante (prince), the son of King Manuel I of Portugal and his second wife, Maria of Aragon.	Ferdinand of Portugal, Duke of Guarda	Manuel I of Portugal
father	Theodosia Burr Alston (June 21, 1783 -- probably January 2 or 3, 1813) was the daughter of U.S. Vice President Aaron Burr and Theodosia Bartow Prevost.	Theodosia Burr Alston	Aaron Burr
father	Matt Taibbi was born in 1970 to Mike Taibbi, an NBC television reporter, and his wife.	Matt Taibbi	Mike Taibbi
father	Sophie Ward (born 30 December 1964), is an English actress and the daughter of late actor Simon Ward.	Sophie Ward	Simon Ward
father	Dil Na'od was the younger son of Ged'a Jan (or Degna Djan), and succeeded his older brother 'Anbasa Wedem as negus.	Dil Na'od	Degna Djan
father	Native Dancer was a big, solid grey horse by the 1945 Preakness Stakes winner, Polynesian, out of Geisha by Discovery.	Native Dancer	Polynesian
father	Gabriel de Rochechouart de Mortemart, was the son of Gaspard de Rochechouart de Mortemart, Marquis of Mortemart, and of Louise de Maure, suo jure Countess of Maure.	Gabriel de Rochechouart de Mortemart	Gaspard de Rochechouart de Mortemart
father	Pat Moss was born in Thames Ditton, Surrey, England, to British race car driver Alfred Moss and Aileen (née Craufurd).	Pat Moss	Alfred Moss
father	Fujiwara no Otomuro was a daughter of a noble called Fujiwara no Yoshitsugu; her mother was the granddaughter of general Fujiwara no Umakai, who died in 737.	Fujiwara no Otomuro	Fujiwara no Yoshitsugu
father	Chiang Hsiao-wen (Chinese: 蔣孝文; also known as Alan Chiang; December 1935 -- April 14, 1989) was the eldest son of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988.	Chiang Hsiao-wen	Chiang Ching-kuo
father	Pye Min was a son of King Thalun.	Pye Min	Thalun
father	Sir Visto's sire was the undefeated Irish champion Barcaldine, a representative of the Godolphin Arabian sire line, who also sired the double Classic winner Mimi.	Sir Visto	Barcaldine
father	Iophon (fl. 428 BC -- 405 BC) was a Greek tragic poet and son of Sophocles.	Iophon	Sophocles
father	In Greek mythology, Eurotas (/jʊˈroʊtəs/; Greek: Εὐρώτας) was a king of Laconia, the son of King Myles and grandson of Lelex, eponymous ancestor of the Leleges.	Eurotas	Myles
father	Hucbert (820 - 864) was a Frank and son of Boso the Elder.	Hucbert	Boso the Elder
father	Aishwarya Arjun was born in Chennai, Tamil Nadu and is the daughter of Arjun Sarja.	Aishwarya Arjun	Arjun Sarja
father	Mary Ball was born in 1812, the second daughter of Bob Stawell Ball and his wife Mary née Green.	Mary Ball	Bob Stawell Ball
father	William fitz Ralph, son of Ralph de Warenne and Grandson of William de Warenne, 2nd Earl of Surrey is illuminated by Rev. R. W. Eyton, Rector of Eyton, famous historian and Authority of the County of Shropshire, England.	Ralph de Warenne	William de Warenne, 2nd Earl of Surrey
father	Hippocrates of Athens (Greek: Ἱπποκράτης, Hippokrátēs; c. 459 -- 424 BC), the son of Ariphron, was a strategos of the Athenians in 424 BC, serving alongside Demosthenes.	Hippocrates of Athens	Ariphron
father	Jacques Février was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, the son of the composer Henry Février.	Jacques Février	Henry Février
father	Indian Blessing was sired by Indian Charlie, the 1998 Santa Anita Derby winner and a son of the multiple Grade I winner In Excess.	Indian Blessing	Indian Charlie
father	The son of former MLB catcher and longtime Boston scout Joe Stephenson, Jerry Stephenson spent 36 years as a Major League scout with the Dodgers (1974--94) and Red Sox (1995--2009) before his retirement to part-time status after the 2009 season.	Jerry Stephenson	Joe Stephenson
father	Philippine Leroy-Beaulieu (born 25 April 1963, Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine, France, but reared in Rome, Italy) is a French actress and the daughter of French actor Philippe Leroy-Beaulieu.	Philippine Leroy-Beaulieu	Philippe Leroy
father	Butautas (baptized Henryk; died on May 7, 1380 in Prague) was a son of Kęstutis, Grand Duke of Lithuania.	Butautas	Kęstutis
father	The daughter of the Canadian actor Tom Busby and Wendy Russell, Siân Busby was educated at Creighton School in Muswell Hill, north London and read English at Sussex University.	Siân Busby	Tom Busby
father	Darci Brahma (Danehill-Grand Echezeaux) is a New Zealand thoroughbred colt foaled in 2002 at Pencarrow Stud near Cambridge in New Zealand.	Darci Brahma	Danehill
father	Teodoro Paleologo di Montferrato was born in Casale Monferrato on August 14, 1425, the son of John Jacob, Marquess of Montferrat, and Princess Giovanna of Savoy, the daughter of Amadeus VII, Count of Savoy and sister of Antipope Felix V. His father's family was originally from Constantinople.	Teodoro Paleologo di Montferrato	John Jacob, Marquess of Montferrat
father	Charles Fleetwood was the third son of Sir Miles Fleetwood of Aldwinkle, Northamptonshire, and of Anne, daughter of Nicholas Luke of Woodend, Bedfordshire.	Charles Fleetwood	Miles Fleetwood
father	Cao Fang was a son of Cao Kai (曹楷), the Prince of Rencheng, a son of Cao Zhang.	Cao Fang	Cao Kai
father	He was sired by Pentire, a British horse who recorded his biggest win in the 1996 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes and had his biggest success in New Zealand where he sired Mufhasa (Telegraph Handicap), Rangirangdoo (Doncaster Mile) and Xcellent as well as Prince of Penzance.	Prince of Penzance	Pentire
father	Jesse Boot, 1st Baron Trent (2 June 1850 -- 13 June 1931) transformed The Boots Company, founded by his father, John Boot, into a national retailer, which branded itself as ``Chemists to the Nation'', before he sold his controlling interest to American investors in 1920.	Jesse Boot, 1st Baron Trent	John Boot
father	Charles George Bingham, 4th Earl of Lucan KP (8 May 1830 -- 5 June 1914), styled Lord Bingham from 1839 to 1888, was the eldest son of George Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan and Lady Anne Brudenell.	George Bingham, 4th Earl of Lucan	George Bingham, 3rd Earl of Lucan
father	Prince Godefroid Kamatari (1957 -- 20 August 2005) was a grandson of mwami HM Mutaga IV Mbikije of Burundi, and a son of HRH Prince Ignace Kamatari (d. 1964 in Bujumbura) and his second wife Princess Agrippine.	Prince Godefroid Kamatari	Ignace Kamatari
father	Ribero was a son of the undefeated dual Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner, Ribot out of the mare Libra.	Ribero	Ribot
father	Dori J. Maynard (May 4, 1958 -- February 24, 2015) was the president of the Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education in Oakland, California, the oldest organization dedicated to helping the nation's news media accurately and fairly portray all segments of ``our'' society.	Dori J. Maynard	Robert C. Maynard
father	The same sources list Thor as the son of the god Odin and the personified earth, Fjörgyn, and by way of Odin, Thor has numerous brothers.	Thor	Odin
father	Ruth Cleveland (October 3, 1891 -- January 7, 1904), popularly known as Baby Ruth, was the eldest of three children born to United States President Grover Cleveland and the First Lady Frances Cleveland.	Ruth Cleveland	Grover Cleveland
father	Margareta Slots was the daughter of the Dutch merchant Abraham Cabiljau.	Margareta Slots	Abraham Cabiljau
father	Christina Stead's father was the marine biologist and pioneer conservationist David George Stead.	Christina Stead	David George Stead
father	Madhavi Mudgal was born to Professor Vinay Chandra Maudgalya, the founder of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya; one of the most famous dance schools for Hindustani music and classical dance in New Delhi.	Madhavi Mudgal	Vinay Chandra Maudgalya
father	Jama kaNdaba (ca. 1757--1781), the son of Ndaba kaMageba, was a High Chief of the Zulu clan from 1763 to 1781.	Jama kaNdaba	Ndaba kaMageba
father	Labotas or Leobotes (Greek: Λαβώτας or Λεωβώτης) was the son of Echestratus and was the fourth king of Sparta from the Agiad dynasty.	Labotas	Echestratus
father	Emilio Azcárraga Milmo or Emilio Azcárraga Jr. (September 6, 1930 in San Antonio, Texas - April 16, 1997 outside Miami, Florida) was a Mexican businessman and the son of Emilio Azcárraga Vidaurreta and Laura Milmo Hickman.	Emilio Azcárraga Milmo	Emilio Azcárraga Vidaurreta
father	Nathan Cutietta is the son of Robert Cutietta an author, researcher, composer, and arts leader.	Nathan Cutietta	Robert Cutietta
father	Vaidotas or Wojdat (14th century -- after 1401) was a son of Kęstutis, Grand Duke of Lithuania.	Vaidotas	Kęstutis
father	Winnaretta Singer was the twentieth of the 24 children of Isaac Singer.	Winnaretta Singer	Isaac Singer
father	Dancing Rain's sire, Danehill Dancer, stands at Coolmore Stud and also produced Choisir, a renowned sprinter.	Dancing Rain	Danehill Dancer
father	The Finn was sired by the imported British stallion Ogden, who was the 1896 Belmont Futurity Stakes winner, out of the mare Livonia by Star Shoot.	The Finn	Ogden
father	Robert III de Brus (fl. 12th century, died ca. 1191) was the oldest son of Robert de Brus, 2nd Lord of Annandale.	Robert III de Brus	Robert de Brus, 2nd Lord of Annandale
father	A member of the House of Gonzaga, Giovanni Vincenzo Gonzaga was born in Palermo on December 8, 1540, the son of Ferrante Gonzaga and his wife Isabella di Capua.	Giovanni Vincenzo Gonzaga	Ferrante Gonzaga
father	Gerhard VII, Duke of Jülich-Berg (c. 1416 -- 19 August 1475) was the son of William VIII of Jülich, Count of Ravensberg and Adelheid of Tecklenburg.	Gerhard VII, Duke of Jülich-Berg	William VIII of Jülich, Count of Ravensberg
father	Ermengarde of Tours (German: Irmingard von Tours) (d. 20 March 851) was the daughter of Hugh of Tours, a member of the Etichonen family, which claimed descent from the Merovingian kings.	Ermengarde of Tours	Hugh of Tours
father	Ntombela kaMalandela, the son of Malandela kaLuzumana, was the proto-chieftain of the Zulu nation in the late 17th century.	Ntombela kaMalandela	Malandela kaLuzumana
father	Agnes Haakonsdatter (Old Norse: Agnes Hákonardottir; 1290--1319) was an illegitimate daughter of King Haakon V of Norway and a woman whose name remains unknown.	Agnes Haakonsdatter	Haakon V of Norway
father	Clementia of Zähringen (unknown--1175), was a daughter of Conrad I, Duke of Zähringen and his wife Clementia of Namur.	Clementia of Zähringen	Conrad I, Duke of Zähringen
father	Carrozza was a dark-coated bay or brown filly bred by the British national Stud and leased for racing purposes to the British monarch, Elizabeth II. The filly was sired by Dante the winner of the 1945 Epsom Derby out of the mare Calash, a daughter of Hyperion.	Carrozza	Dante
father	Shi Shi (Chinese: 石世; 339--349) was briefly (for 33 days) the emperor of the Jie/Chinese Hun state Later Zhao following his father Shi Hu's death in 349.	Shi Shi	Shi Hu
founder	Amtgard was created by Jim Haren Jr, also known as Peter LaGrue, in El Paso, Texas in 1983.	Amtgard	Peter LaGrue
founder	The Institut Montaigne is a French think tank founded by Claude Bébéar in 2000, with the aim to promote both competitiveness and social cohesion and to help shape public policy to improve both economic and social environments in France.	Institut Montaigne	Claude Bébéar
founder	The Academy of Fine Arts Vienna was founded in 1692 as a private academy modelled on the Accademia di San Luca and the Parisien Académie de peinture et de sculpture by the court-painter Peter Strudel, who became the Praefectus Academiae Nostrae.	Academy of Fine Arts Vienna	Peter Strudel
founder	2.13.61, Inc. is a publisher and record company founded by musician Henry Rollins and named after his date of birth (February 13, 1961).	2.13.61	Henry Rollins
founder	Founded in 1960 by two Australians, driver Jack Brabham and designer Ron Tauranac, the team won four Drivers' and two Constructors' World Championships in its 30-year Formula One history.	Brabham	Ron Tauranac
founder	Plan B Entertainment Inc., more commonly known as Plan B, is an American file production company founded in November 2001 by Brad Pitt, Brad Grey, and Jennifer Aniston.	Plan B Entertainment	Brad Pitt	Brad Grey	Jennifer Aniston
founder	House of Anansi Press is a Canadian publishing company, founded in 1967 by writers Dennis Lee and Dave Godfrey.	House of Anansi Press	Dennis Lee	Dave Godfrey
founder	The Aerial Experiment Association (AEA) was a Canadian-American aeronautical research group formed on 30 September 1907, under the leadership of Dr. Alexander Graham Bell.	Aerial Experiment Association	Alexander Graham Bell
founder	Aller Media was founded in Copenhagen in 1873 by Carl Aller and his wife Laura Aller.	Aller Media	Carl Aller
founder	Vitebsk Museum of Modern Art (Russian: Витебский Музей Современного Искусства) was an art museum in Vitebsk, Belarus organized in 1918 by Marc Chagall, Kazimir Malevich and Alexander Romm.	Vitebsk Museum of Modern Art	Marc Chagall
founder	Web entrepreneur Peter Acworth launched Fucking Machines on September 25, 2000, as his company's second website after Kink.com.	Fucking Machines	Peter Acworth
founder	In 2003, Mathis Wackernagel, PhD, and Susan Burns founded Global Footprint Network, an international think-tank headquartered in Oakland, California, with offices in Geneva and Brussels.	Global Footprint Network	Mathis Wackernagel
founder	Polaris Partners was founded in 1995/1996 by Jon Flint, Terry McGuire, Steve Arnold, who were partners of Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co. (BEDCO).	Polaris Partners	Jon Flint	Terry McGuire	Steve Arnold
founder	Decca Records began as a British record label established in 1929 by Edward Lewis.	Decca Records	Edward Lewis
founder	The Bromsgrove Guild of Applied Arts (1898--1966) was a company of modern artists and designers associated with the Arts and Crafts Movement, founded by Walter Gilbert.	Bromsgrove Guild of Applied Arts	Walter Gilbert
founder	Fuzzy Door Productions or The Spotted Door is the production company of television producer Seth MacFarlane.	Fuzzy Door Productions	Seth MacFarlane
founder	Huntley & Palmers was founded in 1822 by Joseph Huntley as J. Huntley & Son.	Huntley & Palmers	Joseph Huntley
founder	The Stanford Financial Group was a privately held international group of financial services companies controlled by Allen Stanford, until it was seized by United States (U.S.) authorities in early 2009.	Stanford Financial Group	Allen Stanford
founder	The We Are Family Foundation (WAFF) is an American 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 2001 by musician Nile Rodgers in the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks.	We Are Family Foundation	Nile Rodgers
founder	The successor to the firm of Affleck, Desbarats, Dimakopoulos, Lebensold, Sise formed by partners Ray Affleck, Guy Desbarats, Dimitri Dimakopoulos, Fred Lebensold and Hazen Sise, the company adopted the name Arcop in 1970.	Arcop	Ray Affleck
founder	JXTA (Juxtapose) is an open source peer-to-peer protocol specification begun by Sun Microsystems in 2001.	JXTA	Sun Microsystems
founder	Filmation's founders and principal producers were Lou Scheimer, Hal Sutherland and Norm Prescott.	Filmation	Norm Prescott
founder	Holiday Magic was a multi-level marketing organization, founded in 1964, by William Penn Patrick (1930--1973) in the United States.	Holiday Magic	William Penn Patrick
founder	Front Sight Firearms Training Institute, also known as Front Sight and as Front Sight Resorts was founded in 1996 by Ignatius Piazza.	Front Sight Firearms Training Institute	Ignatius Piazza
founder	Huawei was founded in 1987 by Ren Zhengfei, a former engineer in the People's Liberation Army.	Huawei	Ren Zhengfei
founder	Berlingske was founded by Denmark's Royal Book Printer Ernst Henrich Berling and originally titled Kjøbenhavnske Danske Post-Tidender, then the Berlingskes Politiske og Avertissements Tidende.	Berlingske	Ernst Henrich Berling
founder	Ocean Healing Group (OHG) was founded in 2007 by Frank Bauer and paralyzed professional surfer Christiaan Bailey.	Ocean Healing Group	Christiaan Bailey
founder	The Berrics is a privately owned, indoor skatepark owned by professional skateboarders Steve Berra and Eric Koston.	The Berrics	Steve Berra	Eric Koston
founder	Established in 1957 by editor-director Gerry Anderson and cinematographer Arthur Provis, following the liquidation of their employer Polytechnic Films, AP Films (``Anderson Provis'') was set up.	AP Films	Gerry Anderson	Arthur Provis
founder	The Yes Men are a culture jamming activist duo and network of supporters created by Jacques Servin and Igor Vamos.	The Yes Men	Jacques Servin	Igor Vamos
founder	The Standard Steel Casting Company, commonly referred to as Thurlow Works, was a steel production and steel casting facility founded in Chester, Pennsylvania in 1883 by shipbuilder John Roach.	Standard Steel Casting Company	John Roach
founder	Founded in 2007, Josh Levy and Ross Cohen launched BeenVerified in 2009 and began advertising on national television.	BeenVerified	Josh Levy	Ross Cohen
founder	Ice Age Entertainment is a record label created and owned by southern rapper Mike Jones and business partner Ray ``Mello'' Moore.	Ice Age Entertainment	Mike Jones
founder	Mandalay Entertainment Group is an American entertainment company founded in 1995 by Peter Guber, with interests in motion pictures, television, sports entertainment and new media.	Mandalay Entertainment	Peter Guber
founder	Experimenter Publishing was an American media company founded by Hugo Gernsback in 1915.	Experimenter Publishing	Hugo Gernsback
founder	KenFM is an independent German internet journalism portal, established in 2011 by television and radio presenter Ken Jebsen.	KenFM	Ken Jebsen
founder	Foundation of Villa Group can be traced back to 1986 when Qasim Ibrahim registered a Shipping and Trading company named 'Villa', the common trade name.	Villa Group	Qasim Ibrahim
founder	The Monmouth Alms Houses of Monmouth, Wales are funded by the charity established by the haberdasher William Jones before his death in 1615.	Monmouth Alms Houses	William Jones
founder	On March 11, 2010, OnLive CEO Steve Perlman announced the OnLive Game Portal, a free way to access OnLive games for rental and demos, but without the social features of the Game Service.	OnLive	Steve Perlman
founder	Alberto-Culver was purchased and reorganized in 1955 by Leonard H. Lavin who was an entrepreneur and manufacturer's representative for various other companies.	Alberto-Culver	Leonard H. Lavin
founder	The Barakzai dynasty was established by Dost Mohammad Khan after the Durrani dynasty of Ahmad Shah Durrani was removed from power.	Barakzai dynasty	Dost Mohammad Khan
founder	Les XX was a group of twenty Belgian painters, designers and sculptors, formed in 1883 by the Brussels lawyer, publisher, and entrepreneur Octave Maus.	Les XX	Octave Maus
founder	In 1964, Kaiser-Jeep purchased the Studebaker facilities in South Bend, Indiana, and formed the Defense and Government Products Division in 1967, which after American Motors purchased Kaiser-Jeep became what is now AM General.	AM General	American Motors
founder	Rootstrikers is a self-described nonpartisan grassroots activist organization run by Demand Progress and created by Harvard Law School professor Lawrence Lessig and political activist Joe Trippi (a Democratic campaign worker and consultant) for the purpose of fighting political corruption in the United States and reducing the role of special interest money in elections.	Rootstrikers	Lawrence Lessig
founder	The Southern Historical Society was a public organization founded by Confederate Major General Dabney H. Maury in 1868-1869.	Southern Historical Society	Dabney H. Maury
founder	Filmways, Inc. (also known as Filmways Pictures and Filmways Television) was a television and film production company founded by both American film executive Martin Ransohoff and Edwin Kasper in 1952.	Filmways	Martin Ransohoff
founder	The Company was officially founded in 1967 when three filmmakers, Graeme Ferguson, Roman Kroitor and Robert Kerr incorporated IMAX Corporation.	IMAX Corporation	Roman Kroitor
founder	The Hughes Aircraft Company was a major American aerospace and defense contractor founded in 1932 by Howard Hughes in Glendale, California as a division of Hughes Tool Company.	Hughes Aircraft Company	Howard Hughes
founder	The leading designers of Studio Job are Job Smeets and Nynke Tynagel, who met while attending the Design Academy Eindhoven.	Studio Job	Job Smeets	Nynke Tynagel
headquarters location	Based in Santa Clara, California, PureWave Networks is a privately held company that was founded in 2003.	PureWave Networks	Santa Clara
headquarters location	Results for Development Institute (R4D) is a nonprofit organization based in Washington, D.C..	Results for Development Institute	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	CALA Homes is a large British upmarket housebuilding company headquartered in Edinburgh in Scotland.	CALA Homes	Edinburgh
headquarters location	Simmortel Voice Technologies is a computer software technology startup, started from IIT Kanpur, India, that provides hosted telephony, voice and automatic speech recognition solutions.	Simmortel Voice	Kanpur
headquarters location	AOC International (trading as AOC, formerly Admiral Overseas Corporation) is a multinational electronics company headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan and a subsidiary of TPV Technology.	AOC International	Taipei
headquarters location	The National Society for Human Rights (NSHR) implements the international human rights charters signed by Saudi Arabia, and it also includes a special panel to monitor violations of women's rights.	National Society for Human Rights	Saudi Arabia
headquarters location	A few lines that carry passenger traffic are not part of the National Rail network (for example High Speed 1, Heathrow Express, Tyne and Wear Metro (The Tyne and Wear Metro uses Network Rail track between Pelaw and Sunderland and is responsible for that) and the London Underground).	Network Rail	London
headquarters location	WinWinD was a wind turbine manufacturer headquartered in Espoo, Finland.	WinWinD	Espoo
headquarters location	Bluebeam Software, Inc. is a software company founded in 2002 and headquartered in Pasadena, California, U.S. with additional offices in Chicago, Illinois, San Diego, California and Manchester, New Hampshire.	Bluebeam Software, Inc.	Pasadena
headquarters location	As of 2007, Agava was amongst the top 5 largest hosting companies of Russia.	Agava	Russia
headquarters location	Neptun Werft is a German shipbuilding company, headquartered in Rostock.	Neptun Werft	Rostock
headquarters location	In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.	Boeing	Seattle
headquarters location	Established a year later, his first Dee's Drive-In was a $125,000 building at 753 E. 2100 South Street in Salt Lake City.	Dee's Drive-In	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Enli Health Intelligence is a privately held software company based in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Enli Health Intelligence	Hillsboro
headquarters location	UDG Healthcare plc, formerly United Drug, is a Dublin-based provider of sales and marketing services, drug wholesaling, medical equipment, packaging and specialist healthcare delivery services.	UDG Healthcare	Dublin
headquarters location	Bhaktivedanta College, located in Durbuy in the rural Ardennes region of Belgium, is a Vaishnava college administered by ISKCON.	Bhaktivedanta College	Durbuy
headquarters location	The Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP) is an American organization, based Washington, D.C., that advocates for policies aimed at improving the lives of low-income people.	Center for Law and Social Policy	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Southern Bancorp (founded as Southern Development Bancorporation, often referred to simply as ``Southern'') is a Community Development Financial Institution headquartered in Arkadelphia, Arkansas that was founded in 1986.	Southern Bancorp	Arkadelphia
headquarters location	Hay Automobiltechnik based in Bockenau, Germany, is an automotive corporation from Germany which is the largest European producer of flywheels, hot rolled seamless rings and final drive gears and crown wheels for differential gears.	Hay Automobiltechnik	Bockenau
headquarters location	The Project for the New American Century (PNAC) was a neoconservative think tank based in Washington, D.C. that focused on United States foreign policy.	Project for the New American Century	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Transmanche Ferries was a ferry company that operated the Newhaven - Dieppe route across the English Channel.	Transmanche Ferries	Dieppe
headquarters location	Taishin Futures Co., Ltd. is a Taiwanese brokerage with headquarters in Taipei.	Taishin Futures Co., Ltd.	Taipei
headquarters location	Squadron Capital was an investment advisory firm headquartered in Hong Kong, focused on private equity investment within the Asia Pacific region.	Squadron Capital	Hong Kong
headquarters location	The Palmer-Moore Company (1906--1918) was a manufacturer of gasoline and air-cooled motor engines and marine engines in Syracuse, New York.	Palmer-Moore Company	Syracuse
headquarters location	Belite Aircraft is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Wichita, Kansas and founded by James and Kathy Wiebe in 2009.	Belite Aircraft	Wichita
headquarters location	CREDO Mobile (formerly Working Assets Wireless) is an American mobile virtual network operator headquartered in San Francisco, California.	CREDO Mobile	San Francisco
headquarters location	Soilmec S.p.A. is an Italian manufacturer of construction equipment belonging to the Trevi Group established in 1969 in Cesena.	Soilmec	Cesena
headquarters location	Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard is a Golden, Colorado-based fast-food restaurant specializing in premium burgers and frozen custard.	Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard	Golden
headquarters location	ShoreBank was a community development bank founded and headquartered in Chicago.	ShoreBank	Chicago
headquarters location	HostGator is a Houston-based provider of shared, reseller, virtual private server, and dedicated web hosting with an additional presence in Austin, Texas.	HostGator	Houston
headquarters location	The Viscom AG is a German company domiciled in Hanover, supplying inspection systems for automated optical inspection (AOI) and automated x-ray inspection (AXI).	Viscom	Hanover
headquarters location	Quad/Graphics is an American printing company, based in Sussex, Wisconsin.	Quad/Graphics	Sussex
headquarters location	South Florida Educational Federal Credit Union is a Florida intrastate credit union headquartered in and serving the Miami area.	South Florida Educational Federal Credit Union	Miami
headquarters location	K-RITH (Kwazulu-Natal Research Institute for Tuberculosis and HIV) is a tuberculosis and HIV research institute in Durban, South Africa.	K-RITH	Durban
headquarters location	The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (also known as RBS Group) is a British banking and insurance holding company, based in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Royal Bank of Scotland Group	Edinburgh
headquarters location	Amritt Ventures is a global management consulting firm based in the Los Angeles area.	Amritt	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Perazzi is a manufacturer of precision shotguns from Brescia, Italy.	Perazzi	Brescia
headquarters location	DeepOcean is a Amsterdam, Netherlands - based company which provides subsea services related to offshore construction such as trenching and laying of flexible products (Umbilicals, Risers, Cables), inspection, maintenance & repair and decommissioning.	DeepOcean	Amsterdam
headquarters location	The Halifax International Airport Authority (HIAA) is a Canadian airport authority charged with operating Halifax Stanfield International Airport on behalf of Transport Canada.	Halifax International Airport Authority	Halifax Stanfield International Airport
headquarters location	CoroWare is a robotics company based out of Kirkland, WA.	CoroWare	Kirkland
headquarters location	Al Humaid City is a residential and commercial development being created in Ajman Emirate in the United Arab Emirates.	Humaid City	Ajman
headquarters location	The Dixon Ticonderoga Company is an office and art supplies maker from the USA, with headquarters in Heathrow, Florida.	Dixon Ticonderoga Company	Heathrow
headquarters location	Mazor Robotics US headquarters are located in Orlando, Florida with international offices in Caesarea, Israel and Münster, Germany.	Mazor Robotics	Caesarea
headquarters location	The Sogeti Group is an information technology consulting company specializing in local professional services, with headquarters in Paris.	Sogeti	Paris
headquarters location	The Aditya Birla Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate named after Aditya Vikram Birla, headquartered in the Aditya Birla Centre in Worli, Mumbai, India.	Aditya Birla Group	Mumbai
headquarters location	Horizon Services, Inc. (HSI) is a nonprofit social service organization providing alcohol and drug treatment and recovery, mental health recovery, and substance abuse prevention services in Alameda, San Mateo and Santa Clara counties in the San Francisco Bay Area of California.	Horizon Services	San Francisco Bay Area
headquarters location	Boddingtons Brewery was a regional brewery in Manchester, England, which owned pubs throughout the North West.	Boddingtons Brewery	Manchester
headquarters location	Chantiers Aéro-Maritimes de la Seine, mostly known as CAMS, was a French manufacturer of flying boats, founded in Saint-Ouen in November 1920 by Lawrence Santoni.	Chantiers Aéro-Maritimes de la Seine	Saint-Ouen
headquarters location	The Wakefern Food Corporation, founded in 1946 and based in Keasbey, New Jersey, U.S., is the largest Retailers' co-operative group of supermarkets in the United States, and the largest employer in New Jersey (36,000 workers).	Wakefern Food Corporation	Keasbey, New Jersey
headquarters location	The ERC is governed by the Scientific Council (ScC), consisting of 22 eminent European scientists and scholars (including Nobel prize laureates), and supported operationally by the European Research Council Executive Agency (ERCEA), based in Brussels.	European Research Council	Brussels
headquarters location	LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. is an information technology company based in New Jersey, USA that produces web server software designed specifically for high-traffic servers, such as those of Internet service providers and corporate data centers.	LiteSpeed Technologies Inc.	New Jersey
headquarters location	Oregon Steel Mills, Inc. (OSM) is a Portland, Oregon, United States, based steel producer with facilities in Colorado and Alberta.	Oregon Steel Mills	Portland
headquarters location	The Share Centre is an independent UK retail stockbroker based in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England.	The Share Centre	Aylesbury
headquarters location	Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL) is a state-owned telecommunications service provider in the metro cities of Mumbai and New Delhi in India and in the island nation of Mauritius in Africa.	Mahanagar Telephone Nigam	New Delhi
headquarters location	Elma Electronic is a publicly traded Swiss electronics company founded in 1960 and based in Wetzikon, Switzerland.	Elma Electronic	Wetzikon
headquarters location	Fellesbanken was a Norwegian bank that existed between 1920 and 1985 with offices in Oslo, Norway.	Fellesbanken	Oslo
headquarters location	Coalició Compromís (Valencian pronunciation: (koalisiˈo kompɾoˈmis); English: Commitment Coalition) is a Valencianist political party, originally an electoral coalition, in Valencia, Spain.	Coalició Compromís	Valencia
headquarters location	Loews Corporation is an American conglomerate headquartered in New York City.	Loews Corporation	New York City
headquarters location	Maingear, Inc. is an American privately held boutique computer manufacturer headquartered in Kenilworth, New Jersey.	Maingear	Kenilworth, New Jersey
headquarters location	Robi has 32 Walk in Centers (WIC) and 1 SSD (Sales and Support Desk) at Dhaka International Airport.	Robi	Dhaka
headquarters location	Ignite Media Group is a media company of online, out-of-home, and print enterprises, dedicated to promoting Macau as an entertainment destination.	Ignite Media Group	Macau
headquarters location	Wing Zone is an Atlanta-based American restaurant chain that specializes in deep-fried food products; especially buffalo wings.	Wing Zone	Atlanta
headquarters location	Youngor Group Company Limited (SSE: 600177) is a public textiles and clothing enterprise in Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.	Youngor Group	Ningbo
headquarters location	Ritter Sport is a brand of chocolate from the Alfred Ritter GmbH & Co. KG. Company which is headquartered in Waldenbuch, Germany.	Ritter Sport	Waldenbuch
headquarters location	Carrozzeria Castagna is an Italian coachbuilding company from Milan.	Carrozzeria Castagna	Milan
headquarters location	Zayo Group is a publicly traded company headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, with European headquarters in London.	Zayo Group	Boulder
headquarters location	E. J. Korvette, also known as Korvettes, was an American chain of discount department stores, founded in 1948 in New York City.	E. J. Korvette	New York City
headquarters location	Social Point is a social network game developer for web and mobile with headquarters in Barcelona, Spain.	Social Point	Barcelona
headquarters location	MuchDifferent is a Swedish software development company founded in 2008 in Uppsala, Sweden.	MuchDifferent	Uppsala
headquarters location	Sentek Global was founded in 2001 and currently has three offices; two in San Diego, California and one in Charleston, South Carolina.	Sentek Global	San Diego
headquarters location	The Earl of Argyll's Regiment of Foot was a 17th-century Scottish infantry regiment, raised from the men of Argyll, and based at Fort William.	Earl of Argyll's Regiment of Foot	Fort William
headquarters location	Paradise Comics is a comic book store located in Toronto, Canada.	Paradise Comics	Toronto
headquarters location	Luxtera Inc., founded in 2001, is based in Carlsbad, California.	Luxtera	Carlsbad
headquarters location	Notenstein La Roche Private Bank is a Swiss private bank headquartered in St. Gallen that manages around 21 billion in client assets.	Notenstein La Roche Private Bank	St. Gallen
headquarters location	Headquartered in Fountain Valley, California, United States, Kingston Technology employs more than 4,000 computer software engineers worldwide as of Q1 2015.	Kingston Technology	Fountain Valley
headquarters location	Young Investment Group (YIG) is a private company in Burma employing more than 6000 local workers and operating 16 subsidiaries in Myanmar, China and Singapore.	Young Investment Group	Myanmar
headquarters location	Capella Cracoviensis is a professional music ensemble and mixed symphonic choir based in Kraków, Poland.	Capella Cracoviensis	Kraków
headquarters location	Arecont Vision is a Glendale, California-based company with video surveillance products.	Arecont Vision	Glendale
headquarters location	Majestic Realty Co. is a commercial property company based in Los Angeles, California which operates throughout the United States.	Majestic Realty Co.	Los Angeles
headquarters location	RPS Group plc (LSE: RPS) is a multinational energy resources and environmental consultancy company headquartered in Abingdon, Oxfordshire.	RPS Group	Abingdon
headquarters location	Daydream Software was founded in 1994 in Umeå, Sweden by a team of five and headed by lead designer Nigel Papworth on the principle that they would develop their own games without working with other major publishers to develop commissioned games.	Daydream Software	Umeå
headquarters location	Emerald Energy plc is a British energy company with headquarters in London but is registered offshore in the Isle of Man.	Emerald Energy	London
headquarters location	OANDA was co-founded by Michael Stumm, a professor of Computer Engineering at the University of Toronto, and Richard Olsen of The Olsen Ltd., a leading econometric research and development firm.	OANDA	Toronto
headquarters location	Perspecsys has offices in the Toronto area, Tysons Corner, Virginia, San Francisco, California, London, United Kingdom, Paris, France and Berlin, Germany.	Perspecsys	Toronto
headquarters location	Hemdale Film Corporation, known as Hemdale Communications after 1993, was an independent film production company and distributor founded in London in 1967 as the Hemdale Company by actor David Hemmings and his manager, John Daly.	Hemdale Film Corporation	London
headquarters location	Telesom is a privately held telecommunications company headquartered in Hargeisa, the capital of the northwestern Somaliland autonomous region of Somalia.	Telesom	Hargeisa
headquarters location	Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) is one of New Zealand's largest banks and has been operating continuously in the country since the first office was opened in Auckland in October 1861 followed shortly after by the first branch in Dunedin in December 1861.	Bank of New Zealand	Auckland
headquarters location	QSound Labs is an audio technology company based in Calgary, Canada.	QSound Labs	Calgary
headquarters location	Addison Whitney is a global branding firm headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Addison Whitney	Charlotte
headquarters location	Auto Union AG, Chemnitz, was an amalgamation of four German automobile manufacturers, founded in 1932 and established in 1936 in Chemnitz, Saxony, during the Great Depression.	Auto Union	Chemnitz
headquarters location	Fat Possum Records is an American independent record label based in Water Valley and Oxford, Mississippi.	Fat Possum Records	Oxford
headquarters location	Kaplan Law School is a for-profit educational institution offering post-graduate legal training in London for those wishing to become a solicitor in England and Wales.	Kaplan Law School	London
headquarters location	EOS CCA, headquartered in Norwell, Massachusetts (just outside Boston), is a provider of customer care and receivables management services and one of the largest debt collection agencies in the United States.	EOS CCA	Norwell
headquarters location	The Alaska Railroad (reporting mark ARR) is a Class II railroad which extends from Seward and Whittier, in the south of the state of Alaska, in the United States, to Fairbanks (passing through Anchorage), and beyond to Eielson Air Force Base and Fort Wainwright in the interior of that state.	Alaska Railroad	Anchorage
headquarters location	Teeple Architects is an architecture firm based in Toronto, Canada, founded by Stephen Teeple.	Teeple Architects	Toronto
headquarters location	Doosan Corporation is a corporate holding company headquartered in Euljiro 6-ga, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Doosan Corporation	Seoul
headquarters location	Royal Unibrew is a brewing and beverage company headquartered in Faxe, Denmark.	Royal Unibrew	Faxe
headquarters location	Rusty Bucket Restaurant & Tavern is an upscale casual tavern restaurant company headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.	Rusty Bucket Restaurant & Tavern	Columbus
headquarters location	Dieselpoint, Inc. is a privately held enterprise search company headquartered in Chicago, IL.	Dieselpoint, Inc.	Chicago
headquarters location	Pop's Props was an American aircraft manufacturer, founded by Scott Land in about 1994 and based in Cooksville, Illinois.	Pop's Props	Cooksville, Illinois
headquarters location	Haiku Studios was a video game developer based in France, founded by Olivier Cordoleani and Hervé Lange in 1993.	Haiku Studios	France
headquarters location	Calamos employs more than 300 individuals in Naperville, Illinois, as well as sales and client service professionals located throughout the United States and in England.	Calamos	Naperville
headquarters location	Hangover Heaven is a mobile veisalgia treatment clinic based in Paradise, Nevada, that administers treatment for hangovers through an IV. It is the first clinic that studied the treatment of hangovers, with its own Hangover Research Institute.	Hangover Heaven	Paradise
headquarters location	Operating since 1994 and with over 2,000 customers worldwide, Axceler was headquartered in Woburn, Massachusetts.	Axceler	Woburn
headquarters location	PureWow publishes national content as well as local city content in New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, San Francisco, Dallas, and the Hamptons.	PureWow	New York City
headquarters location	Headquartered and with its main R&D and network operation center in Gurgaon, Haryana, Mahindra Comviva also has offices in Bangalore and Mumbai.	Mahindra Comviva	Gurgaon
headquarters location	Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza Time Theatre in San Jose, California, was the first location to open in 1977.	Chuck E. Cheese's	San Jose
headquarters location	Sector 9 is currently headquartered in San Diego, California.	Sector 9	San Diego
headquarters location	The Vinyl Factory galleries include two spaces in London, The Vinyl Factory Soho and The Vinyl Factory at 180 The Strand.	The Vinyl Factory	London
headquarters location	South Central Bell Telephone Company, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, was the name of the Bell System's operations in Alabama, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Tennessee.	South Central Bell	Birmingham
headquarters location	Dofasco is a steel company based in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Dofasco	Hamilton
headquarters location	LuAZ (Ukrainian: ЛуАЗ, short for ``Луцький автомобільний завод'', Lutskyi avtomobilnyi zavod; Lutsk automobile factory) is an Ukrainian automobile manufacturer in the city Lutsk.	LuAZ	Lutsk
headquarters location	Karsan (Turkish: Karsan Otomotiv Sanayii ve Ticaret A.Ş.) is a Turkish commercial vehicles manufacturer, based in Akçalar, Nilüfer, Bursa Province.	Karsan	Bursa
headquarters location	Salaam Baalak Trust (SBT) is an Indian non-profit and non-governmental organization which provides support for street and working children in the inner cities of New Delhi, and Mumbai.	Salaam Baalak Trust	New Delhi
headquarters location	ICM Partners is a talent and literary agency with offices in Los Angeles, New York, Washington D.C. and London.	ICM Partners	Los Angeles
headquarters location	SignalDemand, an on-demand provider of price and margin optimization software for large manufacturers, was founded in 2004 by Mike Neal and is based in San Francisco with its European headquarters in London.	SignalDemand	San Francisco
headquarters location	JSC RMG Copper (JSCM) (Georgian: სააქციო საზოგადოება არ ემ ჯი კოპერი, saak'ts'io sazogadoeba ``RMG Copper'', formerly JSC Madneuli) is a mining company based in Tbilisi, Georgia.	JSC RMG Copper	Tbilisi
headquarters location	Caresto is registered in Ängelholm in southern Sweden (Vegeå Tegelbruk, Rodervägen, SE 262 94, Ängelholm).	Caresto	Ängelholm
headquarters location	Stonyfield Farm, also simply called Stonyfield, is an organic yogurt maker located in Londonderry, New Hampshire, USA.	Stonyfield Farm	Londonderry, New Hampshire
headquarters location	Revolution Software Ltd is a British video game developer, based in York, United Kingdom.	Revolution Software	York
headquarters location	Several of Agrokor's Croatian subsidiaries are listed on the Zagreb Stock Exchange (ZSE) and Ledo is included in its official share index CROBEX as of September 2010.	Agrokor	Zagreb
headquarters location	Stoewer was a German automobile manufacturer before World War II whose headquarters were in Stettin (Now Szczecin, Poland).	Stoewer	Szczecin
headquarters location	DMZGlobal Ltd was founded in Wellington on the 30th of August 2000 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Sytec Resources Ltd. DMZGlobal was acquired by TelstraClear when it purchased Sytec Resources Ltd late 2004.	DMZGlobal	Wellington
headquarters location	The International Centre of Insect Physiology and Ecology (ICIPE, branded as icipe) is an international scientific research institute, headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya that works towards improving lives and livelihoods of people in Africa.	International Centre of Insect Physiology and Ecology	Nairobi
headquarters location	Tenneco, with headquarters in Lake Forest, Illinois, United States is an automotive components original equipment manufacturer and an after-market ride-control and emissions products.	Tenneco	Lake Forest
headquarters location	Sanmina Corporation is a global electronics manufacturing services (EMS) provider headquartered in San Jose, California that serves original equipment manufacturers in technology-related industries such as communications and computer hardware.	Sanmina Corporation	San Jose
headquarters location	Mission Motors was an American company founded in 2007 in San Francisco, California.	Mission Motors	San Francisco
headquarters location	Unison Healthcare Group (友信醫療集團), also known as UHG, started out as ``Unison'' (友信行), is a Taiwanese medical device distributor founded in 1955, headquartered in Taipei.	Unison Healthcare Group	Taipei
headquarters location	Mander Brothers was a major employer in the city of Wolverhampton, in the English Midlands, a progressive company founded in 1773.	Mander Brothers	Wolverhampton
headquarters location	Playlogic International N.V. was a full subsidiary of Playlogic Entertainment, Inc. and was based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Playlogic Entertainment	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Codexis'' corporate headquarters is located in Redwood City, California and provides general administrative support to its business and is the center of Codexis'' manufacturing and research and development operations.	Codexis	Redwood City
headquarters location	Oasis500 is an ICT, digital media and mobile sector business accelerator and investment company based in Amman, Jordan.	Oasis500	Amman
headquarters location	Double O Radio was a privately held media corporation with corporate headquarters in Charleston, South Carolina.	Double O Radio	Charleston
headquarters location	Ernest Borel SA is headquartered at their new factory premises at Le Noirmont, Switzerland.	Ernest Borel	Le Noirmont
headquarters location	TPV Technology Limited (informally TPV) (Chinese: 冠捷科技; pinyin: Guànjié Kējí) is a Fortune China 500 multinational electronics manufacturing company headquartered in Hong Kong, China.	TPV Technology	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Team and Concepts (TnC) is a Hong Kong-based company founded by David K. F. Lee and others in 2003.	Team and Concepts	Hong Kong
headquarters location	The Escola de la Llotja (Catalan pronunciation: (əsˈkɔɫə ðə ɫə ˈʎɔdʒə), ``Llotja School''), officially the Escola d'Arts i Oficis de Barcelona (Barcelona Arts and Crafts School), is an art and design school located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Escola de la Llotja	Barcelona
headquarters location	Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. (HHI) is the world's largest shipbuilding company, headquartered in Ulsan, South Korea.	Hyundai Heavy Industries	Ulsan
headquarters location	Let's Dish! is a Minneapolis-based meal-preparation company founded in 2003.	Let's Dish!	Minneapolis
headquarters location	So Television and So Radio are based in London, England.	So Television	London
headquarters location	Cabela's Inc. is a direct marketer and specialty retailer of hunting, fishing, camping, shooting, and related outdoor recreation merchandise, based in Sidney, Nebraska.	Cabela's	Sidney
headquarters location	Regal Petroleum plc is a petroleum company based in London with assets in Romania, Ukraine, Greece, and Egypt.	Regal Petroleum	London
headquarters location	Segment 3 is an experimental theatre and film production company based in Montreal, Canada, which has been active since early 2013.	Segment 3	Montreal
headquarters location	Option N.V. is a publicly quoted technology company, headquartered in Leuven, Belgium.	Option N.V.	Leuven
headquarters location	Coronation Fund Managers is a South-African third-party fund management company, headquartered in Cape Town.	Coronation Fund Managers	Cape Town
headquarters location	OSL Consulting is an independent Gas and Oil design consultancy and engineering and project management company headquartered in Kingston upon Hull, United Kingdom.	OSL Consulting	Kingston upon Hull
headquarters location	Transgender Foundation of America (TFA) is a Houston, Texas-based non-profit organization whose mission is to advance the quality of life for transgender people.	Transgender Foundation of America	Houston
headquarters location	The Blue Mountain Brewery in Afton, Virginia is a brewery which forms, along with Starr Hill Brewery, South Street Brewery and Devils Backbone Brewing Company, an integral part of the Brew Ridge Trail.	Blue Mountain Brewery	Afton, Virginia
headquarters location	CupruMin is a company based in Abrud, Alba County, Romania specialised in the production of copper and copper ore.	CupruMin	Abrud
headquarters location	Emlin Cosmetics is a privately held company based in Bensenville, Illinois and has been in business for over fifty years manufacturing customized soap and bath amenity products for the most exclusive hotel chains.	Emlin	Bensenville
headquarters location	Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd. (SHKP; Chinese: 新鴻基地產發展有限公司) (SEHK: 0016) is a listed corporation based in Hong Kong.	Sun Hung Kai Properties	Hong Kong
headquarters location	The Blackstone Group L.P. is an American multinational private equity, investment banking, alternative asset management and financial services corporation based in New York City.	The Blackstone Group	New York City
headquarters location	Leidos, a joint spin-off of Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), is an American defense company headquartered in Reston, Virginia, that provides scientific, engineering, systems integration, and technical services.	Leidos	Reston
headquarters location	Mahadeva Achchirama Children Home (also known as Mahadeva Ashtrama Saivach Chiruvar Illam, Kurukulam and Gurukulam) is situated in Jeyanthy Nagar, Puthumurippu, Kilinochchi, Sri Lanka.	Mahadeva Achchirama Children Home	Kilinochchi
headquarters location	Slant Six Games' studio was based in Vancouver BC, Canada.	Slant Six Games	Vancouver
headquarters location	Hsin Tung Yang (Chinese: 新東陽; pinyin: Xīn Dōng Yáng; literally: ``new horizon'') is a food service company and retailer based in Taipei, Taiwan.	Hsin Tung Yang	Taipei
headquarters location	Martin's Famous Pastry Shoppe, Inc. is a family owned and operated consumer goods company headquartered in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, United States.	Martin's Famous Pastry Shoppe, Inc.	Chambersburg
headquarters location	Africa Israel Investments Ltd. (AFI Group) is an international holding and investment company based in Yehud, Israel.	Africa Israel Investments	Yehud
headquarters location	In addition to its headquarters in Santa Monica, California, SolarReserve has offices in Spain, Chile, South Africa, Turkey, Australia, and the United Arab Emirates.	SolarReserve	Santa Monica
headquarters location	Zip.ca was a member of the privately held Momentous Group of companies, and was owner of the Ottawa Rapidz baseball team until its first-season bankruptcy.	Zip.ca	Ottawa
headquarters location	The Edmund Burke Foundation (Edmund Burke Stichting) is a conservative group based in The Hague, the Netherlands.	Edmund Burke Foundation	The Hague
headquarters location	Tomorrow Focus AG, which has its registered office in Munich, Germany, is an exchange-listed internet group and one of the leading providers of digital media content in Germany.	Tomorrow Focus	Munich
headquarters location	Bushy's Brewery is a local brewery in Douglas in the Isle of Man, which was founded by brother and sister Martin and Nicky Brunnschwieler in 1986.	Bushy's Brewery	Douglas
headquarters location	Capybara Games is an independent game studio based out of Toronto, Canada.	Capybara Games	Toronto
headquarters location	Parallax Studio is an American animation studio based in Nixa, Missouri, created by J. Allen Williams.	Parallax Studio	Nixa, Missouri
headquarters location	Tiedtke's is a former grocery and department store chain based in Toledo, Ohio.	Tiedtke's	Toledo
headquarters location	The CIT du Sud-Ouest (CITSO), officially the Conseil Intermunicipal de Transport du Sud-Ouest, is the bus service that operates bus routes from Montreal to Kahnawake, Châteauguay, and Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River in Quebec, Canada.	CIT du Sud-Ouest	Châteauguay
headquarters location	Pedigree Petfoods is a subsidiary of the American group Mars, Incorporated specializing in pet food, with factories in England at Melton Mowbray and Birstall, Leeds; and offices at McLean, Virginia.	Pedigree Petfoods	McLean
headquarters location	Cenovus Energy Inc. (pronounced se-nō-vus) is an integrated oil company headquartered in Calgary, Alberta.	Cenovus Energy	Calgary
headquarters location	Vince & Son flourished for 120 years in their established profession as wheeled-transport specialists in Ely, Cambridgeshire.	Vince & Son	Ely
headquarters location	Miller Electric is an arc welding and cutting equipment manufacturing company based in Appleton, WI.	Miller Electric	Appleton
headquarters location	Vigil Games was an Austin, Texas based game development company owned by THQ.	Vigil Games	Austin
headquarters location	ZIOPHARM Oncology is a publicly held, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, that develops novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer.	ZIOPHARM Oncology	Boston
headquarters location	Big Huge Games is a video game developer located in Timonium, Maryland.	Big Huge Games	Timonium, Maryland
headquarters location	The company was formed in 1930 by Evangelos Papastratos with its first factory located in Piraeus.	Papastratos	Piraeus
headquarters location	OLogic was founded in Sunnyvale, California by CEO Ted Larson and then-COO Bob Allen, in 2005.	OLogic	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	The Fraunhofer Society was founded in Munich on March 26, 1949, by representatives of industry and academia, the government of Bavaria, and the nascent Federal Republic.	Fraunhofer Society	Munich
headquarters location	Murfin Music International and Murfin Media are companies run by Muff Murfin, and are based at The Old Smithy Studios in Kempsey, Worcestershire, England.	Murfin Music International	Kempsey
headquarters location	Progeny Linux Systems was based in Indianapolis.	Progeny Linux Systems	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Vanderlande is a material handling and logistics automation company based in Veghel, Netherlands.	Vanderlande	Veghel
headquarters location	The Radio Lingua Network is a Scottish company headquartered in South Ayrshire, Scotland that provides language-learning materials through podcasts, YouTube videos, the iBookstore and other Internet-based media.	Radio Lingua Network	South Ayrshire
headquarters location	Dijkse Boys is a Dutch amateur association football club from Helmond, North Brabant.	Dijkse Boys	Helmond
headquarters location	NextGenTel is a Norwegian telecommunications company located in Bergen (HQ), Trondheim, Oslo, Stavanger, and Kristiansand.	NextGenTel	Bergen
headquarters location	Züst experimented with prototypes of cars from around 1900 on and in Milan in 1905, he founded the Zust company for manufacturing cars and commercial vehicles.	Zust	Milan
headquarters location	Gruenrekorder is a German record label for field recording, soundscapes and sound art. It was founded in 2003 by the sound artists Lasse-Marc Riek and Roland Etzin in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Gruenrekorder	Frankfurt
headquarters location	Financial Street Holding Company Limited (SZSE: 000402) is a listed company of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, which mainly involves in selling and leasing high-end business real estate in Beijing Financial Street area of Beijing, China.	Financial Street Holding	Beijing
headquarters location	Costco's worldwide headquarters are in Issaquah, Washington, USA, and the company opened its first warehouse in 1983 in Seattle.	Costco	Issaquah
headquarters location	Chemische Werke Kluthe GmbH is a German-based chemical company headquartered in Heidelberg.	Chemische Werke Kluthe	Heidelberg
headquarters location	Mammoth Resource Partners is headquartered in Cave City, Kentucky, which provides relatively close proximity to its 15,000 acres (61 km2) of lease and land holdings in the Appalachian Basin.	Mammoth Resource Partners	Cave City
headquarters location	Huy Fong Foods is a hot sauce company based in Irwindale, California.	Huy Fong Foods	Irwindale
headquarters location	The Communist Party USA is based in New York City.	Communist Party USA	New York City
headquarters location	It has its headquarters, the James Coney Island Support Center, located in Suite 700 in the 11111 Katy Freeway building in Houston.	James Coney Island	Houston
headquarters location	Aston Manor Brewery is a former brewery and current bottling company in Aston, Birmingham, England.	Aston Manor Brewery	Birmingham
headquarters location	Republic Windows and Doors was a Chicago, Illinois, USA-based producer of vinyl replacement windows.	Republic Windows and Doors	Chicago
headquarters location	Animal Equality is active in the United Kingdom, India, Spain, Italy, Germany and Venezuela.	Animal Equality	Spain
headquarters location	In the late 1990s, Vicarious Visions appointed Michael Marvin, an Albany based investor and entrepreneur and founder and former CEO of MapInfo Corporation; and Charles S. Jones, investor, who sat on the boards of various software and industrial companies including Geac and PSDI, to its board of directors.	Vicarious Visions	Albany
headquarters location	SuperPlus Food Stores was an American discount supermarket chain that operated in the Chicago area during the 1980s until it was sold, piecemeal, by its parent company, The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company (A&P).	SuperPlus Food Stores	Chicago
headquarters location	Heathrow Hub is an independent proposal to expand capacity at London Heathrow Airport, put forward by Jock Lowe, a former Concorde pilot, and Mark Bostock, an ex-director at Ove Arup.	Heathrow Hub	London
headquarters location	SoundCloud is a global online audio distribution platform based in Berlin, Germany, that enables its users to upload, record, promote, and share their originally-created sounds.	SoundCloud	Berlin
headquarters location	The World Muaythai Council (WMC) is the sole recognized professional sport governing body for the art and spirit of Muaythai, both in Thailand and around the world and is one of the oldest and the largest professional sanctioning organizations of Muaythai in the world for the sport.	World Muaythai Council	Thailand
headquarters location	Bi-Rite Market is a grocery store in San Francisco, California, owned and operated by chef Sam Mogannam, who had previously worked at Jardinière in the city.	Bi-Rite Market	San Francisco
headquarters location	In both 1958 and 1959 Chrysler Australia released Plymouth Belvedere, Dodge Custom Royal and DeSoto Firesweep models which were imported from the US in CKD form and assembled at Chrysler's Adelaide facilities.	Chrysler Australia	Adelaide
headquarters location	Dillanos Coffee Roasters is a family owned specialty coffee roaster located in Sumner, Washington.	Dillanos Coffee Roasters	Sumner
headquarters location	Kantox has its headquarters in the City of London and offices in Barcelona, Spain, and currently works with more than 35 currencies and operates in more than 50 countries worldwide.	Kantox	London
headquarters location	TransCanada Corporation is a major North American energy company based in Calgary, Alberta, developing and operating energy infrastructure in North America.	TransCanada Corporation	Calgary
headquarters location	Everfest is an Austin-based company that connects the festival community online.	Everfest	Austin
headquarters location	Operation Kindness is a no kill animal shelter for domestic cats and dogs located in Carrollton, Texas.	Operation Kindness	Carrollton
headquarters location	Osage Venture Partners (OVP) is a venture capital fund located just outside Philadelphia, Pa.	Osage Venture Partners	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Books4cars is a web-based company in Seattle, Washington, that carries used and rare books related to cars, trucks and motorcycles, such as service manuals, owners manuals and historical books.	Books4cars	Seattle
headquarters location	Serbu Firearms is an American manufacturer of firearms based in Tampa, Florida.	Serbu Firearms	Tampa
headquarters location	Simon Abendanon founded De Surinaamsche Bank (DSB) on 19 January 1865 in Paramaribo, and it opened for business on 18 July 1865 in the home of one of the founders, pending construction of its own building.	De Surinaamsche Bank	Paramaribo
headquarters location	ClearCube is a computer systems manufacturer based in Austin, Texas, owned by parent company ClearCube Holdings.	ClearCube	Austin
headquarters location	GM Powertrain Torino is a powertrain engineering center headquartered in Turin, Italy and was founded in 2005.	GM Powertrain Torino	Turin
headquarters location	Transportistas Unidos Mexicanos otherwise known as TUM or TUM Transportistas, is a Mexican Trucking Company based out of Mexico City founded in 1938.	Transportistas Unidos Mexicanos	Mexico City
headquarters location	Matheson & Company was a London-based trading house closely associated with Jardine Matheson of Hong Kong and Jardine Skinner of Calcutta.	Matheson & Company	London
headquarters location	Chance Brothers and Company was a glassworks originally based in Spon Lane, Smethwick, West Midlands (formerly in Staffordshire), in England.	Chance Brothers	Smethwick
headquarters location	XHAW-TDT, virtual channel 12 (UHF digital channel 25), is a television station in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.	XHAW-TDT	Monterrey
headquarters location	Rocketdyne was an American rocket engine design and production company headquartered in Canoga Park, located in the western San Fernando Valley of suburban Los Angeles, in southern California.	Rocketdyne	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Alton Railroad (reporting mark A) was the final name of a railroad linking Chicago to Alton, Illinois, St. Louis, Missouri, and Kansas City, Missouri.	Alton Railroad	Chicago
headquarters location	Cambodia Angkor Air (Khmer: កម្ពុជា អង្គរ អ៊ែរ) is the national flag carrier airline of Cambodia, headquartered in Phnom Penh.	Cambodia Angkor Air	Phnom Penh
headquarters location	Dana Petroleum plc is an oil and gas exploration and production company based in Aberdeen, United Kingdom.	Dana Petroleum	Aberdeen
headquarters location	In February 2008 Spreadex moved to offices in St Albans, Hertfordshire and followed this by opening an office in Liverpool in 2010.	Spreadex	St Albans
headquarters location	Shilpa Architects is an international architecture, design and planning firm that was founded in 1979 in Chennai, India.	Shilpa Architects	Chennai
headquarters location	With War in Europe looming, English Electric was instructed by the Air Ministry to construct a ``shadow factory'' at Samlesbury Aerodrome in Lancashire to build Handley Page Hampden bombers.	English Electric	Lancashire
headquarters location	Iamgold Corporation is a Toronto based international gold producer.	Iamgold	Toronto
headquarters location	Advanced Aircraft Corporation is an aircraft manufacturer based in Carlsbad, California.	Advanced Aircraft	Carlsbad
headquarters location	Teremok restaurants are operating in Moscow and Saint Petersburg.	Teremok	Moscow
headquarters location	Skagen Funds is a Scandinavian mutual fund company founded in 1993 and headquartered in Stavanger, Norway.	Skagen Funds	Stavanger
headquarters location	Hardee's moved its headquarters from Rocky Mount, North Carolina, to downtown St. Louis, Missouri, in 2001.	Hardee's	St. Louis
headquarters location	Istithmar World (``istithmar'' is Arabic for ``investment'') is an investment firm based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Istithmar World	Dubai
headquarters location	Glorious Property Holdings Limited (Chinese: 恒盛地产) (SEHK: 0845) is a Shanghai-based property developer, established in 1996.	Glorious Property Holdings	Shanghai
headquarters location	Bellwether Pictures is an American film production studio based in Los Angeles, United States.	Bellwether Pictures	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Founded in 1922 in New York City, Gibbs & Cox is now headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.	Gibbs & Cox	New York City
headquarters location	Canada Remote Systems, or simply CRS, was a major commercial bulletin board system located in the Toronto area.	Canada Remote Systems	Toronto
headquarters location	Sinitus'' business operations are based in Küsnacht on the shores of the Lake Zurich.	Sinitus	Küsnacht
headquarters location	Siberian Business Union (SBU) (Russian: Сибирский деловой союз, or Sibirskiy Delovoy Souz (SDS)) is a Russian holding company based in Kemerovo in Siberia.	Siberian Business Union	Kemerovo
headquarters location	Loeb's NY Deli is a historic kosher-style deli in downtown Washington, D.C., USA.	Loeb's NY Deli	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Schott NYC (Schott Bros) is an American clothing manufacturing company located in New York City.	Schott NYC	New York City
headquarters location	Clì Gàidhlig ((ˈkʰliː ˈkaːlɪkʲ)), founded in 1984 as Comann an Luchd-Ionnsachaidh ((ˈkʰomən̪ˠ ə lˠ̪uxˈkʲũːn̪ˠs̪əxɪ), 'the Learners' Society'), is an organisation based in Inverness which seeks to support learners of the Scottish Gaelic language and has campaigned actively to promote the language.	Clì Gàidhlig	Inverness
headquarters location	Challenger, Gray & Christmas, with headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois, is the oldest executive outplacement firm in the US.	Challenger, Gray & Christmas	Chicago
headquarters location	James Lamont & Co were established as a ship repairer at East India Harbour, Greenock, in 1870.	James Lamont & Co	Greenock
headquarters location	Four Barrel Coffee is a coffee roaster based in San Francisco, California, with three cafes in San Francisco.	Four Barrel Coffee	San Francisco
headquarters location	Founded in 2004 by Dusty Mancinelli and Harry Cherniak, Inflo Films is a Toronto-based independent film production company.	Inflo Films	Toronto
headquarters location	IndusInd Bank Limited is a Mumbai based Indian new generation bank, established in 1994.	IndusInd Bank	Mumbai
headquarters location	Xirrus, Inc is a Wi-Fi technology company based in Thousand Oaks, California, US, that designs and sells wireless networking equipment based on the IEEE standards 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n and 802.11ac.	Xirrus	Thousand Oaks
headquarters location	The Shoe Company is a Canadian shoe and apparel store, originating from the Greater Toronto Area.	The Shoe Company	Toronto
headquarters location	Dynamic Signal is a social marketing company based in San Bruno, California.	Dynamic Signal	San Bruno
headquarters location	AccorHotels Arena (originally known as Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy and formerly Bercy Arena) is an indoor sports arena and concert hall located on boulevard de Bercy in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, France.	AccorHotels Arena	boulevard de Bercy
headquarters location	Rooky Ricardo's Records is a record store in the Lower Haight district of San Francisco, California, which features mainly soul music 45 rpm records.	Rooky Ricardo's Records	San Francisco
headquarters location	Bank of the West is a diversified financial services holding company, headquartered in San Francisco, California.	Bank of the West	San Francisco
headquarters location	Avercast is an international software company headquartered in Rexburg, Idaho, USA.	Avercast	Rexburg
headquarters location	Vergo Retail Ltd was a department store business based in Liverpool, England, founded in 2007 and currently in administration.	Vergo Retail	Liverpool
headquarters location	They also declared in their joint meeting held at the Tekeyan Center in Yerevan that the Democratic Liberal Party (Armenia) is the rightful historic continuation of the two earlier parties.	Democratic Liberal Party (Armenia)	Yerevan
headquarters location	Con-way, Inc. (NYSE: CNW) was an American multinational freight transportation and logistics company headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States.	Con-way	Ann Arbor
headquarters location	Locust Music is a Chicago-based independent record label founded in 2001.	Locust Music	Chicago
headquarters location	Tangren Media Co. Ltd. (Chinese: 唐人影视有限公司), formerly known as Chinese Entertainment Shanghai Limited (Chinese: 上海唐人电影制作有限公司), is a Chinese entertainment and media company established in 1998 that provides investment, production and publishment of films, TV series, and cartoons.	Tangren Media	Shanghai
headquarters location	Tenzing Communications of Seattle was founded in 1999 by David Coe and a small group of private investors, who had been funding the key software developed by Simon ``Symonty'' Gresham.	Tenzing Communications	Seattle
headquarters location	Fentimans is a botanical brewery based in Hexham, Northumberland, UK.	Fentimans	Hexham
headquarters location	The Deutsche Ausrüstungswerke (DAW; literally the German Equipment Works) was a Nazi German defense contractor with headquarters in Berlin during World War II, owned and operated by the Schutzstaffel (SS).	Deutsche Ausrüstungswerke	Berlin
headquarters location	The Interislander is a road and rail ferry service across New Zealand's Cook Strait, between Wellington in the North Island and Picton in the South Island.	Interislander	Wellington
headquarters location	Brooks Stevens, Inc., formally known as Brooks Stevens Design Associates and Brooks Stevens Design, is a product development firm headquartered in Allenton, Wisconsin.	Brooks Stevens Design Associates	Allenton
headquarters location	G. H. Michell and Sons was an Australian wool processing and broking company based in Hindmarsh, South Australia, relocated to Salisbury, South Australia and with a change in company structure in the 1980s became Michell Australia Pty Ltd then the Michell Group of Companies.	Michell Group of Companies	Hindmarsh
headquarters location	Cercle Sportif Don Bosco de Lubumbashi or simply CS Don Bosco is a football club from DR Congo based in Lubumbashi.	CS Don Bosco	Lubumbashi
headquarters location	Bianet (acronym for Bağımsız İletişim Ağı, Independent Communication Network) is an independent Turkish press agency based in Istanbul.	Bianet	Istanbul
headquarters location	During the so-called Conferència d'Esquerres (Conference of the left), held on the 17 and 19 of March 1931 at Cros street in the Sants district of Barcelona, Estat Català joined the Partit Republicà Català and the political group L'Opinió to form Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya.	Estat Català	Barcelona
headquarters location	Media Asia Entertainment Group (Chinese: 寰亞娛樂集團有限公司), Media Asia Group (Chinese: 寰亞傳媒集團, SEHK: 8075), is a Hong Kong production company and distributor for films made in Hong Kong and throughout China.	Media Asia Entertainment Group	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Pat O'Brien's Bar is a bar located in New Orleans, Louisiana that began operation as a legal liquor establishment on December 3, 1933, at the intersection of Royal and St. Peter streets in the French Quarter.	Pat O'Brien's Bar	New Orleans
headquarters location	Zambia Sugar Plc, is a company based in Mazabuka, Southern Province, Zambia and is the largest sugar producer in Zambia.	Zambia Sugar	Mazabuka
headquarters location	Global Transportation Hub Authority - in Regina Saskatchewan - is Canada's only autonomous and self-governing inland port authority.	Global Transportation Hub Authority	Regina
headquarters location	The Design Research Society (DRS), founded in the United Kingdom in 1966, is an international society for developing and supporting the interests of the design research community.	Design Research Society	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Handel Architects LLP is an architecture firm that was founded in New York City in 1994.	Handel Architects	New York City
headquarters location	Crytek Black Sea (previously known as Black Sea Studios) is a Bulgarian video game developer founded by Vesselin Handjiev (aka Frujin) in 2001 and based in Sofia.	Crytek Black Sea	Sofia
headquarters location	Esterel Technologies, a wholly owned subsidiary of ANSYS, Inc., has offices in Élancourt, France, and Mountain View, California.	Esterel Technologies	Élancourt
headquarters location	Jantzen is a brand of swimwear that was established in 1916 and first appeared in the city of Portland, Oregon, United States.	Jantzen	Portland
headquarters location	Duck Commander is both the brand of a best-selling duck call and the name of the company in West Monroe, Louisiana, United States.	Duck Commander	West Monroe, Louisiana
headquarters location	Camerons Brewery Ltd is an English brewing company founded in 1865 by John William Cameron in Hartlepool, County Durham.	Camerons Brewery	Hartlepool
headquarters location	Altai State Medical University (Russian: Алтайский Государственный Медицинский Университет) is a state university in Barnaul, Russia.	Altai State Medical University	Barnaul
headquarters location	Picture.com is an Internet-based photo specialty publishing service based in Raleigh, North Carolina, owned by Lulu.	Picture.com	Raleigh
headquarters location	Chick-fil-A (CHIK-fil-AY, a play on the US pronunciation of ``fillet'') is an American fast food restaurant chain headquartered in the Atlanta suburb of College Park, Georgia, specializing in chicken sandwiches.	Chick-fil-A	Atlanta
headquarters location	Chime Communications Limited is a marketing services company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Chime Communications Limited	London
headquarters location	Aeroframe Services was headquartered in Lake Charles, Louisiana at Chennault International Airport.	Aeroframe Services	Lake Charles
headquarters location	ComplianceOnline, part of MetricStream, is a compliance training provider based in Palo Alto, California.	ComplianceOnline	Palo Alto
headquarters location	AdvisorShares Investments is a US-based investment management firm based in Bethesda, Maryland which offers actively managed exchange-traded funds (ETFs) through the AdvisorShares Trust.	AdvisorShares	Bethesda
headquarters location	IRIS Distribution (Independent Recording Industry Services) - now The Orchard - is a digital music distribution and marketing firm based in San Francisco, CA and New York City.	IRIS Distribution	San Francisco
headquarters location	New Flyer Industries Inc. is a bus manufacturer in North America, headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	New Flyer Industries	Winnipeg
headquarters location	The David Cutler Group is a Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania based company and the largest privately held residential builder of new luxury homes and luxury communities in Philadelphia, PA's Delaware Valley area.	David Cutler Group	Plymouth Meeting
headquarters location	BDA China Limited (BDA) is a business advising firm based in Beijing, China.	BDA China Limited	Beijing
headquarters location	USAA is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, occupying 286 acres (116 ha) (a former horse farm) in a large single-occupancy office building on the city's northwest side.	USAA	San Antonio
headquarters location	Tulloch Limited was an Australian engineering and railway rolling stock manufacturer, located at Rhodes, New South Wales.	Tulloch Limited	Rhodes, New South Wales
headquarters location	The corporate headquarters of Walden Media are located in Los Angeles, California, and the Education, Outreach, Interactive and Publishing office is in Boston, Massachusetts.	Walden Media	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Nordeus is a Serbian social network game developer based in Belgrade, with offices in Dublin, San Francisco and Skopje.	Nordeus	Belgrade
headquarters location	Founded in Los Angeles, California, in 1989, Streamline Pictures was one of the first North American companies that was created primarily with the intention of distributing translated anime uncut and faithful to the original content.	Streamline Pictures	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Ntrepid is an American software, hardware, and cyber security company, registered in Florida and based in Herndon, Virginia.	Ntrepid	Herndon
headquarters location	Mittal Hospital & Research Centre is a healthcare corporation that operates multi specialist hospitals in Ajmer, Rajasthan.	Mittal Hospital	Ajmer
headquarters location	Infineon Technologies AG, in Neubiberg near Munich, offers semiconductors and systems for automotive, industrial, and multimarket sectors, as well as chipcard and security products.	Infineon Technologies	Neubiberg
headquarters location	CPEC (Communication Power Engineering Company) (BSE: 505678) is a solar photovoltaic power plant developer and operator in India and Africa, founded in Mumbai, India, with headquarters in London, United Kingdom.	Communication Power Engineering Company	London
headquarters location	Ukrainian Air Force headquarters is located in the city of Vinnytsia.	Ukrainian Air Force	Vinnytsia
headquarters location	UpScale and Posh is a floristry company founded in 2002 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	UpScale and Posh	Dubai
headquarters location	Trunk Archive is an image licensing agency, based in New York City.	Trunk Archive	New York City
headquarters location	Karl Strauss Brewing Company is a San Diego, California-based beer business with a brewery and a chain of brewpub restaurants.	Karl Strauss Brewing Company	San Diego
headquarters location	Its headquarters is located at the Torre BBVA Bancomer on Paseo de la Reforma in Mexico City.	BBVA Bancomer	Mexico City
headquarters location	The New England Business Journals, Inc. is the Rutland, Vermont based publisher of Valley Business Journal, Champlain Business Journal, and Rutland Business Journal.	New England Business Journals, Inc.	Rutland
headquarters location	Chances Bar was a nightclub in the Montrose neighborhood of Houston, Texas, which catered to the local LGBT community, particularly lesbians.	Chances Bar	Houston
headquarters location	Asuda is a non-profit, non-governmental, non-affiliated organization based in Sulaymaniyah, Iraqi Kurdistan.	Asuda	Sulaymaniyah
headquarters location	Jason's Deli is a fast casual delicatessen restaurant chain headquartered in Beaumont, Texas, United States.	Jason's Deli	Beaumont
headquarters location	Keychain Logistics has offices in San Francisco.	Keychain Logistics	San Francisco
headquarters location	By 1923 Vita-Film had built the Rosenhügel Film Studios in the Vienna suburbs, which still stand and are still used for film production.	Vita-Film	Vienna
headquarters location	Global Sweeteners Holdings Limited (SEHK: 3889) is listed food company in Hong Kong.	Global Sweeteners	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Natal Drums (in past known as Natal Percussion Company) is an English drum and hardware manufacturing company based in Bletchley, England, United Kingdom.	Natal Drums	Bletchley
headquarters location	Thunderbike was founded in 1985, as a Suzuki dealer named Motorradschuppen (eng.: motorcycle shed) in the small town of Hamminkeln in western Germany.	Thunderbike	Hamminkeln
headquarters location	SoYoung, formally known as SoYoung Mother, is a privately held diaper and lunch bag designer brand from Toronto, Ontario, Canada that was incorporated in 2004.	SoYoung	Toronto
headquarters location	Yema is a watchmaking company in Besançon, France.	Yema	Besançon
headquarters location	The Lanchester Motor Company Limited was a car manufacturer located until early 1931 at Armourer Mills, Montgomery Street, Sparkbrook, Birmingham, and afterwards at Sandy Lane, Coventry England.	Lanchester Motor Company	Birmingham
headquarters location	Midwest Communications is a Wausau, Wisconsin-based radio broadcasting company.	Midwest Communications	Wausau
headquarters location	1E has offices in London, New York, Dublin, and Noida, being headquartered in the former.	1E	London
headquarters location	Boombotix is a San Francisco, California based company that makes and markets portable speakers and mobile audio accessories.	Boombotix	San Francisco
headquarters location	Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. commonly known as Lionbridge, is a company based in Waltham, Massachusetts, United States (U.S.) that provides translation, online marketing, global content management and application testing products.	Lionbridge	Waltham
headquarters location	On 4 June 1992 Australians for Constitutional Monarchy held their first public meeting at Sydney Town Hall attended by about 450 people.	Australians for Constitutional Monarchy	Sydney
headquarters location	Direct Ferries has reported an increase in cyclists using its service, particularly from Britain to France, after the success of the British cycling team in the 2012 London Olympics.	Direct Ferries	London
headquarters location	Selective TV, Inc. is an over-the-air broadcasting company in Alexandria, Minnesota.	Selective TV, Inc.	Alexandria
headquarters location	Anaplan is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in England, France, Sweden, Benelux, Australia, Russia, Malaysia, and Singapore.	Anaplan	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Cape Libraries Automated Materials Sharing (CLAMS) library network is a non-profit, cooperative association of thirty-five member libraries and thirty-eight locations located throughout Cape Cod, Martha's Vineyard, and Nantucket.	Cape Libraries Automated Materials Sharing	Cape Cod
headquarters location	Joyou is headquartered in Nan’an, Quanzhou in the Chinese province of Fujian and is owned by the holding company Joyou AG, a German stock corporation located in Hamburg.	Joyou	Hamburg
headquarters location	Stan Mobile is a former mobile virtual network operator service based in the United Kingdom.	Stan Mobile	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Sportradar AG is a multinational corporation with headquarters in St. Gallen, Switzerland, that collects and analyzes sports data.	Sportradar	St. Gallen
headquarters location	VSee is based in Sunnyvale, California with remote staff located worldwide.	VSee	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Piramal Enterprises Limited, formerly Piramal Healthcare Limited, is a diversified company headquartered in Mumbai, India and also a member of the Piramal Group.	Piramal Enterprises	Mumbai
headquarters location	FBOP Corporation was a financial company based in Oak Park, Illinois, USA.	FBOP Corporation	Oak Park
headquarters location	Start Football is a United Kingdom sports retailer founded in 1991 and is based in Cramlington, Northumberland.	Start Football	Cramlington
headquarters location	Konarka Technologies, Inc. was a solar energy company based in Lowell, Massachusetts, founded in 2001 as a spin-off from University of Massachusetts Lowell.	Konarka Technologies	Lowell
headquarters location	Cosmos Engineering was a company that manufactured aero-engines in a factory in Fishponds, Bristol during World War I. Sir Roy Fedden, the company's principal designer, developed the 14-cylinder radial Mercury engine during this period.	Cosmos Engineering	Fishponds
headquarters location	Ferrell North America moved its operations from Houston to the Ferrellgas corporate headquarters in Overland Park, Kansas in 2005.	Ferrell North America	Overland Park
headquarters location	The Britannia Yacht Club (BYC) is a private social club, yacht club and tennis club based in Britannia Ottawa, Ontario.	Britannia Yacht Club	Ottawa
headquarters location	The Joseph Horne Company, often referred to simply as Joseph Horne's or Horne's, was an iconic, regional department store chain based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Joseph Horne Company	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited (MMFSL) is one of India's leading Rural NBFC headquartered in Mumbai, India.	Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited	Mumbai
headquarters location	CloudBees is headquartered in San Jose, CA with additional offices in Lewes, DE, Richmond, VA, Brussels, Belgium and Neuchâtel, Switzerland.	CloudBees	San Jose
headquarters location	The Clarion Project (formerly Clarion Fund, Inc.) is a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit organization founded in 2006.	Clarion Project	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Control Module Industries is a company with headquarters in Enfield, Connecticut that develops and manufactures electronic and electromechanical equipment.	Control Module Industries	Enfield
headquarters location	Demel (colloquially der Demel) is a famous pastry shop and chocolaterie established in 1786 in Vienna, Austria.	Demel	Vienna
headquarters location	Equality Utah is an American non-profit 501(c)(3) organization which is Utah's largest LGBT rights group based in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Equality Utah	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	BBK Electronics' headquarters and production base are in Chang'an, Dongguan.	BBK Electronics	Dongguan
headquarters location	CF Industries Holdings, Inc. is a North American manufacturer and distributor of agricultural fertilizers, based in Deerfield, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.	CF Industries	Deerfield
headquarters location	759 Store is a Hong Kong chain store selling groceries and snacks.	759 Store	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Conjunct Consulting is a Singapore-based nonprofit organization which offers pro bono management consulting services to other nonprofits and social enterprises in the areas of financial sustainability, human capital development, operations management, impact assessment and strategic planning.	Conjunct Consulting	Singapore
headquarters location	SunCore Corporation is a company that produces light-powered intelligent charging systems to power today's mobile devices for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), operators (service providers) and distributors, cofounded in 2004 by Steven Brimmer in Irvine, California.	SunCore Corporation	Irvine
headquarters location	Producción y Distribución Venezolana de Alimentos (PDVAL), is a nationwide food supply network created by Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez and Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) in response to the high food demand and presumed stockpiling by private food sectors, creating food shortage.	PDVAL	Venezuela
headquarters location	MKC Networks was a privately owned supplier of VoIP (Voice over IP) equipment and software components headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	MKC Networks	Ottawa
headquarters location	Harvard Common Press of Boston, Massachusetts, is an independent publisher of high-quality cookbooks and parenting books.	Harvard Common Press	Boston
headquarters location	Austevoll Seafood has operations in Storebø, the administrative centre and largest village in Austevoll municipality, Norway.	Austevoll Seafood	Storebø
headquarters location	The Waco Aircraft Company (WACO) was an aircraft manufacturer located in Troy, Ohio, USA.	Waco Aircraft Company	Troy
headquarters location	In 1988, Sub Pop Records LLC was formed by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle, Washington.	Sub Pop	Seattle
headquarters location	BoConcept, headquartered Herning, Denmark, is a high-end Danish designer and manufacturer of sleek modern design furniture, with an emphasis on fashion and functionality, that has approximately 300 locations around the world.	BoConcept	Herning
headquarters location	Nature's Harmony Farm LLC is an artisanal cheese operation located in Elberton, Georgia.	Nature's Harmony Farm	Elberton, Georgia
headquarters location	The Schaefer Group consists of three independent, international companies, that started operations in Salchendorf (Neunkirchen) in the district Siegen-Wittgenstein of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Schaefer Group	Neunkirchen
headquarters location	Beaujon Aircraft, also known as Beaujon Ultralights, is an American aircraft design company, located in Ardmore, Oklahoma.	Beaujon Aircraft	Ardmore
headquarters location	Based in Bremen in northern Germany, Hachez is (after Lindt) the second largest German manufacturer of chocolate products.	Hachez	Bremen
headquarters location	Headquartered in Somerset, New Jersey, Catalent operates 33 locations across five continents, producing more than 70 billion doses annually for nearly 7,000 customer products.	Catalent	Somerset
headquarters location	In 2006, ACL became Students for Life of America, hiring a staff and opening a national headquarters in Arlington, Virginia, which has relocated to Manassas and then to Fredericksburg, Virginia.	Students for Life of America	Fredericksburg
headquarters location	Hang Lung Properties (SEHK: 101, OTC Pink: HLPPY), formerly Amoy Properties and parented by Hang Lung Group, is a Hong Kong real estate company.	Hang Lung Properties	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Société Nationale de Crédit et d'Investissement or SNCI is a public-law banking institution in Luxembourg City designed to encourage business investments, start-ups and research initiatives.	Société Nationale de Crédit et d'Investissement	Luxembourg
headquarters location	Allegiance Communications corporate headquarters are located in Shawnee, Oklahoma, with a basic subscriber base of more than 40,000 customers.	Allegiance Communications	Shawnee
headquarters location	The RATP Group (French: Groupe RATP), also known as the Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens (English: Autonomous Operator of Parisian Transports) is a state-owned public transport operator headquartered in Paris, France.	RATP Group	Paris
headquarters location	Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. is an American steel manufacturing and scrap metal recyling company headquartered in Portland, Oregon.	Schnitzer Steel Industries	Portland
headquarters location	Pop Art, Inc. is an independently owned American interactive marketing agency located in Portland, Oregon.	Pop Art, Inc.	Portland
headquarters location	Shell Energy North America's Canadian operational unit, Shell Canada, maintains a regional corporate office in Calgary, Alberta.	Shell Canada	Calgary
headquarters location	The Mellotron is an electro-mechanical, polyphonic tape replay keyboard originally developed and built in Birmingham, England, in 1963.	Mellotron	Birmingham
headquarters location	The current Breadsmith Franchising, Inc office is located at 409 E Silver Spring Drive, Whitefish Bay, WI.	Breadsmith	Whitefish Bay
headquarters location	Cascade Community Federal Credit Union is a credit union in Roseburg, Oregon.	Cascade Community Federal Credit Union	Roseburg
headquarters location	CommunityAmerica Credit Union (CACU) is a credit union headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, regulated under the authority of the Missouri Division of Credit Unions and the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) of the U.S. federal government.	CommunityAmerica Credit Union	Kansas City
headquarters location	The Boundary Bay Brewing Company, also known as the Boundary Bay Brewery & Bistro is a brewery and brewpub in Bellingham, Washington, USA.	Boundary Bay Brewing Company	Bellingham
headquarters location	The Chicago Park District's Headquarters are located in the Time-Life Building in the Streeterville neighborhood.	Chicago Park District	Time-Life Building
headquarters location	Reeds Jewelers is a U.S. retail jewelry company founded in 1946 by Bill and Roberta Zimmer in Wilmington, North Carolina.	Reeds Jewelers	Wilmington
headquarters location	Olympiacos Water Polo Club is the men's water polo team of the major Greek multi-sport club Olympiacos CFP, based in Piraeus.	Olympiacos Water Polo Club	Piraeus
headquarters location	Stryker Corporation is a Fortune 500 medical technologies firm based in Kalamazoo, Michigan.	Stryker Corporation	Kalamazoo
headquarters location	Party of Justice and Trust (Bosnian: Stranka pravde i povjerenja, Croatian: Stranka pravde i povjerenja, Serbian: Странка правде и повјерења) is a centre-right political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina formed on 13 April 2013 in Sarajevo.	Party of Justice and Trust	Sarajevo
headquarters location	Raymond sold Victoria's Secret Inc. to Leslie Wexner, creator of Limited Stores Inc of Columbus, Ohio, for $1 million.	Victoria's Secret	Columbus
headquarters location	Hip Hing Construction Company Limited (Chinese: 協興建築有限公司) is a main contractor in Hong Kong undertaking various types of building and civil engineering projects for government (especially public housing estates and highways) and private sectors.	Hip Hing Construction	Hong Kong
headquarters location	HSH Nordbank is a commercial bank in northern Europe with headquarters in Hamburg as well as Kiel, Germany.	HSH Nordbank	Hamburg
headquarters location	Marschall Labs is an analytical lab focusing on the coatings industry headquartered in Clearwater, Florida.	Marschall Labs	Clearwater
headquarters location	Invista, headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, United States, is the world's largest integrated fiber, resin and intermediates company.	Invista	Wichita
headquarters location	Edmonton International Airport, owned by Transport Canada, leased by Edmonton Airports, and part of the National Airports System, including a planned inland port logistics support facility in support of the Port Alberta initiative; and Edmonton/Villeneuve Airport, owned by Edmonton Airports.	Edmonton Airports	Edmonton International Airport
headquarters location	Harrisonville Telephone Company was founded in Waterloo, Illinois in 1896, and provides communications to southwestern Illinois.	Harrisonville Telephone Company	Waterloo
headquarters location	Imation, based in the St. Paul suburb of Oakdale, Minnesota, is an American technology corporation that describes itself as a global scalable storage and data security company.	Imation	Oakdale
headquarters location	Milan Presse is a publishing company based in Toulouse, France, that has been owned by Bayard Presse since 2004.	Milan Presse	Toulouse
headquarters location	GammaLink Inc. was founded in Sunnyvale, California by Dr Hank Magnuski and Dr Michael Lutz.	GammaLink	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Jonckheere is a motor coach and bus builder, founded in 1881 by Henri Jonckheere in Roeselare, Belgium.	Jonckheere	Roeselare
headquarters location	Gallus Holding AG, based in St. Gallen, Switzerland, is an international manufacturer of label printing and folding carton presses.	Gallus Holding	St. Gallen
headquarters location	As of November 2014, Akiba Commercial Bank operates a network of 17 branches, in Dar es Salaam, Arusha, Dodoma, Mwanza and other urban centers in the country.	Akiba Commercial Bank	Dar es Salaam
headquarters location	Bonsoni.com was founded in 2010 as a free online marketplace design to connect people and trade goods and services by Bonsoni Ltd, a London based Start-up Company.	Bonsoni	London
headquarters location	Explocity Pvt Ltd is a media and publishing company headquartered in Bangalore.	Explocity	Bangalore
headquarters location	The second Pizza Ranch opened in Orange City in 1983 where the first noon buffet was introduced.	Pizza Ranch	Orange City
headquarters location	The Mongolian Stock Exchange (MSE) (Mongolian: Монголын Хөрөнгийн Бирж/Mongolyn Khöröngiin Birj), located in Ulaanbaatar, is Mongolia's sole stock exchange.	Mongolian Stock Exchange	Ulaanbaatar
headquarters location	TCU Financial Group is a credit union with a head office in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and locations in Regina, Saskatchewan, and at the end of 2014 was the 46th largest credit union in Canada.	TCU Financial Group	Saskatoon
headquarters location	The history of Paulig began in 1876, when German Gustav Paulig established a new company in Helsinki.	Paulig	Helsinki
headquarters location	Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in the Morgan Stanley Building, Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Morgan Stanley	New York City
headquarters location	GenSpera, Inc. (OTC:QB GNSZ) is a development-stage pharmaceutical company based in San Antonio, Texas.	GenSpera	San Antonio
headquarters location	Nintendo European Research & Development (or NERD) was formerly known as Mobiclip, formerly known as Actimagine /ˈɑːktɨmədʒiːn/, is a Nintendo subsidiary, located in Paris, which develops software technologies and middleware for Nintendo platforms.	Nintendo European Research & Development	Paris
headquarters location	Pawnee Aviation was an American aircraft manufacturer initially based in Longmont, Colorado and later in McCook, Nebraska.	Pawnee Aviation	McCook
headquarters location	Flashback Media Group AB is a Swedish media company that publishes magazines, books, websites and also started Sweden's biggest discussion forum in May 2000.	Flashback Media Group	Sweden
headquarters location	Wells Fargo & Company is an American multinational banking and financial services holding company which is headquartered in San Francisco, California, with ``hubquarters'' throughout the country.	Wells Fargo	San Francisco
headquarters location	Valcon Games is a developer and publisher of video games based in Bellevue, Washington, United States.	Valcon Games	Bellevue
headquarters location	Global VR is company based in San Jose, California, that makes arcade games.	Global VR	San Jose
headquarters location	The DeWitt Stern Group, Inc. is a privately held, New York City-based insurance brokerage and risk advisory firm.	DeWitt Stern Group	New York City
headquarters location	The Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs (RSPP), a lobby based in Moscow, promotes the interests of business in Russia.	Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs	Moscow
headquarters location	IDAPT is a privately held Spanish company founded and headquartered in Barcelona with branches in US and Hong Kong.	IDAPT	Barcelona
headquarters location	Joseph Fauchier (1687-1751) was a manufacturer of faïence, a form of glazed pottery, in Marseille, France.	Joseph Fauchier	Marseille
headquarters location	Vygon (UK) Ltd is the largest subsidiary in terms of turnover (£54 million in 2011) of the French medical devices Vygon SA. It is based in Swindon, Wiltshire and operates throughout the United Kingdom.	Vygon (UK)	Swindon
headquarters location	Glatfelter is a global manufacturer of specialty papers and engineered products, headquartered in York, Pennsylvania.	Glatfelter	York
headquarters location	Keimfarben GmbH is a medium-sized company based in Diedorf near Augsburg.	Keimfarben	Diedorf
headquarters location	The Bemis Manufacturing Company is an American manufacturing company based in Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin and is best known for its toilet seat products.	Bemis Manufacturing Company	Sheboygan Falls
headquarters location	The Germanos Group (Greek: Όμιλος ΓΕΡΜΑΝΟΣ) is a Greek holding company based in Athens, Greece.	Germanos Group	Athens
headquarters location	Electricity Ashburton Limited, trading as EA Networks is a co-operatively-owned electricity distribution company, based in Ashburton, New Zealand.	Electricity Ashburton	Ashburton, New Zealand
headquarters location	Acme Packet is a company based in Bedford, Massachusetts which produces and markets session border controllers (SBCs), multiservice security gateways (MSGs) and session routing proxies (SRPs).	Acme Packet	Bedford, Massachusetts
headquarters location	Makani Power is an Alameda, California-based company that developed airborne wind turbines with the support of Google X and the U.S. Department of Energy office of ARPA-E. Makani is a leader in the development of airborne wind power extraction systems.	Makani Power	Alameda
headquarters location	New England Federal Credit Union (NEFCU) is a credit union headquartered in Williston, Vermont, chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) of the U.S. federal government.	New England Federal Credit Union	Williston
headquarters location	Until May 2015, Newspoll was a market research and polling company, part owned by News Corp Australia.	Newspoll	Australia
headquarters location	Atelier of Morabito is in Paris.	Morabito	Paris
headquarters location	I. Magnin & Company was a San Francisco, California-based high fashion and specialty goods luxury department store.	I. Magnin	San Francisco
headquarters location	Ave Line is a Latvian shipping company that operates between Lübeck-Travemünde and Riga.	Ave Line	Riga
headquarters location	Uddeholms AB is a multinational producer of high alloyed tool steel with production in Hagfors, Sweden.	Uddeholms AB	Hagfors
headquarters location	The Schweizer Aircraft Corporation was an American manufacturer of sailplanes, agricultural aircraft and helicopters located in Horseheads, New York.	Schweizer Aircraft	Horseheads, New York
headquarters location	Wargaming Seattle, formerly known as Gas Powered Games, is a video game developer located in Redmond, Washington.	Wargaming Seattle	Redmond
headquarters location	The HDG International Group's global headquarters is in Charlotte, North Carolina.	HDG International Group	Charlotte
headquarters location	Solomon and Peres was a music and entertainment retailer, distributor and music production house based in Belfast, Northern Ireland and Ireland from 1924--1981, before becoming acquired by Decca Records.	Solomon and Peres	Belfast
headquarters location	The new name also refers to the Helsinki Senate Square, where several nearby buildings are managed by Senate Properties.	Senate Properties	Helsinki
headquarters location	BlackRock, Inc. is an American multinational investment management corporation based in New York City.	BlackRock	New York City
headquarters location	The Constellation Theatre Company is a non-profit theater company located in Washington, D.C. It performs at the Source Theatre in Washington D.C. Its declared mission is ``to spark the curiosity and imagination of the people of Greater Washington, DC by bringing stories to life from all over the world.	Constellation Theatre Company	Washington, D.C.	Washington D.C.
headquarters location	Biocon Limited (BSE: 532523) is an Indian biopharmaceutical company based in Bangalore, India.	Biocon	Bangalore
headquarters location	In addition to its headquarters in London, UK, Datcroft Games maintains offices in Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Voronezh, Barnaul, Bar and Balearic Islands (company's European creative hub).	Datcroft Games	London
headquarters location	Truth & Wisdom Press (TWP or ``格致出版社'' in Chinese) is an educational publisher based in Shanghai, China.	Truth & Wisdom Press	Shanghai
headquarters location	Aixam-Mega is a French automobile manufacturer based in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie.	Aixam	Aix-les-Bains
headquarters location	IBC Vehicles Limited is a British automotive manufacturing company based in Luton, Bedfordshire and a subsidiary of Adam Opel AG, itself a wholly owned subsidiary of General Motors (GM).	IBC Vehicles	Luton
headquarters location	Futurice's headquarters is in Helsinki.	Futurice	Helsinki
headquarters location	Sinovel Wind Group Company (Chinese: 华锐风电) is a Chinese wind turbine manufacturer headquartered in Beijing.	Sinovel	Beijing
headquarters location	Création Baumann is a Swiss textile enterprise with headquarters in Langenthal (canton Berne).	Création Baumann	Langenthal
headquarters location	Vector Marketing is the domestic sales arm of Cutco Corporation, an Olean, New York based cutlery manufacturer.	Vector Marketing	Olean
headquarters location	Can Yayınları (English: Life Publications) is a publishing company based in Istanbul, Turkey.	Can Yayınları	Istanbul
headquarters location	Nutter McClennen & Fish LLP is a long-standing law firm in Boston, Massachusetts.	Nutter McClennen & Fish	Boston
headquarters location	AVI-SPL is headquartered in Tampa, Florida, and has a roster of 1,500 employees spread out among 32 branch offices.	AVI-SPL	Tampa
headquarters location	Eight participants from the Final Eliminator meet at the K-1 World Grand Prix Final that was traditionally held at Tokyo Dome.	K-1	Tokyo
headquarters location	FortuneFish is a video game development company situated in Nottingham, UK, who began operations in 2013.	FortuneFish	Nottingham
headquarters location	In 2007, Clandestine Industries Landmark retail store opened in Pete's hometown of Chicago, which contained some store-only exclusives.	Clandestine Industries	Chicago
headquarters location	Softron is a Canadian tax preparation company headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and was founded in 1982.	Softron	Mississauga
headquarters location	Grupo GP or Grupo Garza Ponce is a Mexican construction company based in Monterrey, Nuevo León.	Grupo Garza Ponce	Monterrey
headquarters location	CenturyTel of Colorado, Inc. is a telephone operating company owned by CenturyLink that provides local telephone service in Colorado, including Pagosa Springs.	CenturyTel of Colorado	Pagosa Springs
headquarters location	The Kokang Democracy and Unity Party (Burmese: ကိုးကန့် ဒီမိုကရေစီနှင့် ညီညွတ်ရေးပါတီ, KDUP, locally known as Lashio Long) is a political party in Myanmar, representing the interests of the Kokang Chinese and the Kokang Self-Administered Zone.	Kokang Democracy and Unity Party	Lashio
headquarters location	Dave Smith Motors is a car dealership in Kellogg, Idaho, that attracts customers from all over the country.	Dave Smith Motors	Kellogg
headquarters location	The American Institute for Economic Research (AIER), located in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, is an independent 501(c)(3) economic research institute that represents no fund, concentration of wealth, or other special interests.	American Institute for Economic Research	Great Barrington
headquarters location	Bright Shining City Productions is an independent film and media production company established in Austin, Texas by Polish-American film director and producer Mariusz Kotowski in 2005.	Bright Shining City Productions	Austin
headquarters location	W.S. Darley & Co. is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of firefighting, defense and emergency services equipment, based in Itasca, Illinois, USA.	W.S. Darley & Co.	Itasca
headquarters location	Bacardi Limited is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda, and has a 16-member board of directors led by the original founder's great-great grandson, Facundo L. Bacardí.	Bacardi	Hamilton
headquarters location	The MIT Press is a university press affiliated with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts (United States).	MIT Press	Cambridge
headquarters location	Gericom was an Austrian computer equipment manufacturer, based in Linz, Upper Austria.	Gericom	Linz
headquarters location	Harris + Hoole is a British coffeehouse company headquartered in London.	Harris + Hoole	London
headquarters location	The holding company KHD Humboldt Wedag International AG, based in Cologne, Germany employs more than 750 employees worldwide, including customer service centers in the Americas, India, Russia, and the Asia-Pacific region.	KHD Humboldt Wedag	Cologne
headquarters location	Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of Nestlé, is a United States-based producer of ice cream and frozen yogurt founded in 1928 as Edy's Grand Ice Cream in Oakland, California by Joseph Edy and William Dreyer.	Dreyer's	Oakland
headquarters location	Central University of Technology, Free State or Central University of Technology is a University of Technology in Bloemfontein in the Free State province of South Africa.	Central University of Technology	Bloemfontein
headquarters location	In 1850, Buffet Crampon established its headquarters at Mantes-la-Ville.	Buffet Crampon	Mantes-la-Ville
headquarters location	Sunsuper is a public offer super fund company based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Sunsuper	Brisbane
headquarters location	McRae's was a mid-range regional department store chain founded and based in Jackson, Mississippi, with locations in Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Florida.	McRae's	Jackson
headquarters location	Leisure Learning Unlimited, Inc., is a privately owned continuing-education firm in Houston, Texas.	Leisure Learning Unlimited	Houston
headquarters location	CityZen was a formal dining restaurant located in the Mandarin Oriental Washington hotel in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	CityZen	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Jacob & Josef Kohn, also known as J. & J. Kohn, was an Austrian furniture maker and interior designer in Vienna.	Jacob & Josef Kohn	Vienna
headquarters location	Founded in 1898, it consists today of several cooperatives of independent supermarkets all operating under the umbrella organisation Edeka Zentrale AG & Co KG, with headquarters in Hamburg.	Edeka	Hamburg
headquarters location	Samarco is hosted in Belo Horizonte, the capital of Minas Gerais.	Samarco	Belo Horizonte
headquarters location	The Media-Saturn-Holding GmbH (MSH) is a german holding and the Number One consumer electronics retailer in Europe with its Headquarter in Ingolstadt, Germany.	Media-Saturn-Holding GmbH	Ingolstadt
headquarters location	GE Lighting is a division of General Electric headquartered in Nela Park, East Cleveland, Ohio, United States, employing 17,000 people and tracing its origins to Thomas Edison's work on lighting.	GE Lighting	East Cleveland
headquarters location	Euronext NV is a European stock exchange seated in Amsterdam, Brussels, London, Lisbon and Paris.	Euronext	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Böttcher America is headquartered in Belcamp, Maryland United States and employs over 200 employees.	Böttcher America	Maryland
headquarters location	TrønderEnergi is a power company based in the municipality Trondheim, Norway that operates hydroelectric power plants and wind farms, as well as the power grid in parts of the county Sør-Trøndelag.	TrønderEnergi	Trondheim
headquarters location	CN Marine was a Canadian ferry company headquartered in Moncton, New Brunswick.	CN Marine	Moncton
headquarters location	Kashmir Crown Bakeries (KCB) is a food making business based in Bradford.	Kashmir Crown Bakeries	Bradford
headquarters location	Xaar plc is a company supplying industrial inkjet printheads and is based in Cambridge.	Xaar plc	Cambridge
headquarters location	The Melbourne Steam Traction Engine Club was established in Melbourne over 45 years ago and is located at 1200 Ferntree Gully Rd Scoresby, Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Steam Traction Engine Club	Scoresby, Victoria
headquarters location	Berns Salonger is a restaurant and entertainment venue, in Berzelii Park, in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Berns Salonger	Stockholm
headquarters location	The Hotel2Tango (sometimes referred to as Thee Mighty Hotel2Tango and abbreviated H2T) is a 24-track analogue recording studio situated in the Mile End district of Montreal, Quebec.	Hotel2Tango	Montreal
headquarters location	Rupayatan is a residency school at Bhavnath, Junagadh in Gujarat, India.	Rupayatan	Bhavnath
headquarters location	Future Shorts is a short film label based in London.	Future Shorts	London
headquarters location	21st Amendment Brewery is a restaurant and brewery located in the South Park neighborhood of San Francisco, California, two blocks from AT&T Park.	21st Amendment Brewery	San Francisco
inception	Aarni was founded in 1998, in Finland, by Master Warjomaa (occasionally known as Mahatma M. Warjomaa).	Aarni	1998
instrument	Frederieke Saeijs is playing on a Pietro Guarneri violin (Venice, 1725), Ex-Reine Elisabeth, kindly lent to her by the Dutch National Music Instrument Foundation.	Frederieke Saeijs	violin
languages spoken or written	Jan Beyzym (15 May 1850, Volhynia -- 2 October 1912, Madagascar) was a Polish Jesuit priest who was beatified on 18 August 2002 by Pope John Paul II.	Jan Beyzym	Polish
languages spoken or written	Edward Blishen (29 April 1920 -- 13 December 1996) was an English author and broadcaster.	Edward Blishen	English
languages spoken or written	Robert Riviere (30 June 1808, London -- 12 April 1882, London) was an English bookbinder of Huguenot descent.	Robert Riviere	English
languages spoken or written	Meng Jiao (Chinese: 孟郊; Wade--Giles: Meng Chiao; 751--814) was a poet of the Tang Dynasty, in China.	Meng Jiao	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Thomas Hood (23 May 1799 -- 3 May 1845) was an English poet, author and humourist, best known for poems such as ``The Bridge of Sighs'' and ``The Song of the Shirt''.	Thomas Hood	English
languages spoken or written	Romain Mesnil (born 13 June 1977 in Le Plessis-Bouchard) is a retired, French pole vaulter.	Romain Mesnil	French
languages spoken or written	Giancarlo Sbragia (14 March 1926 -- 28 June 1994) is an Italian actor, voice actor, stage director and playwright.	Giancarlo Sbragia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Horst Tappert (26 May 1923 − 13 December 2008) was a German movie and television actor who played Inspector Stephan Derrick in the television drama Derrick.	Horst Tappert	German
languages spoken or written	Maria Pawlikowska-Jasnorzewska, née Kossak (24 November 1891 -- 9 July 1945), was a Polish poet known as the Polish Sappho and ``queen of lyrical poetry'' of Poland's interwar period.	Maria Pawlikowska-Jasnorzewska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Charles de Grimaldi-Régusse (1612-1687) was a French aristocrat, landowner and politician.	Charles de Grimaldi-Régusse	French
languages spoken or written	Muhammad Husayn Tabataba'i or Seyed Mohammad Hossein Tabataba'i (Persian: علامه سید محمد حسین طباطبائی‎‎, 16 March 1903 -- 7 November 1981) was one of the most prominent thinkers of philosophy and contemporary Shia Islam.	Muhammad Husayn Tabataba'i	Persian
languages spoken or written	Jules Basdevant (April 15, 1877 -- March 17, 1968 in Anost) was a French law professor.	Jules Basdevant	French
languages spoken or written	Rosellen Brown (born May 12, 1939) is an American author, and has been an instructor of English and creative writing at several universities, including the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and the University of Houston.	Rosellen Brown	English
languages spoken or written	Richard Neville Aldworth Neville (1717--1793), until 1762 Richard Neville Aldworth, was an English politician and diplomat.	Richard Neville Aldworth Neville	English
languages spoken or written	Thomas Haynes Bayly (13 October 1797 -- 22 April 1839) was an English poet, songwriter, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer.	Thomas Haynes Bayly	English
languages spoken or written	Antoni Lange (1863 -- 17 March 1929) was a Polish poet, philosopher, polyglot (15 languages), writer, novelist, science-writer, reporter and translator.	Antoni Lange	Polish
languages spoken or written	Charles Jean Jacques Joseph Ardant du Picq (19 October 1821 -- 18 August 1870) was a French Army officer and military theorist of the mid-nineteenth century whose writings, as they were later interpreted by other theorists, had a great effect on French military theory and doctrine.	Ardant du Picq	French
languages spoken or written	Auguste-Louis Bertin d'Antilly (1763--1804) was a French dramatist and journalist whose patriotic songs and topical libretti were prominent during the French Revolution, but who emigrated from France under Napoleon.	Auguste-Louis Bertin d'Antilly	French
languages spoken or written	Mariano Artigas (1938--2006) was a Spanish physicist, philosopher, and theologian.	Mariano Artigas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rony Brauman, born June 19, 1950, in Jerusalem, is a French physician specializing in tropical diseases.	Rony Brauman	French
languages spoken or written	Luis Galiana y Cervera (8 June 1740 -- 1771) was a Spanish Dominican theologian, philologist and writer.	Luis Galiana y Cervera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Carl August Friedrich Mahn (September 9, 1802 -- January 27, 1887) was a German philologist and language teacher and researcher.	Carl August Friedrich Mahn	German
languages spoken or written	Susy Delgado (born 20 December 1949) is a Paraguayan poet in Spanish and Guarani.	Susy Delgado	Spanish	Guarani
languages spoken or written	José Sanchis Sinisterra (born June 28, 1940) is a Spanish playwright and theatre director.	José Sanchis Sinisterra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aurel Rău (born 7 November 1930 in Bistriţa-Năsăud County) is a Romanian poet, novelist, translator and essayist.	Aurel Rău	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Alfred Schnittke (Russian: Альфре́д Га́рриевич Шни́тке, Alfred Garrievič Šnitke; November 24, 1934 -- August 3, 1998) was a Soviet and Russian composer.	Alfred Schnittke	Russian
languages spoken or written	Carlo Cassola (17 March 1917 -- 29 January 1987) was an influential Italian novelist and essayist.	Carlo Cassola	Italian
languages spoken or written	Amico Aspertini (c. 1474 -- 1552), also called Amerigo Aspertini, is an Italian Renaissance painter whose complex, eccentric, and eclectic style anticipates Mannerism.	Amico Aspertini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Avram Iancu (Romanian pronunciation: (aˈvram ˈjaŋku); 1824 -- September 10, 1872) was a Transylvanian Romanian lawyer who played an important role in the local chapter of the Austrian Empire Revolutions of 1848--1849.	Avram Iancu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Luis García Berlanga Martí (born 12 June 1921 in Valencia, Spain; died 13 November 2010) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter.	Luis García Berlanga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Joseph Gaume (5 May 1802 -- 19 November 1879) was a French Roman Catholic theologian and author.	Jean-Joseph Gaume	French
languages spoken or written	Robert J. H. Morrison (born January 6 1961) is a Canadian author, editor, academic, and professor of English at Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario.	Robert J. H. Morrison	English
languages spoken or written	Vahan Terian (Armenian: Վահան Տերյան; January 28, 1885 -- January 7, 1920) was an Armenian poet, lyrist and public activist.	Vahan Terian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Abbas Zakour (Arabic: عباس زكور‎; Hebrew: עבאס זכור‎, born 30 December 1965) is an Israeli Arab politician and a former member of the Knesset for the United Arab List.	Abbas Zakour	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Shanthi Williams is an Indian actress who has played supporting roles in Tamil and Malayalam movies and serials.	Shanthi Williams	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Klaus Wiegand (born 16 August 1941) was a Major general in the East German People's Army.	Klaus Wiegand	German
languages spoken or written	Yuri Rost (Russian: Юрий Рост, born February 1, 1939 in Kiev, Ukraine) is a photographer, journalist, author and traveller.	Yuri Rost	Russian
languages spoken or written	Emanuel Swedenborg (/ˈswiːdənˌbɔːrɡ/; Swedish pronunciation ; born Emanuel Swedberg on 29 January 1688; died 29 March 1772) was a Swedish scientist, philosopher, theologian, revelator, and mystic.	Emanuel Swedenborg	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Luise Mühlbach was the pen name of Clara Mundt (1814 Neubrandenburg -- 1873), a German writer best known for her works of historical fiction which enjoyed a wide popularity that was short-lived.	Luise Mühlbach	German
languages spoken or written	Michel Tapié (Michel Tapié de Céleyran, 26 February 1909 -- 30 July 1987) was an internationally active French critic, curator, and collector of art. He was an early and influential theorist and practitioner of ``tachisme'', which is generally regarded as the European equivalent of abstract expressionism.	Michel Tapié	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Lachenal (17 July 1921 -- 25 November 1955), a French climber born in Annecy, Haute-Savoie, was one of the first two mountaineers to climb a summit of more than 8,000 meters.	Louis Lachenal	French
languages spoken or written	Anatole Jakovsky (13 August 1909 -- 24 September 1988) was a French art critic who wrote substantially, collected widely, and established a museum in Nice for Naïve art, Musée international d'Art naïf Anatole Jakovsky.	Anatole Jakovsky	French
languages spoken or written	Lord William Powlett (baptized 18 August 1666-- 25 September 1729) was an English MP.	Lord William Powlett	English
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Vuillemin (1812-1880) was a prominent 19th century French cartographer and editor based in Paris.	Alexandre Vuillemin	French
languages spoken or written	Shiva Kumar Rai (Nepali: शिव कुमार राई) is a Nepali writer and politician from Darjeeling, India.	Shiva Kumar Rai	Nepali
languages spoken or written	Manuel Sánchez Arcas (1897--1970) was a Spanish Modernist architect.	Manuel Sánchez Arcas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Michael Palme (born 1943 in Prague - died February 10, 2010 in Wiesbaden) was a German journalist with particular interest in sports.	Michael Palme	German
languages spoken or written	Louis René Étienne Tulasne, a.k.a. Edmond Tulasne (September 12, 1815 - December 22, 1885) was a French botanist and mycologist born in Azay-le-Rideau.	Edmond Tulasne	French
languages spoken or written	Pilar Rubio Fernández (born March 17, 1978) is a Spanish reporter and TV presenter.	Pilar Rubio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Shaun Whiteside (born 1959) is a Northern Irish translator of French, Dutch, German, and Italian literature.	Shaun Whiteside	German	Italian
languages spoken or written	Antoine Dauvergne (3 October 1713 -- 11 February 1797) was a French composer and violinist.	Antoine Dauvergne	French
languages spoken or written	Christiane Wilhelmine Sophie von Kühn (March 17, 1782 -- March 19, 1797) was the love interest and eventual fiancée of the German Romantic poet and philosopher Friedrich von Hardenberg, known to many simply as Novalis.	Sophie von Kühn	German
languages spoken or written	Sitor Situmorang (October 2, 1923 -- December 21, 2014) was an Indonesian poet, essayist and writer of short stories.	Sitor Situmorang	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Peter Nansen (20 January 1861 - 31 July 1918) was a Danish novelist, journalist, and publisher.	Peter Nansen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Rama Vij (Hindi: रमा विज, Punjabi: ਰਮਾ ਵਿਜ) is an Indian film actress who works in Hindi and Punjabi movies and TV serials.	Rama Vij	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Vincent Delerm (born 31 August 1976) is a French singer-songwriter, pianist and composer.	Vincent Delerm	French
languages spoken or written	Jules-Claude Ziegler (1804-1856) was a French painter, ceramicist and photographer of the French school.	Jules-Claude Ziegler	French
languages spoken or written	Duiliu Zamfirescu (30 October 1858 -- 3 June 1922) was a Romanian novelist, poet, short story writer, lawyer, nationalist politician, journalist, diplomat and memoirist.	Duiliu Zamfirescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Renaud Barbaras (born in 1955) is a French contemporary philosopher.	Renaud Barbaras	French
languages spoken or written	Vida Ognjenović (Serbian: Вида Огњеновић, pronounced (ʋǐːda oɡɲěːnoʋitɕ); born August 14, 1941 in Dubočke village, Nikšić municipality) is a famous Serbian theater director, playwright, writer, drama professor and diplomat.	Vida Ognjenović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Ana Alcaide (born 1976, Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish performer, composer and music producer who carries out research on ancient traditions and cultures.	Ana Alcaide	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francesco Ottavio Magnocavalli, also spelled Magnocavallo (1707--1789) was an Italian architect and writer.	Francesco Ottavio Magnocavalli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marie Losier (born in France) is a French filmmaker and curator who's worked in New York City for 20 years.	Marie Losier	French
languages spoken or written	André Almuró (1927--2009) was a French radio producer, composer and film director.	André Almuró	French
languages spoken or written	Yu Chi-hwan (1908--1967), also known by his pen name Cheongma, was a leading twentieth-century Korean poet.	Yu Chi-hwan	Korean
languages spoken or written	Manuel González-Hontoria y Fernández-Ladreda (31 January 1878 -- 26 October 1954) was a Spanish politician and diplomat who served two times as Minister of Estate during the reign of Alfonso XIII.	Manuel González-Hontoria y Fernández-Ladreda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aaron ben Joseph ha-Levi was a Spanish Talmudist and critic; a direct descendant of Zerahiah Ha-Levi, and probably, like him, a native of Girona, Spain; flourished at the end of the thirteenth century; died before 1303.	Aaron ben Joseph ha-Levi	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alain Guy (August 11, 1918 -- November 7, 1998) was a French philologist and hispanist.	Alain Guy	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Antoine Coysevox (29 September 1640 -- 10 October 1720), French sculptor, was born at Lyon, and belonged to a family which had emigrated from Franche-Comté, a Spanish possession at the time.	Antoine Coysevox	French
languages spoken or written	Lorenz Oken (1 August 1779 -- 11 August 1851) was a German naturalist, botanist, biologist, and ornithologist.	Lorenz Oken	German
languages spoken or written	Roger Lockyer (born 1928) is an English historian, professor, and writer.	Roger Lockyer	English
languages spoken or written	Dame Margaret Drabble, Lady Holroyd DBE FRSL (born 5 June 1939), is an English novelist, biographer and critic.	Margaret Drabble	English
languages spoken or written	Filippo Salvatore Gilii (Spanish: Felipe Salvator Gilij) (1721--1789) was an Italian Jesuit priest who lived in the Province of Venezuela (in present day central Venezuela) on the Orinoco River.	Filippo Salvatore Gilii	Italian
languages spoken or written	Princess Marie Bonaparte (2 July 1882 -- 21 September 1962) was a French author and psychoanalyst, closely linked with Sigmund Freud.	Princess Marie Bonaparte	French
languages spoken or written	Aleko Konstantinov (Bulgarian: Алеко Константинов) (1 January 1863 -- 11 May 1897)(NS: 13 January 1863 -- 23 May 1897) was a Bulgarian writer, best known for his character Bay Ganyo, one of the most popular characters in Bulgarian fiction.	Aleko Konstantinov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Jean Victor Marie Moreau (14 February 1763 -- 2 September 1813) was a French general who helped Napoleon Bonaparte to power, but later became a rival and was banished to the United States.	Jean Victor Marie Moreau	French
languages spoken or written	Milan Vidmar (22 June 1885 -- 9 October 1962) was a Slovene electrical engineer, chess player, chess theorist, philosopher, and writer.	Milan Vidmar	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Ėrnest Lʹvovich Radlov (1854-1928) was a Russian neo-Kantian philosopher and historian of philosophy, a friend and editor of Vladimir Solovyov.	Ėrnest Lʹvovich Radlov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Félix Ziem (February 26, 1821 -- November 10, 1911) was a French painter in the style of the Barbizon School.	Félix Ziem	French
languages spoken or written	Carlo Maria Giulini, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkarlo maˈriːa dʒuˈliːni); 9 May 1914 -- 14 June 2005) was an Italian conductor.	Carlo Maria Giulini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francesca Caccini (18 September 1587 -- after 1641) was an Italian composer, singer, lutenist, poet, and music teacher of the early Baroque era.	Francesca Caccini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Reem Bassiouney (Arabic: ريم بسيوني‎ Rīm Basyūnī; March 6, 1973) is an Egyptian author and professor of sociolinguistics, currently teaching at The American University in Cairo.	Reem Bassiouney	Arabic
languages spoken or written	George Hardinge (1743--1816) was an English judge, writer and Member of Parliament.	George Hardinge	English
languages spoken or written	Karel Poláček (22 March 1892 -- 21 January 1945) was a Czech writer, humorist and journalist of Jewish descent.	Karel Poláček	Czech
languages spoken or written	Miguel Pacheco (born 5 September 1931) is a Spanish former racing cyclist.	Miguel Pacheco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Berthe Weill (Paris 1865 -- 1951) was a French art dealer who played a vital role in the creation of the market for twentieth-century art with the manifestation of the Parisian Avant-Garde.	Berthe Weill	French
languages spoken or written	Frank Calvert (1828--1908) was an English expatriate who was a consular official in the eastern Mediterranean region and an amateur archaeologist.	Frank Calvert	English
languages spoken or written	James Krüss (31 May 1926 -- 2 August 1997) was a German writer of children's and picture books, illustrator, poet, dramatist, scriptwriter, translator, and collector of children's poems and folk songs.	James Krüss	German
languages spoken or written	Jacinto Esteva Grewe (Barcelona, Spain, 1936 - Barcelona, Spain, September 9, 1985) was a Spanish film director one of the founders of the Barcelona School of Film..	Jacinto Esteva Grew	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rafa Villar (Cee, Galicia, 1968 - ) is a Galician writer noted especially in the field of poetry.	Rafa Villar	Galician
languages spoken or written	Philippe Petit (French pronunciation: ​(filip pəti); born 13 August 1949) is a French high-wire artist who gained fame for his high-wire walk between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York City, on the morning of August 7, 1974.	Philippe Petit	French
languages spoken or written	Christine Westermann (born 2 December 1948 in Erfurt) is a German television and radio host, journalist and author.	Christine Westermann	German
languages spoken or written	Sir George Toulmin (17 March 1857 -- 21 January 1923) was an English journalist, newspaper proprietor and Liberal Party politician.	George Toulmin	English
languages spoken or written	Dmitri Baltermants (Russian: Дмитрий Николаевич Бальтерманц, May 13, 1912 -- 1990) was a prominent Soviet photojournalist.	Dmitri Baltermants	Russian
languages spoken or written	Łukasz Orbitowski (born 1977) is a Polish essayist and fantasy and horror writer.	Łukasz Orbitowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jesper Ewald (24 December 1893 in Vordingborg -- 30 August 1969 in Copenhagen) was a Danish author, journalist and translator.	Jesper Ewald	Danish
languages spoken or written	Ardengo Soffici (April 7, 1879 -- August 12, 1964), was an Italian writer, painter, poet, sculptor and intellectual.	Ardengo Soffici	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joaquim Vayreda i Vila (born 1843 in Girona, Spain; died 1894 in Olot, Spain) was a Spanish painter.	Joaquim Vayreda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Eduard Jacob (7 October 1889 -- 25 October 1967) was a German and American journalist and author.	Heinrich Eduard Jacob	German
languages spoken or written	Zareh Mutafian (Armenian: Զարեհ Մութաֆյան; March 15, 1907 - May 11, 1980) was a French-Armenian painter.	Zareh Mutafian	Armenian	French
languages spoken or written	Pierdomenico Baccalario (born 6 March 1974) is an Italian author of young adult fiction, best known for his Ulysses Moore series.	Pierdomenico Baccalario	Italian
languages spoken or written	Manu Katché (born 27 October 1958, in Saint-Maur-des-Fossés) is a French musician of Ivorian origin.	Manu Katché	French
languages spoken or written	Aleksis Kivi ( pronunciation ), born Alexis Stenvall, (10 October 1834 -- 31 December 1872) was a Finnish author who wrote the first significant novel in the Finnish language, Seven Brothers (Finnish title: Seitsemän veljestä).	Aleksis Kivi	Finnish
languages spoken or written	André Hornez (12 May 1905 -- 9 March 1989) was a French lyricist and screenwriter.	André Hornez	French
languages spoken or written	Günter Kochan (2 October 1930 -- 22 February 2009) was a German classical composer.	Günter Kochan	German
languages spoken or written	Alfred Landé (13 December 1888--30 October 1976) was a German-American physicist known for his contributions to quantum theory.	Alfred Landé	German
languages spoken or written	Margaret Harvey (1768--1858) was an English poet and scholar from Newcastle, England.	Margaret Harvey	English
languages spoken or written	Francis Wurtz (born 3 January 1948 in Strasbourg) was a French Member of the European Parliament from 1979 until 2009.	Francis Wurtz	French
languages spoken or written	Francesco Bonatelli (1830-1911) was a 19th-century Italian philosopher of the Roman Catholic spiritualist tradition.	Francesco Bonatelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Tudor Vianu (Romanian: (ˈtudor viˈanu); January 8, 1898 -- May 21, 1964) was a Romanian literary critic, art critic, poet, philosopher, academic, and translator.	Tudor Vianu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Between 2006 and 2013, Jérôme Sans was also the Global Cultural Curator for Le Méridien Hotels & Resorts ; and, in 2012, he created the French cultural magazine L’Officiel Art as creative director and editor-in-chief.	Jérôme Sans	French
languages spoken or written	Ramesh Deo (born 30 Jan 1929) is an Indian film and television actor who has worked in more than 285 Hindi Films, 190 Marathi Films, 30 Marathi Dramas with over 200 shows in his long career.	Ramesh Deo	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Claud Lovat Fraser (15 May 1890 London -- 18 June 1921, Dymchurch) was an English artist, designer and author.	Claud Lovat Fraser	English
languages spoken or written	Elsebeth Egholm (born 17 September 1960) is a Danish journalist and best-selling author who writes mainly crime fiction novels.	Elsebeth Egholm	Danish
languages spoken or written	John Jenyns (c. 1660 -- 1717), of Hayes and Bedford Row, St Andrew Holborn, Middlesex, was an English politician.	John Jenyns	English
languages spoken or written	Géza Ottlik (9 May 1912 -- 9 October 1990) was a Hungarian writer, translator, mathematician, and bridge theorist.	Géza Ottlik	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Maurice Hauriou (17 August 1856 -- 12 March 1929) was a French jurist and sociologist whose writings shaped French administrative law in the late 19th and early 20th century.	Maurice Hauriou	French
languages spoken or written	Antonin Gadal (1877--1962) was a French mystic and historian who dedicated his life to study of the Cathars in the south of France, their spirituality, beliefs and ideology.	Antonin Gadal	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Jendretzky (July 20, 1897 in Berlin -- July 2, 1992 in Berlin) was a German communist politician.	Hans Jendretzky	German
languages spoken or written	Peeter Sauter (born March 11, 1962 in Tallinn) is an Estonian author.	Peeter Sauter	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Frederic Leighton, 1st Baron Leighton PRA (3 December 1830 -- 25 January 1896), known as Sir Frederic Leighton between 1878 and 1896, was an English painter and sculptor.	Frederic Leighton	English
languages spoken or written	Anton Torello (Spanish: Antoni Torelló i Ros, 30 June 1884, Sant Sadurní d'Anoia -- 1960, Los Angeles) was a Catalan double bass player.	Anton Torello	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Richard Hathwaye (fl. 1597 - 1603), was an English dramatist.	Richard Hathwaye	English
languages spoken or written	Clement Walker (died 1651) was an English lawyer, official and politician.	Clement Walker	English
languages spoken or written	Dimcho Debelyanov (Bulgarian: Димчо Дебелянов) (28 March 1887 -- 2 October 1916) was a Bulgarian poet and author whose death in the First World War cut off his promising literary career.	Dimcho Debelyanov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Wiera Gran, real name Dwojra Grynberg (20 April 1916 -- 19 November 2007) was a Polish singer and actress.	Wiera Gran	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot (French: (ʒɑ̃ ba.tist ka.mij kɔ.ʁo); July 16, 1796 -- February 22, 1875) was a French landscape and portrait painter as well as a printmaker in etching.	Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot	French
languages spoken or written	André Aymard (14 May 1900, Saint-Denis, Seine-Saint-Denis -- 11 August 1964, Oradour-sur-Glane, Haute-Vienne) was a French historian, specialising in Ancient Greece, particularly the Hellenistic period.	André Aymard	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Heinrich von Mädler (May 29, 1794, Berlin -- March 14, 1874, Hannover) was a German astronomer.	Johann Heinrich von Mädler	German
languages spoken or written	Christian Alvart (born May 28, 1974 in Jugenheim) is a German filmmaker and screenwriter.	Christian Alvart	German
languages spoken or written	K. L. Mohana Varma (born 1936) is a Malayalam--language novelist, short story writer and journalist from Kerala state, South India.	K. L. Mohana Varma	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Tom George Kolath better known as Tom George, is a film producer, director, actor and scriptwriter in the Malayalam Film Industry.	Tom George Kolath	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Syed Abul Maksud (Bengali: সৈয়দ আবুল মকসুদ; born October 23, 1946) is a Bangladeshi journalist, columnist, research scholar, essayist, and writer.	Syed Abul Maksud	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Jérôme de Gonnelieu (born at Soissons, 8 September 1640; died at Paris, 28 February 1715) was a French Jesuit theologian, ascetical writer, and preacher.	Jérôme de Gonnelieu	French
languages spoken or written	Yves-Thibault de Silguy (born 22 July 1948) is a French and European politician, born in Rennes, France.	Yves-Thibault de Silguy	French
languages spoken or written	Anne Curzan earned a B.A. in Linguistics from Yale University (summa cum laude) and an M.A. and a Ph.D. in English Language and Literature from the University of Michigan.	Anne Curzan	English
languages spoken or written	Isabella Santacroce (born April 30, 1970 in Riccione) is an Italian novelist.	Isabella Santacroce	Italian
languages spoken or written	Armande de Polignac, Comtesse de Chabannes-La Palice (Marie Armande Mathilde; 8 January 1876 -- 29 April 1962) was a French composer, the niece of Prince Edmond de Polignac and Princess Winnaretta de Polignac, the patron of Ravel, Stravinsky and Milhaud.	Armande de Polignac	French
languages spoken or written	Florence Quentin (5 September 1946) is a French César Award winning director and screenwriter.	Florence Quentin	French
languages spoken or written	Ioan Mirea (1912-1987) was a Romanian painter and graphic artist, member of the Iron Guard.	Ioan Mirea	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Fischbach (1839 Aachen - 1908) was a German textile designer.	Friedrich Fischbach	German
languages spoken or written	Gaetano Filangieri (22 August 1752 -- 21 July 1788) was an Italian jurist and philosopher.	Gaetano Filangieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ingo Petzke (born 18 September 1947 in Belm near Osnabrück in Germany) is an internationally acknowledged German film scholar, filmmaker and author.	Ingo Petzke	German
languages spoken or written	Octav Onicescu (Romanian pronunciation: (okˈtav oniˈt͡ʃesku); August 20, 1892 -- August 19, 1983) was a Romanian mathematician, member of the Romanian Academy, and founder of the Romanian school of probability theory and statistics.	Octav Onicescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Encarna Sant-Celoni i Verger (Tavernes de la Valldigna, La Safor, 1959) is a Valencian narrative writer, poet and translator.	Encarna Sant-Celoni i Verger	Valencian
languages spoken or written	Edme Hippolyte Marié-Davy (28 April 1820 -- 26 July 1893) was a French chemist and inventor of the 19th century.	Hippolyte Marié-Davy	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Fouroux (24 July 1947 -- 17 December 2005) was a French rugby union player and coach.	Jacques Fouroux	French
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Schmolck (21 December 1672 -- 12 February 1737) was a German Lutheran composer of hymns.	Benjamin Schmolck	German
languages spoken or written	Francisco de Artiga, a celebrated Spanish landscape and historical painter, was born at Huesca, about 1650.	Francisco de Artiga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jordi Soler i Galí (born 7 June 1949), known by the stage name Toti Soler, is a Spanish guitarist, singer and composer, one of the most important figures of contemporary music in Catalonia.	Toti Soler	Spanish
languages spoken or written	François Feuardent (1539 -- 1 January 1610) was a French Franciscan theologian, and preacher of the Ligue.	François Feuardent	French
languages spoken or written	Prakash Karat (Malayalam: പ്രകാശ് കാരാട്ട് ) (born 7 February 1948) is an Indian communist politician.	Prakash Karat	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Carlo Emilio Gadda (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkarlo eˈmiljo ˈɡadda); November 14, 1893 -- May 21, 1973) was an Italian writer and poet.	Carlo Emilio Gadda	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hermann Alexander Diels (German: (diːls); May 18, 1848 -- June 4, 1922) was a German classical scholar.	Hermann Alexander Diels	German
languages spoken or written	Vicente de Azcuénaga Iturbe (January 1706--1787) was a Spanish-born Argentine businessman and politician.	Vicente de Azcuénaga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kundara Johny is an Indian actor in Malayalam cinema.	Kundara Johny	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	In addition to writing novels, Tõnu Õnnepalu has translated works into Estonian from the French language by such authors as François Mauriac, Charles Baudelaire and Marcel Proust and has written for such English language publications as the Poetry Society.	Tõnu Õnnepalu	French
languages spoken or written	Pepe Rubio (September 10, 1931 -- March 15, 2012) was a Spanish actor, known for comedies, whose professional career began in 1953 with theater.	Pepe Rubio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	(George) Graham Woodwark CBE (1 July 1874 -- 26 December 1938) was an English Liberal politician.	Graham Woodwark	English
languages spoken or written	Achille Marie Gaston Floquet (15 December 1847, Épinal -- 7 October 1920, Nancy) was a French mathematician, best known for his work in mathematical analysis, especially in theory of differential equations.	Gaston Floquet	French
languages spoken or written	Joseph-Alexander Martigny (born at Sauverny, Ain, in 1808; died at Belley, 19 August 1880) was a French archaeologist and Canon of Belley.	Joseph-Alexander Martigny	French
languages spoken or written	Martin Petzoldt (13 April 1946 -- 13 March 2015) was a German Lutheran theologian, Bach scholar and academic teacher.	Martin Petzoldt	German
languages spoken or written	Luca Giordano (18 October 1634 -- 12 January 1705) was an Italian late Baroque painter and printmaker in etching.	Luca Giordano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Prince Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski aka ``Mirobulius Tassalinus'' (1642--1702) was a Polish noble, politician, patron of the arts and writer.	Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Heinz Haber (May 15, 1913 -- February 13, 1990) was a German physicist and science writer who primarily became famous for his TV programs and books about physics and environmental subjects.	Heinz Haber	German
languages spoken or written	David William Mitchell (4 August 1813 -- 1 November 1859) was an English zoologist and illustrator.	David William Mitchell	English
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Bertolotti (born in 1960) is an Italian writer and photographer.	Alessandro Bertolotti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Petar Preradović (19 March 1818 -- 18 August 1872) was a Croatian poet, writer, and military general in the Austro-Hungarian Army.	Petar Preradović	Croatian
languages spoken or written	John Howard, 1st Duke of Norfolk (c.1425 -- 22 August 1485), KG, Earl Marshal, was an English nobleman and soldier, and the first Howard Duke of Norfolk.	John Howard, 1st Duke of Norfolk	English
languages spoken or written	Blaže Ristovski (born in the village Garnikovo, Kavadarci, Macedonia on March 21, 1931) is Macedonian linguist, folklorist and historian.	Blaže Ristovski	Macedonian
languages spoken or written	Hein Kötz (born 14 November 1935) is a German jurist, former Director of the Max-Planck-Institute for foreign and international private law (MPI-PRIV), the Bucerius Law School and Vice President of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG).	Hein Kötz	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio Álvarez Alonso (11 March 1867 - 22 June 1903) was a Spanish pianist and composer.	Antonio Álvarez Alonso	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pasupathy (Tamil: பசுபதி; born 18 May 1969) is an Indian film actor.	Pasupathy	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Francesco Gasparini (19 March 1661 -- 22 March 1727) was an Italian Baroque composer and teacher whose works were performed throughout Italy, and also on occasion in Germany and England.	Francesco Gasparini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Vicente Emparán (Spanish pronunciation: (biˈθente empaˈɾan), or sometimes Emparan (emˈpaɾan); 1747 -- 3 October 1842) was a Spanish Basque Captain General.	Vicente Emparán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Marius Mircu (June 9, 1909--September 2008) was a Romanian journalist and memoirist.	Marius Mircu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Eugenio Vegas Latapie (1907--1985) was a Spanish monarchist writer, activist and conspirator who was noted for the extremism of his monarchist beliefs.	Eugenio Vegas Latapie	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Félix Savart (French: (savaʁ); 30 June 1791 -- 16 March 1841) was a physicist who is primarily known for the Biot--	Félix Savart	French
languages spoken or written	Shifra Horn (Hebrew: שפרה הורן ‎) (born 1951) is an Israeli author.	Shifra Horn	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Leoš Janáček (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɛoʃ ˈjanaːt͡ʃɛk), baptised Leo Eugen Janáček; 3 July 1854 -- 12 August 1928) was a Czech composer, musical theorist, folklorist, publicist and teacher.	Leoš Janáček	Czech
languages spoken or written	Gajala is an Indian film actress, who has appeared in Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu films.	Gajala	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	John Harrison (3 April (O.S. 24 March) 1693-- 24 March 1776) was a self-educated English carpenter and clockmaker who invented the marine chronometer, a long-sought after device for solving the problem of calculating longitude while at sea.	John Harrison	English
languages spoken or written	Conchita Montes (13 March 1914 -- 18 October 1994) was a Spanish film actress.	Conchita Montes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Károly Pap (September 24, 1897 -- January 31, 1945) was a Jewish-Hungarian writer.	Károly Pap	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Xabier Lete Bergaretxe (Oiartzun, Gipuzkoa, April 5, 1944 - Donostia, December 4, 2010) was a Basque writer, poet, singer and politician.	Xabier Lete	Basque
languages spoken or written	François Béranger (1937, Amilly, Loiret -- 2003) was a French singer.	François Béranger	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste-Joseph Gobel (1 September 1727 -- 12 April 1794) was a French Roman Catholic cleric and politician of the Revolution.	Jean-Baptiste-Joseph Gobel	French
languages spoken or written	Francesco Maria Richini (also spelled Ricchini) (9 February 1584 -- 24 April 1658) was an Italian Baroque architect.	Francesco Maria Richini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Trần Văn Khê (24 July 1921 - 24 June 2015) was a Vietnamese musicologist, academic, writer, teacher and performer of traditional music.	Trần Văn Khê	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Count Edward Bernard Raczyński (December 19, 1891 -- July 30, 1993) was a Polish diplomat, writer, politician and President of Poland in exile (between 1979 and 1986).	Edward Bernard Raczyński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Giulia Niccolai (born 1934) is an Italian photographer, poet, novelist and translator.	Giulia Niccolai	Italian
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Koenen (April 7, 1886 -- October 19, 1963) was a communist and an East German politician.	Wilhelm Koenen	German
languages spoken or written	Sebastian Petrycy of Pilzno (1554--1626) was a Polish philosopher and physician.	Sebastian Petrycy	Polish
languages spoken or written	Philippe Tailliez (French: (tɑje); 15 June 1905, Malo-les-Bains -- 26 September 2002, Toulon, France) was a friend and colleague of Jacques Cousteau.	Philippe Tailliez	French
languages spoken or written	Francisco Alejandro Gattorno Sánchez (Spanish pronunciation: (fɾanˈsisko ɣaˈtorno); born October 12, 1964), better known in the show business world plainly as Francisco Gattorno, is a Cuban-Mexican actor.	Francisco Gattorno	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Natale Conti or Latin Natalis Comes, also Natalis de Comitibus and French Noël le Comte (1520--1582) was an Italian mythographer, poet, humanist and historian.	Natalis Comes	Latin
languages spoken or written	Lee Garim (Hangul: 이가림; born 1943) is a South Korean writer.	Lee Garim	Korean
languages spoken or written	Bartolomé de Torres Naharro (c. 1485, Torre de Miguel Sesmero, Extremadura -- c. 1530) was a Spanish dramatist and Leonese language writer of Jewish converso descent.	Bartolomé de Torres Naharro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Helene Christaller ((ˈkʁɪstalɐ), née Heyer: 31 January 1872, in Darmstadt -- 24 May 1953, in Jugenheim/Bergstraße) was a German Protestant writer mostly of youth books, especially for girls.	Helene Christaller	German
languages spoken or written	Eugenia Rico is a Spanish novelist, poet and journalist.	Eugenia Rico	Spanish
languages spoken or written	The Liber Memorialis is an ancient book in Latin featuring an extremely concise summary--a kind of index--of universal history from earliest times to the reign of Trajan.	Liber Memorialis	Latin
languages spoken or written	Aldo Andreotti (15 March 1924 -- 21 February 1980) was an Italian mathematician who worked on algebraic geometry, on the theory of functions of several complex variables and on partial differential operators.	Aldo Andreotti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Anna Proclemer, sometimes credited Anna Vivaldi (30 May 1923 -- 25 April 2013), was an Italian stage, film and television actress and voice actress.	Anna Proclemer	Italian
languages spoken or written	George Bryant Britton (1863 -- 11 July 1929) was an English boot and shoe manufacturer and Liberal Party Member of Parliament.	George Bryant Britton	English
languages spoken or written	Fra Serafino Razzi (Marradi 1531 - Florence 1613), was an Italian Dominican monk who in 1563 published a large collection of carnival songs in the lauda (song) genre.	Serafino Razzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Belin de Fontenay I (1653--1715), also called ``Jean-Baptiste Belin the Elder'', was a French painter who specialized in flowers.	Jean-Baptiste Belin	French
languages spoken or written	Moshe Vilenski (Hebrew: משה וילנסקי‎, also, ``Vilensky'' and ``Wilensky''; April 17, 1910 -- January 2, 1997) was a Polish-Israeli composer, lyricist, and pianist.	Moshe Vilenski	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Petar Omčikus (French: Pierre Omcikous; Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Омчикус), Sušak, October 6, 1926) is a Serbian painter and member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts, who lives and works in Paris, France.	Petar Omčikus	French
languages spoken or written	Céleste Boursier-Mougenot (born 1961, Nice, France) is a modern French artist.	Céleste Boursier-Mougenot	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Rousseau (6 April 1671 -- 17 March 1741) was a French dramatist and poet, particularly noted for his short cynical epigrams.	Jean-Baptiste Rousseau	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Cail (1804--1871) was a French entrepreneur and industrialist who was a key figure in French industrialization.	Jean-François Cail	French
languages spoken or written	Máire Mullarney (1 September 1921 -- 18 August 2008) was an Irish environmentalist, educationalist and Esperanto advocate.	Máire Mullarney	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Diego Núñez de Avendaño was the son of the prominent Spanish jurist and author Pedro Núñez de Avendaño.	Diego Núñez de Avendaño	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Albert Laprade (29 November 1883 - 9 May 1978) was a French architect, perhaps best known for the Palais de la Porte Dorée.	Albert Laprade	French
languages spoken or written	Georges de Feure (real name Georges Joseph van Sluijters, 6 September 1868 -- 26 November 1943) was a French painter, theatrical designer, and industrial art designer in the symbolism and Art Nouveau styles.	Georges de Feure	French
languages spoken or written	Elvira Lindo (born 23 January 1962 in Cádiz, Spain) is a Spanish journalist and writer.	Elvira Lindo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	James Laver, CBE, FRSA (14 March 1899 -- 3 June 1975) was an English author, critic, art historian, and museum curator who acted as Keeper of Prints, Drawings and Paintings for the Victoria and Albert Museum between 1938 and 1959.	James Laver	English
languages spoken or written	Éric Charden (born Jacques Puissant; 15 October 1942 -- 29 April 2012) was a French singer and songwriter, most famous for his collaboration with Annie Gautrat alias Stone with whom he formed Stone et Charden.	Éric Charden	French
languages spoken or written	Tell Aristide Frédéric Antoine Chapel (July 1, 1849 - August 11, 1932) was a French General during World War I.	Tell Aristide Frédéric Antoine Chapel	French
languages spoken or written	Christopher Wormell (born 1955) is an English print-maker, principally known for his illustrated books.	Christopher Wormell	English
languages spoken or written	Francisco Ribera (1537--1591) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian, identified with the Futurist Christian eschatological view.	Francisco Ribera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maciej Stryjkowski (also referred to as Strykowski and Strycovius; ca. 1547 -- ca. 1593) was a Polish historian, writer and a poet, notable as the author of Chronicle of Poland, Lithuania, Samogitia and all of Ruthenia (1582).	Maciej Stryjkowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Benkowitz (2 June 1923 -- 29 June 1955) was a school teacher and a resistance activist against the one party dictatorship of the German Democratic Republic.	Gerhard Benkowitz	German
languages spoken or written	Andrea Bajani (born August 16, 1975 in Rome) is an Italian writer and journalist .	Andrea Bajani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joseph Philippe de Clairville (1742--July 31, 1830) was a notable French botanist and entomologist, who was mainly active in Switzerland.	Joseph Philippe de Clairville	French
languages spoken or written	James Essinger (born 5 September 1957) is a freelance writer and British author of numerous financial and business management books, but may be best known for his book about the evolution of English language and spelling, Spellbound:	James Essinger	English
languages spoken or written	Jacques de Guyse (Latin: Iacobus de Guisia) (1334−1399) was a Franciscan monk and historian of the late 14th century.	Jacques de Guyse	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jaume Plensa (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʒawmə ˈpɫɛnsə); born 1955) is a Spanish artist and sculptor.	Jaume Plensa	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tommaso Bisagno (5 April 1935 -- 18 January 2014) was an Italian academic and politician.	Tommaso Bisagno	Italian
languages spoken or written	Serge Delaive (born 1965 in Liège, Belgium) is a poet and novelist writing in the French language.	Serge Delaive	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Burgos Belinchón (born 1943 in Seville, Spain) is a Spanish traditionalist-conservative journalist, novelist, and multi-media writer.	Antonio Burgos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Furtwängler (January 25, 1886 -- November 30, 1954) was a German conductor and composer.	Wilhelm Furtwängler	German
languages spoken or written	Roberto Calasso (born 30 May 1941 in Florence) is an Italian writer and publisher.	Roberto Calasso	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sharankumar Limbale (Marathi: शरणकुमार लिंबाळे) (born - June 1, 1956) is a Marathi language author, poet and literary critic.	Sharankumar Limbale	Marathi
languages spoken or written	Mustafa Imamović (born 1941 in Gradačac) is a Bosnian historian of state and law.	Mustafa Imamović	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	Diego Medrano Fernández (Oviedo, Spain, 1978) is a Spanish poet, narrator and regular columnist of Asturian newspaper El Comercio.	Diego Medrano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maria Petre (born August 15, 1951) is a Romanian politician and economist, member of the Democratic Party (PD), part of the European People's Party--	Maria Petre	Romanian
languages spoken or written	P. K. Venukuttan Nair (1931 -- 26 November 2012) was an Indian theatre personality and Malayalam film actor.	P. K. Venukuttan Nair	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Muddu Babu Shetty (1938--23 January 1982), aka M. B. Shetty or Shetty, was an Indian stuntman and action choreographer cum actor in 1970s Hindi cinema.	M. B. Shetty	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Ingo Niermann (born 1969, Bielefeld, Germany) is a German novelist, writer, and artist.	Ingo Niermann	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste du Casse (August 2, 1646 -- June 25, 1715) was a French buccaneer, admiral, and colonial administrator who served throughout the Atlantic World during the 17th and 18th centuries.	Jean-Baptiste du Casse	French
languages spoken or written	Gérard Manset (also known as Manset; born 21 August 1945 in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French singer-songwriter, painter, photographer and writer.	Gérard Manset	French
languages spoken or written	Heinz-Günther Nesselrath (9 November 1957 in Jülich) is a German philologist.	Heinz-Günther Nesselrath	German
languages spoken or written	Roberto Lago Soto (Spanish pronunciation: (ro'βerto 'laɣo 'soto); born 30 August 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Getafe CF as a left back.	Roberto Lago	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joachim Latacz (born 4 April 1934) is a German classical philologist.	Joachim Latacz	German
languages spoken or written	Dan Petrașincu (born Angelo Moretta, 2 June 1910 -- 1997) was an Italian-Romanian anthropologist, writer and translator.	Dan Petrașincu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Franco Sacchetti (Italian pronunciation: (ˈfraŋko sakˈketti); c. 1335 -- c. 1400), was an Italian poet and novelist.	Franco Sacchetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Monika Treut (born April 6, 1954 in Mönchengladbach, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) is a German lesbian filmmaker.	Monika Treut	German
languages spoken or written	Lin Shaohua (simplified Chinese: 林少华; traditional Chinese: 林少華; pinyin: Lín Shàohuá; born 1952) is a Chinese translator and author.	Lin Shaohua	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Billy Collins attended Archbishop Stepinac High School in White Plains and received a B.A. in English from the College of the Holy Cross in 1963; he received his M.A. and Ph.D in Romantic Poetry from the University of California, Riverside.	Billy Collins	English
languages spoken or written	Moolchand was a prolific character actor in Hindi and Panjabi cinema who was active from 1950 to his death in the late-1980s.	Moolchand	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Gervase Phinn (born 27 December 1946, Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England) is an English author and educator.	Gervase Phinn	English
languages spoken or written	Jacques Mesrine (French pronunciation: ​(mesʁin); 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979) was a French criminal.	Jacques Mesrine	French
languages spoken or written	Sébastien Chabal, born 8 December 1977 in Valence, Drôme, is a retired French rugby union player.	Sébastien Chabal	French
languages spoken or written	Xu Zhimo (Chinese: 徐志摩; pinyin: Xú Zhìmó; Wade--Giles: Hsü Chih-mo, January 15, 1897 -- November 19, 1931) was an early 20th-century Chinese poet.	Xu Zhimo	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Clément Juglar (15 October 1819 -- 28 February 1905) was a French doctor and statistician.	Clément Juglar	French
languages spoken or written	Maja Classen (born December 28, 1974 in Heidelberg) is a German film director and screenwriter, primarily known for her 2006 documentary on the Berlin techno scene, Feiern.	Maja Classen	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques-Philippe Le Bas or Lebas (8 July 1707 - 14 April 1783) was a French engraver.	Jacques-Philippe Le Bas	French
languages spoken or written	Birgit Hein (born August 6, 1942) is a German film director, producer and screenwriter who has made experimental films with her husband Wilhelm Hein since the 1960s.	Birgit Hein	German
languages spoken or written	Joseph Bonnet (17 March 1884 -- 2 August 1944) was a French composer and organist.	Joseph Bonnet	French
languages spoken or written	Heinz Berggruen (6 January 1914 -- 23 February 2007) was a German art dealer and collector who sold 165 works of art to the German federal government to form the core of the Berggruen Museum in Berlin, Germany.	Heinz Berggruen	German
languages spoken or written	Marc-Théodore Bourrit came of a family which was of French origin but had taken refuge at Geneva for reasons connected with religion.	Marc-Théodore Bourrit	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Lalo (24 February 1877 -- 1 April 1953) was a French writer on aesthetics.	Charles Lalo	French
languages spoken or written	Lara Comi (born 18 February 1983) is an Italian Member of European Parliament.	Lara Comi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pepe Moreno (born 1959, given name: Saturnino) is a Spanish comic book artist, writer and video game developer who has been drawing professionally in Spain, other countries in Europe and in the US since the 1970s.	Pepe Moreno	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Oeser (13 November 1858 - 3 June 1926) was a German journalist and liberal politician.	Rudolf Oeser	German
languages spoken or written	Bidia Dandaron (Vidyadhara, Russian: Бидия Дандарович Дандарон) (December 28, 1914, Soorkhoi, Kizhinga, Buryatia -- October 26, 1974, Vydrino, Buryatia) was a major Buddhist author and teacher in the USSR.	Bidia Dandaron	Russian
languages spoken or written	Carlos Fradique Mendes is a fictional Portuguese adventurer.	Fradique Mendes	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Étienne Balibar (born 23 April 1942) is a French philosopher and a Distinguished Professor of French & Italian and Comparative Literature at the University of California Irvine.	Étienne Balibar	French
languages spoken or written	Peter Angermann (born 1945 in Rehau, Bavaria) is a German painter based in Nuremberg.	Peter Angermann	German
languages spoken or written	Eija-Riitta Korhola (née Nieminen, born on 15 June 1959 in Lahti) is a Finnish politician and former Member of the European Parliament.	Eija-Riitta Korhola	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Frederick William Beechey (17 February 1796 -- 29 November 1856) was an English naval officer and geographer.	Frederick William Beechey	English
languages spoken or written	Fabrizio Gatti (born 9 March 1966) is an Italian investigative journalist and author.	Fabrizio Gatti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fabio Volo, pseudonym of Fabio Bonetti, (born 23 June 1972) is an Italian writer, actor, voice acting, radio and television presenter and screenwriter.	Fabio Volo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henry Hoare II (1705--1785), known as Henry the Magnificent, was an English banker and garden owner-designer.	Henry Hoare	English
languages spoken or written	Ferenc Erkel (Hungarian: Erkel Ferenc Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɛrkɛl ˈfɛrɛnt͡s), German: Franz Erkel; November 7, 1810 -- June 15, 1893) was a Hungarian composer, conductor and pianist.	Ferenc Erkel	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Valéry Mayet (2 January 1839, Lyon -- 1909) was a French entomologist.	Valéry Mayet	French
languages spoken or written	Alonso Miguel de Tovar, sometimes (less correctly) called Tobar (1678--1758) was a Spanish baroque painter, appointed court painter by Philip V in 1723.	Alonso Miguel de Tovar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Harvey J. Graff (born June 19, 1949) is a comparative social historian as well as a professor of English and History at Ohio State University.	Harvey J. Graff	English
languages spoken or written	Erik Bánki (born May 26, 1970) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from 1998 to 2012 and since 2014.	Erik Bánki	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Shinichi Hoshi (星 新一 Hoshi Shin'ichi, September 6, 1926 -- December 30, 1997) was a Japanese novelist and science fiction writer.	Shinichi Hoshi	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Louis de Bouillé (Martinique, 1 May 1769 - 20 November 1850) was a French general.	Louis de Bouillé	French
languages spoken or written	Guido Baccelli (1830-1916) was an Italian physician and statesman.	Guido Baccelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Aksel Jørgensen (1883--1957) was a Danish painter and wood engraver.	Aksel Jørgensen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Marcus Birro (born 15 June 1972 in Göteborg, Sweden) is a Swedish-Italian (Italian citizen) poet, author and columnist.	Marcus Birro	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Djida Tazdaït (born April 8, 1957 in Timri Tala-Tazert, French Algeria) is a French activist who seated in the European Parliament from 1989 to 1994.	Djida Tazdaït	French
languages spoken or written	Thomas Rainsborough (1610 -- 29 October 1648), or Rainborowe , was a prominent figure in the English Civil War, and was the leading spokesman for the Levellers in the Putney Debates.	Thomas Rainsborough	English
languages spoken or written	Harold Orton (23 October 1898 -- 7 March 1975) was a Dialectologist and Professor of English Language and Medieval Literature at the University of Leeds.	Harold Orton	English
languages spoken or written	In 1992 the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia and WDR (West German broadcasting corporation) managed to get Dieter Kosslick to come from Hamburg to the Rhine to head up the barely one-year-old ``Filmstiftung NRW'' as its executive director.	Dieter Kosslick	German
languages spoken or written	Ugo Pirro (April 20, 1920 -- January 18, 2008) was an Italian screenwriter and novelist.	Ugo Pirro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Olga Scheinpflugová (3 December 1902 -- 13 April 1968) was a Czech actress and writer.	Olga Scheinpflugová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Robert Franz Schmidt (born 16 September 1932 in Ludwigshafen) is a German physiologist and professor emeritus.	Robert Franz Schmidt	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Barbeyrac (French: (baʁbɛʁak); 15 March 1674 -- 3 March 1744) was a French jurist.	Jean Barbeyrac	French
languages spoken or written	Francesco Borromini, byname of Francesco Castelli (25 September 1599 -- 2 August 1667), was an Italian architect born in today's Ticino who, with his contemporaries Gian Lorenzo Bernini and Pietro da Cortona, was a leading figure in the emergence of Roman Baroque architecture.	Francesco Borromini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alberto Juzdado López (born August 20, 1966 in Madrid) is a Spanish long-distance runner.	Alberto Juzdado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Cezar Baltag (26 July 1939 in Mălineşti-Hotin -- 26 May 1997 in Bucharest) was a Romanian poet.	Cezar Baltag	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Baron Béla Bánhidy de Simánd (February 17, 1836 -- June 18, 1890) was a Hungarian politician and Member of Parliament.	Béla Bánhidy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Karl Otto Paetel (23 November 1906, Berlin -- 4 May 1975, New York) was a German political journalist.	Karl Otto Paetel	German
languages spoken or written	Carl Julius Fritzsche (17 October 1808, Neustadt -- 8 June 1871) was a German pharmacist and chemist.	Carl Julius Fritzsche	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille (French: (pwazœj); 22 April 1797 -- 26 December 1869) was a French physicist and physiologist.	Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Strother Stewart (16 May 1878 -- 15 November 1954) was an English lawyer, colonial judge and Liberal Party politician.	Robert Strother Stewart	English
languages spoken or written	Sven Olof Joachim Palme (Swedish: Olof Palme; pronounced (ˈʊlɔf palˈmɛ); 30 January 1927 -- 28 February 1986) was a Swedish Social Democratic politician, statesman and prime minister.	Olof Palme	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Roberto Cassinelli (born December 10, 1956) is an Italian politician and lawyer, Member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.	Roberto Cassinelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hella Wuolijoki (née Ella Marie Murrik; July 22, 1886 -- February 2, 1954), known by the pen name Juhani Tervapää, was an Estonian-born Finnish writer known for her Niskavuori series.	Hella Wuolijoki	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Azad Bilgrami (1704-1786) was a scholar of Arabic, Persian and Urdu languages in 18th century India.	Azad Bilgrami	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Sevda Sevan (Armenian: Սևդա Սևան, November 6, 1945 - May 16, 2009) was a prominent Armenian-Bulgarian writer, the Ambassador of Armenia in Bulgaria from 1994 to 2005.	Sevda Sevan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Georges Pallu (1869-1948) was a French screenwriter and film director active in the silent and early sound eras.	Georges Pallu	French
languages spoken or written	Priya Raman is a Malayalam actress and film producer.	Priya Raman	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Rajanala Nageswara Rao better known as R. Nageswara Rao (Telugu: రాజనాల నాగేశ్వరరావు) (1928--1959) was a famous Telugu film actor.	Rajanala Nageswara Rao	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Madeleine Pelletier (18 May 1874 -- 29 December 1939) was a French physician, psychiatrist, first-wave feminist, and socialist activist.	Madeleine Pelletier	French
languages spoken or written	Grażyna Miller (Jedwabne, 29 January 1957 -- 17 August 2009) was a Polish poet and translator who lived in Italy.	Grażyna Miller	Polish
languages spoken or written	Archana Joglekar is an Indian actress and classical dancer who has appeared in numerous Marathi and Hindi films and television serials.	Archana Joglekar	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Liu Yumin (simplified Chinese: 刘玉民; traditional Chinese: 劉玉民; pinyin: Liǘ Yùmín; born February 1951) is a Chinese novelist who was the vice president of Shandong Literature and Art Association.	Liu Yumin	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Johannes Zorn (1739 Kempten - 1799) was a German pharmacist, botanist and botanical illustrator.	Johannes Zorn	German
languages spoken or written	Hans Knappertsbusch (12 March 1888 -- 25 October 1965) was a German conductor, best known for his performances of the music of Richard Wagner, Anton Bruckner and Richard Strauss as well as his unique public persona and conducting style.	Hans Knappertsbusch	German
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Brierley (often known as Ben Brierley) (26 June 1825 -- 18 January 1896) was an English weaver and writer in Lancashire dialect.	Benjamin Brierley	English
languages spoken or written	Đuro Daničić (born Đorđe Popović; Serbian Cyrillic: Ђуро Даничић, pronounced (dʑǔːrɔ dânit͡ʃit͡ɕ); April 4, 1825 -- November 17, 1882), was a Serbian and Croatian philologist, translator, linguistic historian and lexicographer.	Đuro Daničić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Castro Otto (born 3 March 1994), commonly known as Jonny, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Celta de Vigo as a right or left back.	Jonathan Castro Otto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ingrid Mathilda Malling (early pseudonym Stella Kleve) was a Swedish novelist born January 20, 1864, on Oskar Farm in southern Sweden and died in Copenhagen in 1942.	Mathilda Malling	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Lebel is a French artist, poet, poetry publisher, political activist and scholar born in Paris in 1936.	Jean-Jacques Lebel	French
languages spoken or written	Pedro Erquicia López de Montenegro (born 24 March 1943 in San Sebastián) is a Spanish journalist and news anchor.	Pedro Erquicia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giulio Alessandrini (Latin Julius Alexandrinus or Julius Alexandrinus von Neustein; 1506 -- 25 August 1590) was an Italian physician, author, and poet.	Giulio Alessandrini	Latin
languages spoken or written	Fritz Köster (February 2, 1855 -- 1934) was a German anarchist editor and trade unionist.	Fritz Köster	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Antonio Magini (in Latin, Maginus) (13 June 1555 -- 11 February 1617) was an Italian astronomer, astrologer, cartographer, and mathematician.	Giovanni Antonio Magini	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jean-Antoine Gleizes (1773--1843) was a French writer and advocate of vegetarianism.	Jean-Antoine Gleizes	French
languages spoken or written	Orfeo Boselli, or Bosselli, (1597--1667) was an Italian sculptor working in Rome.	Orfeo Boselli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Loewe (November 27, 1837 -- September 11, 1886) was a German merchant, manufacturer, philanthropist and a member of the Reichstag.	Ludwig Loewe	German
languages spoken or written	Seweryn Chomet, FInstP (6 May 1930 in Drohobycz, Poland -- 24 July 2009 in London, England) was a physicist, author, journalist, historian, publisher, prolific translator of Russian scientific journals into English, and former visiting research fellow of King's College London.	Seweryn Chomet	English
languages spoken or written	John Olav Egeland (born 2 November 1951) is a Norwegian journalist and editor.	John Olav Egeland	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Adolphe Perraud (7 February 1828 -- 18 February 1906) was a French Cardinal and academician.	Adolphe Perraud	French
languages spoken or written	Enrique González Morales, better known as Quique González, is a Spanish singer/songwriter known throughout the continent for his approachable and natural writing style.	Quique González	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tor Obrestad (born 12 February 1938) is a Norwegian novelist, poet and documentary writer.	Tor Obrestad	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Louis Claude Noisette (2 November 1772 at Chatillon - 9 January 1849) was a French botanist and agronomist, son of Joseph Noisette, gardener to the Count of Provence, the future Louis XVIII.	Louis Claude Noisette	French
languages spoken or written	Henry Harvey Vivian (20 April 1868 -- 30 May 1930) was an English trade unionist, and Liberal Party politician and campaigner for industrial democracy and co-partnership, especially noted for his work in co-partnership housing.	Henry Harvey Vivian	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Séguier (French: (pjɛʁ seɡje); 28 May 1588 -- 28 January 1672) was a French statesman, chancellor of France from 1635.	Pierre Séguier	French
languages spoken or written	Alberto Basso (born Turin, 21 August 1931) is an Italian musicologist.	Alberto Basso	Italian
languages spoken or written	The Professor of English at University College London, John Mullan, has written: ``In Spitting Image and probably the middle-class imagination, Norman Tebbit was given an Essex drag on his vowels which he hardly possessed.	Norman Tebbit	English
languages spoken or written	Sirkka-Liisa Konttinen (b.27 March 1948) is a Finnish photographer who has worked in Britain since the 1960s.	Sirkka-Liisa Konttinen	Finnish
languages spoken or written	In September 2014, the Anna Kavan Society organized a one-day symposium at the Institute of English Studies in association with Liverpool John Moores University Research Centre for Literature and Cultural History and Peter Owen Publishers.	Anna Kavan	English
languages spoken or written	Bilge Umar (born 1936) is a Turkish writer, researcher and jurist born in Karşıyaka, İzmir in Turkey.	Bilge Umar	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Menachem Elon (Hebrew: מנחם אלון ) (November 1, 1923 -- February 6, 2013) was an Israeli jurist and Professor of Law specializing in Mishpat Ivri, Orthodox rabbi, and a prolific author on traditional Jewish law (halakha).	Menachem Elon	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Nacho Barahona (born in Madrid) is a Spanish film editor with over 225 TV series episodes, 14 short films, numerous advertisements and 3 documentaries to his credit, as well as 8 nominations and awards in film-making.	Nacho Barahona	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mohamed Talbi (Arabic: محمد الطالبي‎), (born in Tunis, September 16, 1921) is a Tunisian historian and professor.	Mohamed Talbi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Anthony Rich (1803 -- 4 April 1891) was an English solicitor, author, antiquary and gentleman.	Anthony Rich	English
languages spoken or written	Đinh Trọng Đoàn, pen name Ma Văn Kháng (Đống Đa, Hanoi, 1 December 1936) is a Vietnamese writer.	Ma Văn Kháng	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	John Brailsford the elder (fl. 1712-1739), was an English poet.	John Brailsford the elder	English
languages spoken or written	Albert Messiah (23 September 1921, Nice -- 17 April 2013) was a French physicist.	Albert Messiah	French
languages spoken or written	Joan Margarit i Consarnau (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan mərɣəˈɾit i kunsərˈnaw)) (born in Sanaüja, May 11, 1938) is a Catalan poet, architect and retired Professor.	Joan Margarit i Consarnau	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Arnaldo Azzi (23 December 1885, Ceneselli - 25 November 1957) was an Italian general and politician.	Arnaldo Azzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Shernaz Patel is an Indian film and theatre actor, who works in Hindi and English films, most known for her roles in films like Black (2005) and Guzaarish (2010) and English language theatre in Mumbai.	Shernaz Patel	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Henrik Fexeus (born September 29, 1971 in Örebro, Sweden) is a Swedish mentalist, author and TV-host.	Henrik Fexeus	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Albert Mathiez (10 January 1874, La Bruyère, Haute-Saône -- 25 February 1932) was a French historian, known for his Marxist interpretation of the French Revolution.	Albert Mathiez	French
languages spoken or written	Marie-Dominique Philippe (September 8, 1912 in Nord (French department) -- August 26, 2006 in Loire) was a Dominican philosopher and theologian.	Marie-Dominique Philippe	French
languages spoken or written	Alberto Sansimena Chamorro (born 26 May 1985), known as Tete, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca F.C. as a winger.	Alberto Sansimena Chamorro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edward Rider Cook (4 June 1836 -- 21 August 1898) was an English soap manufacturer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1886.	Edward Rider Cook	English
languages spoken or written	Manuela Gretkowska (6 October 1964) is a Polish writer, screenwriter and politician.	Manuela Gretkowska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Wawrzyniec Grzymała Goślicki (Latin: Laurentius Grimaldius Goslicius; between 1530 and 1540 -- 31 October 1607) was a Polish nobleman, Bishop of Poznań (1601--1607), political thinker and philosopher best known for his book De optimo senatore (1568).	Wawrzyniec Grzymała Goślicki	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jean-Claude Killy (born 30 August 1943) also known as Gilette is a former French World Cup alpine ski racer.	Jean-Claude Killy	French
languages spoken or written	Odoardo Fialetti (May 18, 1573 - 1638?) was an Italian painter and printmaker who began his training during the late Renaissance, and showed distinct mannerist sensibilities in his mid-career, adopting a much looser and more dynamic style in his later life.	Odoardo Fialetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joseph Addison (1 May 1672 -- 17 June 1719) was an English essayist, poet, playwright, and politician.	Joseph Addison	English
languages spoken or written	Robert Hugh Benson AFSC KC*SG KGCHS (18 November 1871 -- 19 October 1914) was an English Anglican priest who in 1903 was received into the Roman Catholic Church in which he was ordained priest in 1904.	Robert Hugh Benson	English
languages spoken or written	García de Toledo Osorio, 6th Marquis of Villafranca, (25 April 1579 in Naples -- 21 January 1649 in Madrid), Prince of Montalbano, 3rd Duke of Fernandina was a Spanish-Italian nobleman, military and a Grandee of Spain.	García de Toledo Osorio, 6th Marquis of Villafranca	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Grażyna Chrostowska (20 September 1921, Lublin - 18 April 1942, Ravensbrück), was a Polish poet and an activist of the Polish underground during the Second World War.	Grażyna Chrostowska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Francesc Eiximenis () (OFM) was a Franciscan Catalan writer who lived in the 14th-century Crown of Aragon.	Francesc Eiximenis	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Stanley Tiffany CBE (11 June 1908 -- 19 March 1971) was an English Labour Co-operative politician.	Stanley Tiffany	English
languages spoken or written	Philibert Joseph Roux (April 26, 1780 -- March 24, 1854) was a French surgeon born in Auxerre.	Philibert Joseph Roux	French
languages spoken or written	Peter Schlechtriem (March 2, 1933 in Jena -- April 23, 2007 in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German jurisprudential scholar.	Peter Schlechtriem	German
languages spoken or written	Biju Menon (born 9 September 1970) is an Indian film actor who has starred in over a 100 Malayalam films, along with a couple of Tamil and Telugu films.	Biju Menon	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Janice Rebibo (née Silverman; January 31, 1950 -- March 11, 2015) was an American-born Israeli poet who began writing in Hebrew in the mid-1980s.	Janice Rebibo	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Count Nicolò Carandini (December 6, 1896 -- March 18, 1972) was the first Italian ambassador to Britain after World War II.	Nicolò Carandini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Aelius Festus Aphthonius was a Latin grammarian of the 4th or 5th century, possibly of African origin, and considered to be one of the most important classical rhetoricians.	Aelius Festus Aphthonius	Latin
languages spoken or written	Milan Rúfus (December 10, 1928 -- January 11, 2009) was a Slovak poet, essayist, translator, children's writer and academic.	Milan Rúfus	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Francisco Agustín Silvela y Blanco (August 28, 1803 -- September 20, 1857) was a Spanish exile who returned to become a prominent lawyer and politician following the turmoil after the Peninsular War and restoration of the House of Bourbon in Spain following the French occupation.	Francisco Agustín Silvela y Blanco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edward Smith-Stanley, 13th Earl of Derby KG (21 April 1775 -- 30 June 1851), styled Lord Stanley from 1776 to 1832 and known as The Lord Stanley from 1832 to 1834, was an English politician, landowner, builder, farmer, art collector and naturalist.	Edward Smith-Stanley, 13th Earl of Derby	English
languages spoken or written	Victor Banerjee (born Partho Sarathi Banerjee, 15 October 1946) is an Indian actor who appears in English, Hindi, Bengali and Assamese language films.	Victor Banerjee	Hindi	Bengali
languages spoken or written	William Wilkie Collins (8 January 1824 -- 23 September 1889) was an English novelist, playwright, and short story writer.	Wilkie Collins	English
languages spoken or written	Mieczysław Jastrun born as Mojsze Agatstein (29 October 1903 -- 22 February 1983) was a Polish poet and essayist of Jewish origin.	Mieczysław Jastrun	Polish
languages spoken or written	Louis-Anne-Jean Brocq (February 1, 1856 -- December 18, 1928) was a French dermatologist born in Laroque-Timbaut, a village in the department of Lot-et-Garonne.	Louis-Anne-Jean Brocq	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Lhande Heguy (Basque: Pierre Allande Hegi) was born in Bayonne, France on 9 July 1877 and died 17 April 1957 in Tardets, Soule.	Pierre Lhande	Basque
languages spoken or written	Sir Samuel Morland, 1st Baronet (1625 -- 30 December 1695), or Moreland, was an English academic, diplomat, spy, inventor and mathematician of the 17th century, a polymath credited with early developments in relation to computing, hydraulics and steam power.	Samuel Morland	English
languages spoken or written	Devendra Satyarthi (1908-2003) was an Indian folklorist and writer of Hindi, Urdu, Punjabi literature.	Devendra Satyarthi	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Victoria, Lady Welby (1837--1912), more correctly Lady Welby-Gregory, was a self-educated English philosopher of language, musician and water-colour artist.	Victoria, Lady Welby	English
languages spoken or written	Charles Edward Horn (21 June 1786 -- 21 October 1849) was an English composer and singer.	Charles Edward Horn	English
languages spoken or written	Borja Cobeaga Eguillor (born in 1977) is a Spanish film director and screenwriter.	Borja Cobeaga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mahmut Celâl Bayar (16 May 1883 -- 22 August 1986) was a Turkish politician, statesman, and the third President of Turkey.	Celâl Bayar	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Ahmed Abdel Muti Hijazi (Arabic: أحمد عبد المعطي حجازي‎) (born in 1935 in Al-Menoufiya, Egypt) is an Egyptian contemporary poet.	Ahmed Abdel Muti Hijazi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Luis Antonio García Navarro (30 April 1941 in Chiva, Valencian Community, Spain -- 10 October 2001 in Madrid, Spain), was a Spanish conductor.	Luis Antonio García Navarro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Marx (April 22, 1859 -- October 17, 1941) was a German classical philologist born in Bessungen -- today part of the city of Darmstadt.	Friedrich Marx	German
languages spoken or written	Bassam Frangieh (Arabic: بسام فرنجيه) is a scholar of contemporary Arabic literature and culture.	Bassam Frangieh	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Manfred Schnelldorfer (born 2 May 1943 in Munich, Bavaria, Germany) is a German figure skater, and a World and Olympic champion.	Manfred Schnelldorfer	German
languages spoken or written	Folke Lars-Olov Strömstedt, (23 May 1935, Gävle - 4 July 2009), better known as Lasse Strömstedt, was a Swedish writer who wrote of and about his own life in prison and drug abuse.	Lasse Strömstedt	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Talbot (French: (talbo); born 12 August 1943) is a Belgian actor, best known for his lead role of Tintin in the movies Tintin and the Golden Fleece and Tintin and the Blue Oranges.	Jean-Pierre Talbot	French
languages spoken or written	Karl Dönitz (German: (ˈdøːnɪts); 16 September 1891 -- 24 December 1980) was a German admiral who played a major role in the Naval history of World War II. Dönitz succeeded Adolf Hitler as the head of state of Germany.	Karl Dönitz	German
languages spoken or written	Nicolae Iorga (Romanian pronunciation: (nikoˈla.e ˈjorɡa); sometimes Neculai Iorga, Nicolas Jorga, Nicolai Jorga or Nicola Jorga, born Nicu N. Iorga; January 17, 1871 -- November 27, 1940) was a Romanian historian, politician, literary critic, memoirist, poet and playwright.	Nicolae Iorga	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Christian Tramitz (born 29 July 1955 in Munich) is a German-Austrian actor, comedian, voice actor and author.	Christian Tramitz	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Geoffrey Wilkinson FRS (14 July 1921 -- 26 September 1996) was a Nobel laureate English chemist who pioneered inorganic chemistry and homogeneous transition metal catalysis.	Geoffrey Wilkinson	English
languages spoken or written	Iftikhar Hussain, popularly known by his pen name Muztar Khairabadi (Urdu: مضطر خیرآبادی‎) (born 1862--died 1927), was an Indian Urdu poet.	Muztar Khairabadi	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Moritz Pasch (8 November 1843, Breslau, Prussia (now Wrocław, Poland) -- 20 September 1930, Bad Homburg, Germany) was a German mathematician specializing in the foundations of geometry.	Moritz Pasch	German
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Eichrodt (February 2, 1827, Durlach bei Karlsruhe -- February 2, 1892, Lahr) was a German poet and dramatist.	Ludwig Eichrodt	German
languages spoken or written	Sebastián de Eslava y Lazaga (1684 in Enériz, Navarre -- June 21, 1759 in Madrid) was a Spanish general and colonial official.	Sebastián de Eslava	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alfred Weber (30 July 1868 -- 2 May 1958) was a German economist, geographer, sociologist and theoretician of culture whose work was influential in the development of modern economic geography.	Alfred Weber	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Marie Bouley (17 May 1814 -- 2 December 1885) was a pioneering French veterinarian and pathologist.	Henri Marie Bouley	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Hadot (French: (ado); February 21, 1922 -- April 24, 2010) was a French philosopher and historian of philosophy specializing in ancient philosophy, particularly Neoplatonism.	Pierre Hadot	French
languages spoken or written	Esad Mekuli (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Есад Мекули) (17 December 1916, Plav, Kingdom of Montenegro -- 6 August 1993, Pristina, FR Yugoslavia) was an Albanian poet and scholar.	Esad Mekuli	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Carl Benedict Hase (French: Charles Benoît Hase; May 11, 1780 -- March 21, 1864), French Hellenist, of German extraction, was born at Sulza near Naumburg.	Carl Benedict Hase	French
languages spoken or written	Joachim Hoffmann (December 1, 1930 -- February 8, 2002) was a German historian and scientific director of the German Armed Forces Military History Research Office.	Joachim Hoffmann	German
languages spoken or written	Alejandra Lazcano (Spanish pronunciation: (aleˈxandɾa lasˈkano); born on December 31, 1984 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress known for her roles in soap operas, like Acorralada and Pobre Diabla.	Alejandra Lazcano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gabriel Loire (April 21, 1904 -- December 25, 1996) was a French stained glass artist of the twentieth century whose extensive works, portraying various persons or historical scenes, appear in many venues around the world.	Gabriel Loire	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Fernández Bordas (1870--1950) was a Spanish violinist and musical teacher.	Antonio Fernández Bordas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gérard Moussay (16 August 1932, Brecé (Mayenne - 1 February 2012 in Paris) was a French catholic missionary. He was also a specialist on Cam and Minangkabau languages.	Gérard Moussay	French
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Kantor (6 April 1915 -- 8 December 1990) was a Polish painter, assemblage artist, set designer and theatre director.	Tadeusz Kantor	Polish
languages spoken or written	Franz Johann Joseph Bock (1823--1899) was a German theologian, archaeologist, and art historian.	Franz Johann Joseph Bock	German
languages spoken or written	Alf Larsen (22 July 1885, Tjøme -- 12 December 1967) was a Norwegian poet, essayist and magazine editor.	Alf Larsen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Niels Henrik Abel (Norwegian: (ˈɑːbɛl); 5 August 1802 -- 6 April 1829) was a Norwegian mathematician who made pioneering contributions in a variety of fields.	Niels Henrik Abel	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Teja Singh (Punjabi: ਤੇਜਾ ਸਿੰਘ) was an Indian Sikh scholar, teacher, author and translator.	Teja Singh	Punjabi
languages spoken or written	Robert Liddell (13 October 1908 -- 23 July 1992) was an English literary critic, biographer, novelist, travel writer and poet.	Robert Liddell	English
languages spoken or written	Eloísa Gómez-Lucena is a Spanish contemporary writer.	Eloísa Gómez-Lucena	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean Gaspard de Vence (6 April 1747 -- 12 March 1808) was a French privateer, admiral and Maritime Prefect of Toulon.	Jean Gaspard de Vence	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Baptiste Gustave Planche (16 February 1808 -- 18 September 1857) was a French art and literary critic.	Jean Baptiste Gustave Planche	French
languages spoken or written	Andrzej Kot (21 November 1946, Lublin) is a Polish designer, calligrapher, typesetter, typographer, book illustrator.	Andrzej Kot	Polish
languages spoken or written	Leandro Carro Hernáez (1890--1967) was a Spanish communist leader who was active in the Communist Party of the Basque Country before the Spanish Civil War (1936--39), and later was a member of the Basque government in exile.	Leandro Carro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jesús Javier Corpas Mauleón is a Spanish writer born in Estella, Navarre, Spain.	Jesús Javier Corpas Mauleón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean de La Chapelle (24 October 1651 -- 29 May 1723) was a French writer and dramatist.	Jean de La Chapelle	French
languages spoken or written	Shiv Pandit made his screen debut in 2011 with the critically & commercially successful Hindi film 'Shaitan' where he got noticed and was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut.	Shiv Pandit	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Charles Edmund Brock (5 February 1870 -- 28 February 1938) was a widely published English line artist and book illustrator, who signed his work C. E. Brock.	C. E. Brock	English
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Bau Nolla was born to a bourgeoisie Catalan family.	Joaquín Bau	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Élian Périz Toyas (born 1 April 1984) is a Spanish runner who specializes in the 800 metres.	Élian Périz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Adriana Louvier (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈðɾjana luˈβjer); born Adriana Louvier Vargas on September 18, 1980 in Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican actress and TV presenter.	Adriana Louvier	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claude Garache (born 1929 or 1930) is a French artist.	Claude Garache	French
languages spoken or written	Włodzimierz Perzyński (1877-1930) was a Polish writer and dramatist, who was a member of the Young Poland movement.	Włodzimierz Perzyński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Born in Paris, Véronique Tadjo was the daughter of an Ivorian civil servant and a French painter and sculptor.	Véronique Tadjo	French
languages spoken or written	Augustin de Beaulieu (1589--1637) was a French general, who in 1619 led an armed expedition to the East Indies composed of three ships (275 crews, 106 cannons) and called the ``Fleet of Montmorency'', after its sponsor the Admiral Montmorency.	Augustin de Beaulieu	French
languages spoken or written	Louis-Ernest Barrias (13 April 1841 -- 4 February 1905) was a French sculptor of the Beaux-Arts school.	Louis-Ernest Barrias	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Fossin (1786--1848) was a French silver and goldsmith and jeweler.	Jean-Baptiste Fossin	French
languages spoken or written	Éric Halphen (born 10 October 1959) is a French judge best known as the investigating magistrate in the Parisian low-cost housing scandals of the 1990s.	Éric Halphen	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Alexandre Buchon (21 May 1791 -- 29 August 1849) was a French scholar born at Menetou-Salon (Cher).	Jean Alexandre Buchon	French
languages spoken or written	Max Seydewitz (December 19, 1892 -- February 8, 1987) was a German politician (SPD, SAPD and SED).	Max Seydewitz	German
languages spoken or written	Roberto de Mattei (born 21 February 1948, in Rome, Italy, Europe) is an Italian Roman Catholic historian and author.	Roberto de Mattei	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mario Brelich (1910-1982) was an Italian author born in Budapest to an Italian father and Hungarian mother.	Mario Brelich	Italian
languages spoken or written	Magdalena Álvarez Arza Is Spanish Politician, who from 2004 to 2009 served as Minister of Public Works (Fomento).	Magdalena Álvarez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Helene Ahrweiler, née Glykatzi (Greek: Ελένη Γλύκατζη-Αρβελέρ; French: Hélène Ahrweiler, pronounced: (aʁvɛlɛʁ)) is an eminent Greek university professor and Byzantinologist.	Helene Ahrweiler	French
languages spoken or written	John Turner Hopwood (1829 -- 1 Jan 1900) was an English Conservative Party politician, and barrister.	John Turner Hopwood	English
languages spoken or written	Dieter Dorn (born 31 October 1935 in Leipzig) is a German theatre director, also for the opera, the manager of the Münchner Kammerspiele from 1983 to 2001 and now manager of the Bavarian Staatsschauspiel.	Dieter Dorn	German
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Jappelli (14 May 1783 -- 8 May 1852) was an Italian neoclassic architect and engineer who was born and died in Venice.	Giuseppe Jappelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Utpal Dutt (Bengali: উৎপল দত্ত Utpôl Dôtto, listen ) (29 March 1929 -- 19 August 1993) was an Indian actor, director, and writer-playwright.	Utpal Dutt	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Joseph ben Abraham Gikatilla (1248 -- after 1305) (Hebrew: יוסף בן אברהם ג'יקטיליה‎, Spanish: Chiquitilla, ``the little'') was a Spanish kabbalist, student of Abraham Abulafia.	Joseph ben Abraham Gikatilla	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Juan Antonio Cebrián (1965--2007) was a Spanish journalist, writer and broadcaster.	Juan Antonio Cebrián	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rosendo Mercado Ruiz (born 23 February 1954, Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish rock singer and songwriter.	Rosendo Mercado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ignacio José de Allende y Unzaga (January 21, 1769 -- June 26, 1811), born Ignacio Allende y Unzaga, was a captain of the Spanish Army in Mexico who came to sympathize with the Mexican independence movement.	Ignacio Allende	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Isabella Camera d'Afflitto is an Italian academic and translator.	Isabella Camera d'Afflitto	Italian
languages spoken or written	Stefano Stefani (Vicenza, 29 September 1938) is an Italian politician and leading member of the regional secessionist Liga Veneta--	Stefano Stefani	Italian
languages spoken or written	René Rapin (1621--1687) was a French Jesuit and writer.	René Rapin	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Matthew Decker, 1st Baronet (1679 -- 18 March 1749) was an English merchant and writer on trade.	Matthew Decker	English
languages spoken or written	Michel Fourniret (born 4 April 1942) is a convicted French serial killer who confessed in June and July 2004 to kidnapping, raping and murdering nine girls in a span of 14 years from the 1980s to the 2000s.	Michel Fourniret	French
languages spoken or written	Alice Albinia (born London, 1976) is an English journalist and author whose first book, Empires of the Indus, won several awards.	Alice Albinia	English
languages spoken or written	Robert Cibis (born 21 March 1973) is a German film director and film producer.	Robert Cibis	German
languages spoken or written	Antoni Ribas i Piera (27 October 1935 -- 3 October 2007) was a Catalan Spanish film director and screenwriter.	Antoni Ribas	Catalan Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philip III of Spain (Spanish: Felipe III ``el piadoso''; 14 April 1578 -- 31 March 1621) was King of Spain (as Philip III in Castile and Philip II in Aragon) and Portugal (Portuguese: Filipe II).	Philip III of Spain	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Veljo Tormis (born 7 August 1930 in Kuusalu) is an Estonian composer, regarded as one of the greatest living choral composers and one of the most important composers of the 20th century in Estonia.	Veljo Tormis	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Awnsham Churchill (1658--1728) was an English bookseller and Whig radical, a Member of Parliament in the reign of Queen Anne.	Awnsham Churchill	English
languages spoken or written	Joseph Eyles (c.1690--1740), of Bishopsgate, London, was an English politician and son of Sir Francis Eyles, 1st Baronet (died 1716).	Joseph Eyles	English
languages spoken or written	Laura Freixas (born 1958) is a Spanish novelist, short story writer, and newspaper columnist.	Laura Freixas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Marie-Esprit-Léon Walras (French: (valʁas); December 16, 1834 -- January 5, 1910) was a French mathematical economist.	Léon Walras	French
languages spoken or written	Kaori Ekuni (江國 香織 Ekuni Kaori, born 21 March 1964) is a Japanese author.	Kaori Ekuni	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Nicoletta Vallorani (born 1959) is an Italian science fiction writer.	Nicoletta Vallorani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marie-Célie Agnant (born 1953, Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a French-speaking Quebecer, who has lived in Canada since 1970.	Marie-Célie Agnant	French
languages spoken or written	Maria Konopnicka (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmarʲa kɔnɔpˈɲit͡ska)) née Wasiłowska (May 23, 1842 -- October 8, 1910) was a Polish poet, novelist, writer for children and youth, a translator, journalist and critic, as well as an activist for women's rights and Polish independence.	Maria Konopnicka	Polish
languages spoken or written	Professor Eberhard Kolb (born 8 August 1933, Stuttgart) is a historian, best known for his research of the German history of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.	Eberhard Kolb	German
languages spoken or written	Murali Mohan Maganti (Telugu: మురళి మోహన్ మాగంటి) (born 24 June 1940) is an Indian film actor, producer, politician and a business executive from Telugu cinema.	Murali Mohan	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Francesco Molinari-Pradelli (born July 4, 1911 Bologna, died July 8, 1996 Bologna) was a prominent Italian opera conductor.	Francesco Molinari-Pradelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fulgencio Coll Bucher (born July 18, 1948) is a Spanish general who served as Chief of the General Staff of the Spanish Army.	Fulgencio Coll Bucher	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Werner Nachtigall (born June 7, 1934 in Saaz, Czechoslovakia) is a German zoologist and biologist.	Werner Nachtigall	German
languages spoken or written	Taqi al-Din Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Fasi (Arabic: تقي الدين أبي الطيب محمد بن أحمد الفاسي‎, 1373 CE/775 AH -- 1429 CE/832 AH) was a Muslim scholar, hafith, faqih, historian, and Maliki qadi (judge) in Mecca.	Taqi al-Din Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Fasi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Bengt Hambraeus (b. Stockholm, Sweden, January 29, 1928; d. Glen Roy, Ontario, (in Glengarry County), near Montreal, Quebec, Canada, September 21, 2000) was a Swedish organist, composer and musicologist.	Bengt Hambraeus	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Meghana Raj is an Indian film actress, who works mainly in Malayalam and Kannada films and occasionally in the other South Indian languages.	Meghana Raj	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Christian Hoffmann von Hoffmannswaldau (baptised December 25, 1616 -- April 4, 1679) was a German poet of the Baroque era.	Christian Hoffmann von Hoffmannswaldau	German
languages spoken or written	John Scott-Waring (at first John Scott) (1747--1819) was an English political agent of Warren Hastings, publicist and Member of Parliament.	John Scott-Waring	English
languages spoken or written	Juan O'Neylle (1765 -- February 24, 1809) was a Spanish Field Marshal (Mariscal) of Spanish-Irish descent.	Juan O'Neylle	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francisco Aguirre de la Hoz (born 1943, in Ávila, Spain) is a Spanish lawyer and former politician.	Francisco Aguirre de la Hoz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Javier Cercas (born 1962 in Ibahernando) is a writer and professor of Spanish literature at the University of Girona, Spain.	Javier Cercas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Decimator (c. 1544, Gifhorn - 1615) was a German Protestant theologian, astronomer and linguist of Mühlhausen in Thuringen.	Heinrich Decimator	German
languages spoken or written	Léon Pignon (April 19, 1908 -- April 4, 1976) was the French high commissioner in Indochina from October 1948 until December 1950.	Léon Pignon	French
languages spoken or written	Ralf Rothmann (born May 10, 1953 in Schleswig, Schleswig-Holstein) is a German novelist, poet, and dramatist.	Ralf Rothmann	German
languages spoken or written	Uwe Nettelbeck (7 August 1940 -- 17 January 2007) was a German record producer, journalist and film critic.	Uwe Nettelbeck	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques de Vaucanson (February 24, 1709 -- November 21, 1782) was a French inventor and artist who was responsible for the creation of impressive and innovative automata and machines such as the first completely automated loom.	Jacques de Vaucanson	French
languages spoken or written	Anabela Basalo (Serbian: Анабела Басало) (born September 4, 1972 in Zenica, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian writer.	Anabela Basalo	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Anna Ovena Hoyer (born: Anke Hanß, aka Anna Ovena Hoyers, Swedish: Anna Orena Höijer) (Koldenbüttel on Ejdersted peninsula 1584 -- 27 November 1655) was a writer and poet, originally German; active in Sweden from 1632.	Anna Ovena Hoyer	German
languages spoken or written	Gloria Campobello - la primera ballerina de México (Spanish), 1991, ISBN 968-29-3357-9	Gloria Campobello	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tommy Fallot (4 October 1844 -- 3 September 1904) was a French pastor who is known as the founder of Social Christianity in France.	Tommy Fallot	French
languages spoken or written	Emanuele Severino (February 26, 1929 in Brescia, Italy) is one of the most important contemporary Italian philosophers.	Emanuele Severino	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Sarti (also Sardi; baptised 1 December 1729 -- 28 July 1802) was an Italian opera composer.	Giuseppe Sarti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pedro Cornejo de Pedrosa (Salamanca, Spain, 1536 -- 31 March 1618) was a Spanish Carmelite, theologian, and professor of the University of Salamanca (cf. Salmanticenses).	Pedro Cornejo de Pedrosa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gustave Roussy (24 November 1874 -- 30 September 1948) was a Swiss-French neuropathologist born in Vevey, Switzerland.	Gustave Roussy	French
languages spoken or written	Jostein Gaarder (Norwegian: (ˈjuːstaɪn ˈɡɔːrdər); born 8 August 1952) is a Norwegian intellectual and author of several novels, short stories and children's books.	Jostein Gaarder	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Vincent Cespedes (born September 14, 1973 in Aubervilliers, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French philosopher and writer.	Vincent Cespedes	French
languages spoken or written	Gabriel Liiceanu (Romanian pronunciation: (ɡabriˈel li.iˈt͡ʃe̯anu); b. May 23, 1942, Râmnicu-Vâlcea) is a Romanian philosopher.	Gabriel Liiceanu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Comminianus (also referred to as Cominianus or Comminian) was a Latin grammarian of the late fourth century.	Comminianus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Conrad Wiene (3 February 1878 -- 1934) was an actor, screenwriter, film producer and director of Austrian and German silent film.	Conrad Wiene	German
languages spoken or written	Eckart von Hirschhausen (born August 25, 1967 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a German physician and comedian.	Eckart von Hirschhausen	German
languages spoken or written	Gabriele Krone-Schmalz (born 8 November 1949, Lam, District of Cham, Bavaria) is a German broadcast journalist and author.	Gabriele Krone-Schmalz	German
languages spoken or written	Robert de Cotte (1656 -- 15 July 1735) was a French architect-administrator, under whose design control of the royal buildings of France from 1699, the earliest notes presaging the Rococo style were introduced.	Robert de Cotte	French
languages spoken or written	Pedro Agerre, best known as Axular, is one of the main Basque writers of the 17th century.	Pedro Agerre	Basque
languages spoken or written	Raimondo Spiazzi OP (18 January 1918 - 14 October 2002) was an Italian Catholic theologian, advisor to Pius XII, and Mariologist with over 2,500 publications.	Raimondo Spiazzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Luc Moullet (French: (mulɛ); born 14 October 1937 in Paris) is a French film critic and filmmaker, and a member of the Nouvelle Vague or French New Wave.	Luc Moullet	French
languages spoken or written	William Edward Robinson (1863 -- 10 May 1927) was an English merchant and Liberal Party politician.	William Edward Robinson	English
languages spoken or written	Hideshi Hino (日野日出志 Hino Hideshi, born April 19, 1946) is a Japanese manga artist who specializes in horror stories.	Hideshi Hino	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Célestin-François Nanteuil-Lebœuf, known as Célestin Nanteuil, (11 July 1813 -- 6 September 1873) was a French painter, engraver and illustrator closely tied to the Romantic movement in France.	Célestin Nanteuil	French
languages spoken or written	François Marie Charles Fourier (/ˈfʊəriˌeɪ, -iər/; French: (fuʁje); 7 April 1772 -- 10 October 1837) was a French philosopher and an influential early socialist thinker later associated with ``utopian socialism''.	Charles Fourier	French
languages spoken or written	István Gaál (25 August 1933 -- 25 September 2007) was a Hungarian film director, editor and screenwriter.	István Gaál	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Hermann-Josef Tenhagen (born 22 January 1963) is the Editor-in-Chief of Finanztest, the German monthly magazine dealing with financial issues published by Stiftung Warentest, the German consumer organisation.	Hermann-Josef Tenhagen	German
languages spoken or written	Muhammed Fethullah Gülen (born 27 April 1941) is a Turkish preacher, former imam, and writer.	Fethullah Gülen	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Jan Evangelista Purkyně (Czech: (ˈjan ˈɛvaŋɡɛlɪsta ˈpurkɪɲɛ); also written Johann Evangelist Purkinje) (17 December or 18 December 1787 -- 28 July 1869) was a Czech anatomist and physiologist.	Jan Evangelista Purkyně	Czech
languages spoken or written	Ingebjørg Dahl Sem (born 27 August 1936) is a Norwegian Christian writer.	Ingebjørg Dahl Sem	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Pieter Winsemius, professor emeritus (born 7 March 1942 in Voorburg) is a Dutch scientist on Sustainable Development.	Pieter Winsemius	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Louis-Antoine Jullien (23 April 1812 -- 14 March 1860) was a French conductor and composer of light music.	Louis-Antoine Jullien	French
languages spoken or written	Poul Erik Tøjner (born 25 February 1959) is a Danish museum director and art critic.	Poul Erik Tøjner	Danish
languages spoken or written	Alejandro Ferrant Vázquez (Madrid, 1897--1976) was a Spanish architect.	Alejandro Ferrant Vázquez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stas Misezhnikov (Hebrew: סטס מיסז'ניקוב‎; Russian: Стас Мисежников, born 28 February 1969) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu and as the country's Minister of Tourism.	Stas Misezhnikov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Joseph Émile Brumpt (10 March 1877, in Paris -- 8 July 1951) was a French parasitologist.	Émile Brumpt	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Harry Bullard DL (1841 -- 26 December 1903) was an English brewer and Conservative politician.	Harry Bullard	English
languages spoken or written	Xu Beihong (Chinese: 徐悲鴻; pinyin: Xú Bēihóng; 19 July 1895 -- 26 September 1953) was a Chinese painter born in Yixing, Jiangsu province.	Xu Beihong	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Thierry Schaffauser is a French sex worker, social activist, writer and actor.	Thierry Schaffauser	French
languages spoken or written	Pascal Engel (French: (ɑ̃ʒɛl); born 1954) is a French philosopher, working on the philosophy of language, philosophy of mind, epistemology and philosophy of logic.	Pascal Engel	French
languages spoken or written	Viktor Pivovarov (Russian: Виктор Пивоваров; born 1937), along with Ilya Kabakov and Erik Bulatov, was one of the leading artists of the Moscow Conceptualist artistic movement of the 1970s.	Viktor Pivovarov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Michel Sabbah (Arabic: ميشيل صباح‎; born 19 March 1933 in Nazareth, Mandatory Palestine) was the Archbishop and Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem from 1987 to 2008, the first non-Italian to hold this position in more than five centuries.	Michel Sabbah	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Dick Rivers (born Hervé Fornieri, 24 April 1945) is a French singer and actor who has been performing since the early 1960s.	Dick Rivers	French
languages spoken or written	Eugen V. Witkowsky (Евге́ний Влади́мирович Витко́вский; born June 18, 1950) is a Russian fiction and fantasy writer, literary scholar, poet, and translator.	Eugen V. Witkowsky	Russian
languages spoken or written	Peter of Eboli or Petrus de Ebulo (flourished ca. 1196--1220) was a didactic versifier and chronicler who wrote in Latin.	Peter of Eboli	Latin
languages spoken or written	Alfredo Alvar Ezquerra (Granada, 1960) is a Spanish historian, research professor at the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC) and modern history specialist.	Alfredo Alvar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Anna Kingsford, née Bonus (16 September 1846 -- 22 February 1888), was an English anti-vivisection, vegetarian and women's rights campaigner.	Anna Kingsford	English
languages spoken or written	Karl Sudhoff (26 November 1853, Frankfurt am Main - 8 October 1938, Salzwedel) was a German historian of medicine, important in establishing that field as a legitimate discipline for research and teaching within faculties of medicine.	Karl Sudhoff	German
languages spoken or written	Ilan Halimi (Hebrew: אילן חלימי‎) was a young French Jewish man of Moroccan descent who was kidnapped on 21 January 2006 by a group called the Gang of Barbarians and subsequently tortured, over a period of three weeks, resulting in his death.	Ilan Halimi	French
languages spoken or written	Rita Bhaduri (Bengali: রীতা ভাদুড়ি, Hindi: रीटा भादुड़ी) is an Indian film and now television actress.	Rita Bhaduri	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Luca Serianni (Italian pronunciation: (ˈluːka seˈrjanni)) (born 30 October 1947) is an Italian linguist and philologist.	Luca Serianni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Albert Guinovart (Catalan pronunciation: (əɫˈβɛrt ɣinuˈβart)) (born 1962 in Barcelona) is a Spanish- Catalan composer.	Albert Guinovart	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Inka Parei (born 1967 in Frankfurt) is a German writer who lives in Berlin.	Inka Parei	German
languages spoken or written	Thomas Piketty (French: (tɔˈma pikɛˈti); born on 7 May 1971) is a French economist who works on wealth and income inequality.	Thomas Piketty	French
languages spoken or written	Samuel Thomas Spry (25 July 1804 -- 29 June 1868 ) was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1832 to 1841 and who changed party and sat for four years again as a Conservative from 1843.	Samuel Thomas Spry	English
languages spoken or written	Johann Gottlob von Quandt (9 April 1787 -- 19 June 1859) was a German artist, art scholar and collector.	Johann Gottlob von Quandt	German
languages spoken or written	Alexander William Kinglake (5 August 1809 -- 2 January 1891) was an English travel writer and historian.	Alexander William Kinglake	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Kast (22 September 1920, Paris -- 20 October 1984) was a French screenwriter and film and television director.	Pierre Kast	French
languages spoken or written	Émile Bollaert was French High Commissioner of Indochina from 1947 to 1948.	Émile Bollaert	French
languages spoken or written	Mathieu Jaboulay (July 5, 1860 -- November 4, 1913) was a French surgeon born in Saint-Genis-Laval, a city in the department of Rhône.	Mathieu Jaboulay	French
languages spoken or written	Mitro Repo (born September 3, 1958) is a Finnish Orthodox Christian priest.	Mitro Repo	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Stresemann (1904--1998) was a German jurist, orchestra leader, conductor and composer.	Wolfgang Stresemann	German
languages spoken or written	Eugène Burnouf (April 8, 1801 -- May 28, 1852) was an eminent French scholar and orientalist who made significant contributions to the deciphering of Old Persian cuneiform.	Eugène Burnouf	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Berthier (1721--1804) was an officer (Lieutenant-Colonel) in the French Corps of Topographical Engineers during the reigns of Louis XV and Louis XVI.	Jean-Baptiste Berthier	French
languages spoken or written	António Mendes Correia (1888 - 1960) was a Portuguese anthropologist, physician and scientist.	António Mendes Correia	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Christian Norberg-Schulz (23 May 1926-- 28 March 2000) was a Norwegian architect, author, educator and architectural theorist.	Christian Norberg-Schulz	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Count Leopoldo Cicognara (17 November 1767, in Ferrara -- 5 March 1834) was an Italian archaeologist and writer on art.	Leopoldo Cicognara	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kang Full (or Kang Pool, Hangul: 강풀) is the pen name of Kang Do-young (born December 7, 1974), a South Korean webcomic artist.	Kang Full	Korean
languages spoken or written	Merab Mamardashvili (Georgian: მერაბ მამარდაშვილი, Russian: Мера́б Константи́нович Мамардашви́ли; September 15, 1930 -- November 25, 1990) was a Georgian philosopher, Doctor of Sciences (1968), Professor (1972).	Merab Mamardashvili	Russian
languages spoken or written	Sreekumar Achary (born 5 January 1951), better known by his stage name Jagathy Sreekumar, is an Indian film actor known for his work in Malayalam cinema.	Jagathy Sreekumar	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Gerd Arntz (11 December 1900 in Remscheid -- 4 December 1988 in The Hague) was a German Modernist artist renowned for his black and white woodcuts.	Gerd Arntz	German
languages spoken or written	Anne Pingeot (born 13 May 1943 in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme) is a French art historian specialising in French sculpture of the 19th century and author of several books and catalogues.	Anne Pingeot	French
languages spoken or written	Aleksander Kamiński (January 28, 1903 - March 15, 1978) was a Polish school teacher, form tutor, author of Polish Cub Scout and Brownie method, writer, historian, Scoutmaster (harcmistrz), and during the occupation of Poland by Nazi Germany, wartime resistance leader under the codenames:	Aleksander Kamiński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Krikor Peshtimaldjian (Armenian: Գրիգոր Փեշտիմալջյան, Born Constantinople, Ottoman Turkey 1778 - died Constantinople, Ottoman Turkey January, 1839) was a prominent ethnic Armenian philosopher, educator, translator, and linguist.	Krikor Peshtimaldjian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Jiří Weil ( IPA: (jɪr̝iː vaɪl) ; 6 August 1900, Praskolesy -- 13 December 1959, Prague) was a Czech writer.	Jiří Weil	Czech
languages spoken or written	Ramón Melendi Espina is a Spanish pop singer with rock, flamenco, and rumba influences.	Melendi	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Said Nafa (Arabic: سعيد نفاع‎, Hebrew: סעיד נפאע‎, also Said Naffaa, born 1 April 1953) is a politician and lawyer.	Said Nafa	Arabic	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Emmanuel Monick (January 10, 1893, Le Mans, France -- December 23, 1983?) was a French politician and banker.	Emmanuel Monick	French
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Boucher (10 April 1770 -- 30 December 1861) was a French violinist, who performed through Europe; he was noted for having a resemblance to Napoleon.	Alexandre Boucher	French
languages spoken or written	Kjell Heggelund (born 16 December 1932) is a Norwegian literary researcher, lecturer, editor, manager, lyricist, translator and literary critic.	Kjell Heggelund	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	José Luis Madrid is a retired Spanish screenwriter, producer and film director.	José Luis Madrid	Spanish
languages spoken or written	David Dacko (French pronunciation: ​(david dako); 24 March 1930 -- 20 November 2003) was the 1st President of the Central African Republic from 14 August 1960 to 1 January 1966, and 3rd President from 21 September 1979 to 1 September 1981.	David Dacko	French
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Iwiński (pronounced (taˈdɛuʂ iˈviɲski); born October 28, 1944 in Piastów) is a Polish politician.	Tadeusz Iwiński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Evgeny Morozov (Russian: Евгений Морозов, Belarusian: Яўгені Марозаў) is a writer and researcher of Belarusian origin who studies political and social implications of technology.	Evgeny Morozov	Belarusian
languages spoken or written	Marie-Joseph Frédéric Villot (31 October 1809 -- 27 May 1875), a French engraver and friend of the prominent Romantic painter Eugène Delacroix, was also an art historian, who served as paintings curator of the Louvre Museum from 1848 to 1861.	Frédéric Villot	French
languages spoken or written	Christian Enzensberger (24 December 1931 -- 27 January 2009) was a German Professor of English studies, author and a translator of English literature into German language.	Christian Enzensberger	German
languages spoken or written	Din Mehmeti (1932 -- 12 November 2010) was an Albanian poet from Kosovo.	Din Mehmeti	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Catherine Delcroix (born 1955) is a French sociologist whose work employs methods drawn from sociology and biographic tools.	Catherine Delcroix	French
languages spoken or written	Jimmy Liao (Chinese: 廖福彬; pinyin: Liào Fúbīn, born November 15, 1958) is a Taiwanese illustrator as well as a picture book writer.	Jimmy Liao	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Martin Rinkart, or Rinckart (23 April 1586 -- 8 December 1649) was a German Lutheran clergyman and hymnist.	Martin Rinkart	German
languages spoken or written	Michael Brynntrup (born 1959) is a German experimental filmmaker and media artist living in Berlin.	Michael Brynntrup	German
languages spoken or written	Zahid Hasan (Bengali: জাহিদ হাসান, born October 4) is a Bangladesh actor who has performed in film, television and theatre.	Zahid Hasan	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Rodoljub Čolaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Родољуб Чолаковић; 7 June 1900 -- 30 March 1983) was a Bosnian Serb and Yugoslav politician.	Rodoljub Čolaković	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Clara Zetkin (née Eissner; 5 July 1857 -- 20 June 1933) was a German Marxist theorist, activist, and advocate for women's rights.	Clara Zetkin	German
languages spoken or written	Vanessa Bauche (Spanish pronunciation: (baˈnesa ˈβautʃe)) (born 18 February 1973) is a Mexican television and film actor.	Vanessa Bauche	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Zsófia Balla (born 15 January 1949) is a Romanian-born Hungarian poet and essayist.	Zsófia Balla	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Peter Latz (born 1939) is a German landscape architect and a professor for landscape architecture at the Technical University of Munich.	Peter Latz	German
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Gass (November 28, 1813 -- February 21, 1889) was a German theologian born in Breslau.	Wilhelm Gass	German
languages spoken or written	Kathleen Winter (born 1960) is an English-Canadian short story writer and novelist.	Kathleen Winter	English
languages spoken or written	Frédéric Boilet (born 16 January 1960, in Épinal, France) is a French cartoonist and a manga artist.	Frédéric Boilet	French
languages spoken or written	Dame Hermione Lee, DBE, FBA, FRSL (born 29 February 1948, Winchester)) is President of Wolfson College, Oxford, and was lately Goldsmiths' Professor of English Literature in the University of Oxford and Professorial Fellow of New College.	Hermione Lee	English
languages spoken or written	František Langer (3 March 1888 -- 2 August 1965) was a Czech playwright, military physician, script writer, essayist, literary critic and publicist.	František Langer	Czech
languages spoken or written	Matilde Camus (September 26, 1919 -- April 28, 2012) was a Spanish poet who also wrote non-fiction.	Matilde Camus	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Peter Frankenberg (* 1947 in Bad Honnef, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) is a German researcher, professor and politician (CDU).	Peter Frankenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Henri George Doll (13 August 1902, Paris, France -- 25 July 1991, Montfort-l'Amaury, France) was a French-American scientist.	Henri George Doll	French
languages spoken or written	Edgar Neville Romrée, Count of Berlanga de Duero (28 December 1899 -- 23 April 1967) was a Spanish playwright and film director, a member of the ``other'' Generation of '27.	Edgar Neville	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean Claude Eugène Péclet (10 February 1793 -- 6 December 1857) was a French physicist.	Jean Claude Eugène Péclet	French
languages spoken or written	Miguel Romero García, better known as Miguel Romero Esteo (born 1930, Montoro, Córdoba) is a Spanish writer and university professor, whose work is part of the so-called Spanish post-war theatre.	Miguel Romero Esteo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claude Dulong-Sainteny or Marguerite-Claude Badalo-Dulong or Claude Dulong, is a French historian born in Limoges on 12 June 1922.	Claude Dulong-Sainteny	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio García-Trevijano Forte (born 18 July 1927 in Granada) is a Spanish republican, a political activist, and an author.	Antonio García-Trevijano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kaspar Hauser (30 April 1812 (?) -- 17 December 1833) was a German youth who claimed to have grown up in the total isolation of a darkened cell.	Kaspar Hauser	German
languages spoken or written	Liviu Rebreanu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈliviw reˈbre̯anu); November 27, 1885 -- September 1, 1944) was a Romanian novelist, playwright, short story writer, and journalist.	Liviu Rebreanu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Antoine-Augustin Bruzen de La Martinière or de la Martiniere, born at Dieppe in 1683 and died in The Hague on 19 June 1746, was a French polymath.	Antoine-Augustin Bruzen de La Martinière	French
languages spoken or written	Simon Hammelburg (Amsterdam, February 28, 1952) is a Dutch entertainer, songwriter, author and journalist.	Simon Hammelburg	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Gertrud Bäumer (12 September 1873, Hagen-Hohenlimburg, Westphalia -- 25 March 1954, Bethel) was a German politician who actively participated in the German civil rights feminist movement.	Gertrud Bäumer	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Ignacio Diego Palacios (born May 18, 1960 Castro Urdiales, Cantabria) is a Spanish politician, engineer and member of the Partido Popular.	Ignacio Diego	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Lauer (born November 14, 1962) is a German Literary scholar.	Gerhard Lauer	German
languages spoken or written	Andrés Palomino Robles (born 1978, Barcelona) is a Spanish comics artist, screenwriter and stand-up comedian, best known for his work on the webcomic Las Crónicas PSN.	Andrés Palomino	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Armand de Gontaut, baron de Biron (1524 -- July 26, 1592) was a celebrated French soldier of the 16th century.	Armand de Gontaut, baron de Biron	French
languages spoken or written	Sebalter was born in the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino.	Sebalter	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Chester Minor, also known as W. C. Minor (June 1834 -- March 26, 1920) was an American army surgeon and one of the largest contributors of quotations to the Oxford English Dictionary.	William Chester Minor	English
languages spoken or written	José María Alvira (1864 Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain - 1938 Madrid,) was a composer Spanish, singing teacher, composer and pianist.	José María Alvira	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kazimierz Bujnicki (30 November 1788 in Krasław (nowadays Krāslava) - 14 July 1878 in Dagda, Latvia) was a Polish writer.	Kazimierz Bujnicki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Norman Hudis (27 July 1922 -- 8 February 2016) was an English writer for film, theatre and television and is most closely associated with the first six of the Carry On... film series, for which he wrote the screenplays; beginning with Carry on Cabby (1963) he was replaced by Talbot Rothwell.	Norman Hudis	English
languages spoken or written	Thomas Bach (born on 29 December 1953 in Würzburg) is a German lawyer and former fencer.	Thomas Bach	German
languages spoken or written	Kodai no Kimi (小大君, dates unknown, also known as Koōkimi) was a Japanese Waka poet and noble from the middle Heian period.	Kodai no Kimi	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Ahmed Dabbah (Arabic: احمد ذباح‎, Hebrew: אחמד דבאח‎; born 27 January 1955) is an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima between 2012 and 2013, the party's first non-Druze Arab MK.	Ahmed Dabbah	Arabic	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Juraj Baraković (1548 -- August 1, 1628) was a Croatian Renaissance poet from Zadar.	Juraj Baraković	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Unni Mary is a film actress and producer who works mainly in Malayalam films.	Unni Mary	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Pierre Delanoë (16 December 1918 -- 27 December 2006), born Pierre Charles Marcel Napoleon Leroyer in Paris, France, was a French songwriter/lyricist who wrote for dozens of singers such as Edith Piaf, Charles Aznavour, Petula Clark, Johnny Hallyday, and Mireille Mathieu.	Pierre Delanoë	French
languages spoken or written	Dominik Kuhn (pseudonym: Dodokay; born September 16, 1969) is a German producer, language artist, comedian, director and musician.	Dominik Kuhn	German
languages spoken or written	François d'Orbay (1634--1697) was a French draughtsman and architect who worked closely with Louis Le Vau and Jules Hardouin Mansart.	François d'Orbay	French
languages spoken or written	Ida Baccini (1850--1911) was an Italian writer for children.	Ida Baccini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Neri Parenti (born 26 April 1950, in Florence) is an Italian film director and writer.	Neri Parenti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pope Pius IX (Italian: Pio IX; 13 May 1792 -- 7 February 1878), born Giovanni Maria Mastai-Ferretti, reigned from 16 June 1846 to his death in 1878.	Pope Pius IX	Italian
languages spoken or written	Yaron Zelekha (Hebrew: ירון זליכה‎, born July 20, 1970) is an Israeli economist.	Yaron Zelekha	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Karl Loewenstein (Munich, November 9, 1891 -- Heidelberg, July 10, 1973) was a German philosopher and political scientist, regarded as one of the prominent figures of Constitutional law in the twentieth century.	Karl Loewenstein	German
languages spoken or written	Louis Amable Crapelet, a French water-colour painter, born at Auxerre in 1822, studied under Corot, Durand-Brager, and Séchan.	Louis Amable Crapelet	French
languages spoken or written	Bettina von Arnim (the Countess of Arnim) (4 April 1785 -- 20 January 1859), born Elisabeth Catharina Ludovica Magdalena Brentano, was a German writer and novelist.	Bettina von Arnim	German
languages spoken or written	Gustave Goublier (15 January 1856--27 October 1926) was a French composer of popular mélodies, notably Credo du paysan, La voix des chênes and L'Angélus de la mer.	Gustave Goublier	French
languages spoken or written	Martha Julia López Luna (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmartaˈxulja); born February 24, 1973) is a Mexican actress.	Martha Julia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Clare Winnicott née Britton (1906-1984) was an English social worker and psychoanalyst, who helped establish the profession of social worker.	Clare Winnicott	English
languages spoken or written	Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski (1897-1973) was a Polish poet, translator and publisher.	Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Francesca Simon, the author of Horrid Henry books, was born in St Louis; she grew up in California and attended both Yale and Oxford universities where she majored in medieval studies and Old English.	Francesca Simon	English
languages spoken or written	Carl Heinrich Louis Held (1 December 1851 -- 17 April 1927) was a German photographer and a pioneer of photojournalism.	Louis Held	German
languages spoken or written	Robert Needham Philips DL (1815 -- 28 February 1890) was an English merchant and manufacturer in the Lancashire textiles business, a Liberal Party politician, and the grandfather of the Whig historian G. M. Trevelyan.	Robert Needham Philips	English
languages spoken or written	Keld Helmer-Petersen (20 August 1920 -- 6 March 2013) was a Danish photographer who achieved his international breakthrough in 1948 when he published 122 Farvefotografier/122 Colour Photographs, a collection of experiments with shapes inspired by Albert Renger-Patzsch and the poetic realism of the Neue Sachlichkeit movement.	Keld Helmer-Petersen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Filippo Acciaiuoli (1637 -- 8 February 1700) was an Italian composer, librettist, theater manager, machine designer, and poet.	Filippo Acciaiuoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	André Boulanger (26 July 1886 -- 9 September 1958) was a French professor of literature and Latin scholar who shared his activity between archeology and the teaching profession.	André Boulanger	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Poyer (alt: Poyet), was a French miniature painter and manuscript illuminator of the late 15th century.	Jean Poyer	French
languages spoken or written	Théophraste Renaudot (1586 -- 25 October 1653) was a French physician, philanthropist, and journalist.	Théophraste Renaudot	French
languages spoken or written	José Mamerto Gómez Hermosilla (11 May 1771, Madrid -- 31 March 1837) was a Spanish Hellenist, journalist and writer.	José Mamerto Gómez Hermosilla	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jagannath Prasad Das(J. P.) (born 26 April 1936) is an eminent litterateur from Odisha who has dominated the Odia literary scene for over forty years.	Jagannath Prasad Das	Odia
languages spoken or written	Darko Macan (born 1966) is a Croatian author and illustrator who has created and collaborated on comics, essays and science fiction and fantasy.	Darko Macan	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Mikheil Saakashvili (Georgian: მიხეილ სააკაშვილი, IPA: (mɪχɛɪl sɑɑkʼɑʃvɪlɪ); Ukrainian: Міхеїл Саакашвілі; born 21 December 1967) is a Ukrainian and former Georgian politician.	Mikheil Saakashvili	Georgian
languages spoken or written	Charles-Nicolas Cochin (22 February 1715 -- 29 April 1790) was a French engraver, designer, writer, and art critic.	Charles-Nicolas Cochin	French
languages spoken or written	Ramon Pichot Gironès (Catalan pronunciation: (rəˈmom piˈtʃɔt); 1871 -- 1 March 1925) was a Catalan and Spanish artist.	Ramon Pichot	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aleksandrs Mirskis (Russian: Александр Мирский, born 20 March 1964) is a Latvian politician of Russian and Jewish descent.	Aleksandrs Mirskis	Latvian
languages spoken or written	N. Kuttikrishna Pillai, better known as N. K. Desam (Malayalam: എൻ. കെ. ദേശം; born October 31, 1936), is a Malayalam-language poet and literary critic from the south Indian state of Kerala.	N. K. Desam	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Henri Donnedieu de Vabres (8 July 1880 - 14 February 1952) was a French jurist who took part in the Nuremberg trials after World War II. He was the primary French judge during the proceedings, with Robert Falco as his alternate.	Henri Donnedieu de Vabres	French
languages spoken or written	Edmond-Frédéric Le Blant (12 August 1818, Paris -- 5 July 1897, Paris) was a French archaeologist and historian.	Edmond-Frédéric Le Blant	French
languages spoken or written	Xavier Niel (born 25 August 1967) is a French entrepreneur and businessman, active in the telecommunications and technology industry and best known as founder and majority shareholder of the French Internet service provider and Mobile operator Iliad trading under the Free brand (France's second-largest ISP, and third mobile operator).	Xavier Niel	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Chedid (born 1 January 1948, in Ismaïlia) is a French singer-songwriter of Lebanese origin.	Louis Chedid	French
languages spoken or written	Mohamed Nagui (Arabic: محمد ناجي‎), an award-winning Egyptian writer and novelist, is the author of several well-known novels, including 'Al-Affendy', 'Morning Song' and 'Travel Night'.	Mohamed Nagui	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Dolon Roy (also spelt as Dolon Ray) is a Bengali actress, based in Kolkata, India.	Dolon Roy	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Domènec Balmanya i Perera (Catalan pronunciation: (duˈmɛnəɡ bəɫˈmaɲə)) (December 29, 1914 -- February 14, 2002), also referred to as Domingo Balmaña, is a former Spanish footballer and manager who spent most of his playing career at FC Barcelona.	Domènec Balmanya	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Diego de Pesquera was a 16th-century Spanish sculptor of the Sevillian and Granadan schools.	Diego de Pesquera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jules Alexandre Daveau (29 February 1852, Argenteuil -- 24 August 1929) was a French botanist known for his investigations of Portuguese flora.	Jules Alexandre Daveau	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Miller, 5th Baronet (c. 1735--4 September 1816), was an English politician, MP for Lewes 1774--1778 and Portsmouth 1806--1816.	Sir Thomas Miller, 5th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Eduard Pons Prades (December 19, 1920 -- May 28, 2007), also known as Floreado Barsino, was a Spanish writer and historian, specializing in the 20th-century history of Spain.	Eduard Pons Prades	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Nattiez, OC, CQ, FRSC (French: (natje); born December 30, 1945, Amiens, France) is a musical semiologist or semiotician and professor of Musicology at the Université de Montréal.	Jean-Jacques Nattiez	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Beineix (born 8 October 1946) is a French film director and generally seen as the best example of what came to be called the cinéma du look.	Jean-Jacques Beineix	French
languages spoken or written	Gareth Hale (born 15 January 1953, South London) is an English comedian and actor, who is best known as one half of the comedy duo Hale and Pace, with his friend and comic partner Norman Pace.	Gareth Hale	English
languages spoken or written	Henryk Grynberg (born in 1936 in Warsaw) is a Polish-Jewish writer and actor who survived the Nazi occupation.	Henryk Grynberg	Polish
languages spoken or written	Eduard Lasker (originally Jizchak Lasker; 14 October 1829 -- 5 January 1884) was a German politician and jurist.	Eduard Lasker	German
languages spoken or written	Jan Boerstoel (born 3 November 1944, The Hague) is a Dutch writer and poet who is perhaps best known for his song texts, especially for cabaret.	Jan Boerstoel	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Bas Böttcher (born 1974 in Bremen, Germany) is a German slam poet.	Bas Böttcher	German
languages spoken or written	Jean de Maillard (born 15 August 1951 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Yvelines) is a French magistrate in Blois.	Jean de Maillard	French
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Garb (Hebrew: יהונתן גארב, born 1967) is an Israeli scholar of Kabbalah.	Jonathan Garb	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Since her international breakthrough, Anggun has released five English-language studio albums and six French-language studio albums, as well as a soundtrack album to the Danish film Open Hearts (2002).	Anggun	English
languages spoken or written	Travers Christmas Humphreys, QC (15 February 1901 -- 13 April 1983) was an English barrister who prosecuted several controversial cases in the 1940s and 1950s, and later became a judge at the Old Bailey.	Christmas Humphreys	English
languages spoken or written	Francisco Zumel (ca. 1540-1607) was a Spanish philosopher and ecclesiastic.	Francisco Zumel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Arthur Atherley (12 June 1772 -- 1 October 1844) was an English Member of Parliament, serving the Southampton constituency three times, as Whig, Liberal and Reformer.	Arthur Atherley	English
languages spoken or written	Amleto Vespa (1888-c.1941) was a mercenary and secret agent of Italian origin, who worked in Manchuria from 1922 to 1940, first for a local warlord, and then for the Empire of Japan.	Amleto Vespa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Yann Lovelock (born 11 February 1939) is an English writer and translator who later became a Buddhist interfaith worker.	Yann Lovelock	English
languages spoken or written	Kokichi Shimoinaba (April 29, 1926 -- February 17, 2014) was a Japanese politician and police chief.	Kokichi Shimoinaba	Japanese
languages spoken or written	David Harsent (born in Devon on 9 December 1942) is an English poet and TV scriptwriter.	David Harsent	English
languages spoken or written	Raffaele Ciferri (30 May 1897, Fermo -- 12 February 1964, Pavia) was an Italian botanist, agriculturalist and mycologist.	Raffaele Ciferri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rocío Banquells (Spanish pronunciation: (roˈsi.o βaŋˈkels); born María del Rocío Banquells Nuñez on June 22, 1958 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a Mexican pop singer and actress, best known for her work on television, the stage and cinema of Mexico and Latin America.	Rocío Banquells	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jordi Ramisa (born 6 October 1960) is a Catalan architect, a sculptor and a drawing professor.	Jordi Ramisa	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Otto Toeplitz (1 August 1881 -- 15 February 1940) was a German Jewish mathematician working in functional analysis.	Otto Toeplitz	German
languages spoken or written	Cesare Balbo, Conte di Vinadio (21 November 1789 -- 3 June 1853), was an Italian writer and statesman.	Cesare Balbo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Krystyna Krahelska ``Danuta'' (24 March 1914 - 2 August 1944) - was a Polish poet, ethnographer, member of the Home Army, and a participant in the Warsaw Uprising.	Krystyna Krahelska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sir Frederic Madden KH (16 February 1801 -- 8 March 1873) was an English palaeographer.	Frederic Madden	English
languages spoken or written	José Eduardo Verástegui Córdoba (Spanish pronunciation: (eˈðwarðo βeˈɾasteɣi); born May 21, 1974) is a Mexican actor, model, and singer.	Eduardo Verástegui	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Napoleone Colajanni (Castrogiovanni, April 27, 1847 -- Castrogiovanni, September 2, 1921) was an Italian writer, journalist, criminologist, socialist and politician.	Napoleone Colajanni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Conrad Alexandre Gérard de Rayneval (12 December 1729 -- 16 April 1790), also known as Conrad Alexandre Gérard, was a French diplomat, born at Masevaux in upper Alsace (now Haut-Rhin).	Conrad Alexandre Gérard de Rayneval	French
languages spoken or written	Madame Ravissa de Turin (b. late 18th century; died February 20, 1807) was an Italian singer and composer.	Madame Ravissa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Esperanza Roy (born 22 November 1935, in Madrid), is a Spanish actress.	Esperanza Roy	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hannu Mäkelä (born 18 August 1943 in Helsinki, Finland) is an author of more than 100 books in Finnish: novels, collections of short stories, edited anthologies and children's books.	Hannu Mäkelä	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Gattaz (born September 11, 1959 in Boulogne-Billancourt, France) is a French business executive.	Pierre Gattaz	French
languages spoken or written	Saint Alonso de Orozco Mena (17 October 1500 -- 19 September 1591) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest from the Augustinian order.	Alonso de Orozco Mena	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Isidora Sekulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Исидора Секулић, 16 February 1877 -- 5 April 1958) was a Serbian prose writer, novelist, essayist, adventurer, polyglot and art critic.	Isidora Sekulić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Roland, born Jürgen Schellack (25 December 1925 -- 21 September 2007) was a German film director.	Jürgen Roland	German
languages spoken or written	Eusebio Poncela (born 15 September 1947, Madrid) is a Spanish actor.	Eusebio Poncela	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Miguel Vilar-Bou (born April 5, 1979, Alfafar, Valencia) is a contemporary Spanish novelist, short story writer, and journalist, specializing in horror fiction, science-fiction and fantasy.	José Miguel Vilar-Bou	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jan Stanisław Bystroń (20 December 1892 in Kraków - 18 November 1964 in Warsaw) was a Polish sociologist and ethnographer.	Jan Stanisław Bystroń	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ignacio Jordán Claudio de Asso y del Río (June 4, 1742 -- May 21, 1814) was a Spanish diplomat, naturalist, lawyer and historian.	Ignacio Jordán Claudio de Asso y del Río	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Holcroft (10 December 1745 -- 23 March 1809) was an English dramatist and miscellaneous writer.	Thomas Holcroft	English
languages spoken or written	Audiovideoteca de Buenos Aires (Spanish) Osvaldo Dragún:	Osvaldo Dragún	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Roger Leenhardt (23 July 1903, Montpellier -- 4 December 1985, Paris) was a French writer and filmmaker.	Roger Leenhardt	French
languages spoken or written	Vincas Mickevičius (October 19, 1882 -- July 17, 1954), better known by his pen name Vincas Krėvė-Mickevičius, was a Lithuanian writer, poet, novelist, playwright and philologist.	Vincas Krėvė-Mickevičius	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Günther Uecker, also known as Guenther Uecker, (born 13 March 1930) is a German sculptor, op artist and installation artist.	Günther Uecker	German
languages spoken or written	Paolo Frisi (13 April 1728 -- 22 November 1784) was an Italian mathematician and astronomer.	Paolo Frisi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Teofilo Folengo (Italian pronunciation: (teˌɔːfilo foˈleŋɡo) or (foˈlɛŋɡo)) (November 8, 1491 -- December 9, 1544), who wrote under the pseudonym of Merlino Coccajo or Merlinus Coccaius, was one of the principal Italian macaronic poets.	Teofilo Folengo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Laurent Brenot (8 July 1913 -- 8 May 1998), was a French painter who also had a great activity in fashion and advertising.	Pierre-Laurent Brenot	French
languages spoken or written	Féréol Bonnemaison (died 1827) was a French portrait painter, lithographer, restorer, and art dealer.	Féréol Bonnemaison	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Jennens (1700 -- 20 November 1773) was an English landowner and patron of the arts.	Charles Jennens	English
languages spoken or written	Denis Scheck (born 15 December 1964) is a German literary critic and journalist.	Denis Scheck	German
languages spoken or written	Álvaro Jardón (born November 13, 1977 in Oviedo, Asturias) is a Spanish bassist, who played in the Power metal bands WarCry and Darna.	Álvaro Jardón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Richard Pare (born 20 February 1948 in Portsmouth, England) is an English photographer known for his work documenting Soviet modernist architecture.	Richard Pare	English
languages spoken or written	Conrad Felixmüller (21 May 1897 -- 24 March 1977) was a German expressionist painter and printmaker.	Conrad Felixmüller	German
languages spoken or written	Pál Schmitt (Hungarian: Schmitt Pál, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʃmitː ˈpaːl); born 13 May 1942) is a Hungarian Olympic fencer and politician who served as President of Hungary from 2010 to 2012.	Pál Schmitt	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Charles James Barnett (31 October 1796--31 December 1882) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1820 to 1837 and a Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1831 to 1835.	Charles James Barnett	English
languages spoken or written	Byung-Chul Han, also spelled Pyŏng-ch'ŏl Han, (born 1959 in Seoul) is a South Korean author, cultural theorist, and professor at the Universität der Künste Berlin (UdK) in Berlin.	Byung-Chul Han	Korean
languages spoken or written	Emil du Bois-Reymond (7 November 1818 -- 26 December 1896) was a German physician and physiologist, the discoverer of nerve action potential, and the father of experimental electrophysiology.	Emil du Bois-Reymond	German
languages spoken or written	John Baker Holroyd, 1st Earl of Sheffield (21 December 1735 -- 30 May 1821) was an English politician who came from a Yorkshire family, a branch of which had settled in the Kingdom of Ireland.	John Baker Holroyd, 1st Earl of Sheffield	English
languages spoken or written	Nahum Barnea (Hebrew: נחום ברנע‎) (born 1944) is an Israeli journalist.	Nahum Barnea	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Eric Burgess (1920 -- March 2005) was an English freelance consultant, lecturer and journalist, who wrote about the Pioneer program of space missions since the first tests in 1957.	Eric Burgess	English
languages spoken or written	Didier Eribon (born 10 July 1953) is a French author and philosopher, and a historian of French intellectual life.	Didier Eribon	French
languages spoken or written	Diego Marani (born 1959 in Ferrara) is an Italian novelist, translator, and newspaper columnist.	Diego Marani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marghanita Laski (24 October 1915 -- 6 February 1988) was an English journalist, radio panellist and novelist: she also wrote literary biography, plays and short stories.	Marghanita Laski	English
languages spoken or written	Felice Picano graduated cum laude from Queens College in 1964 with English department honors.	Felice Picano	English
languages spoken or written	Jas Gawronski (born on 7 February 1936) is an Italian journalist and politician.	Jas Gawronski	Italian
languages spoken or written	Arturo Toscanini (Italian: (arˈtuːro toskaˈniːni); March 25, 1867 -- January 16, 1957) was an Italian conductor.	Arturo Toscanini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dr. László Kákosy (Budapest, 15 August 1932 -- Budapest, 29 January 2003) was a Hungarian Egyptologist, a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	László Kákosy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Nahum Sokolow (Nahum ben Joseph Samuel Sokolow, Hebrew: נחום ט' סוקולוב‎ Nachum ben Yoseph Shmuel Soqolov, Yiddish: סאָקאָלאָוו‎, 10 January 1859 -- 17 May 1936) was a Zionist leader, author, translator, and a pioneer of Hebrew journalism.	Nahum Sokolow	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Yves Ternon (French: (tɛʁnɔ̃); born in 1932 in Saint-Mandé, France) is a French physician and medical historian, as well as an author of historical books about the Jewish Holocaust and the Armenian Genocide.	Yves Ternon	French
languages spoken or written	Enric Marco (born 1921 in Barcelona) is an impostor who claimed to have been a prisoner in Nazi German concentration camps Mauthausen and Flossenburg in World War II. He was awarded the Creu de Sant Jordi by the Catalan government in 2001 and wrote a book on his experiences.	Enric Marco	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Vittorio Bottego (Italian pronunciation: (vitˈtɔrjo ˈbɔtteɡo); Parma July 29, 1860 -- Daga Roba March 17, 1897) was an Italian army officer and one of the first Western explorers of Jubaland in the Horn of Africa (now part of Somalia), where he led two expeditions.	Vittorio Bottego	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alain Lombard (born 4 October 1940, Paris) is a French conductor.	Alain Lombard	French
languages spoken or written	Prosper-René Blondlot (3 July 1849 -- 24 November 1930) was a French physicist, best remembered for his mistaken ``discovery'' of N rays, a phenomenon that subsequently proved to be illusory.	Prosper-René Blondlot	French
languages spoken or written	Cristina del Valle (born 1 August 1962) is a Spanish singer and activist.	Cristina del Valle	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-François-Benjamin Dumont de Montigny, or Dumont de Montigny, was a colonial officer and farmer in French Louisiana in the 18th century.	Dumont de Montigny	French
languages spoken or written	Ernst Sellin (May 26, 1867 in Alt Schwerin -- January 1, 1946 in Epichnellen bei Eisenach) was a German Protestant theologian.	Ernst Sellin	German
languages spoken or written	Simone Waisbard was a French explorer who spent years in South and Central America, studying remnants of the many ancient civilizations and tribes that have lived there.	Simone Waisbard	French
languages spoken or written	María Concepción Enma Iranzo Martín (born 1 February 1959) is a pharmaceutical biochemist and Spanish politician.	Enma Iranzo Martín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	François Magendie (6 October 1783 -- 7 October 1855) was a French physiologist, considered a pioneer of experimental physiology.	François Magendie	French
languages spoken or written	Maurice Quentin de La Tour (5 September 1704 -- 17 February 1788) was a French Rococo portraitist who worked primarily with pastels.	Maurice Quentin de La Tour	French
languages spoken or written	Amalie Skram (22 August 1846 -- 15 March 1905) was a Norwegian author and feminist who gave voice to a woman's point of view with her naturalist writing.	Amalie Skram	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Zorayr Khalapyan (Armenian: Զորայր Երվանդի Խալափյան 1 August 1933 -- 18 August 2008), was an Armenian writer, novelist, dramaturgist.	Zorayr Khalapyan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Raúl Hernández Garrido (born 1964) is a Spanish playwright.	Raúl Hernández Garrido	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Yusuf al-Khal (Arabic: يوسف الخال‎; December 25, 1917 -- 1987) was a Lebanese poet of Syrian descent.	Yusuf al-Khal	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Doctor Pedro Barriere (? in Cuba -- May 18, 1827 in Milingo, El Salvador) was a Spanish colonial official in the province of El Salvador.	Pedro Barriere	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Emilio Prados (March 4, 1899 - April 24, 1962) was a Spanish poet and editor, a member of the Generation of '27.	Emilio Prados	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Riad Sattouf (Arabic: رياض سطوف‎; born 5 May 1978) is a French cartoonist, comics artist, and film director of Franco-Syrian origin.	Riad Sattouf	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Baptiste Charles Dancla (19 December 1817 -- 10 October 1907) was a French violinist, composer and teacher.	Charles Dancla	French
languages spoken or written	Suchitra Krishnamoorthi also provided the singing voice of Princess Jasmine in the Hindi dub of Disney's Aladdin.	Suchitra Krishnamoorthi	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Adolfo Suárez González, Duke of Suárez, Grandee of Spain KOGF OCIII (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈðolfo ˈswaɾeθ); 25 September 1932 -- 23 March 2014) was a Spanish attorney and politician.	Adolfo Suárez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Changeux (French: (ʃɑ̃ʒø); born 6 April 1936) is a French neuroscientist known for his research in several fields of biology, from the structure and function of proteins (with a focus on the allosteric proteins), to the early development of the nervous system up to cognitive functions.	Jean-Pierre Changeux	French
languages spoken or written	António Lobo Antunes, GCSE, MD (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈtɔniu ˈloβu ɐ̃ˈtunɨʃ)); born 1 September 1942) is a Portuguese novelist and medical doctor.	António Lobo Antunes	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić (pronounced (ǐv̞ana bř̩ːlit͡ɕ maʒǔranit͡ɕ); 18 April 1874 -- 21 September 1938) was a Croatian writer.	Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Paul Jacques Malouin (27 June 1701 Caen -- 3 January 1778 Versailles) was a French chemist and physicist.	Paul Jacques Malouin	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Ruffini (1807, Genoa - 1881) was an Italian poet of the early 19th century.	Giovanni Ruffini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Percy Grainger's father, John Grainger (1854--1917), was an English-born architect who emigrated to Australia in 1877.	Percy Grainger	English
languages spoken or written	Edgar Reitz (born 1 November 1932) is a German filmmaker and Professor of Film at the Staatliche Hochschule für Gestaltung (State University of Design) in Karlsruhe.	Edgar Reitz	German
languages spoken or written	Hermann Staudinger (23 March 1881 -- 8 September 1965) was a German chemist who demonstrated the existence of macromolecules, which he characterized as polymers.	Hermann Staudinger	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Gustav Emil Martin Niemöller (German: (ˈniːmœlɐ); 14 January 1892 -- 6 March 1984) was a German anti-Nazi theologian and Lutheran pastor.	Martin Niemöller	German
languages spoken or written	Aurelio Saffi (August 13, 1819 -- April 10, 1890: full name Marco Aurelio Saffi) was an Italian politician, active during the period of Italian unification.	Aurelio Saffi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Zang Kejia (Chinese: 臧克家; pinyin: Zāng Kèjiā; 8 October 1905 -- 5 February 2004) was a Chinese poet.	Zang Kejia	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Rafael Rivelles (23 December 1898 -- 3 December 1971) was a Spanish actor born in El Cabañal (also El Cabanyal), a small town in the province of Valencia, Spain.	Rafael Rivelles	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gilles de Corbeil (Latin: Egidius de Corbolio or Egidius Corboliensis; also Aegidius) was a French royal physician, teacher, and poet.	Gilles de Corbeil	Latin
languages spoken or written	Victor, Prince Napoléon, titular 4th Prince of Montfort (Napoléon Victor Jérôme Frédéric Bonaparte; 18 July 1862 -- 3 May 1926) was the Bonapartist pretender to the French throne from 1879 until his death in 1926.	Victor, Prince Napoléon	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Ramusio (Italian pronunciation: (dʒoˈvanni batˈtista raˈmuːzjo); July 20, 1485 -- July 10, 1557) was an Italian geographer and travel writer.	Giovanni Battista Ramusio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Minissha Lamba (born 18 January 1985) is an Indian actress who appears in Hindi films.	Minissha Lamba	Hindi
languages spoken or written	According to lawyer Alun Jones, representant of the Spanish justice during Spain's request to Great Britain for the extradition of Augusto Pinochet, Augusto Pinochet had planned an attack against Carlos Altamirano just after Franco's funerals in 1975.	Carlos Altamirano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Margie Sudre (born 17 October 1943 in Vinh, Vietnam) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for France's ``Outre-mer''.	Margie Sudre	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Hermes (12 February 1912 -- 10 November 2003) was a German mathematician and logician, who made significant contributions to the foundations of mathematical logic.	Hans Hermes	German
languages spoken or written	Camille Bombois (February 3, 1883 -- June 6, 1970) was a French naïve painter especially noted for paintings of circus scenes.	Camille Bombois	French
languages spoken or written	Hristo Smirnenski (Bulgarian: Христо Смирненски), born as Hristo Izmirliev, (September 17, 1898 OS - June 18, 1923) was a Bulgarian poet and prose writer.	Hristo Smirnenski	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Gottlob Ernst Schulze (23 August 1761 -- 14 January 1833) was a German philosopher, born in Heldrungen (modern-day Thuringia, Germany).	Gottlob Ernst Schulze	German
languages spoken or written	Israel Zolli (September 27, 1881 ‒ March 2, 1956), born Israel Anton Zoller, was an Austro-Hungarian Italian doctorate professor of philosophy and author.	Israel Zolli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Haig Acterian (also known under his pen name Mihail; March 5, 1904--c. August 8, 1943) was a Romanian film and theater director, critic, dramatist, poet, journalist, and fascist political activist.	Haig Acterian	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Cesare Pascarella (28 April 1858 - 8 May 1940), was an Italian dialect poet and a painter.	Cesare Pascarella	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nuccio Cusumano, (born Stefano Cusumano October 16, 1948) is an Italian politician whose most recent political appointment was to the Italian Senate (April 26, 2006 - April 28, 2008) on the roster of the UDEUR party as one of thirty representatives for the Campania constituency.	Stefano Cusumano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Arthur Rosenberg (1889--1943) was a German Marxist historian and writer.	Arthur Rosenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Jarjavay (1815--1868) was a French anatomist and surgeon who was a native of Savignac-les-Églises in the department of Dordogne.	Jean-François Jarjavay	French
languages spoken or written	José Olaguer Feliú y Ramírez (October 25, 1857 - November 21, 1929) was a Spanish Lieutenant General, Minister of War and politician.	José Olaguer Feliú	Spanish
licensed to broadcast to	WHNK is a silent broadcast radio station licensed to Parkersburg, West Virginia, serving Metro Parkersburg.	WHNK	Parkersburg, West Virginia
manufacturer	The Tata Indica is a supermini car produced by the Indian manufacturer Tata Motors since 1998.	Tata Indica	Tata Motors
member of political party	Hugh Conaghan (born 6 May 1926) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician and transport official.	Hugh Conaghan	Fianna Fáil
member of sports team	Oscar Wendt (born 24 October 1985) is a Swedish footballer who currently plays as a left back for Borussia Mönchengladbach and the Swedish national team.	Oscar Wendt	Borussia Mönchengladbach
military branch	John Kingsman Beling (October 29, 1919 -- November 5, 2010) was a retired Rear Admiral of the United States Navy whose final assignment was as Commander, Iceland Defense Force in the early 1970s.	John Kingsman Beling	United States Navy
military branch	Vice-Admiral Lord Hugh Seymour (29 April 1759 -- 11 September 1801) was a senior British Royal Navy officer of the late 18th century who was the fifth son of Francis Seymour-Conway, 1st Marquess of Hertford and became known for being both a prominent society figure and a highly competent naval officer.	Lord Hugh Seymour	Royal Navy
military branch	The 1st Battalion 9th Marines (1/9) was an infantry battalion of the United States Marine Corps.	1st Battalion 9th Marines	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Henry Washington Benham (April 17, 1813 -- July 1, 1884) was an American soldier and civil engineer who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Henry Washington Benham	Union Army
military branch	Albert Arthur GM was a Flying Officer with the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve during World War II. In 1944, he was awarded the George Medal (GM).	Albert Arthur	Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve
military branch	The 48th (South Midland) Division was an infantry division of the British Army, part of the Territorial Force raised in 1908.	48th (South Midland) Division	British Army
military branch	Frank Ebenezer Hill (July 31, 1880--September 23, 1932) was a United States Navy Ship's Cook First Class received the Medal of Honor for actions on board the USS Bennington (PG-4) off San Diego, California during a boiler explosion which killed 62 enlisted men and one officer.	Frank Ebenezer Hill	United States Navy
military branch	George Simmons (2 May 1785 -- 5 March 1858) was a British Army officer who served in the Napoleonic Wars and was wounded at the Battle of Waterloo while serving with the 95th Regiment of Foot (Rifles).	George Simmons	British Army
military branch	General Sir Henry Brackenbury GCB KCSI PC (1 September 1837 -- 20 April 1914) was a British Army officer who was assistant to Garnet Wolseley in the 1870s and became part of his 'Ring' of loyal officers.	Henry Brackenbury	British Army
military branch	Major-General Sir Alfred Edward Turner KCB (3 March 1842 -- 20 November 1918) was a British Army officer of the late nineteenth century, who served in administrative posts in Ireland.	Alfred Edward Turner	British Army
military branch	Richard B. Landolt is a retired Rear Admiral of the United States Navy.	Richard B. Landolt	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Arthur Butler (4 July 1843 -- 16 April 1916) was an English ornithologist and British Army officer.	Edward Arthur Butler	British Army
military branch	Frank Bruce (20 August 1879 -- 17 May 1919) was a sailor and an officer in the United States Navy who served during World War I.	Frank Bruce	United States Navy
military branch	General Sir Alfred Reade Godwin-Austen KCSI, CB, OBE, MC (17 April 1889 -- 20 March 1963) was a British Army officer.	Alfred Reade Godwin-Austen	British Army
military branch	Brigadier General Pedro N. Rivera, M.D. (born 1945) is a retired United States Air Force officer who in 1994 became the first Hispanic to be named medical commander in the Air Force.	Pedro N. Rivera	United States Air Force
military branch	Vice-Admiral the Hon. Charles Orlando Bridgeman (5 February 1791 -- 13 April 1860) was a Royal Navy officer who saw active service in the Napoleonic Wars and the Greek War of Independence.	Charles Orlando Bridgeman	Royal Navy
military branch	Stephen R. Lorenz (born 1951), is a retired United States Air Force four-star general who currently serves as president and chief executive officer of the United States Air Force Academy Endowment.	Stephen R. Lorenz	United States Air Force
military branch	158th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (South Wales Borderers) (158 RAC) was a short-lived armoured regiment of the British Army's Royal Armoured Corps serving in India during World War II.	158th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps	British Army
military branch	Henry J. Hendrix, PhD (born 1966) is an active duty United States Navy Captain who is serving as the Director of the Naval History and Heritage Command.	Henry J. Hendrix	United States Navy
military branch	Vice Admiral Kevin M. McCoy is a native of Long Island, New York and joined the United States Navy in 1977.	Kevin M. McCoy	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier Sir Charles Loftus Bates KCMG CB DSO (1863--1951) was a British Army officer who served in the Second Boer War and the First World War.	Charles Loftus Bates	British Army
military branch	Henry Pinckney McCain (January 23, 1861 -- July 25, 1941) was an officer in the United States Army who served as Adjutant General of the U.S. Army from 1914 to 1918.	Henry Pinckney McCain	United States Army
military branch	Amos Yaron (Hebrew: עמוס ירון‎; born April 1, 1940) was Israel Defense Forces Major General and former head of the Manpower Directorate.	Amos Yaron	Israel Defense Forces
military branch	F 2 Hägernäs, Roslagens Flygflottilj, Roslagen Air Force Wing, or simply ``F 2'', is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located on the east coast of Sweden just north of the capital Stockholm.	F 2 Hägernäs	Swedish Air Force
military branch	The Bergslagen Artillery Regiment (Swedish: Bergslagens artilleriregemente), designation A 9, was an artillery regiment of the Swedish Army, which was active from 1943 to 2000.	Bergslagen Artillery Regiment	Swedish Army
military branch	51st Infantry Brigade and Headquarters Scotland is an Adaptable Force Brigade of the British Army.	51st Infantry Brigade and Headquarters Scotland	British Army
military branch	The 16th The Queen's Lancers was a cavalry regiment of the British Army, first raised in 1759.	16th The Queen's Lancers	British Army
military branch	Rev. Walter Colton (May 9, 1797 -- 1851) was a Chaplain for the United States Navy, the Alcalde of Monterey, and the author of Three Years in California and Deck and Port.	Walter Colton	United States Navy
military branch	Lord Aubrey Beauclerk (c. 1710 -- 22 March 1741) was an officer of the Royal Navy.	Lord Aubrey Beauclerk	Royal Navy
military branch	John Minor Maury (1795 -- 23 June 1824) was a lieutenant in the United States Navy.	John Minor Maury	United States Navy
military branch	Ralph Chandler (23 August 1829 -- 9 February 1889) was a Rear Admiral of the United States Navy.	Ralph Chandler	United States Navy
military branch	Ian Samuel CMG CVO (20 August 1915 -- 26 December 2010) was a Royal Air Force pilot, British diplomat, and director of chemical and agrochemical trade associations.	Ian Samuel	Royal Air Force
military branch	The 22nd Guards Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw very distinguished active service during the Second World War.	22nd Guards Brigade	British Army
military branch	Erhard Milch (30 March 1892 -- 25 January 1972) was a German field marshal who oversaw the development of the Luftwaffe as part of the re-armament of Germany following World War I, and served as founding Director of Deutsche Luft Hansa.	Erhard Milch	Luftwaffe
military branch	The Border Regiment was a line infantry infantry regiment of the British Army, which was formed in 1881 under the Childers Reforms by the amalgamation of the 34th (Cumberland) Regiment of Foot and the 55th (Westmorland) Regiment of Foot.	Border Regiment	British Army
military branch	Rear Admiral Edward Ellsberg, OBE (November 21, 1891 -- January 24, 1983) was an officer in the United States Navy and a popular author.	Edward Ellsberg	United States Navy
military branch	Bolden Reush Harrison (April 26, 1886 -- January 26, 1952) was a United States Navy seaman received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Moro Uprising.	Bolden Reush Harrison	United States Navy
military branch	Patrick McGunigal (May 30, 1876 -- January 19, 1936) was a sailor in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I.	Patrick McGunigal	United States Navy
military branch	Edward C. Daly born 27 April 1914 in Pink Hill, North Carolina, enlisted in the United States Navy 13 February 1934.	Edward C. Daly	United States Navy
military branch	Rear Admiral Napoleon Collins (4 March 1814 -- 9 August 1875) served in the United States Navy during the Mexican--	Napoleon Collins	United States Navy
military branch	Philip Joseph Cox (28 September 1922 - 14 November 2014) was a Royal Navy officer of the Second World War who was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions against enemy submarines.	Philip Joseph Cox	Royal Navy
military branch	Jonathan Scott Gration is an American retired Major General of the United States Air Force, who worked as a policy advisor to President Barack Obama.	Scott Gration	United States Air Force
military branch	The Chief of Naval Personnel (CNP) is responsible for overall manpower readiness for the United States Navy.	Chief of Naval Personnel	United States Navy
military branch	John Otto Siegel (April 21, 1892 -- August 15, 1943) was a United States Navy Boatswain's Mate Second Class who earned the Medal of Honor for extraordinary heroism while serving on board of the Mohawk (YT-17) during World War I.	John Otto Siegel	United States Navy
military branch	Abbas Babaei (Persian: عباس بابایی‎‎) (5 December 1950 -- 6 August 1987) was an Iranian pilot and Brigadier General in the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force, during the Iran-Iraq War.	Abbas Babaei	Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force
military branch	Francis Amasa Walker (July 2, 1840 -- January 5, 1897) was an American economist, statistician, journalist, educator, academic administrator, and military officer in the Union Army.	Francis Amasa Walker	Union Army
military branch	Henry Louis Bouquet, generally known as Henry Bouquet (1719 -- 2 September 1765) was a prominent British Army officer in the French and Indian War and Pontiac's War.	Henry Bouquet	British Army
military branch	General Sir George Alexander Weir KCB, CMG, DSO (1 December 1876 -- 15 November 1951) was a British Army officer who served in the Second Boer War and World War I.	George Alexander Weir	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant General Gerardus Johannes Berenschot (Solok, July 24, 1887 -- Kemayoran, Batavia (Jakarta), October 13, 1941) was Commander-in_Chief of the Koninklijk Nederlands Indisch Leger (Royal Netherlands East Indies Army; KNIL).	Gerardus Johannes Berenschot	Royal Netherlands East Indies Army
military branch	Richard Stout (1836 -- August 6, 1896) was a Union Navy sailor during the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Stono River.	Richard Stout	Union Navy
military branch	The Vice Chief of Naval Operations (VCNO) is the second highest-ranking commissioned officer in the United States Navy.	Vice Chief of Naval Operations	United States Navy
military branch	Richard George Voge (4 May 1904 -- 1948), born in Chicago, Illinois, was an officer in the United States Navy.	Richard George Voge	United States Navy
military branch	The 88th Regiment of Foot (Connaught Rangers) (``the Devil's Own'') was an infantry Regiment of the British Army, one of eight Irish regiments raised and garrisoned in Ireland.	88th Regiment of Foot (Connaught Rangers)	British Army
military branch	Major-General Thomas Brodie, CB, CBE, DSO (20 November 1903 -- 1 September 1993) was a British Army soldier who saw service in World War II, Palestine and the Korean War.	Thomas Brodie	British Army
military branch	General William Twiss, (1745 -- 14 March 1827), was a British Army Royal Engineer, responsible for the design of many military defences.	William Twiss	British Army
military branch	The 33rd Army Tank Brigade (later 33rd Tank Brigade) was an armoured brigade formation of the British Army raised during World War II.	33rd Tank Brigade	British Army
military branch	Major-General John Harold Owen Wilsey CB CBE DSO (1904 -- 20 July 1961) was a British Army officer who commanded 2nd Division.	John Harold Owen Wilsey	British Army
military branch	General Sir William Houston, 1st Baronet GCB GCH (10 August 1766 -- 8 April 1842) was a General in the British Army and the Governor of Gibraltar.	Sir William Houston, 1st Baronet	British Army
military branch	William Michael Crose (February 8, 1867 -- April 4, 1929) was a United States Navy Captain and the seventh Naval Governor of American Samoa, from November 10, 1910 to March 14, 1913.	William Michael Crose	United States Navy
military branch	856 Naval Air Squadron (856 NAS) was a Naval Air Squadron of the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm.	856 Naval Air Squadron	Royal Navy
military branch	The 43rd (Monmouthshire) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army.	43rd (Monmouthshire) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Brigadier General Philip Maud CMG, CBE (8 August 1870 -- 28 February 1947) was an English officer of the British Army, who is most notable for setting the Maud Line, an imaginary border in Kenya, which set the original position of the disputed Ilemi Triangle.	Philip Maud	British Army
military branch	The 58th Special Operations Wing (58 SOW) is a combat unit of the United States Air Force stationed at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico.	58th Special Operations Wing	United States Air Force
military branch	Admiral George Losack (d. 19 September 1829) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who saw service in the American Revolutionary War the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	George Losack	Royal Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir John Borlase Warren, 1st Baronet GCB GCH PC (2 September 1753 -- 27 February 1822) was a British Royal Navy officer, politician and diplomat.	John Borlase Warren	Royal Navy
military branch	Franklin Wharton (July 23, 1767 -- September 1, 1818) was the third Commandant of the United States Marine Corps.	Franklin Wharton	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Wayne Maurice Caron (November 2, 1946 -- July 28, 1968) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Vietnam War.	Wayne Maurice Caron	United States Navy
military branch	Eugene L. Tattini (born April 5, 1943) is a retired Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force and served as Deputy Director of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory from July 2001 to September 2013.	Eugene L. Tattini	United States Air Force
military branch	Konrad Zeller (9 September 1911 -- 24 January 1996) was a Major der Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Konrad Zeller	Wehrmacht
military branch	Major Friedrich Lang (12 January 1915 -- 29 December 2003) was a German World War II Luftwaffe Stuka ace.	Friedrich Lang	Luftwaffe
military branch	Capt Wilma Leona Jackson was the third Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps, serving in that position from 1954 to 1958.	Wilma Leona Jackson	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant Commander John Eldridge, Jr., USN (10 October 1903 -- 2 November 1942) was a United States Navy officer who received the Navy Cross posthumously for his role in the U.S. invasion of the Solomon Islands during World War II.	John Eldridge, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	Alan Hardaker (29 July 1912 − 4 March 1980) was an English football administrator for the Football League, a wartime Royal Navy officer, and previously an amateur footballer.	Alan Hardaker	Royal Navy
military branch	Major-General Sir John Charles Ardagh KCMG KCIE CB (9 August 1840 -- 30 September 1907), was an Anglo-Irish officer of the British Army, who served as a military engineer, surveyor, intelligence officer, and colonial administrator.	John Charles Ardagh	British Army
military branch	Renato Sandalli (25 February 1897 -- 23 October 1968) was an Italian Air Force general that led Regia Aeronautica between 27 July 1943 to 18 June 1944.	Renato Sandalli	Regia Aeronautica
military branch	Major-General Anthony Peter Grant Peterkin CB OBE (born 6 July 1947) is a retired senior British Army officer.	Peter Grant Peterkin	British Army
military branch	Admiral James Vashon (9 August 1742 -- 27 October 1827) was a British officer of the Royal Navy.	James Vashon	Royal Navy
military branch	Naib Subedar Chuni Lal, AC, VrC, SM was a soldier of 8th Battalion of Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry (8 JAK LI) of Indian Army.	Chuni Lal	Indian Army
military branch	Edward Eden Bradford joined the Royal Navy as a cadet in 1872, serving on the modern ironclad battleships Hercules, Monarch, and Sultan in the Channel Fleet.	Edward Eden Bradford	Royal Navy
military branch	Shahid Karimullah (born 14 February 1948 in Urdu: شاهد كريم الله ; TI(M), SI(M), HI(M), NI(M), SJ), is a retired four-star admiral who served as the Chief of Naval Staff (CNS), commanded Pakistan Navy from 2002 to 2005.	Shahid Karimullah	Pakistan Navy
military branch	Anthony A. Smalley (1836 -- 24 January 1894) was an ensign in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.	Anthony A. Smalley	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-Colonel William Blacker (1 September 1777 -- 25 November 1855) was a British Army officer, Commissioner of the Treasury of Ireland, and author.	William Blacker	British Army
military branch	The 317th Troop Carrier Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit.	317th Troop Carrier Group	United States Air Force
military branch	William Faxon (1822--1883) was a journalist who served as chief clerk of the United States Navy from 1861 to 1866 and as United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy from 1866 until 1869.	William Faxon	United States Navy
military branch	The Palestine Regiment was an infantry regiment of the British Army that was formed in 1942.	Palestine Regiment	British Army
military branch	The 87th (Royal Irish Fusiliers) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1793 and amalgamated into the Princess Victoria's (Royal Irish Fusiliers) in 1881.	87th (Royal Irish Fusiliers) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	The Glider Pilot Regiment was a British airborne forces unit of the Second World War which was responsible for crewing the British Army's military gliders and saw action in the European Theatre of World War II in support of Allied airborne operations.	Glider Pilot Regiment	British Army
military branch	The 82nd Regiment of Foot (Prince of Wales's Volunteers) was an infantry regiment of the British Army, created in 1793 and amalgamated into The Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) in 1881.	82nd Regiment of Foot (Prince of Wales's Volunteers)	British Army
military branch	The 27th Armoured Brigade was an armoured brigade of the British Army that served in World War II and played a crucial role in the D-Day landings on 6 June 1944 and the following Battle of Normandy until disbandment in late 1944.	27th Armoured Brigade	British Army
military branch	Johan J. Johansson (May 12, 1870 -- December 4, 1948) was an ordinary seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	Johan J. Johansson	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier General Joseph V. Medina (born c. 1953) is a United States Marine Corps General whose career has taken him from an initial posting leading a rifle platoon to head of the contingency plans branch overseeing NATO's Kosovo operation.	Joseph V. Medina	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Sir Robert Pigot, 6th Baronet DSO MC (3 May 1882 -- 27 December 1977) was a British Army and later Royal Air Force officer who served in both world wars	Sir Robert Pigot, 6th Baronet	British Army
military branch	Commander, U.S. Fleet Forces Command (COMFLTFORCOM), is the title of the United States Navy officer who serves as the commanding officer of the United States Fleet Forces Command.	Commander, U.S. Fleet Forces Command	United States Navy
military branch	Joe Fowler (July 9, 1894 - December 6, 1993) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy, who after his retirement had an important role in overseeing the construction of Disneyland and Walt Disney World.	Joe Fowler	United States Navy
military branch	The 86th (Royal County Down) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1793 and amalgamated into The Royal Irish Rifles following the Childers Reforms in 1881.	86th (Royal County Down) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Field Marshal Sir John Forster FitzGerald, GCB (c.1785 -- 24 March 1877), was a soldier from Ireland who served as an officer in the British Army.	John Forster FitzGerald	British Army
military branch	Group Captain Brian Paddon DSO (born 24 August 1908), was a Royal Air Force pilot who became a Prisoner of War and successfully escaped from Colditz Castle during the Second World War	Brian Paddon	Royal Air Force
military branch	Admiral The Honourable Henry John Rous (23 January 1795 -- 19 June 1877) was an officer of the British Royal Navy, who served during the Napoleonic Wars, and was later a Member of Parliament and a leading figure in horse racing.	Henry John Rous	Royal Navy
military branch	Richard Franchot (June 2, 1816 -- November 23, 1875) was a U.S. Representative from New York and then an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Richard Franchot	Union Army
military branch	Francis Cogswell (August 19, 1887 -- September 22, 1939) was a captain in the United States Navy who served in World War I and was a Navy Cross recipient.	Francis Cogswell	United States Navy
military branch	James E. McPherson (born c. 1955) is a retired United States Navy officer, and served as the 39th Judge Advocate General of the Navy, from 2004 to 2006.	James E. McPherson	United States Navy
military branch	Richard F. Abel is a retired Brigadier General in the United States Air Force.	Richard F. Abel	United States Air Force
mother	Guy II of Ponthieu (c. 1120--25 December 1147) was the son of William III of Ponthieu and Helie of Burgundy.	Guy II of Ponthieu	Helie of Burgundy
mother	Isabella Jagiellon (Hungarian: Izabella királyné; Polish: Izabela Jagiellonka; 18 January 1519 -- 15 September 1559) was the oldest child of Polish King Sigismund I the Old and his Italian wife Bona Sforza.	Isabella Jagiellon	Bona Sforza
mother	Mette Newth was born in Oslo as the daughter of journalist, crime writer and revue writer Fridtjof Knutsen and his wife Alfhild Gundersen (known as the crime writer Lalli Knutsen, and under the pseudonym Lalli Løvland).	Mette Newth	Lalli Knutsen
mother	Maximilian, Duke of Hohenberg (29 September 1902 -- 8 January 1962), was the eldest son of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria-Hungary, and his wife Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg.	Maximilian, Duke of Hohenberg	Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg
mother	Peter Antonovich of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1745--1798), was the second son of Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick and Grand Duchess Anna Leopoldovna of Russia, and younger brother of Ivan VI.	Peter Antonovich of Brunswick	Anna Leopoldovna
mother	Nellie Grant (July 4, 1855 -- August 30, 1922) was the third child and only daughter of U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant and First Lady Julia Grant.	Nellie Grant	Julia Grant
mother	Johanna of Hanau-Lichtenberg, Countess of Eberstein (1507 -- 27 January 1572) was a German noblewoman, the eldest daughter of Philipp III, Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg (18 October 1482 -- 15 May 1538) and Margravine Sibylle of Baden (26 April 1485 -- 10 July 1518).	Johanna of Hanau-Lichtenberg, Countess of Eberstein	Sibylle of Baden
mother	Shahzadi Zubdat-un-Nissa Begum (2 September 1651 -- 17 February 1707) was a Mughal princess and the third daughter of Emperor Aurangzeb and his Empress consort Dilras Banu Begum.	Zubdat-un-Nissa	Dilras Banu Begum
mother	If Bragi's mother is Frigg, then Frigg is somewhat dismissive of Bragi in the Lokasenna in stanza 27 when Frigg complains that if she had a son in Ægir's hall as brave as Baldr then Loki would have to fight for his life.	Bragi	Frigg
mother	Alexander Soros is the son of billionaire George Soros and Susan Weber Soros.	Alexander Soros	Susan Weber Soros
mother	Ingibiorg Finnsdottir (Standard Old Norse: Ingibjörg Finnsdóttir) was a daughter of Earl Finn Arnesson and Bergljot Halvdansdottir (Halfdansdottir), a niece of the Norwegian Kings Saint Olaf and Harald Hardraade.	Ingibiorg Finnsdottir	Bergljot Halvdansdottir
mother	Tullia Ciceronis, also Tulliola (as affectionately known to her father; 5 August 79 BC or 78 BC -- February 45 BC) was the only daughter and first child to Roman orator and politician Marcus Tullius Cicero from his first marriage to Terentia.	Tullia Ciceronis	Terentia
mother	Patrick Hemingway (born June 28, 1928) is Ernest Hemingway's second son, and the first born to Hemingway's second wife Pauline Pfeiffer.	Patrick Hemingway	Pauline Pfeiffer
mother	François de Bourbon, Prince of Conti (19 August 1558 -- 3 August 1614) was the third son of Louis de Bourbon, Prince of Condé, a junior line of the House of Bourbon, and his first wife Eléanor de Roucy de Roye).	François de Bourbon, Prince of Conti	Eléanor de Roucy de Roye
mother	In the most well-known version of the myth, Oedipus was born to King Laius and Queen Jocasta.	Oedipus	Jocasta
mother	Jean de Dunois (23 November 1402 -- 24 November 1468), also called John of Orléans and Jean de Duno (Jean d'Orléans), was the illegitimate son of Louis I, Duke of Orléans, by Mariette d'Enghien.	Jean de Dunois	Mariette d'Enghien
mother	Bertrade de Montfort (c. 1070 -- 14 February 1117) was the daughter of Simon I de Montfort and Agnes, Countess of Evreux.	Bertrade de Montfort	Agnes, Countess of Evreux
mother	In Greek mythology, Iynx was an Arkadian Oreiad nymph; a daughter of the god Pan and either Peitho or Echo.	Iynx	Peitho
mother	Suzanne Farrington (née Holman; 10 October 1933 -- 1 March 2015) was the only child of Vivien Leigh and Leigh's first husband, Herbert Leigh Holman.	Suzanne Farrington	Vivien Leigh
mother	Louise Bénédicte de Bourbon (Anne Louise Bénédicte; 8 November 1676 -- 23 January 1753), was the daughter of Henri Jules de Bourbon, Prince of Condé and Anne Henriette of Bavaria.	Louise Bénédicte de Bourbon	Anne Henriette of Bavaria
mother	Christian Gyldenløve (Copenhaguen, 28 February 1674 - Odense, 16 July 1703), was one of five illegitimate children fathered by Christian V of Denmark with Sophie Amalie Moth.	Christian Gyldenløve	Sophie Amalie Moth
mother	Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Nathalie Xenia Margrethe Benedikte; born 2 May 1975, in Copenhagen, Denmark) is the youngest daughter of Prince Richard of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and Princess Benedikte of Denmark and niece of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and Queen Anne-Marie of Greece.	Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg	Princess Benedikte of Denmark
mother	Nero Claudius Drusus, later Drusus Julius Caesar (adoptive name; 13 BC -- 14 September AD 23), was the only child of Roman Emperor Tiberius and his first wife, Vipsania Agrippina.	Drusus Julius Caesar	Vipsania Agrippina
mother	Kim Sul-song, or Kim Seol-song (born December 30, 1974), is the daughter of North Korea's former leader Kim Jong-Il and Kim Young-sook.	Kim Sul-song	Kim Young-sook
mother	François-Victor Hugo (28 October 1828 -- 26 December 1873) was the fourth of five children of French novelist Victor Hugo and his wife Adèle Foucher.	François-Victor Hugo	Adèle Foucher
mother	Ramesses VI Nebmaatre-Meryamun (also written Ramses and Rameses) was the fifth ruler of the Twentieth dynasty of Egypt who reigned from 1145 BC to 1137 BC and a son of Ramesses III by Iset Ta-Hemdjert.	Ramesses VI	Iset Ta-Hemdjert
mother	Alice of Armenia (1182 -- after 1234) was the eldest daughter of Ruben III, Prince of Armenia and his wife Isabella of Toron.	Alice of Armenia	Isabella of Toron
mother	Alma Manon Gropius (October 5, 1916 -- April 22, 1935) was the daughter of the architect Walter Gropius and the composer and diarist Alma Mahler and the stepdaughter of the novelist and poet Franz Werfel.	Manon Gropius	Alma Mahler
mouth of the watercourse	Merriwa River rises on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, below Oxleys Peak, north of Merriwa and flows generally south, joined by eight minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Goulburn River below Mount Kerrabee.	Merriwa River	Goulburn River
narrative location	City Hero is a 1985 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Dennis Yu and starring Dean Shek, Mark Cheng, Bennett Pang, Anthony Tang, Billy Lau and Michael Wong.	City Hero	Hong Kong
narrative location	The longest-running television soap opera produced by the BBC, Pobol y Cwm was originally transmitted on BBC Wales television and later transferred to the Welsh-language station S4C when it opened in November 1982.	Pobol y Cwm	Wales
narrative location	A Suitable Boy is set in a newly post-independence, post-partition India.	A Suitable Boy	India
narrative location	Six Degrees (or 6˚ ) is an American dramatic television series about six residents of New York City and their respective relationships and connections with one another, based on the idea of six degrees of separation.	Six Degrees	New York City
narrative location	Sabaka is a 1954 American adventure film written, directed and co-produced by Frank Ferrin that was shot on location in India.	Sabaka	India
narrative location	Marius and Jeannette live in the same working-class apartment complex in Marseille, in close proximity with their neighbors.	Marius and Jeannette	Marseille
narrative location	Beat Street is an American 1984 drama film featuring New York City hip hop culture of the early 1980s; breakdancing, DJing, and graffiti.	Beat Street	New York City
narrative location	Faithfully Yours is a 1988 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Wa-kei and starring Jacky Cheung, Max Mok, Stephen Chow and Sharla Cheung.	Faithfully Yours	Hong Kong
narrative location	Mismatched Couples (aka Love Meets the Match) is a 1985 Hong Kong action romantic comedy film directed by Yuen Woo-ping and starring himself alongside Donnie Yen.	Mismatched Couples	Hong Kong
narrative location	As a representative for his associates Meyer Lansky and Charlie Luciano, Bugsy is in California to wrestle control of betting parlors away from Los Angeles gangster Jack Dragna.	Bugsy	Los Angeles
narrative location	Because Olympus Has Fallen was filmed so far from its actual setting of Washington, D.C., the entire production relied heavily upon visual effects, particularly computer-generated imagery.	Olympus Has Fallen	Washington, D.C.
narrative location	The Mandala of Sherlock Holmes (published in the U.S. as Sherlock Holmes: The Missing Years) is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Jamyang Norbu, originally published in India in 1999.	The Mandala of Sherlock Holmes	India
narrative location	From the Rough is a sports drama film based on the true story of Catana Starks, a former Tennessee State Tigers swim coach, who became the first woman ever to coach a college men's golf team.	From the Rough	Tennessee
narrative location	The Magical Adventures of Quasimodo is an animated television series based on Victor Hugo's novel Notre Dame de Paris.	The Magical Adventures of Quasimodo	Paris
narrative location	The Man Who Loved Dirty Books is a crime novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1970s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	The Man Who Loved Dirty Books	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Set in 19th century London, Jack Maggs is a reworking of the Charles Dickens novel Great Expectations.	Jack Maggs	London
narrative location	Shadow in the Mirror is a crime novel by the American writer Robert Aiello set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Shadow in the Mirror	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Don't Be Tardy is an American reality television series starring former Real Housewives of Atlanta cast member Kim Zolciak.	Don't Be Tardy	Atlanta
narrative location	Tom, Dick and Hairy is a 1993 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Lee Chi-ngai and Peter Chan and starring Tony Leung Chiu-wai, Tony Leung Ka-fai and Lawrence Cheng as the three titular protagonists.	Tom, Dick and Hairy	Hong Kong
narrative location	Black Dynamite was shot in the Leimert Park and Angeles Vista sections of Los Angeles over twenty days, with several green-screen days and one reshoot day.	Black Dynamite	Los Angeles
narrative location	Infernal Affairs is a 2002 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.	Infernal Affairs	Hong Kong
narrative location	Kat Arujo (Annabeth Gish), Daisy Arujo (Julia Roberts), and Jojo Barbosa (Lili Taylor), who are waitresses at Mystic Pizza in Mystic, Connecticut.	Mystic Pizza	Connecticut
narrative location	The Last Conflict is a 1988 Hong Kong action crime thriller television film produced by TVB directed by Raymond Lee and starring Donnie Yen, Adia Chan, Francis Ng, Stephen Chow, Lau Kong and Andy Tai.	The Last Conflict	Hong Kong
narrative location	The novel is set over four days in London, where homeless 22-year-old Ripley Bogle aimlessly wanders the streets and, with angry satire, reflects on his life, directly addressing the reader.	Ripley Bogle	London
narrative location	The Case of Jennie Brice is a crime novel by the American writer Mary Roberts Rinehart (1876--1956) set in 1904 in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, which has been a part of the city of Pittsburgh since 1907.	The Case of Jennie Brice	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Exterior location scenes for Any Wednesday were filmed in Manhattan, New York City.	Any Wednesday	New York City
narrative location	A Simple Life (Chinese: 桃姐; Jyutping: Tou4 Ze2), also known as Sister Peach, is a 2011 Hong Kong drama film directed by Ann Hui and starring Andy Lau and Deanie Ip.	A Simple Life	Hong Kong
narrative location	The film is set in Delhi, where four ``Fukrey'' (a colloquial Punjabi term for slackers) boys, come together to make easy money.	Fukrey	Delhi
narrative location	Im Angesicht des Verbrechens is a German television series about the Russian mafia in Berlin.	Im Angesicht des Verbrechens	Berlin
narrative location	Mahalingam (Nassar), an industrialist in Chennai and a friend of Singam's father, comes to the village with his daughter Kavya (Anushka Shetty).	Singam	Chennai
narrative location	Danger Bay is a Canadian television series, produced in Vancouver, with first-run episodes broadcast on CBC Television and The Disney Channel starting October 7, 1985.	Danger Bay	Vancouver
narrative location	Set in the seedy parts of New York City, Killer Condom follows gay Detective Luigi Mackeroni (Udo Samel), who has been hired to investigate a series of bizarre attacks at the Hotel Quickie in which male guests have all had their penises mysteriously bitten off.	Killer Condom	New York City
narrative location	After four seasons, Rhoda left Minneapolis and returned to her original hometown of New York City.	Rhoda	New York City
narrative location	Into the Gauntlet begins as Amy and Dan Cahill enter a London hotel tired and with no lead whatsoever.	Into the Gauntlet	London
narrative location	Adam & Paul is a 2004 Irish film which follows a day in the life of two Dublin drug addicts, Adam and Paul, as they wander around Dublin trying to score heroin.	Adam & Paul	Dublin
narrative location	Although the documentary didn't mention The Jackie Thomas Show, the Los Angeles Times' Jeff Kaye said that ``the documentary unveils a real-life, parallel universe to the new series.''	The Jackie Thomas Show	Los Angeles
narrative location	Protecting Our Children is a British documentary television series about social workers in the child protection department in Bristol.	Protecting Our Children	Bristol
narrative location	Rocketship X-M tells the story of a Moon expedition that, through a series of unforeseen events, winds up traveling instead to distant Mars.	Rocketship X-M	Mars
narrative location	The Heartland Series was conceived in 1984 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park with a special series celebrating the people and land of the Southern Appalachian Mountains.	The Heartland Series	Appalachian Mountains
native language	François-Henri Désérable (born Amiens, France, 6 February 1987) is a French author and a former professional ice hockey player.	François-Henri Désérable	French
native language	Roger Pierre (30 August 1923 in Paris, France -- 23 January 2010) was a French comedic actor.	Roger Pierre	French
native language	Émile Brami (born April 19, 1950) is a French writer and bookseller of Tunisian origin.	Émile Brami	French
native language	Augustin Laurent (9 September 1896 -- 1 October 1990) was a French coal miner, journalist and socialist politician.	Augustin Laurent	French
native language	Darry Cowl (born André Darricau; 27 August 1925 -- 14 February 2006) was a French actor and musician.	Darry Cowl	French
native language	Ngalandou Diouf (var. Galandou Diouf) (14 September 1875 - 6 August 1941) born in Saint-Louis Senegal, was the first African elected official from the advent of colonialism in the territory of French West Africa.	Ngalandou Diouf	French
native language	Rémy Montagne (January 9, 1917 -- January 10, 1991) was a French lawyer, politician and media proprietor.	Rémy Montagne	French
native language	Antoine-Guillaume Rampon (16 March 1759 - 2 March 1842) joined the French army as a private soldier and rose in rank to become a general officer during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Antoine-Guillaume Rampon	French
native language	Armand Lunel (9 June 1892 -- 3 November 1977) was a French writer and the last known speaker of Shuadit (Judeo-Provençal), a now-extinct Occitan language.	Armand Lunel	French
native language	Ahmed-Idriss Moussa (born January 1, 1933 in Djibouti) is a politician from Djibouti who served in the French National Assembly from 1962-1967.	Ahmed-Idriss Moussa	French
native language	Richard Millet (1953 - ) is a French author.	Richard Millet	French
native language	Hervé Roullet (7 September 1947) is a composer and French Catholic writer.	Hervé Roullet	French
native language	Jean-Richard Bloch (May 25, 1884 -- March 15, 1947) was a French critic, novelist and playwright.	Jean-Richard Bloch	French
native language	Robert Brasillach (French pronunciation: (ʁɔbɛʁ bʁazijak)) (31 March 1909 -- 6 February 1945) was a French author and journalist.	Robert Brasillach	French
native language	Pierre Louis Prieur (Prieur de la Marne) (1 August 1756 -- 31 May 1827) was a French lawyer elected to the Estates-General of 1789.	Pierre Louis Prieur	French
native language	François-Nicholas-Madeleine Morlot (Dec 28, 1795, Langres -- Dec 29, 1862, Paris) was a French Catholic Archbishop of Paris, from 1857 to 1862, and Cardinal.	François-Nicholas-Madeleine Morlot	French
native language	Pierre Ceyrac (born 18 September 1946 in Douai, Nord) was a longstanding friend of Jean Marie Le Pen who served the French Front National Party first as a Deputy (1986) to the National Assembly of France, and then (1988) as a Member of the European Parliament.	Pierre Ceyrac	French
native language	Ralf Walter (born on 15 March 1958 in Andernach) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Social Democratic Party of Germany, part of the Socialist Group and is vice-chair of the European Parliament's Committee on Budgets.	Ralf Walter	German
native language	Ambroise Vollard (3 July 1866 -- 21 July 1939) is regarded as one of the most important dealers in French contemporary art at the beginning of the twentieth century.	Ambroise Vollard	French
native language	Helmut Heiderich (born 4 February 1949 Lautenhausen, Germany) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), and a member of Bundestag.	Helmut Heiderich	German
native language	Élodie Frégé is a French singer and actress.	Élodie Frégé	French
native language	Bernard Verlhac (21 August 1957 -- 7 January 2015), known by the pseudonym Tignous (French: (tiɲus)), was a French cartoonist.	Tignous	French
native language	Christian Bourquin (French: (buʁkɛ̃); 7 October 1954 -- 26 August 2014) was a French politician, a member of the Socialist Party.	Christian Bourquin	French
native language	Françoise Xenakis (born Françoise Gargouïl, 27 September 1930) is a French novelist and journalist, born in Blois, Loir-et-Cher.	Françoise Xenakis	French
native language	Pierre Garnier de Laboissière (11 March 1755 -- 14 April 1809) commanded a French infantry division during the War of the Second Coalition.	Pierre Garnier de Laboissière	French
native language	Jean-Paul Clébert (born 23 February 1926 -- 21 September 2011) was a French writer.	Jean-Paul Clébert	French
native language	Guillaume Dasquié (b. Cahors, 4 February 1966) is a French journalist and writer who specialises in matters of intelligence and terrorism.	Guillaume Dasquié	French
native language	Jacqueline Francell (Paris, 24 March 1908 -- Neuilly-sur-Seine, 12 October 1962) was a French singer, stage and film actress.	Jacqueline Francell	French
native language	Gérard Boulanger (born October 1948) is a French lawyer and human rights activist.	Gérard Boulanger	French
native language	Bernard Fresson (27 May 1931 -- 20 October 2002) was a French cinema actor.	Bernard Fresson	French
native language	Louis Marchegay (5 October 1869 Rochefort -- 15 September 1933, Saint-Germain-de-Prinçay), was a French politician.	Louis Marchegay	French
native language	Christian Bouchet (born 17 January 1955 in Angers, Maine-et-Loire) is a French far right journalist and politician.	Christian Bouchet	French
native language	Patrice Tirolien (born 17 March 1946 in Grand-Bourg, Guadeloupe) is a French politician who served in the French National Assembly from 1995--1997 and is also a Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the Overseas constituency.	Patrice Tirolien	French
native language	Fily Dabo Sissoko was a Malian author and political leader, born 15 May 1900 at Horokoto (French Soudan, now in Mali's Bafoulabé Cercle).	Fily Dabo Sissoko	French
native language	Joseph Malègue (8 December 1876 -- 30 December 1940), was a French catholic novelist, principally author of Augustin ou le Maître est là (1933) and Pierres noires.	Joseph Malègue	French
native language	Edmond François Valentin About (14 February 1828 -- 16 January 1885) was a French novelist, publicist and journalist.	Edmond François Valentin About	French
native language	Auguste Mercier (8 December 1833, Arras -- 3 March 1921, Paris) was a French general and Minister of War at the time of the Dreyfus Affair.	Auguste Mercier	French
native language	Robert Plagnol is a French actor, who starred as 'Boris Vilde' in the French TV series Résistance.	Robert Plagnol	French
native language	Brigitte Catillon (born 20 July 1951) is a French actress and screenwriter.	Brigitte Catillon	French
native language	Dieter Aderhold (27 November 1939 -- 19 June 1989) was a German cathedratic and politician.	Dieter Aderhold	German
native language	Louis-Jean Pin (born 1734, date of death unknown) was a French comic-actor and theatre director.	Louis-Jean Pin	French
native language	Jean Lorrain (9 August 1855 in Fécamp, Seine-Maritime -- 30 June 1906), born Paul Alexandre Martin Duval, was a French poet and novelist of the Symbolist school.	Jean Lorrain	French
native language	Jean Luchaire (21 July 1901 -- 22 February 1946) was a French journalist and politician who became the head of the French collaborationist press in Paris during the German military occupation.	Jean Luchaire	French
native language	Jonkheer Andries Cornelis Dirk de Graeff (7 August 1872 -- 24 April 1957) was a Governor General of Dutch East Indies and a Dutch minister for foreign affairs.	Andries Cornelis Dirk de Graeff	Dutch
native language	Baron Jacques d'Adelswärd-Fersen (20 February 1880 -- 5 November 1923) was a French novelist and poet.	Jacques d'Adelswärd-Fersen	French
native language	Henri-Pierre Roché (28 May 1879 -- 9 April 1959) was a French author who was deeply involved with the artistic avant-garde in Paris and the Dada movement.	Henri-Pierre Roché	French
native language	Paul Jules Barbier (8 March 1825 -- 16 January 1901) was a French poet, writer and opera librettist who often wrote in collaboration with Michel Carré.	Jules Barbier	French
native language	Jacques-Antoine Manuel (10 December 1775 -- 20 August 1827) was a French lawyer, politician, and noted orator.	Jacques-Antoine Manuel	French
native language	Emanuel de Witte (1617--1692) was a Dutch perspective painter.	Emanuel de Witte	Dutch
native language	Guillaume Le Breton (sometimes also called Gabriel) was a French dramatist of the sixteenth century.	Guillaume Le Breton	French
native language	Antonio Juliano (born 1 January 1943) is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Antonio Juliano	Italian
native language	Pierre Louis de Lacretelle (9 October 1751 -- 5 September 1824) was a French lawyer, politician and writer.	Pierre Louis de Lacretelle	French
native language	Jacques-Louis Hénon (31 May 1802, Lyon - 28 March 1872, Montpellier) was a French republican politician.	Jacques-Louis Hénon	French
native language	Muriel Cerf (4 June 1950, Paris -- 19 May 2012 Anet) was a French novelist and travel writer.	Muriel Cerf	French
native language	Yin Xiangjie (born 15 February 1969) is a Chinese Mandopop singer, host, and actor.	Yin Xiangjie	Chinese
native language	Michel Noir(born 19 May 1944) is a French politician.	Michel Noir	French
native language	Frédéric Pagès (French: (paʒɛs); born 1950) is a French journalist noted for his work with the satirical weekly, Le Canard enchaîné.	Frédéric Pagès	French
native language	Philippe Clay (March 7, 1927 -- December 13, 2007), born Philippe Mathevet, was a French mime artist, singer and actor.	Philippe Clay	French
native language	Heinrich Krone (1 December 1895 in Hessisch Oldendorf -- 15 August 1989 in Bonn) was a German Christian-Democratic politician.	Heinrich Krone	German
native language	Maryse Wolinski (born in Algiers on 3 May 1943) is a French writer and journalist.	Maryse Wolinski	French
native language	Rémi Mathis FRSA, (born 20 November 1982) is a French historian, curator, and free-culture advocate.	Rémi Mathis	French
native language	Gerhard Noodt (September 4, 1647 -- August 15, 1725) was a Dutch jurist, born in Nijmegen.	Gerhard Noodt	Dutch
native language	Pierre Joffroy (born 1929 in Lorraine, France) is a French author, dramaturge and journalist who wrote for Paris Match, Libération and L'Express.	Pierre Joffroy	French
native language	Shin Kyeong-nim (Hangul: 신경림) is a South Korean writer who is known as a ``poet of the people''	Shin Kyeong-nim	Korean
native language	Joris van Overeem (born 1 June 1994) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for AZ in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Joris van Overeem	Dutch
native language	Bärbel Beuermann (born 16 September 1955) is a German politician (The Left), and was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia as a list MP since the state election held on 9 May 2010.	Bärbel Beuermann	German
native language	Jean de Boishue (born 1943) is a French aristocrat, politician and author.	Jean de Boishue	French
native language	Louis Mélennec de Beyre (born 18 March 1941, Guilvinec, Finistère) is a French lawyer, doctor, singer and historian writing and performing as Louis Mélennec and active in Breton nationalism.	Louis Mélennec	French
native language	Baroness Hélène van Zuylen van Nijevelt van de Haar or Hélène de Zuylen de Nyevelt de Haar, née de Rothschild (21 August 1863 -- 17 October 1947), was a French socialite, author, a sporting figure in Parisian life and a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family of France.	Hélène van Zuylen	French
native language	Themistocles Gluck (30 November 1853 in Iaşi, Moldavia; -- 25 April 1942 in Berlin) was a German physician and surgeon.	Themistocles Gluck	German
native language	Jean Malaurie (born December 22, 1922) is a French cultural anthropologist, geographer, physicist, and writer.	Jean Malaurie	French
native language	Pierre Antoine Monneron (16 January 1747 -- 8 June 1801) was a French merchant, banker, writer and politician.	Pierre Antoine Monneron	French
native language	Kirsten Lühmann (born 1964) is a German politician with the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), deputy federal chairwoman of the German Civil Service Federation and, since the German federal elections of 2009, a member of parliament for the SPD.	Kirsten Lühmann	German
native language	Jean-Noël Pancrazi is a French author born in Sétif, Algeria, on April 28, 1949.	Jean-Noël Pancrazi	French
native language	Valérie Benguigui (6 November 1965 -- 2 September 2013) was a French actress and theater director.	Valérie Benguigui	French
native language	Dominique Laffin (June 3, 1952 in Saint-Mandé, Val-de-Marne, France -- June 12, 1985 in Paris) was a French actress, who has appeared in 19 films between 1975 and 1985.	Dominique Laffin	French
native language	Gabrielle Wittkop (née Menardeau) (1920-2002) was a French writer.	Gabrielle Wittkop	French
native language	Marie-Jean Hérault de Séchelles (20 September 1759 -- 5 April 1794) was a French judge and politician who took part in the French Revolution.	Marie-Jean Hérault de Séchelles	French
native language	Désiré Guillaume Édouard Monnais (27 May 1798 -- 25 February 1868) was a French journalist, theater director, playwright and librettist.	Édouard Monnais	French
native language	Pascale Fonteneau (born April 29, 1963) is a French-born journalist and novelist in Belgium.	Pascale Fonteneau	French
native language	Maurice Le Glay (1868 -- 3 April 1936) was a French Army officer and author of works on Morocco.	Maurice Le Glay	French
native language	Yola d'Avril (1907 -- 1984) was a French-born actress, who appeared in numerous American productions between 1925 and 1953.	Yola d'Avril	French
native language	Saint-Amand Bazard (18 September 1791 -- 29 July 1832) was a French socialist, the founder of a secret society in France corresponding to the Carbonari of Italy.	Amand Bazard	French
native language	Ernest Chénière (born April 26, 1945 in Rivière-Salée, Martinique) is a French politician who represented the department of Oise in the French National Assembly from 1993-1997.	Ernest Chénière	French
native language	Julia Reda (born 30 November 1986) is a German politician and activist.	Julia Reda	German
native language	Simon Tyssot de Patot (1655--1738) was a French writer and poet during the Age of Enlightenment who penned two very important, seminal works in fantastic literature.	Simon Tyssot de Patot	French
native language	Ingo Friedrich (born January 24, 1942, in Kutno-Wartheland) is a former German (Bavarian) Member of the European Parliament.	Ingo Friedrich	German
native language	Sylvia Löhrmann (born March 1, 1957, Essen, Germany) is a German politician.	Sylvia Löhrmann	German
native language	Louis Tirlet (14 March 1771, Moiremont - 29 November 1841, Fontaine-en-Dormois) was a French général de division and artillery specialist during the Napoleonic Wars.	Louis Tirlet	French
native language	Paterne Berrichon - the pseudonym of Pierre-Eugène Dufour, born 10 January 1855 at Issoudun and died 30 July 1922 at La Rochefoucauld - was a French poet, painter, sculptor and designer.	Paterne Berrichon	French
native language	Ursula Caberta y Diaz (born 22 March 1950) is a German politician, former State of Hamburg government official and was the Commissioner for the Scientology Task Force of the Hamburg Interior Authority.	Ursula Caberta	German
native language	Fabienne Keller (born in 1959 in Sélestat, Bas-Rhin) was the mayor (Union for French Democracy) of Strasbourg, France, from March 2001 to March 2008.	Fabienne Keller	French
native language	Paul Bert (17 October 1833 -- 11 November 1886) was a French zoologist, physiologist and politician.	Paul Bert	French
native language	Seyhan Kurt is a French-Turkish poet, writer and sociologist.	Seyhan Kurt	French
native language	André Salmon (4 October 1881, Paris -- 12 March 1969, Sanary-sur-Mer) was a French poet, art critic and writer.	André Salmon	French
native language	Knut Fleckenstein (born 20 December 1953 in Bad Nauheim) is a German politician who serves as an MEP for the Social Democratic Party of Germany.	Knut Fleckenstein	German
native language	Ange-Élisabeth-Louis-Antoine Bonnier d'Alco (1750 in Montpellier -- 28 April 1799) was a French diplomat during the French Revolution.	Ange-Élisabeth-Louis-Antoine Bonnier	French
native language	Pierre-Joseph Cambon (10 June 1756 -- 15 February 1820) was a French statesman.	Pierre-Joseph Cambon	French
native language	Jacques Doillon (born 15 March 1944) is a French film director.	Jacques Doillon	French
native language	Štefan Harabin (born 4 May 1957) is a former Slovak judge and politician, member of the HZDS party and former Minister of Justice of Slovakia from 4 July 2006 to 23 June 2009.	Štefan Harabin	Slovak
native language	Jean de la Roque (1661 -- December 8, 1745) was a French traveller and journalist born in Marseille.	Jean de la Roque	French
native language	Louis-Mathias, Count de Barral (26 April 1746 -- 7 June 1816) was a French church figure.	Louis-Mathias, Count de Barral	French
native language	Kwee Tek Hoay (Chinese: 郭德懷; pinyin: Guō Déhuái; 31 July 1886 -- 4 July 1951) was an ethnic Chinese Malay-language writer of novels and drama, and a journalist.	Kwee Tek Hoay	Malay
native language	Gaston Bardet (1907--1989) was a French architect and writer.	Gaston Bardet	French
native language	Jean Pelet, known as Pelet de la Lozère (Saint-Jean-du-Gard, 23 February 1759 -- Paris, 26 January 1842) was a French politician.	Jean Pelet	French
native language	Florent Chrestien (January 26, 1541 -- October 3, 1596) was a French satirist and Latin poet.	Florent Chrestien	French
native language	Henri Serre (born 26 February 1931) is a French actor who is best known as Jim, a ``vivid, melancholy, and finally tragic figure'' in François Truffaut's Jules and Jim.	Henri Serre	French
native language	Jean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber, often referred to as JJSS (13 February 1924, in Paris -- 7 November 2006, in Fécamp), was a French journalist and politician.	Jean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber	French
native language	Alex van Warmerdam (born 14 August 1952) is a Dutch screenwriter, film director, and actor.	Alex van Warmerdam	Dutch
native language	Hermann Scheer (April 29, 1944 -- October 14, 2010) was a Social Democrat member of the German Bundestag (Parliament), President of Eurosolar (The European Association for Renewable Energy) and General Chairman of the World Council for Renewable Energy.	Hermann Scheer	German
native language	Hermann Nuding (born Oberurbach 3 July 1902: died Stuttgart 31 December 1966) was a German politician, political party official (KPD) and, after 1945, an opponent of German re-armament.	Hermann Nuding	German
native language	Jacques Mallet du Pan (1749 -- 10 May 1800) was a French journalist, who took up the Royalist cause during the French Revolution.	Jacques Mallet du Pan	French
native language	René de Ceccatty (born 1 January 1952 in Tunis) is a French writer, translator and editor.	René de Ceccatty	French
native language	Pierre Abelin (May 16, 1909 -- May 23, 1977) was a French Christian Democratic politician, parliamentarian and government minister.	Pierre Abelin	French
native language	Roger Vailland (October 16, 1907 - May 12, 1965) was a French novelist, essayist, and screenwriter.	Roger Vailland	French
native language	Antoine-Adrien Lamourette (31 May 1742--11 January 1794) was a French politician.	Antoine-Adrien Lamourette	French
native language	Paul Ferrier (29 March 1843 - September 1920) was a French dramatist, who also provided libretti for several composers, especially Varney and Serpette.	Paul Ferrier	French
native language	Pascale Boistard (born 4 January 1971) is a French politician and current State Secretary for Women's Rights.	Pascale Boistard	French
native language	Jakob Smits or Jacob Smits (Rotterdam, 9 July 1855 - Achterbos (Mol), 15 February 1928) was a Dutch-Flemish painter.	Jakob Smits	Dutch
native language	Henri Desfontaines (12 November 1876, Paris -- 7 January 1931, Paris) was a French film director, actor and scriptwriter.	Henri Desfontaines	French
native language	Jacob Geel (November 12, 1789 -- November 11, 1862) was a Dutch scholar, critic and librarian.	Jacob Geel	Dutch
native language	Armand Trousseau (14 October 1801 -- 23 June 1867) was a French internist.	Armand Trousseau	French
native language	Alice David (born 22 March 1987) is a French actress, known for the television series Bref (2011) and the film Babysitting (2014).	Alice David	French
native language	André Lassagne (23 April 1911 - 3 April 1953) was a member of the French resistance during World War II. The secretary general of ``L'Armée Secrète'' (AS), he was arrested (along with Jean Moulin) on June 21, 1943 in Caluire-et-Cuire (Rhône).	André Lassagne	French
native language	André Velter (born 1945), French poet, was born in Signy-l'Abbaye in the Ardennes région and was educated in Charleville and Paris.	André Velter	French
native language	Mah Laqa Bai (7 April 1768 -- 1824), born Chanda Bibi, and sometimes referred to as Mah Laqa Chanda, was an Indian 18th century Urdu poet, courtesan and philanthropist based in Hyderabad.	Mah Laqa Bai	Urdu
native language	Caroline de Barrau (1828--88) was a wealthy French educationalist, feminist, author and philanthropist.	Caroline de Barrau	French
native language	Jean De Briac (15 August 1891 -- 18 October 1970) was a French film actor.	Jean De Briac	French
native language	Marcel Herrand (8 October 1897 -- 11 June 1953) was a French stage and film actor best remembered for his roles in swashbuckling or historical films.	Marcel Herrand	French
native language	Jules Camille Victor Pomaret, known as Jules Nadi (Nadi, the anagram of his wife, Dina) (19 May 1872 -- 7 November 1928) was a French politician who represented Drôme in southeastern France.	Jules Nadi	French
native language	Michel Tronchay (October 1668 -- October 30, 1733) was a French Catholic priest, writer, philosopher, and the secretary of French historian Louis-Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont.	Michel Tronchay	French
native language	Gaël Morel (born 25 September 1972) is a French film director, screenwriter and actor.	Gaël Morel	French
native language	Alain-René Lesage (French pronunciation: ​(alɛ̃ ʁəne ləsaʒ); 6 May 1668 -- 17 November 1747; older spelling Le Sage) was a French novelist and playwright.	Alain-René Lesage	French
native language	Pierre-Jean Samot (born August 21, 1934 in Fort-de-France, Martinique) is a politician from Martinique who served in the French National Assembly from 2002-2003 .	Pierre-Jean Samot	French
native language	Willem Godschalck van Focquenbroch (1640 -- June 1670) was a Dutch poet and playwright.	Willem Godschalck van Focquenbroch	Dutch
native language	Walter Behrendt (September 18, 1914 in Dortmund -- July 23, 1997) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and president of the European parliament (1971--1973).	Walter Behrendt	German
native language	Franz-Olivier Giesbert (born January 18, 1949 in Wilmington, Delaware) is a French journalist and author.	Franz-Olivier Giesbert	French
native language	Anne Bignan (1795--1861) was a French poet and translator.	Anne Bignan	French
native language	Erich Lüth (b. February 1, 1902 in Hamburg, d. April 1, 1989) was a German writer and film director.	Erich Lüth	German
native language	Charles-Louis de Secondat, Baron de La Brède et de Montesquieu (/ˈmɒntᵻskjuː/; French: (mɔ̃tɛskjø); 18 January 1689 -- 10 February 1755), generally referred to as simply Montesquieu, was a French lawyer, man of letters, and political philosopher who lived during the Age of Enlightenment.	Montesquieu	French
native language	Jacky Nercessian (or Nersessian (Armenian: Ժաքի Ներսեսյան), b. November 16, 1950) is a French actor who is ethnically Armenian.	Jacky Nercessian	French
native language	Yvan Goll (born Isaac Lang; 29 March 1891 -- 27 February 1950) was a French-German poet who was bilingual and wrote in both French and German.	Yvan Goll	French
native language	Jean-François Roger, sometimes called François Roger (17 April 1776, Langres -- 1 March 1842), was a French politician, journalist, poet and dramatic author.	Jean-François Roger	French
native language	Sylvie Joly (18 October 1934 -- 4 September 2015) was a French actress and comedian.	Sylvie Joly	French
native language	Renée Faure (4 November 1919 in Paris -- 2 May 2005 in Clamart, Hauts de Seine) was a French stage and film actress.	Renée Faure	French
native language	Peter Høeg (born 17 May 1957) is a Danish writer of fiction.	Peter Høeg	Danish
native language	Léon-Paul Fargue (4 March 1876 -- 24 November 1947) was a French poet and essayist.	Léon-Paul Fargue	French
native language	Fanny Cottençon (born 11 May 1957) is a French actress, born in Port-Gentil, Gabon (then in French Equatorial Africa).	Fanny Cottençon	French
native language	Edmond de Goncourt (May 26, 1822 -- July 16, 1896), born Edmond Louis Antoine Huot de Goncourt, was a French writer, literary critic, art critic, book publisher and the founder of the Académie Goncourt.	Edmond de Goncourt	French
native language	Sébastien Japrisot (4 July 1931 -- 4 March 2003) was a French author, screenwriter and film director, born in Marseille.	Sébastien Japrisot	French
native language	Marie-Louise Damien (December 5, 1889 -- January 31, 1978), better known by the stage name Damia, was a French singer and actress.	Marie-Louise Damien	French
native language	Lucie Jeanne (born 13 March 1976) is a French television actress.	Lucie Jeanne	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr (24 November 1808 -- 29 September 1890) was a French critic, journalist, and novelist.	Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr	French
native language	Antoine Omer Talon (20 January 1760 in Paris--18 August 1811 in Gretz) was a French counter-revolutionary.	Antoine Omer Talon	French
native language	Pierre Clément Eugène Pelletan (29 October 1813 -- 13 December 1884) was a French writer, journalist and politician.	Eugène Pelletan	French
native language	Adèle Exarchopoulos (French pronunciation: ​(adɛl ɛgzaʁkɔpulɔs); born 22 November 1993) is a French actress.	Adèle Exarchopoulos	French
native language	Yi Ho-woo (Hangul: 이호우) was a South Korean poet and journalist.	Yi Ho-woo	Korean
native language	Hervé Morin (born 17 August 1961 in Pont-Audemer, Eure) is a French politician, leader of the New Center party and a former French Minister of Defence.	Hervé Morin	French
native language	Yiannis Ritsos (Greek: Γιάννης Ρίτσος; 1 May 1909 -- 11 November 1990) was a Greek poet and left-wing activist and an active member of the Greek Resistance during World War II.	Yiannis Ritsos	Greek
native language	François Nourissier (Paris, 18 May 1927--Paris, 15 February 2011) was a French journalist and writer.	François Nourissier	French
native language	Pierre Edmond Teisserenc de Bort (17 September 1814 at Châteauroux -- 29 July 1892 in Paris), was a French writer and politician.	Pierre Edmond Teisserenc de Bort	French
native language	Christian Jacq (born April 28, 1947) is a French author and Egyptologist.	Christian Jacq	French
native language	Count Honoré Joseph Antoine Ganteaume (La Ciotat, 13 April 1755 -- Aubagne, 28 July 1818) was a French Navy officer and Vice-admiral.	Honoré Joseph Antoine Ganteaume	French
native language	Christian Pineau (French pronunciation: ​(kʁistjɑ̃ pino); 14 October 1904, in Chaumont-en-Bassigny, Haute-Marne, France -- 5 April 1995, in Paris) was a noted French Resistance fighter.	Christian Pineau	French
native language	Michel Houellebecq (French: (miʃɛl wɛlbɛk); born Michel Thomas; 26 February 1958 or 1956) is a French author, filmmaker, and poet.	Michel Houellebecq	French
native language	Jean Malonga (February 25, 1907, Kibouende, French Congo -- 1985) is credited as one of the earliest of the modern Republic of Congo writers.	Jean Malonga	French
native language	Ben Vautier (born on July 18, 1935 in Naples, Italy), also known simply as Ben, is a French artist.	Ben Vautier	French
native language	Peter Wittig (born 11 August 1954) is a German diplomat and has been Germany's Ambassador to the United States since April 30, 2014.	Peter Wittig	German
native language	Isidore Isou (January 29, 1925 -- July 28, 2007), born Isidor Goldstein, was a Romanian-born French poet, film critic and visual artist.	Isidore Isou	French
native language	Spyridon Lambros or Lampros (Greek: Σπυρίδων Λάμπρος) (1851--1919) was a Greek history professor and, briefly, Prime Minister of Greece.	Spyridon Lambros	Greek
native language	Jean Murat (Périgueux, 13 July 1888-Aix-en-Provence, 5 January 1968) was a French actor.	Jean Murat	French
native language	Max Jacob (French: (maks ʒakɔb); 12 July 1876 -- 5 March 1944) was a French poet, painter, writer, and critic.	Max Jacob	French
native language	Betty Mars (born Yvette Baheux, 30 July 1944 in Paris - died 20 February 1989 in Paris) was a French singer and actress, best known for her participation in the 1972 Eurovision Song Contest.	Betty Mars	French
native language	Christophe Hondelatte (born 17 December 1962 in Bayonne, France) is a French television and radio host who has worked for BFMTV since fall 2014.	Christophe Hondelatte	French
native language	Benoît Régent (19 August 1953 - 21 October 1994) was a French motion-picture actor.	Benoît Régent	French
native language	Marianne Birthler (born 22 January 1948 in Friedrichshain, Berlin) is a German human rights advocate and politician of the Alliance '90/The Greens.	Marianne Birthler	German
native language	Jan van der Heyden (March 5, 1637, Gorinchem -- September 12, 1712, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Baroque-era painter, draughtsman, printmaker, a mennonite and inventor who significantly contributed to contemporary firefighting.	Jan van der Heyden	Dutch
native language	Félix Deschange (9 August 1832, Rouvrois-sur-Othain - ?) was a French republican politician.	Félix Deschange	French
native language	André Chevrillon (3 May 1864 -- 9 July 1957) was a French writer, a nephew of Taine, who chose England and the Orient as objects of study.	André Chevrillon	French
native language	Christine Carère (27 July 1930 -- 13 December 2008), born Christine de Borde, was a French film actress.	Christine Carère	French
native language	Antoine Pesne (French pronunciation: ​(pɛːn)) (29 May 1683 -- 5 August 1757) was a French-born court painter of Prussia.	Antoine Pesne	French
native language	Éric Degbegni, better known as Éric Blanc (born October 10, 1965 in Cotonou, Benin), is a French impersonator and comedian.	Éric Blanc	French
native language	Nolwenn Korbell (; born 3 February 1968 in Quimper, Finistère), is a French Breton singer-songwriter and actress.	Nolwenn Korbell	French
native language	Jacques Defermon des Chapelieres (15 November 1752 - 20 July 1831) was a French statesman during the French Revolution and a supporter of Napoleon Bonaparte and the French Empire.	Jacques Defermon des Chapelieres	French
native language	Roger Blin (Neuilly-sur-Seine, France, 22 March 1907 -- Évecquemont, France, 21 January 1984) was a French actor and director notable for staging world premieres of Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot in 1953 and Endgame (play) in 1957.	Roger Blin	French
native language	Yves Cochet is a French politician, member of Europe Écologie--	Yves Cochet	French
native language	Marie Louise Lévêque de Vilmorin (4 April 1902 -- 26 December 1969) was a French novelist, poet and journalist.	Louise Lévêque de Vilmorin	French
native language	Paul Frankeur (29 June 1905 - 27 October 1974) was a French actor who appeared in films by Jacques Tati (Jour de fête) and Luis Buñuel (The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie and The Phantom of Liberty).	Paul Frankeur	French
native language	Wladimir Yordanoff (born 28 March 1954) is a French actor of Bulgarian origin.	Wladimir Yordanoff	French
native language	Marc Augier (nom de plume: Saint-Loup) (born 19 March 1908 in Bordeaux -- died 16 December 1990 in Paris) was a French far right politician, writer and mountaineer.	Marc Augier	French
native language	Jean Georges Lefranc de Pompignan (22 February 1715 in Montauban -- 29 December 1790 in Paris) was a French clergyman, younger brother of Jean-Jacques Lefranc, Marquis de Pompignan.	Jean Georges Lefranc de Pompignan	French
native language	Margot Anand (born July 27, 1944) is a French author, teacher, seminar leader and public speaker.	Margot Anand	French
native language	Gilles Clément (born at Argenton-sur-Creuse, Indre, France in 1943), is a French gardener, garden designer, botanist, entomologist and writer.	Gilles Clément	French
native language	Yi In-seong (Hangul: 이인성, hanja: 李仁星) is a South Korean modern novelist.	Yi In-seong	Korean
native language	Pierre Bertaux (8 October 1907 in Lyon -- 14 August 1986 in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine) was a noted Resistant and French Germanist.	Pierre Bertaux	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Jourdan, 1st Comte Jourdan (29 April 1762 -- 23 November 1833), enlisted as a private in the French royal army and rose to command armies during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Jean-Baptiste Jourdan	French
native language	Denys Kostyuk (born 13 March 1982) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer, who rides for the Kolss BDC Team.	Denys Kostyuk	Ukrainian
occupation	Vasyl Vasyltsiv (Ukrainian: Васи́ль Васи́льців; born June 26, 1987) is an Ukrainian singer and composer.	Vasyl Vasyltsiv	singer
original network	Daily at Dawn was an Australian sitcom that screened in 1981 on the Seven Network.	Daily at Dawn	Seven Network
original network	The Law & Harry McGraw is an American TV series that ran on CBS from September 27, 1987 to February 10, 1988.	The Law & Harry McGraw	CBS
original network	My Friend Rabbit is currently aired on Qubo, 1TV, Boomerang, Treehouse TV, Fuji TV, KBS2 and Playhouse Disney (UK & Ireland) and was awarded the Pulcinella Award for Best Preschool TV Series 2008, and the Alliance of Children's Television award for Best Preschool Series 2009.	My Friend Rabbit	Treehouse TV
original network	Totally Busted is an adult hidden camera practical joke series that ran original episodes from 2003 to 2006 on Playboy TV.	Totally Busted	Playboy TV
original network	``Lift Off with Ayshea'' is a British TV show, produced by Granada Television for the ITV network, which ran for 144 editions spanning eight series, between November 1969 and December 1974.	Lift Off with Ayshea	ITV
original network	Kachorra is an Argentinian family telenovela, produced by Telefe and RGB Entertainment in 2002, and protagonized by Natalia Oreiro and Pablo Rago.	Kachorra	Telefe
original network	Jackpot Bowling (also known as Phillies Jackpot Bowling and Jackpot Bowling Starring Milton Berle) was a professional bowling show on NBC from January 9, 1959 to March 13, 1961.	Jackpot Bowling	NBC
original network	House Doctor is a television programme, originally broadcast on Channel 5 in the UK.	House Doctor	Channel 5
original network	Cartoon Sushi is an animation showcase program that aired on MTV from 1997 to 1998.	Cartoon Sushi	MTV
original network	Forbes on Fox is an American business analysis program, the third show of the Cost of Freedom business block, on Saturdays at 11:00 a.m. ET on the Fox News Channel.	Forbes on Fox	Fox News Channel
original network	A Very British Airline is a British documentary television series that was first broadcast on BBC Two on 2 June 2014.	A Very British Airline	BBC Two
original network	The Philco Television Playhouse is an American anthology series that was broadcast live on NBC from 1948 to 1955.	The Philco Television Playhouse	NBC
original network	Family Theater is a dramatic anthology radio show which aired on the Mutual Broadcasting System in the United States from February 13, 1947 to September 11, 1957.	Family Theater	Mutual Broadcasting System
original network	Second Verdict is a six-part BBC television series from 1976, of dramatised documentaries in which classic criminal cases and unsolved crimes from history were re-appraised by fictional police officers.	Second Verdict	BBC
original network	Divine Design was a Canadian interior design show which airs on W Network in Canada and HGTV in the United States.	Divine Design	W Network	HGTV
original network	The Ann Sothern Show is an American sitcom starring Ann Sothern that aired on CBS for 93 episodes.	The Ann Sothern Show	CBS
original network	Uned 5 (``Unit 5'') was a BAFTA award-winning teenage magazine show, broadcast live every week on Welsh channel S4C.	Uned 5	S4C
original network	Sounds Good is a Canadian music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1976.	Sounds Good	CBC Television
original network	The Comic Strip Presents... debuted on 2 November 1982, the opening night of Channel 4.	The Comic Strip	Channel 4
original network	Major League Baseball on ABC is the de facto title of a program that televises Major League Baseball games on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC).	Major League Baseball on ABC	American Broadcasting Company
original network	The Journey of Allen Strange is an American television series that aired on Nickelodeon's SNICK block of programming for three seasons from 1997 to 2000.	The Journey of Allen Strange	Nickelodeon
original network	Quick on the Draw was an American game show that aired on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network.	Quick on the Draw	DuMont Television Network
original network	The Hartmans (also known as The Hartmans (at Home)) is an American television sitcom that aired live on NBC on Sunday nights from February 27 to April 24, 1949.	The Hartmans	NBC
original network	Y'a pas photo was a French television program shown on TF1 from September 1997, produced by Loribel and animated by Laurent Fontaine and Pascal Bataille, with help from Sophie Thalmann, Sabrina Kléber, and Georges Chétochine.	Y'a pas photo	TF1
original network	Austin City Limits (ACL) is an American public television music program recorded live in Austin, Texas, by Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member television station KLRU, and broadcast on many PBS stations around the United States.	Austin City Limits	PBS
original network	PB&J Otter is an American animated children's television series which premiered on Playhouse Disney on March 15, 1998.	PB&J Otter	Playhouse Disney
original network	Alan Davies Après-Ski is a British comedy television series that broadcasts on BBC Two from 7 to 21 February 2014 to coincide with the beginning, middle and end of the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Alan Davies Après-Ski	BBC Two
original network	Manzilein Apani Apani is an Indian television series that aired on Zee TV, based on the lives of two cousin brothers:	Manzilein Apani Apani	Zee TV
original network	Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts (also known as Talent Scouts) was an American radio and television variety show which ran on CBS from 1946 until 1958.	Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts	CBS
original network	Auction Kings is a reality television series produced by Authentic Entertainment for the Discovery Channel.	Auction Kings	Discovery Channel
original network	Cuore contro cuore (Heart to heart) is a 2004 Italian television series directed by Riccardo Mosca, produced by Taodue and broadcast on Canale 5 during the summer of 2010.	Cuore contro cuore	Canale 5
original network	Best Friends Whenever is an American multi-camera sitcom developed for Disney Channel, created by Jed Elinoff and Scott Thomas and executive produced by Jed Elinoff, Scott Thomas, and Michael B. Kaplan.	Best Friends Whenever	Disney Channel
original network	Gary & Mike is a television show that aired on UPN in 2001 and Comedy Central in 2003.	Gary & Mike	UPN	Comedy Central
original network	Surviving the Cut was a military documentary/reality television series produced by 2 Roosters Media for the Discovery Channel.	Surviving the Cut	Discovery Channel
original network	A Place for Everything was a Canadian television nature series which aired on CBC Television from 1964 to 1966.	A Place for Everything	CBC Television
original network	The Big Fat Quiz of the Year is an annual British television programme broadcast in the last or first week of the year on Channel 4.	The Big Fat Quiz of the Year	Channel 4
original network	Hidden Palms is an American teen drama television series that ran from May 30 until July 4, 2007, on The CW in the United States.	Hidden Palms	The CW
original network	Shafted was a short-lived British quiz show on ITV, presented by Robert Kilroy-Silk, based on game theory.	Shafted	ITV
original network	O Dono do Mundo (English: The Owner of the World) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 1991 and 1992.	O Dono do Mundo	Rede Globo
original network	Liocracy was a Canadian television comedy series, which aired on The Comedy Network in 2001 and 2002.	Liocracy	The Comedy Network
original network	Pangarap na Bituin (lit. The Star We Dreamt) is a Filipino primetime TV series produced by ABS-CBN, from September 3, 2007 to December 7, 2007.	Pangarap na Bituin	ABS-CBN
original network	I Polykatoikia (The Block of Flats) (Greek: H Πολυκατοικία), is a popular Greek Comedy television series, originally broadcast on Mega Channel and lasting for three seasons, from October 6, 2008 until May 27, 2011.	I Polykatoikia	Mega Channel
original network	Is There Life After Youth? is a Canadian talk show television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1974.	Is There Life After Youth?	CBC Television
original network	Theatre Canada, subtitled Canadian Short Stories, is a Canadian dramatic television series which aired on CBC Television in 1970.	Theatre Canada	CBC Television
original network	Jumping Ship (also known as Horse Sense 2) is the 2001 sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie, Horse Sense.	Jumping Ship	Disney Channel
original network	A-List Listings is an American reality television series that debuted October 24, 2012, on E!.	A-List Listings	E
original network	Komplottet ('The Ploy') was a Norwegian television show that aired on TV3 from 1996 to 1998 and in a revived version in 2003.	Komplottet	TV3
original network	A Show from Two Cities was a Canadian variety television miniseries which aired on CBC Television from 1963 to 1964.	A Show from Two Cities	CBC Television
original network	Win Your Wish List is a BBC National Lottery game show that is broadcast on BBC One since 27 December 2014.	Win Your Wish List	BBC One
original network	Preston Pig is a children's cartoon show, which aired on CITV.	Preston Pig	CITV
original network	Garnock Way was a short-lived Scottish soap opera, produced by Scottish Television for the ITV network, running from 1976 to 1979.	Garnock Way	ITV
original network	The Mike O'Malley Show was an American sitcom on NBC that aired only two episodes.	The Mike O'Malley Show	NBC
original network	Ffeil (File) is a Welsh-language television news programme for children and young people, produced by BBC Cymru Wales for S4C.	Ffeil	S4C
original network	Triple Zero Heroes is an Australian observational documentary series that airs on the Seven Network.	Triple Zero Heroes	Seven Network
original network	Please Give Me a Job! is a Malaysian reality television programme produced by Red Communications and 8TV which features 10 fresh graduates vying for job placements in various companies.	Please Give Me a Job!	8TV
original network	The Great Canadian Escape is a Canadian outdoor instructional television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1977.	The Great Canadian Escape	CBC Television
original network	The Krypton Factor is a British game show produced by Granada for broadcast on ITV.	The Krypton Factor	ITV
original network	Suddenly Susan is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC from September 19, 1996, until December 26, 2000.	Suddenly Susan	NBC
original network	Bored to Death is an American comedy series that ran on HBO from September 20, 2009 to November 28, 2011.	Bored to Death	HBO
original network	Perfect Weapon is a British TV series for the National Geographic Channel.	Perfect Weapon	National Geographic Channel
original network	How Much Is Enough? is a game show that aired on Game Show Network from January 8, 2008 to March 28, 2008.	How Much Is Enough?	Game Show Network
original network	La Patrona is a Spanish-language telenovela produced by Telemundo and Argos Comunicación.	La Patrona	Telemundo
original network	Jane the Virgin is an American satirical romantic comedy-drama television series developed by Jennie Snyder Urman, that debuted on The CW on October 13, 2014.	Jane the Virgin	The CW
original network	California Dreams is an American teen sitcom that aired on NBC from September 12, 1992 to December 14, 1996, as part of the network's Saturday morning block, TNBC.	California Dreams	NBC
original network	Behind the Music is a television series on VH1.	Behind the Music	VH1
original network	Great Performances, a television series devoted to the performing arts, has been telecast on Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) public television since 1972.	Great Performances	PBS
original network	Live on Tape is a late night comedy sketch show that aired on Saturday nights at 10pm on KLJB-TV in Davenport, Iowa from 1987 to 1989, and repeated through 1990.	Live on Tape	KLJB
original network	Comedy World Cup is a British television comedy panel game produced by Open Mike Productions for Channel 4.	Comedy World Cup	Channel 4
original network	Sonny Spoon is a detective program aired in the United States on the NBC television network in 1988.	Sonny Spoon	NBC
original network	Bram & Alice is a television sitcom that aired on CBS from October 6 to 27, 2002.	Bram & Alice	CBS
original network	The Michael Richards Show is a sitcom that debuted on NBC in 2000.	The Michael Richards Show	NBC
original network	Fear, Stress & Anger is a British sitcom that aired on BBC Two in 2007.	Fear, Stress & Anger	BBC Two
original network	Radiolab is a radio program produced by WNYC, a public radio station in New York City, and broadcast on public radio stations in the United States.	Radiolab	WNYC
original network	Children's Ward (retitled The Ward from 1995 to 1998) is a British children's television drama series produced by Granada Television and broadcast on the ITV network as part of its Children's ITV strand on weekday afternoons.	Children's Ward	ITV
original network	Dough Re Mi was an American game show that aired on NBC from February 24, 1958 to December 30, 1960.	Dough Re Mi	NBC
original network	Star Awards 2003 was an awards ceremony part of the annual Star Awards held by MediaCorp Channel 8 in December 2003.	Star Awards 2003	MediaCorp Channel 8
original network	Cold Case is an American police procedural television series which ran on CBS from September 28, 2003 to May 2, 2010.	Cold Case	CBS
original network	Hum Aapke Hain In Laws was a Hindi language fictional comedy series which premiered on January 14, 2013 on satellite network, SAB TV.	Hum Aapke Hain In Laws	SAB TV
original network	Mi segunda madre (English title: My second mother) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Juan Osorio and broadcast by Canal de las Estrellas in 1989.	Mi segunda madre	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Ultimate Force is a British television action series that was shown on ITV, which deals with the activities of Red Troop of the SAS (Special Air Service).	Ultimate Force	ITV
original network	Strange Hill High is a children's animated series for CBBC.	Strange Hill High	CBBC
original network	Despatch Box was a late night political analysis television programme produced by the BBC and broadcast on BBC Two between 1998 and 2002.	Despatch Box	BBC Two
original network	Custe o Que Custar (in English, Whatever it Takes, represented by the acronym CQC) was a Brazilian television comedy show, produced by Eyeworks and aired weekly by Rede Bandeirantes since March 17, 2008.	Custe o Que Custar	Rede Bandeirantes
original network	Million Dollar Password is an updated version of the game show Password on CBS, which was hosted by Regis Philbin and ran from June 1, 2008 to June 14, 2009.	Million Dollar Password	CBS
original network	Crossing Jordan is an American television crime/drama series that aired on NBC from September 24, 2001 to May 16, 2007.	Crossing Jordan	NBC
original network	4thought.tv is a British documentary television program, which has aired weekdays at 7:55pm on Channel 4 since 5 July 2010.	4thought.tv	Channel 4
original network	Bar Rescue is an American reality TV series that premiered on Spike on July 17, 2011.	Bar Rescue	Spike
original network	Dirty Soap is an American reality television series that debuted on E! on September 25, 2011.	Dirty Soap	E
original network	Tree Fu Tom is a live-action/CGI CBeebies children's television program which has been shown on BBC and CBeebies in the UK and Sprout and NBC Kids in the USA.	Tree Fu Tom	CBeebies
original network	Fern Britton Meets... is a British television talk show presented by Fern Britton which was first aired on BBC One during the four Sundays of Advent from 29 November to 20 December 2009.	Fern Britton Meets...	BBC One
original network	Europe This Week is a business news show aired on CNBC Europe and on CNBC World in the US, co-presented by Guy Johnson and Louisa Bojesen, from 6pm to 6:30pm CET (12pm to 12:30pm EST) on Fridays.	Europe This Week	CNBC Europe
original network	Human Planet was originally screened in the UK on BBC One each Thursday at 8pm over eight weeks, starting from 13 January 2011.	Human Planet	BBC One
original network	Pardon My Genie (1972--73) was a children's comedy series produced by British ITV contractor Thames Television, and written by Bob Block who later created Rentaghost.	Pardon My Genie	ITV
original network	Aguamarina, is an American telenovela produced by Telemundo.	Aguamarina	Telemundo
original network	Phred on Your Head Show is an American children's television series that aired from 1999 to 2002 on the Noggin television channel (now Nick Jr.).	Phred on Your Head Show	Nick Jr.
original network	Main Street Mysteries is a television series airing on Investigation Discovery hosted by Craig Lemons.	Main Street Mysteries	Investigation Discovery
original network	A Hatful of Music was a Canadian musical variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1960.	A Hatful of Music	CBC Television
original network	I'm with Busey was a comedy/documentary television show which aired on Comedy Central in the summer of 2003.	I'm with Busey	Comedy Central
original network	Glenview High is an Australian television drama series produced by the Reg Grundy Organisation for the Seven Network between 1977 and 1978.	Glenview High	Seven Network
original network	Flying Wild Alaska is a documentary television series that aired on Discovery Channel in 2011 and 2012.	Flying Wild Alaska	Discovery Channel
original network	Children's Cinema is a Canadian children's film television series which aired on CBC Television from 1969 to 1975.	Children's Cinema	CBC Television
original network	Idea Jalsa is a music reality series on Indian classical music aired on Zee TV.	Idea Jalsa	Zee TV
original network	Adelaide Tonight was a nightly variety show, running four days a weekat 9.30 pm on Nine Network, NWS-9 Adelaide.	Adelaide Tonight	Nine Network
original network	1000 Ways to Die is an anthology television series that premiered on Spike on May 14, 2008, and ended on July 15, 2012.	1000 Ways to Die	Spike
original network	Bet ng Bayan (Bet of the Nation) is a Philippine reality talent show that currently airs on GMA Network.	Bet ng Bayan	GMA Network
original network	Micallef Tonight was a short-lived Aria Award--winning Australian variety show that aired on the Nine Network in 2003.	Micallef Tonight	Nine Network
original network	Angela's Eyes is an American television crime drama that premiered on July 16, 2006 on Lifetime, running for 13 episodes.	Angela's Eyes	Lifetime
original network	On 12 March 2006, ITV began simulcasting Toonattik on the CITV Channel, allowing younger Sky Digital, Virgin Media and Freeview viewers to access the show through the children's section of the EPG for the first time.	Toonattik	ITV
original network	Artit Ching Duang (Thai: อาทิตย์ชิงดวง; rtgs: Athit Ching Duang ``Feuding Sun'') is a Thai lakorn produced and broadcast in Royal Thai Army Radio and Television Channel 5.	Artit Ching Duang	Royal Thai Army Radio and Television Channel 5
original network	Creepschool is a Swedish, French and Canadian animated series by Alphanim, Cinar, Happy Life and France 3 about four kids who find themselves at a spooky boarding school.	Creepschool	France 3
original network	December Bride is an American sitcom that aired on the CBS television network from 1954 to 1959, adapted from the original CBS radio network series that aired from June 1952 through September 1953.	December Bride	CBS
original network	The Jennie Project is a Disney Channel Original Movie that was released in the summer of 2001.	The Jennie Project	Disney Channel
original network	The Money Club was a business news talk show aired weekdays from 7 to 7:30 PM ET on CNBC until c. 1997.	The Money Club	CNBC
original network	Good Game is an Australian television gaming programme produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC), airing on ABC2.	Good Game	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
original network	Sineserye Presents is a Philippine primetime soap opera broadcast by ABS-CBN.	Sineserye Presents	ABS-CBN
original network	Donald Duck Presents is a television series that aired on The Disney Channel beginning in 1983 and which featured classic Disney animated shorts.	Donald Duck Presents	Disney Channel
original network	The Jeselnik Offensive was an American late-night television program that aired on Comedy Central.	The Jeselnik Offensive	Comedy Central
original network	The Adventures of Champion is an American children's Western series that aired from September 23, 1955 to March 3, 1956 for 26 episodes on CBS.	The Adventures of Champion	CBS
original network	The Kelly File is an American news television program hosted by journalist and former attorney Megyn Kelly on the Fox News Channel.	The Kelly File	Fox News Channel
performer	``Fucking Boyfriend'' is the name of a song by American duo The Bird and the Bee.	Fucking Boyfriend	The Bird and the Bee
performer	``Crazy Water'' is a song by Elton John with lyrics written by Bernie Taupin.	Crazy Water	Elton John
performer	Vratićeš se Satane is the third album by the Serbian noise-rock band Klopka Za Pionira, released in 2005 (see 2005 in music) on the Ne-ton independent label.	Vratićeš se Satane	Klopka Za Pionira
performer	This Side is the Grammy-winning fourth album by the progressive bluegrass band Nickel Creek, released on Sugar Hill in the summer of 2002.	This Side	Nickel Creek
performer	``Night of My Life'' is the title of the debut single for 2006 Australian Idol winner Damien Leith.	Night of My Life	Damien Leith
performer	``Then Who Am I'' is a song written by Dallas Frazier and A.L. ``Doodle'' Owens, and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride.	Then Who Am I	Charley Pride
performer	``When I Was a Youngster'' is the second official single released by British hip hop duo Rizzle Kicks, from their debut studio album, Stereo Typical.	When I Was a Youngster	Rizzle Kicks
performer	Forever Your Girl is the 1988 debut album by American singer Paula Abdul.	Forever Your Girl	Paula Abdul
performer	``Burn It to the Ground'' is the fourth U.S. single (fifth single in Canada after ``I'd Come for You'') released from Canadian rock band Nickelback's sixth studio album Dark Horse.	Burn It to the Ground	Nickelback
performer	``Shining Light'' is a song by Ash, which was released as the first single from their album Free All Angels.	Shining Light	Ash
performer	John Munch is a fictional character played by actor Richard Belzer.	John Munch	Richard Belzer
performer	Motif Sky is German group Camouflage's eighteenth single, released in July 2006 as the first single from their seventh studio album Relocated.	Motif Sky	Camouflage
performer	Erect the Youth Problem is the only studio album released by American punk trio Wives.	Erect the Youth Problem	Wives
performer	``Da Da Dam'' is a ballad type song by Finnish Paradise Oskar and it is the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, qualifying for the final.	Da Da Dam	Paradise Oskar
performer	Wiege der Finsternis (English: Cradle of Darkness) is the first studio release of the German folk metal band Finsterforst.	Wiege der Finsternis	Finsterforst
performer	``Geile Zeit'' (German: Great time), was the name of the second single of German pop/rock group Juli.	Geile Zeit	Juli
performer	25 & Alive Boneshaker is a live DVD featuring Motörhead's 25th anniversary concert at Brixton Academy, on 22 October 2000.	25 & Alive Boneshaker	Motörhead
performer	The Great Fall is the fourth album by the Power metal band Narnia.	The Great Fall	Narnia
performer	Legal Drug Money is the debut album by hip hop group Lost Boyz, featuring members Mr. Cheeks, Freaky Tah, DJ Spigg Nice and Pretty Lou.	Legal Drug Money	Lost Boyz
performer	100% Mexicano is a studio album by Mexican-American performer Pepe Aguilar.	100% Mexicano	Pepe Aguilar
performer	Plans Within Plans is the eleventh studio album by the pop punk band MxPx, which was released on April 3, 2012.	Plans Within Plans	MxPx
performer	``Half a Heart'' is a song by H & Claire, which became their second hit single in 2002.	Half a Heart	H & Claire
performer	``Let Love Be Your Energy'' is a song by Robbie Williams released in 2001 as the fourth single from his album Sing When You're Winning.	Let Love Be Your Energy	Robbie Williams
performer	``Hello Heartbreak'' is a dance-pop song recorded by American singer-songwriter Michelle Williams.	Hello Heartbreak	Michelle Williams
performer	``The Hands That Built America'' is a song by U2, released on the soundtrack to the film Gangs of New York.	The Hands That Built America	U2
performer	Speak Your Peace is the fourth and final album from crossover thrash/hardcore punk band Cryptic Slaughter.	Speak Your Peace	Cryptic Slaughter
performer	``Psycho Killer'' is a song written by David Byrne, Chris Frantz and Tina Weymouth and first played by their band The Artistic in 1974, and as new wave band Talking Heads in 1975, with a later version recorded for their 1977 album Talking Heads: 77.	Psycho Killer	Talking Heads
performer	``Little Altar Boy'' is a song by the popular group The Carpenters.	Little Altar Boy	The Carpenters
performer	Planet Drum is a world music album by Mickey Hart, a musician and musicologist who was a member of the rock band the Grateful Dead.	Planet Drum	Mickey Hart
performer	Rock'n'Roll Tears is the third album from Australian singer/songwriter Loene Carmen.	Rock'n'Roll Tears	Loene Carmen
performer	Sound of Silver is the second studio album by American dance-punk act LCD Soundsystem.	Sound of Silver	LCD Soundsystem
performer	Uncle Charlie is the fourth studio album by Charlie Wilson and was released on February 17, 2009.	Uncle Charlie	Charlie Wilson
performer	``Oulhali'' ``(Say it to Me)'' is a song by the Lebanese singer Amal Hijazi from her second studio album Zaman, released as a single in 2003.	Oulhali	Amal Hijazi
performer	``Last Kiss'' is a song released by Wayne Cochran in 1961 on the Gala label.	Last Kiss	Wayne Cochran
performer	Serviço Público is an album of the Portuguese MC Valete.	Serviço Público	Valete
performer	Bummed was the second album by British band Happy Mondays.	Bummed	Happy Mondays
performer	On the Western Front is D.I.'s seventh full-length.	On the Western Front	D.I.
performer	``Beer Thirty'' is a song written by Ronnie Dunn and Terry McBride, and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn.	Beer Thirty	Brooks & Dunn
performer	``Hey Lover'' is the Grammy Award winning first single released from LL Cool J's sixth album, Mr. Smith, featuring Boyz II Men.	Hey Lover	LL Cool J	Boyz II Men
performer	Hung Far Low is the fifth and final album by noise rock band The Honeymoon Killers, released in 1991 through Fistpuppet Records.	Hung Far Low	The Honeymoon Killers
performer	``Be Blessed'' is a song by American singer Yolanda Adams, a single from her 2005 album ``Day By Day''.	Be Blessed	Yolanda Adams
performer	Parvaaz (Urdu: پرواز, literal English translation: ``flight'') is the fifth studio album and sixth overall album by the Pakistani band Junoon.	Parvaaz	Junoon
performer	The Dirty Boogie is the third album from the swing band The Brian Setzer Orchestra.	The Dirty Boogie	The Brian Setzer Orchestra
performer	``If You Love Somebody Set Them Free'' is the first single released from Sting's solo debut album The Dream of the Blue Turtles.	If You Love Somebody Set Them Free	Sting
performer	``Where Have All the Rude Boys Gone?'' is a song by Ted Leo and the Pharmacists from their 2003 release Hearts Of Oak.	Where Have All the Rude Boys Gone?	Ted Leo and the Pharmacists
performer	The Burning Word is an album by Irish folk singer Johnny Duhan and was released in 2010.	The Burning Word	Johnny Duhan
performer	``Get Inside'' is a song by Stone Sour, and the first music video the band released.	Get Inside	Stone Sour
performer	``I Do Not Hook Up'' is a song performed by American pop singer-songwriter Kelly Clarkson, released as the second single from her fourth studio album, All I Ever Wanted (2009).	I Do Not Hook Up	Kelly Clarkson
performer	Sick Transit Gloria Mundi is the sixth release by Industrial metal band Red Harvest.	Sick Transit Gloria Mundi	Red Harvest
performer	``Tears from the Moon'' is a music single by Canadian group Conjure One featuring Sinéad O'Connor's vocals.	Tears from the Moon	Conjure One	Sinéad O'Connor
performer	Lady Sleep is the third album by German musician Maximilian Hecker.	Lady Sleep	Maximilian Hecker
performer	A Public Affair is the fifth studio album by American pop singer Jessica Simpson.	A Public Affair	Jessica Simpson
performer	Ave Fénix (English The Phoenix) is the 14th studio album by Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo.	Ave Fénix	Daniela Romo
performer	``Sharp Dressed Man'' is a song performed by ZZ Top from their 1983 album Eliminator.	Sharp Dressed Man	ZZ Top
performer	``This Town Ain't Big Enough for Both of Us'' is a song written by Ron Mael of the American pop group Sparks.	This Town Ain't Big Enough for Both of Us	Sparks
performer	The Power of Shower is the only full-length studio album from Dan Bălan's Crazy Loop act.	The Power of Shower	Crazy Loop
performer	``Round Up'' is a song by American rapper Lady May, featuring American R&B singer Blu Cantrell.	Round Up	Lady May	Blu Cantrell
performer	Body Kiss is the 29th studio album by The Isley Brothers on the DreamWorks label.	Body Kiss	The Isley Brothers
performer	Rock in a Hard Place is the seventh studio album by American hard rock band Aerosmith, released on August 1, 1982, on Columbia.	Rock in a Hard Place	Aerosmith
performer	Conforming to Abnormality is Cephalic Carnage's first full-length album.	Conforming to Abnormality	Cephalic Carnage
performer	The Worship Sessions is an album from CCM band MercyMe that released on August 30, 2011 exclusively through Family Christian Stores.	The Worship Sessions	MercyMe
performer	13 Ways to Bleed on Stage is the second studio album by American alternative metal band Cold, released in 2000.	13 Ways to Bleed on Stage	Cold
performer	Psychotic Sculpture is the second album by the American symphonic black metal band Vesperian Sorrow.	Psychotic Sculpture	Vesperian Sorrow
performer	``Dressed for Success'' is a song by the Swedish rock duo Roxette, that was released in mid-1989 as the third single from their second studio album, Look Sharp! (1988).	Dressed for Success	Roxette
performer	So-Called Chaos is the sixth studio album (fourth released internationally) by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette, released in May 2004.	So-Called Chaos	Alanis Morissette
performer	Silence Magnifies Sound is the second studio album from Ohio post-rock band The Six Parts Seven.	Silence Magnifies Sound	The Six Parts Seven
performer	``Waiting All Night'' is a song by English drum and bass band Rudimental.	Waiting All Night	Rudimental
performer	Far Away, Down on a Georgia Farm is an album of American musician Norman Blake, released in 1999.	Far Away, Down on a Georgia Farm	Norman Blake
performer	Topeng Sahabat is the debut studio album by Indonesian rock band J-Rocks, released on 2005 in Indonesia by Aquarius Musikindo.	Topeng Sahabat	J-Rocks
performer	``Shark in the Water'' is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter V V Brown for her debut studio album Travelling Like the Light.	Shark in the Water	V V Brown
performer	From Luxury to Heartache is the fourth album by new wave band Culture Club, released in 1986.	From Luxury to Heartache	Culture Club
performer	Where the Groupies Killed the Blues is the second album by progressive rock band Lucifer's Friend, released in 1972.	Where the Groupies Killed the Blues	Lucifer's Friend
performer	Hymned, No. 1 (sometimes simply called Hymned) is the first solo album from MercyMe singer Bart Millard.	Hymned, No. 1	Bart Millard
performer	Disorder of the Order is the Holy Moses 2002 album release.	Disorder of the Order	Holy Moses
performer	From These Wounds is the fourth studio album by the Norwegian doom metal band Funeral.	From These Wounds	Funeral
performer	Te spùo so 'na recia (I Spit on Your Ear) is an album by Catarrhal Noise.	Te spùo so 'na recia	Catarrhal Noise
performer	Morrison, CO 2001 is a series of three complete concerts by Widespread Panic.	Morrison, CO 2001	Widespread Panic
performer	At the Gate of Horn is the second solo album by American folk singer Odetta, first released in 1957.	At the Gate of Horn	Odetta
performer	Would Jesus Wear a Rolex is a song written by Margaret Archer and Chet Atkins, and recorded by Ray Stevens in 1987 on his album Crackin' Up!.	Would Jesus Wear a Rolex	Ray Stevens
performer	Tune-Up! is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1972 and released on the Cobblestone label.	Tune-Up!	Sonny Stitt
performer	Woman Overboard is an album by English singer Linda Lewis, released in 1977.	Woman Overboard	Linda Lewis
performer	``Jesus He Knows Me'' is the second track on the 1991 Genesis album We Can't Dance and its fourth single.	Jesus He Knows Me	Genesis
performer	The Laughing Stock of Indie Rock (2004) is the fourth full-length album by Solex.	The Laughing Stock of Indie Rock	Solex
performer	``Just Tonight'' is a song by American rock band The Pretty Reckless from their debut studio album, Light Me Up (2010).	Just Tonight	The Pretty Reckless
performer	``Tripping Billies'' is a song by the Dave Matthews Band, released as the fifth single from the album Crash.	Tripping Billies	Dave Matthews Band
performer	``Where Do You Go To (My Lovely)?'' is a 1969 song by the English singer-songwriter Peter Sarstedt.	Where Do You Go To (My Lovely)?	Peter Sarstedt
performer	``Everything We Had'' is a single by the band The Academy Is... from their album Santi.	Everything We Had	The Academy Is
performer	Tribute to the Gods is a tribute/cover album by heavy metal band Iced Earth.	Tribute to the Gods	Iced Earth
performer	Prince of the South is the second album by Atlanta rapper Lil Scrappy, released on May 13, 2008.	Prince of the South	Lil Scrappy
performer	Kako mi je, tako mi je is a 2007 album by Herzegovinian singer Mate Bulić.	Kako mi je, tako mi je	Mate Bulić
performer	Don't Take Your Time is the first major studio album released by jazz vocalist Erin Bode.	Don't Take Your Time	Erin Bode
performer	``Sweet Lullaby'' is a song by French world music/ethnic electronica Deep Forest which originally appeared on their eponymous album.	Sweet Lullaby	Deep Forest
performer	``Fairytale of New York'' is a Christmas song written by Jem Finer and Shane MacGowan and first released as a single on 23 November 1987 by their band The Pogues, featuring singer-songwriter Kirsty MacColl on vocals.	Fairytale of New York	The Pogues	Kirsty MacColl
performer	Pop Artificielle is a 1998 album by ``lb'' (which refers to ``Lassigue Bendthaus'', one of the many aliases of musician Uwe Schmidt).	Pop Artificielle	Uwe Schmidt
performer	Flying Dog is the second studio album released by former Racer X and Mr. Big guitarist Paul Gilbert.	Flying Dog	Paul Gilbert
performer	His Majesty King Funk is a jazz album recorded in 1965 by Grant Green.	His Majesty King Funk	Grant Green
performer	Love on the Beat is a 1984 album by French singer and songwriter Serge Gainsbourg.	Love on the Beat	Serge Gainsbourg
performer	``Like Glue'' is a song recorded by Jamaican dancehall artist Sean Paul, from his second album Dutty Rock (2002).	Like Glue	Sean Paul
performer	Break It to Pieces is an album released by New Zealand hip-hop artist Tha Feelstyle in 2004.	Break It to Pieces	Tha Feelstyle
performer	Gold Mother is the third studio album from English band James, originally released June 1990.	Gold Mother	James
performer	Can't Stop the Machine is a two-disc CD/DVD release by the industrial metal band American Head Charge.	Can't Stop the Machine	American Head Charge
performer	``He Loves Me All the Way'' is a 1970 single written by Billy Sherrill, Norro Wilson, and Carmol Taylor and recorded by Tammy Wynette.	He Loves Me All the Way	Tammy Wynette
performer	``Just the Way It Is, Baby'' is a song recorded by American pop rock duo The Rembrandts.	Just the Way It Is, Baby	The Rembrandts
performer	``Ang Huling El Bimbo'' (English: ``The Last El Bimbo'') is a song composed by Ely Buendia of the Philippine pop/rock band Eraserheads, for their 1996 studio album Cutterpillow.	Ang Huling El Bimbo	Eraserheads
performer	The Soul of Hollywood is an album by jazz pianist Junior Mance featuring interpretations of music from motion pictures which was recorded in late 1961 and early 1962 and released on the Jazzland label.	The Soul of Hollywood	Junior Mance
performer	Expoobident is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan originally released on the Vee-Jay label.	Expoobident	Lee Morgan
performer	``Pass This On'' is a single from the Swedish electronic duo The Knife, released in 2003.	Pass This On	The Knife
performer	Hot Streets is the tenth studio album (twelfth overall) by the American band Chicago, released in 1978.	Hot Streets	Chicago
performer	Envoy of Lucifer is the fourth full-length studio album from Swedish black metal band Nifelheim.	Envoy of Lucifer	Nifelheim
performer	Now Is Not Forever is the first full-length album from Christian hip-hop artist B. Reith.	Now Is Not Forever	B. Reith
performer	All Things Possible is the seventh studio album by Christian Adult-Contemporary musician Mark Schultz.	All Things Possible	Mark Schultz
performer	Treat Me Nice is a song recorded by Elvis Presley.	Treat Me Nice	Elvis Presley
performer	``New York State of Mind'' is a song written by Billy Joel which initially appeared on the album Turnstiles in 1976.	New York State of Mind	Billy Joel
performer	In My Little Corner of the World is the name of the second studio album by American country music singer, Marie Osmond.	In My Little Corner of the World	Marie Osmond
performer	Fabrique was Fashion's 1982 second album.	Fabrique	Fashion
performer	``Baby (You've Got What It Takes)'' is a 1960 song written by Clyde Otis, Murray Stein and Brook Benton.	Baby (You've Got What It Takes)	Brook Benton
performer	People, Hell and Angels is a posthumous compilation album by the American rock musician Jimi Hendrix.	People, Hell and Angels	Jimi Hendrix
performer	Au bout de la route is the first studio album recorded by French singer and songwriter Atlan.	Au bout de la route	Atlan
performer	``TTL (Time to Love)'' is a hit single by South Korean girl group T-ara and boy band Supernova.	TTL (Time to Love)	Supernova
performer	``John Kettley Is a Weatherman'' is a 1988 novelty record by the band A Tribe of Toffs, from Sunderland, UK.	John Kettley Is a Weatherman	A Tribe of Toffs
performer	``I'll Go Crazy If I Don't Go Crazy Tonight'' is the fifth song from U2's 2009 album No Line on the Horizon.	I'll Go Crazy If I Don't Go Crazy Tonight	U2
performer	``So Much in Love'' is a popular song sung by The Tymes that was a #1 song in the United States during the year 1963.	So Much in Love	The Tymes
performer	Sugarless Girl is the eighth album by the Japanese electro duo Capsule, released on February 21, 2007.	Sugarless Girl	Capsule
performer	The Heatin' System is a double album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1971 which was his fourth release on the Cadet label and the first following his stint with Blue Note.	The Heatin' System	Jack McDuff
performer	When Your Heartstrings Break is the second album by San Francisco indie rock band Beulah.	When Your Heartstrings Break	Beulah
performer	Stadsvandringar (``City Walks'') is the CD version of the Swedish psychedelic rock group Dungen's second album.	Stadsvandringar	Dungen
performer	Hurry Up Mode is the debut studio album by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick.	Hurry Up Mode	Buck-Tick
performer	Blue Corpse is the fifteenth album by Jandek, and his second for 1987.	Blue Corpse	Jandek
performer	``Leaving Me Now'' is a single released in 1985 by the British musical group Level 42.	Leaving Me Now	Level 42
performer	``Do It to Me'' is the title of a number-one single by singer Lionel Richie.	Do It to Me	Lionel Richie
performer	``How I'm Comin''' is a song by LL Cool J, released as the first single from his fifth album, 14 Shots to the Dome.	How I'm Comin'	LL Cool J
performer	Post Momentary Affliction is the third studio album by Christian metal band Mortification, released in 1993.	Post Momentary Affliction	Mortification
performer	Plug in the Snakes is the third studio album by American rock band Meriwether (band).	Plug in the Snakes	Meriwether
performer	``Nobody but You'' is a song written by J. D. Martin and John Jarrard, and recorded by American country music artist Don Williams.	Nobody but You	Don Williams
performer	The album Journey of Life by German band X-Perience was released on 20 November 2000 in Germany.	Journey of Life	X-Perience
performer	Dreamin' in a Casket is the sixth full-length album by Swedish hard rock band Hardcore Superstar.	Dreamin' in a Casket	Hardcore Superstar
performer	The Mantle is the second album by American metal band Agalloch.	The Mantle	Agalloch
performer	Logan's Sanctuary is an electronica album by Roger Joseph Manning Jr. and Brian Reitzell, conceived as the soundtrack for an imagined sequel to the film Logan's Run.	Logan's Sanctuary	Roger Joseph Manning Jr.
performer	``Shock Me'' is a song by American hard rock band Kiss on their 1977 album Love Gun.	Shock Me	Kiss
performer	Summer/Fever (traditional Chinese: 夏/狂熱; simplified Chinese: 夏/狂热; pinyin: xìa/kūang rè) was released on September 11, 2009, and is the fifth full-length studio album by Taiwanese indie pop band Sodagreen.	Summer/Fever	Sodagreen
performer	Drown in Colour, released July 10, 2009, is the second album from Red Riders.	Drown in Colour	Red Riders
performer	``Good to Be Me'' is a song recorded by American country music artists Uncle Kracker and Kid Rock.	Good to Be Me	Uncle Kracker	Kid Rock
performer	Let the Power Fall is the second studio album by Max Romeo, released in 1971.	Let the Power Fall	Max Romeo
performer	``The House That Heaven Built'' is the fourth 7`` single by Canadian rock duo Japandroids.	The House That Heaven Built	Japandroids
performer	In Florescence is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded in New York City on June 8, 1989 featuring performance by Taylor, Gregg Bendian and William Parker and released on the A&M label.	In Florescence	Cecil Taylor
performer	Wearing a Martyr's Crown is the fourth album by the melodic death metal band Nightrage.	Wearing a Martyr's Crown	Nightrage
performer	All in One Voice is the twelfth studio album by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler.	All in One Voice	Bonnie Tyler
performer	Welcome to Diverse City is the second full length studio album released by Christian singer TobyMac.	Welcome to Diverse City	TobyMac
performer	Domestic Blues was the first solo album from Northern Ireland based singer-songwriter, Bap Kennedy, and was released in 1998.	Domestic Blues	Bap Kennedy
performer	In This Room is the third studio album by the band The 3rd and the Mortal.	In This Room	The 3rd and the Mortal
performer	In the Face of Funk is a 1994 album by the funk/R&B group Cameo.	In the Face of Funk	Cameo
performer	``When the Girl in Your Arms Is the Girl in Your Heart'' is a 1961 hit by Cliff Richard written by the songwriting team of Sid Tepper and Roy Bennett who would contribute fifteen songs to the Cliff Richard canon including his career record ``The Young Ones''.	When the Girl in Your Arms Is the Girl in Your Heart	Cliff Richard
performer	Jamahiriya Democratique et Populaire de Sauvage is the third studio album by the American post-punk band Savage Republic, released in 1988 by Fundamental Records.	Jamahiriya Democratique et Populaire de Sauvage	Savage Republic
performer	Tigerbomb is an EP by the indie rock band Guided by Voices.	Tigerbomb	Guided by Voices
performer	Every Kind of Light is an album from the band The Posies, released June 28, 2005.	Every Kind of Light	The Posies
performer	``The Hood Mob'' is an album by American rapper Kokane, released on March 21, 2006 from Siccness Records.	The Hood Mob	Kokane
performer	``Don't Mess with My Man'' is the second single from R&B group Lucy Pearl and the second single taken from their debut self-titled album.	Don't Mess with My Man	Lucy Pearl
performer	Sefronia is the eighth album by singer-songwriter Tim Buckley, released in 1973.	Sefronia	Tim Buckley
performer	The History Mix Volume 1 is the sixth album by British pop band Godley & Creme.	The History Mix Volume 1	Godley & Creme
performer	``A Rose by Any Name'' is a 2013 song by the American new wave band Blondie.	A Rose by Any Name	Blondie
performer	``El Cariño Es Como Una Flor'' (``Love is Like a Flower'') is a song written, produced and performed by Venezuelan singer-songwriter Rudy La Scala.	El Cariño Es Como Una Flor	Rudy La Scala
performer	Firecracker People is the second full length album by Hotel Lights, released in 2008.	Firecracker People	Hotel Lights
performer	``The Robots'' (originally Die Roboter) is a single by the influential German electronic music pioneers, Kraftwerk, released in 1978.	The Robots	Kraftwerk
performer	Humanoid City Live, is a live DVD and CD released by the German band Tokio Hotel on July 20, 2010.	Humanoid City Live	Tokio Hotel
performer	Risk Revival is the second album released by Hot Cross on Equal Vision, released on February 20, 2007.	Risk Revival	Hot Cross
performer	Lingua Mortis is the tenth full-length album by the German heavy metal band Rage, released in mid 1996.	Lingua Mortis	Rage
performer	``Train Kept A-Rollin''' (or ``The Train Kept A-Rollin''') is a song first recorded by American jazz and rhythm and blues musician Tiny Bradshaw in 1951.	Train Kept A-Rollin'	Tiny Bradshaw
performer	``Mandrake Root'' is a song by Deep Purple that is featured on their debut album Shades of Deep Purple.	Mandrake Root	Deep Purple
performer	Magija (English: Magic) is the eighth studio album by Serbian pop-folk singer Jelena Karleuša.	Magija	Jelena Karleuša
performer	Face the Day is the sixth and most recent album from rap, metal, and funk pioneers 24-7 Spyz.	Face the Day	24-7 Spyz
performer	``Be My Valentine (Lovely Valentine's Day)'' is the ninth single by Tommy february6.	Be My Valentine (Lovely Valentine's Day)	Tommy february6
performer	The Best Mixes from the Album Debut for All the People Who Don't Buy White Labels (stylized as the best mixes from the album-debut for all the people who don't buy white-labels) is the first EP and remix compilation by Björk, originally released through Polydor Records in September 1994.	The Best Mixes from the Album Debut for All the People Who Don't Buy White Labels	Björk
performer	Vaari Vaari is the studio album by Harbhajan Mann released on 15 September 2010.	Vaari Vaari	Harbhajan Mann
performer	No Absolute Time is an album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty, released in 1993.	No Absolute Time	Jean-Luc Ponty
performer	Riot! is the second studio album by the American rock band Paramore.	Riot!	Paramore
performer	``English Summer Rain'' is the fourth single from Placebo's fourth studio album Sleeping with Ghosts, released in 2004.	English Summer Rain	Placebo
performer	Mis Canciones Preferidas (Spanish: My Favorite Songs) is a compilation album by the Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge.	Mis Canciones Preferidas	Yolandita Monge
performer	``Original Fire'' is the first single from the album Revelations by American hard rock band Audioslave.	Original Fire	Audioslave
performer	``Over My Head (Better Off Dead)'' is a song recorded by Canadian punk rock group Sum 41.	Over My Head (Better Off Dead)	Sum 41
performer	Ain't a Damn Thing Changed is the East Coast hip-hop act Nice & Smooth's second LP.	Ain't a Damn Thing Changed	Nice & Smooth
performer	Rock-a-Doodle-Doo is a popular song and hit single by British singer Linda Lewis.	Rock-a-Doodle-Doo	Linda Lewis
performer	``The Battle of Evermore'' is a folk duet sung by Robert Plant and Sandy Denny, featured on Led Zeppelin's untitled 1971 album.	The Battle of Evermore	Led Zeppelin
performer	The Kids Will Have Their Say is the debut album by the Boston hardcore punk band SSD.	The Kids Will Have Their Say	SSD
performer	``Broken Hearted Savior'' is the most successful song by American rock band Big Head Todd & the Monsters.	Broken Hearted Savior	Big Head Todd & the Monsters
performer	Too Tough to Tame is the 11th studio album of country music artist John Anderson.	Too Tough to Tame	John Anderson
performer	Since I Left Your World is the fourth release and first extended play (EP) by the American indie rock band Rookie of the Year, released through 111 Records on November 17, 2009.	Since I Left Your World	Rookie of the Year
performer	6:6:6 is a split CD between Smackin' Isaiah (a.k.a. A Wilhelm Scream), Moronique and Merrick.	6:6:6	A Wilhelm Scream
performer	``Cherry Blossom Girl'' is a song by French electronic duo Air.	Cherry Blossom Girl	Air
performer	In the Wake of Separation is an album by the melodic death metal/thrash metal band Thine Eyes Bleed.	In the Wake of Separation	Thine Eyes Bleed
performer	``Don't Need You To (Tell Me I'm Pretty)'' is a single by Irish pop singer Samantha Mumba.	Don't Need You To (Tell Me I'm Pretty)	Samantha Mumba
performer	``Skip a Rope' is a 1967 single by Henson Cargill.	Skip a Rope	Henson Cargill
performer	Stomping Ground is Goldfinger's third official album that was released on March 28, 2000.	Stomping Ground	Goldfinger
performer	Rocks, Pebbles and Sand is the 1980 album by jazz bass guitarist and multi-instrumentalist Stanley Clarke.	Rocks, Pebbles and Sand	Stanley Clarke
performer	``Livin' on a Prayer'' is Bon Jovi's second chart-topping single from their 12× platinum Slippery When Wet album.	Livin' on a Prayer	Bon Jovi
performer	Do-Can is the fourth album by Masami Okui, released on September 23, 1998.	Do-Can	Masami Okui
performer	``All Time High'' is a 1983 single release by Rita Coolidge introduced as the theme song for the James Bond film Octopussy.	All Time High	Rita Coolidge
performer	``Kiss You All Over'' is a 1978 song performed by the group Exile.	Kiss You All Over	Exile
performer	Kurage, Nagareboshi (クラゲ、流れ星; Jellyfish, Shooting Star) is Japanese pop singer Ai Otsuka's 18th single, released on 10 September 2008.	Kurage, Nagareboshi	Ai Otsuka
performer	Undrentide is the third album by British vocal group Mediæval Bæbes.	Undrentide	Mediæval Bæbes
performer	``Re-Rewind (The Crowd Say Bo Selecta)'' is a song by English garage band The Artful Dodger featuring Craig David on vocals.	Re-Rewind (The Crowd Say Bo Selecta)	Artful Dodger	Craig David
performer	Down with It! is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell, recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label.	Down with It!	Blue Mitchell
performer	Versão Acústica 4 is the seventh studio album by Brazilian acoustic rock cover musician Emmerson Nogueira.	Versão Acústica 4	Emmerson Nogueira
performer	``I Want You to Need Me'' is the last single from Celine Dion's greatest hits album, All the Way...	I Want You to Need Me	Celine Dion
performer	``Let's Think About Living'' is a song written by Boudleaux Bryant, and recorded by Bob Luman in 1960.	Let's Think About Living	Bob Luman
performer	``More News from Nowhere'' is the 28th single by Australian rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds and the second single from the album Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!!.	More News from Nowhere	Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
performer	When the Roses Bloom Again is the second album by Laura Cantrell, originally released in 2002.	When the Roses Bloom Again	Laura Cantrell
performer	Thunder & Roses is the seventh studio album recorded by American country music artist Pam Tillis.	Thunder & Roses	Pam Tillis
performer	54 Dole Hlavou is the ninth album by the Slovak punk rock/comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže, released in October 21, 2009.	54 Dole Hlavou	Horkýže Slíže
performer	``Give a Little Bit'' is the opening song on Supertramp's 1977 album Even in the Quietest Moments....	Give a Little Bit	Supertramp
performer	Ako me pogledneš vo oči (in Macedonian Cyrillic: Ако ме погледнеш во очи) is the third studio album by the famous Macedonian singer Toše Proeski.	Ako me pogledneš vo oči	Toše Proeski
performer	Nära mej, nära dej is an album by Swedish singer Sanna Nielsen, released on February 15, 2006.	Nära mej, nära dej	Sanna Nielsen
performer	Carnival Arcane is the 14th album by dark ambient band Midnight Syndicate, released in 2011.	Carnival Arcane	Midnight Syndicate
performer	Box Emotions is the second studio album by Japanese pop-rock band Superfly, released on September 2, 2009.	Box Emotions	Superfly
performer	Malamorenò is the second album released by the Italian Singer Arisa, It features the single ``Malamorenò''.	Malamorenò	Arisa
performer	Hollow Be My Name is the second album by the Australian post-hardcore band Eleventh He Reaches London.	Hollow Be My Name	Eleventh He Reaches London
performer	Skull Ring is the fourteenth studio album by American rock singer Iggy Pop, released in November 2003.	Skull Ring	Iggy Pop
performer	Dildarian is a studio album by Punjabi singer and actor, Amrinder Gill.	Dildarian	Amrinder Gill
performer	The Return of the Magnificent is the follow-up album to The Magnificent (2002) by DJ Jazzy Jeff.	The Return of the Magnificent	DJ Jazzy Jeff
performer	Dogs Eating Dogs is an EP by American pop punk band Blink-182 released on December 18, 2012.	Dogs Eating Dogs	Blink-182
performer	Through Tomorrow is the debut album by heavy metal band Seasons After.	Through Tomorrow	Seasons After
performer	Like Sonny is a compilation album combining two sessions from 1958 and 1960 with jazz musician John Coltrane.	Like Sonny	John Coltrane
performer	``Sweet Music Man'' is a song written and recorded by American musician Kenny Rogers.	Sweet Music Man	Kenny Rogers
performer	O Passo do Lui (Portuguese for Lui's Step) is the second studio album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.	O Passo do Lui	Os Paralamas do Sucesso
performer	A Biography of the Rev. Absalom Dawe is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1994 and released on the ECM label.	A Biography of the Rev. Absalom Dawe	John Surman
performer	``I Lay My Love on You'' is the ninth single to be released from Westlife's second studio album, ``Coast To Coast''.	I Lay My Love on You	Westlife
performer	Son of the Tiger is the first full-length album by The Big Sleep and their first to be released by French Kiss Records.	Son of the Tiger	The Big Sleep
performer	``Lo Haré Por Ti'' (I Will Do It for You) is a song written by Estéfano, produced by Chris Rodriguez and performed by Mexican singer Paulina Rubio.	Lo Haré Por Ti	Paulina Rubio
performer	Amantes Sunt Amentes (Latin for Lovers Are Lunatics), is the fourth studio album by the Mexican Avanzada Regia rock band Panda, released on October 2, 2006.	Amantes Sunt Amentes	Panda
performer	Are You Okay? is the fourth album by art-funk ensemble Was (Not Was).	Are You Okay?	Was (Not Was
performer	The Dark Masquerade is an EP album by Destini Beard that blends her original lyrics and vocals with previously recorded songs from Midnight Syndicate and a previously unreleased remix.	The Dark Masquerade	Midnight Syndicate
performer	Willie Remembers is the fifth album of the group Rare Earth.	Willie Remembers	Rare Earth
performer	Avantcore is a single by underground hip hop artist Busdriver from his album Fear of a Black Tangent.	Avantcore	Busdriver
performer	Atomic Arena is a 1988 heavy metal album released by the Christian metal band Barren Cross.	Atomic Arena	Barren Cross
performer	Doom of Destiny, released in 2007, is the eleventh full-length album by the German power metal band Axxis.	Doom of Destiny	Axxis
performer	Andrew Wells is a fictional character in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel, played by Tom Lenk.	Andrew Wells	Tom Lenk
performer	``Moro Mou'' (My Baby) is a song released by Greek-Swedish duo Antique.	Moro Mou	Antique
performer	My New Time is the third studio album by the Dutch gothic metal band Autumn.	My New Time	Autumn
performer	Tale Spinnin' is the sixth album by Weather Report, recorded and released in 1975, featuring the addition of Leon ``Ndugu'' Chancler on the drums.	Tale Spinnin'	Weather Report
performer	``Sanomi'' was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, which ranked second in the Contest, performed in a constructed language by the six-piece band Urban Trad.	Sanomi	Urban Trad
performer	``Kehidupan'' (``Life'') is a 1988 single by God Bless from their third album, Semut Hitam (Black Ants).	Kehidupan	God Bless
performer	Love-Itis is a song written by Harvey Scales and Albert Vance (with Rudy Jacobs also initially acknowledged as a co-writer), originally recorded by Harvey Scales and The Seven Sounds.	Love-Itis	Harvey Scales
performer	``Soldier's Plea'' is a 1962 single released by singer Marvin Gaye as Tamla 54063, and was the last non-charted early single Marvin released prior to releasing his first hit single, ``Stubborn Kind of Fellow'', later that year.	Soldier's Plea	Marvin Gaye
performer	``I Don't Ever Want to See You Again'' is a song performed by American contemporary R&B singer Uncle Sam.	I Don't Ever Want to See You Again	Uncle Sam
performer	``Who Do You Think You're Foolin''' is a song by American singer Donna Summer from her album The Wanderer.	Who Do You Think You're Foolin'	Donna Summer
performer	``Please Come Home for Christmas'' is a Christmas song, released in 1960, by the American blues singer and pianist Charles Brown.	Please Come Home for Christmas	Charles Brown
performer	Live at Carlos 1 is a live album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1986 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.	Live at Carlos 1	Billy Bang
performer	``Dance the Way I Feel'' is the debut single from British synthpop band Ou Est Le Swimming Pool.	Dance the Way I Feel	Ou Est Le Swimming Pool
performer	``Boľavé námestie'' (English: Sore Square) is the debut solo single by the female singer Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1977.	Boľavé námestie	Marika Gombitová
performer	Accept the Fact is the third studio album from power metal band Warmen.	Accept the Fact	Warmen
performer	Looking for... the Best of David Hasselhoff is an album released by David Hasselhoff in 1995.	Looking for... the Best	David Hasselhoff
performer	``Let Me Take You Dancing'' is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian artist Bryan Adams.	Let Me Take You Dancing	Bryan Adams
performer	``Heaven Knows I'm Missing Him Now'' is the twenty-third single by 1960s British girl singer Sandie Shaw, and her final single of that decade, marking the end of a string of singles which had made her the most successful British female singer of that era.	Heaven Knows I'm Missing Him Now	Sandie Shaw
performer	``Suddenly I See'' is a song by Scottish singer-songwriter KT Tunstall and is featured on her debut album, Eye to the Telescope.	Suddenly I See	KT Tunstall
performer	Mental Jewelry is the first album the band Live released under the name Live, released on December 31, 1991.	Mental Jewelry	Live
performer	``El Mareo'' is a song by South American band Bajofondo featuring vocals by the famous Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati.	El Mareo	Bajofondo
performer	El Kilo is the third album by Orishas, a Cuban hip hop group based in France.	El Kilo	Orishas
performer	The Pops Goes Country is the title of the first collaborative recording by guitarist Chet Atkins and Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops orchestra.	The Pops Goes Country	Chet Atkins
performer	Buster Goes Berserk is the second album from Buster Poindexter, an alter ego of singer David Johansen.	Buster Goes Berserk	David Johansen
performer	Sound Pieces is an album by American jazz composer, conductor and arranger Oliver Nelson featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.	Sound Pieces	Oliver Nelson
performer	A Hostage and the Meaning of Life is an album by the rock band Brazil that deals with themes of technology, dehumanization, and frustration.	A Hostage and the Meaning of Life	Brazil
performer	I Know You're Married But I've Got Feelings Too is the second full-length album of Canadian-American singer-songwriter Martha Wainwright.	I Know You're Married But I've Got Feelings Too	Martha Wainwright
performer	Zero Set was a turning point for Moebius and Plank, a fact lamented by Steven and Alan Freeman in their book The Crack In The Cosmic Egg.	Zero Set	Moebius and Plank
performer	The Healing Process is the second studio album by the Canadian deathcore band Despised Icon.	The Healing Process	Despised Icon
performer	5th Dog Let Loose is the second album by rapper Flesh-n-Bone from the rap group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.	5th Dog Let Loose	Flesh-n-Bone
performer	``Water on Glass'' is the third single by British singer Kim Wilde from her self-titled album.	Water on Glass	Kim Wilde
performer	Streetniks is an album by The Shuffle Demons, recorded over two days.	Streetniks	The Shuffle Demons
performer	Murder by Pride is the twelfth release and seventh studio album by Stryper.	Murder by Pride	Stryper
performer	``Move On Up'' is a song by Curtis Mayfield from his 1970 debut album Curtis.	Move On Up	Curtis Mayfield
performer	A Wilder Alias is an album by American vocalists Jackie Cain and Roy Kral featuring performances recorded in 1973 and released on the CTI label.	A Wilder Alias	Jackie Cain
performer	Osc-Dis or Oscillator in Distortion is the ninth album by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets.	Osc-Dis	The Mad Capsule Markets
performer	Follow the Lights (released in the UK as Everybody Knows) is an EP by Ryan Adams and The Cardinals released on October 23, 2007.	Follow the Lights	Ryan Adams
performer	``The Sky Is a Landfill'' is the first track on the posthumous Sketches for My Sweetheart the Drunk album release by Jeff Buckley.	The Sky Is a Landfill	Jeff Buckley
performer	``Somebody's Crying'' is a song by musician Chris Isaak from his fifth album, Forever Blue.	Somebody's Crying	Chris Isaak
performer	``She's Got a Reason'' is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is featured on their debut album, Turn Against This Land.	She's Got a Reason	Dogs
performer	``Living on the Ceiling'' is a song by British synthpop band Blancmange.	Living on the Ceiling	Blancmange
performer	``Worst Behavior'' is a song by Canadian recording artist Drake from his studio album Nothing Was the Same (2013).	Worst Behavior	Drake
performer	Punks Not Dead is the debut studio album by the Scottish punk rock band The Exploited, released in April 1981 on Secret Records.	Punks Not Dead	The Exploited
performer	The Warm Moods is an album by American jazz saxophonist Ben Webster featuring tracks recorded in 1960 for the Reprise label.	The Warm Moods	Ben Webster
performer	Metamorphosis of Vivaldi's Four Seasons is a musical piece featuring guitarist Uli Jon Roth's interpretation of Antonio Vivaldi's work The Four Seasons, in a rock-classical fusion.	Metamorphosis of Vivaldi's Four Seasons	Uli Jon Roth
performer	Krig-ha, Bandolo! is the debut solo album of Brazilian singer Raul Seixas.	Krig-ha, Bandolo!	Raul Seixas
performer	Here, My Love is the fifth studio album by multi-platinum R&B singer Case.	Here, My Love	Case
performer	``Fall for You'' is a song by Secondhand Serenade, the solo project of John Vesely.	Fall for You	Secondhand Serenade
performer	Whine de Lune is the third album by the Alternative Country band Trailer Bride.	Whine de Lune	Trailer Bride
performer	``10:15 Saturday Night'' is a song by British post-punk band The Cure.	10:15 Saturday Night	The Cure
performer	``Stin Kardia Mou Mono Thlipsi'' (Greek: Στην Καρδιά Μου Μόνο Θλίψη; English: In my heart there is only sorrow) is a song recorded by Greek-Swedish recording artist Elena Paparizou and written and produced by Grigoris Petrakos.	Stin Kardia Mou Mono Thlipsi	Elena Paparizou
performer	``Who's Crying Now'' is a million-selling, RIAA Gold-certified single by the American rock band Journey.	Who's Crying Now	Journey
performer	The Price of Existence is the second album by American deathcore band All Shall Perish, released in 2006.	The Price of Existence	All Shall Perish
performer	``Jungle Drum'' is the third single released from Emilíana Torrini's third album Me and Armini.	Jungle Drum	Emilíana Torrini
performer	Not as Good as the Book is the fourth studio album released by progressive rock group The Tangent.	Not as Good as the Book	The Tangent
performer	Lubbock (On Everything) is a 1979 double album by Texas singer, songwriter and piano player Terry Allen, released on Fate Records.	Lubbock (On Everything)	Terry Allen
performer	Fleeting Days is a folk rock album released in 2003 by Dan Bern and the International Jewish Banking Conspiracy.	Fleeting Days	Dan Bern
performer	``Flying High Again'' is a song by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne, from his 1981 album Diary of a Madman.	Flying High Again	Ozzy Osbourne
performer	One Step Beyond... is the 1979 debut album by the British ska-pop group Madness.	One Step Beyond...	Madness
performer	Fear, Emptiness, Despair is the fifth album by British grindcore band Napalm Death, released on 31 May 1994.	Fear, Emptiness, Despair	Napalm Death
performer	Glad I Found You is an album by American jazz pianist Horace Parlan featuring performances recorded in 1984 and released on the Danish-based SteepleChase label.	Glad I Found You	Horace Parlan
performer	Dommino is an album by Aleksandra Radović released on July 25, 2006, and it gained great popularity in Serbia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dommino	Aleksandra Radović
performer	Nicole and Natalie is the second studio album by the New York City-based duo Nina Sky.	Nicole and Natalie	Nina Sky
performer	RVS III is the third album by country music artist by Ricky Van Shelton.	RVS III	Ricky Van Shelton
performer	Worthless Recluse is the thirty-first Jandek album and the second of two new albums released in (2001).	Worthless Recluse	Jandek
performer	``Wolf at the Door'' is a song performed and composed by English alternative rock band Keane and was the second single they released, originally intended only as a promo item with only fifty copies made, becoming the rarest Keane item in existence.	Wolf at the Door	Keane
performer	The 3rd Masterpiece is the third Korean studio album by SG Wannabe.	The 3rd Masterpiece	SG Wannabe
performer	Pobuna mašina (trans. Machine Rebellion) is the fifth studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut released independently by the band in 2010.	Pobuna mašina	Supernaut
performer	Potato Hole is a 2009 album by Booker T. Jones, recorded with Drive-By Truckers as the backing band and guitar accompaniment by Neil Young.	Potato Hole	Booker T. Jones
performer	Limón y Sal (``Lemon and Salt'') is the title of the fourth studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas.	Limón y Sal	Julieta Venegas
performer	``Too Much of Heaven'' is a song written by Italian dance group Eiffel 65 and the third official single from their first album Europop.	Too Much of Heaven	Eiffel 65
performer	Pizza Deliverance is the second album released by Alabama country rock group Drive-By Truckers, released in 1999.	Pizza Deliverance	Drive-By Truckers
performer	All You're Meant to Be is the debut studio album released by Boyce Avenue on March 10, 2009.	All You're Meant to Be	Boyce Avenue
performer	The Chicago Sound is the sole album led by American jazz bassist Wilbur Ware.	The Chicago Sound	Wilbur Ware
performer	Incurso is the third album by the Swedish death metal band Spawn of Possession, released in 2012.	Incurso	Spawn of Possession
performer	``Nuit de folie'' is a 1988 popular song recorded by French pop duet Début de Soirée.	Nuit de folie	Début de Soirée
performer	Around 6 is an album by trumpeter Kenny Wheeler recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.	Around 6	Kenny Wheeler
performer	Forgotten Legends is the first full-length album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh.	Forgotten Legends	Drudkh
performer	Temples of Ice is the seventh studio album by English heavy metal band Venom.	Temples of Ice	Venom
performer	``(Are You) The One That I've Been Waiting For?'' is second single from the album The Boatman's Call by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.	(Are You) The One That I've Been Waiting For	Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
performer	``Kad hodaš'' (trans. ``When You Walk'') is a single from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.	Kad hodaš	Riblja Čorba
performer	``Love the Way You Lie (Part II)'' is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna from her fifth studio album Loud (2010).	Love the Way You Lie (Part II)	Rihanna
performer	Private Parts and Pieces is the third solo album from guitarist Anthony Phillips.	Private Parts and Pieces	Anthony Phillips
performer	The New Goodies LP was the second LP record released by The Goodies.	The New Goodies LP	The Goodies
performer	Time Does Not Heal is the fourth studio album by Dark Angel, which was released in 1991.	Time Does Not Heal	Dark Angel
performer	Le visage de l'amour is the last album Dalida released a year before her death.	Le visage de l'amour	Dalida
performer	Howl of the Lonely Crowd is the sixth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.	Howl of the Lonely Crowd	Comet Gain
performer	``Sexy Bitch'' (also known as ``Sexy Chick'' in clean versions) is a song by French DJ David Guetta recorded for his fourth studio album One Love (2009).	Sexy Bitch	David Guetta
performer	``Jackie's Racing'' is a song by Scottish rock band Whiteout, released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).	Jackie's Racing	Whiteout
performer	Neil Hamburger is a standup comedian character played by comedian and musician Gregg Turkington.	Neil Hamburger	Gregg Turkington
performer	``Boys in Town'' is the debut single by Australian rock band Divinyls, released in 1981.	Boys in Town	Divinyls
performer	Estranei a partire da ieri is the fourth single of Alessandra Amoroso.	Estranei a partire da ieri	Alessandra Amoroso
performer	``Tu te reconnaîtras'' (``You'll Recognize Yourself''), sung in French by French singer Anne-Marie David representing Luxembourg, was the winning song at the Eurovision Song Contest 1973 -- on one of the rare occasions when a country has won the contest two years in succession.	Tu te reconnaîtras	Anne-Marie David
performer	The Makeover is singer Jody Watley's ninth studio album.	The Makeover	Jody Watley
performer	Sweet Child was a 1968 double album by the British folk-rock band Pentangle:	Sweet Child	Pentangle
performer	Love Calls is an album by saxophonist Eddie ``Lockjaw'' Davis with Paul Gonsalves recorded in 1968 for the RCA Victor label.	Love Calls	Eddie ``Lockjaw'' Davis
performer	Adult Crash is the third album by New York band, Leeway.	Adult Crash	Leeway
performer	``It Hurts (Slow)'' (Korean: ``아파 (Slow)''; Apa (Slow)) is a song by South Korean girl group 2NE1's album To Anyone.	It Hurts (Slow)	2NE1
performer	``We Just Be Dreamin' '' is a song by ten piece hip-hop group Blazin' Squad, released as the lead single from their second studio album, Now or Never.	We Just Be Dreamin'	Blazin' Squad
performer	More Than Music is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Promise, it was released on August 8, 2008.	More Than Music	Promise
performer	Mommy Don't Love Daddy Anymore is the fourth full-length album by American Christian rock band Resurrection Band, released in 1981.	Mommy Don't Love Daddy Anymore	Resurrection Band
performer	``Lonely Lisa'' is a 2010 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Mylène Farmer.	Lonely Lisa	Mylène Farmer
performer	Feelin' All Right is the tenth studio album and twelfth album overall by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage.	Feelin' All Right	New Riders of the Purple Sage
performer	Future Memories is the seventh studio album by German artist ATB, released on May 1, 2009.	Future Memories	ATB
performer	Serve In Silence is the fourth full-length studio album by Filipino rock band Wolfgang.	Serve In Silence	Wolfgang
performer	Keep On Wombling was the third album released by The Wombles.	Keep On Wombling	The Wombles
performer	``We Got the Love'' is a song written by Steve Bogard and Rick Giles and recorded by the American country music group Restless Heart.	We Got the Love	Restless Heart
performer	``Feelin' Stronger Every Day'' is a song written by Peter Cetera and James Pankow for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago VI (1973).	Feelin' Stronger Every Day	Chicago
performer	``Que No Se Rompa la Noche'' (``May the Night Have No End'') is a ballad written and produced by Spanish singer-songwriter Manuel Alejandro, co-written by Ana Magdalena, and performed by Spanish singer Julio Iglesias.	Que No Se Rompa la Noche	Julio Iglesias
performer	``The Harder I Try'' is a single by British boyband Brother Beyond.	The Harder I Try	Brother Beyond
performer	The Damned, the Shamed is the third full-length album release by Californian hardcore band Terror.	The Damned, the Shamed	Terror
performer	The Enigma of Life is the fifth full-length studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia and their second with the Spanish vocalist Ailyn.	The Enigma of Life	Sirenia
performer	Steeltown is the second studio album by Scottish band Big Country.	Steeltown	Big Country
performer	``One Man Wrecking Machine'' is the 4th song from Guster's 2006 album Ganging Up on the Sun. The song was included for the soundtrack to the 2007 movie Disturbia, and was played at the closing scene.	One Man Wrecking Machine	Guster
performer	``Do You Feel Like We Do'' is a song by Peter Frampton originally appearing on the Frampton's Camel album that he released in 1973.	Do You Feel Like We Do	Peter Frampton
performer	``Parla con me'' (``Talk to Me'') is a 2009 song by Italian singer-songwriter Eros Ramazzotti and the first single released from his eleventh studio album Ali e radici.	Parla con me	Eros Ramazzotti
performer	``Take It to the Head'' is a song by American hip hop artist DJ Khaled, released as the lead single from his sixth studio album, Kiss the Ring.	Take It to the Head	DJ Khaled
performer	Syncopated City is fourth studio album and sixth album overall by liquid funk act London Elektricity.	Syncopated City	London Elektricity
performer	Music for 18 Musicians is a work of musical minimalism composed by Steve Reich during 1974-1976.	Music for 18 Musicians	Steve Reich
performer	In Search of Solid Ground is the second studio album by American rock band Saosin released on September 8, 2009.	In Search of Solid Ground	Saosin
performer	``Million Bucks'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Maino, taken from his debut studio album, If Tomorrow Comes....	Million Bucks	Maino
performer	Slide On Over Here is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Steve Azar.	Slide On Over Here	Steve Azar
performer	Up in Them Guts is a 2004 studio album by punk rock band Planes Mistaken for Stars.	Up in Them Guts	Planes Mistaken for Stars
performer	``The Beauty in Ugly'' is a song recorded by Jason Mraz in support of the ``Be Ugly '07'' campaign that was created for the television show Ugly Betty.	The Beauty in Ugly	Jason Mraz
performer	She Teaches Defeat is the second release from Canadian post-hardcore band Lights Below, released on September 4th 2007.	She Teaches Defeat	Lights Below
performer	``United Breaks Guitars'' is a trio of protest songs by Canadian musician Dave Carroll and his band, Sons of Maxwell.	United Breaks Guitars	Sons of Maxwell
performer	The Gates of Gnomeria, released September 10, 2007, is Andy McKee's fourth studio album.	The Gates of Gnomeria	Andy McKee
performer	``Age Ain't Nothing but a Number'' is a song by American singer Aaliyah, written and produced by R. Kelly for her debut album of the same name (1994).	Age Ain't Nothing but a Number	Aaliyah
performer	Música + Alma + Sexo (English: Music + Soul + Sex) is the ninth studio album by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Ricky Martin.	Música + Alma + Sexo	Ricky Martin
performer	Someday Maybe is the 1996 fourth album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks.	Someday Maybe	The Clarks
performer	Terrorcrowned is the first and also probably the last release of the German black metal band Sindecade.	Terrorcrowned	Sindecade
performer	``Poor Misguided Fool'' is the fifth and final single from the album Love Is Here by British pop band Starsailor.	Poor Misguided Fool	Starsailor
performer	``Man I Hate Your Band'' was the fourth single to be released by Little Man Tate.	Man I Hate Your Band	Little Man Tate
performer	``Don't Leave Me'' is a single by R&B group Blackstreet, produced by Teddy Riley.	Don't Leave Me	Blackstreet
performer	Tiny Tina and Little John is a 1977 album by Australian singers Tina Arena and John Bowles.	Tiny Tina and Little John	Tina Arena
performer	From Beer to Eternity is the thirteenth and final studio album by industrial metal band Ministry.	From Beer to Eternity	Ministry
performer	Sheel Oyoonak Anni (Arabic شيل عيونك عني) - released in 2001 - was the second Album by Nancy Ajram.	Sheel Oyoonak Anni	Nancy Ajram
performer	If I Don't Stay the Night is the second album from American country singer Mindy McCready.	If I Don't Stay the Night	Mindy McCready
performer	Memory Serves is a 1981 album by the New York based No Wave music group Material.	Memory Serves	Material
performer	Brothers of the Road is the eighth studio album, and tenth album overall, by the rock group the Allman Brothers Band.	Brothers of the Road	Allman Brothers Band
performer	``Hip to My Heart'' is the title of a debut song co-written and recorded by The Band Perry, an American country music group.	Hip to My Heart	The Band Perry
performer	Ompa til du dør (Ompa until you die) is the debut album of Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra, released on September 1, 2001.	Ompa til du dør	Kaizers Orchestra
performer	Be a Girl is the third album by Swedish alternative rock band The Wannadies.	Be a Girl	The Wannadies
performer	``I Hope You Dance'' is a crossover country pop song written by Mark Sanders and Tia Sillers and recorded by country singer Lee Ann Womack with Sons of the Desert.	I Hope You Dance	Lee Ann Womack	Sons of the Desert
performer	Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) is the debut studio album by the American hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan, released November 9, 1993, on Loud Records and distributed through RCA Records.	Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)	Wu-Tang Clan
performer	Priče matorih pokvarenjaka is the fifth album by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap, released by the band themselves as a free download album, available at the Serbian official site of Converse as well as at the band's official site.	Priče matorih pokvarenjaka	Atheist Rap
performer	``Det snurrar i min skalle'' (English translation: ``It's spinning in my head'') is the most successful single from Swedish indie-techno outfit Familjen from the 2007 album Det snurrar i min skalle.	Det snurrar i min skalle	Familjen
performer	Blood Pressures is the fourth studio album by indie rock band The Kills.	Blood Pressures	The Kills
performer	Apropos Cluster is a full-length studio album by Dieter Moebius and Hans-Joachim Roedelius also known as German electronic music outfit Cluster.	Apropos Cluster	Dieter Moebius
performer	You Turn Me On is the fifth album by lo-fi/indie rock band Beat Happening, released in 1992.	You Turn Me On	Beat Happening
performer	Homebrew 2 is an album by Steve Howe released in 2000 as part of the Homebrew franchise.	Homebrew 2	Steve Howe
performer	Record Without a Cover is an album by artist Christian Marclay.	Record Without a Cover	Christian Marclay
performer	``First Train Home'' is a song by British singer/songwriter Imogen Heap, and the only single off her third solo album Ellipse.	First Train Home	Imogen Heap
performer	For Whose Advantage? is a second studio album by British thrash metal band Xentrix.	For Whose Advantage?	Xentrix
performer	``Water of Love'' is a song written by Mark Knopfler and originally released on Dire Straits' self-titled debut album.	Water of Love	Dire Straits
performer	Singing Drums is an album by percussionist Pierre Favre recorded in 1984 and released on the ECM label.	Singing Drums	Pierre Favre
performer	I Scream Up to the Sky is the second album by Hungarian groove metal band, Ektomorf.	I Scream Up to the Sky	Ektomorf
performer	``Shakey Ground'' is a 1975 R&B single by The Temptations.	Shakey Ground	The Temptations
performer	Flesh and Wood is the seventh album by Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes.	Flesh and Wood	Jimmy Barnes
performer	Lost on the Way is an album by French clarinetist and composer Louis Sclavis recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label.	Lost on the Way	Louis Sclavis
performer	Recent Forgeries is the third studio album by the actor Viggo Mortensen, released in 1998.	Recent Forgeries	Viggo Mortensen
performer	``Power & Control'' is a song by Welsh singer Marina Diamandis, professionally known as Marina and the Diamonds, from her second studio album Electra Heart (2012).	Power & Control	Marina and the Diamonds
performer	``Lovin' Each Day'' is the fourth and final single released from Boyzone frontman Ronan Keating's debut solo album, Ronan.	Lovin' Each Day	Ronan Keating
performer	Permission to Fly is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Jordan Pruitt.	Permission to Fly	Jordan Pruitt
performer	Zeroed Out is the debut album by Seattle, Washington band The Cunninghams.	Zeroed Out	The Cunninghams
performer	The Finer Things is a compilation album of recordings by Steve Winwood.	The Finer Things	Steve Winwood
performer	Wojna Przeciwko Ziemi is the fifth album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty.	Wojna Przeciwko Ziemi	Włochaty
performer	We Think as Instruments, the third full-length recording from I'm Not a Gun shows the band moving away from their electronica roots towards unadulterated and instrumental rock music.	We Think as Instruments	I'm Not a Gun
performer	``Anthem for the Year 2000'' is a song by Silverchair, which was released as the first single from their third album, Neon Ballroom.	Anthem for the Year 2000	Silverchair
performer	Is It Safe? is the 1983 second album from Ph.D. It would be their last album until 2009's comeback Three.	Is It Safe?	Ph.D.
performer	There's Gonna Be a Showdown is a 1969 album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells, released by the record label Atlantic.	There's Gonna Be a Showdown	Archie Bell & the Drells
performer	Long Live Heavy Metal is the fifth and final studio album from the Canadian heavy metal band 3 Inches of Blood.	Long Live Heavy Metal	3 Inches of Blood
performer	Bunt i Miłość is the tenth album by the Polish punk rock band Włochaty.	Bunt i Miłość	Włochaty
performer	Possessed by Fire is the first studio album by the German thrash metal band Exumer.	Possessed by Fire	Exumer
performer	Phases and Stages is a 1974 album by Willie Nelson, which followed the moderate success of his first Atlantic Records release, Shotgun Willie. Nelson met producer Jerry Wexler at a party where Nelson sang songs from an unreleased album he had recorded in 1972.	Phases and Stages	Willie. Nelson
performer	``Leash Called Love'' is a song written and recorded by the Icelandic band The Sugarcubes for their 1992 album Stick Around for Joy, and their follow up to their number one Billboard Modern Rock Tracks single ``Hit''.	Leash Called Love	The Sugarcubes
performer	The Prime Element is a jazz album by jazz drummer Elvin Jones, originally released in 1976 as part of the ``Blue Note Re-issue Series''.	The Prime Element	Elvin Jones
performer	``The Good in Everyone'' is the first single from Canadian rock band Sloan's third studio album, One Chord to Another.	The Good in Everyone	Sloan
performer	``The Bartender and the Thief'' is a 1998 single by Welsh rock band the Stereophonics.	The Bartender and the Thief	Stereophonics
performer	Ribbed is the third studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX.	Ribbed	NOFX
performer	``Desert Song'' is a song by British hard rock band Def Leppard from their 1993 rarities and 'b-sides' album Retro Active.	Desert Song	Def Leppard
performer	``Suit & Tie'' is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake for his third studio album, The 20/20 Experience (2013).	Suit & Tie	Justin Timberlake
performer	Fools Meeting is an album by Carol Grimes with the British blues/progressive rock band Delivery, founded in the late 1968.	Fools Meeting	Delivery
performer	``Good Luck My Way'' is the thirty-eighth single, and first 20th L'Anniversary's single, by L'Arc-en-Ciel, released on June 29, 2011.	Good Luck My Way	L'Arc-en-Ciel
performer	The Mediator Between Head and Hands Must Be the Heart is the thirteenth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura.	The Mediator Between Head and Hands Must Be the Heart	Sepultura
performer	Superpickers is an album by guitarist Chet Atkins and top recording session players in Nashville, TN.	Superpickers	Chet Atkins
performer	Halfway Around the World was A-Teens' second single from their second album Teen Spirit.	Halfway Around the World	A-Teens
performer	``I Will Not Bow'' is the first single from alternative metal band Breaking Benjamin's 2009 album Dear Agony.	I Will Not Bow	Breaking Benjamin
performer	Profities (Greek: Προφητείιες; English: Prophecies) is the fourth studio album by Greek singer Despina Vandi.	Profities	Despina Vandi
performer	Abandoned Luncheonette is the second studio album by the American pop music duo Hall & Oates, released in 1973, which combines folk, philly soul, and acoustic soul.	Abandoned Luncheonette	Hall & Oates
performer	God the Lux is the second full-length album by Polish symphonic black metal band Vesania.	God the Lux	Vesania
performer	``Heaven Help'' is a single taken from American rock musician Lenny Kravitz' 1993 album Are You Gonna Go My Way.	Heaven Help	Lenny Kravitz
performer	``Life in Technicolor II'' (properly spelled and written as ``Life in Technicolor ii''), is a song by British alternative rock band Coldplay and the first single from the band's 2008 EP, Prospekt's March.	Life in Technicolor II	Coldplay
performer	Du borde tycka om mig is an album by Bo Kaspers Orkester, released in 2012.	Du borde tycka om mig	Bo Kaspers Orkester
performer	Dirty Gay Hits is the debut album by singer/comedian Jonny McGovern (a.k.a. ``The Gay Pimp'').	Dirty Gay Hits	Jonny McGovern
performer	The Sinatra Family Wish You a Merry Christmas is a 1968 Christmas album by Frank Sinatra and featuring his children, Frank Sinatra, Jr., Nancy Sinatra and Tina Sinatra.	The Sinatra Family Wish You a Merry Christmas	Frank Sinatra
performer	Chapter Dos is the third album from Bachata group, Xtreme.	Chapter Dos	Xtreme
performer	Done with Mirrors is the eighth studio album by American rock band Aerosmith, released November 9, 1985.	Done with Mirrors	Aerosmith
performer	Salt Song is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the CTI Note label featuring performances by Turrentine with an orchestra arranged by Eumir Deodato.	Salt Song	Stanley Turrentine
performer	``Tight Connection to My Heart (Has Anybody Seen My Love)'' is a song by Bob Dylan that was released on his 1985 album Empire Burlesque.	Tight Connection to My Heart (Has Anybody Seen My Love)	Bob Dylan
performer	``Crying, Waiting, Hoping'' is a song by written by Buddy Holly.	Crying, Waiting, Hoping	Buddy Holly
performer	You Boyz Make Big Noize is the fourteenth album by the British rock group Slade.	You Boyz Make Big Noize	Slade
performer	Die Hards is the fourth album by hardcore punk rock band The Casualties.	Die Hards	The Casualties
performer	A Portrait of Thelonious is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell, released on Columbia in 1965, featuring a session recorded at Studio Charlot in Paris on 17 December 1961, with Pierre Michelot on bass and Kenny Clarke on drums.	A Portrait of Thelonious	Bud Powell
performer	The Kids Will Take Their Monsters On is the second official studio album by American rock band Automatic Loveletter, released on July 23, 2011.	The Kids Will Take Their Monsters On	Automatic Loveletter
performer	There Goes Rhymin' Simon is the third solo studio album by American musician Paul Simon rush-released on May 5, 1973.	There Goes Rhymin' Simon	Paul Simon
performer	Verehrt und Angespien (Worshipped and Spat At) is the second folk metal album by the German band In Extremo.	Verehrt und Angespien	In Extremo
performer	Trust Your Instincts is the fifth album by Count Basic released in 2000	Trust Your Instincts	Count Basic
performer	``If I Never See Your Face Again'' is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5 from the June 2008 re-release of the group's second studio album, It Won't Be Soon Before Long (2007).	If I Never See Your Face Again	Maroon 5
performer	Wenn Der Südwind Weht is the seventh solo album by German keyboardist Hans-Joachim Roedelius, best known for his work with Cluster, Harmonia, and Aquarello.	Wenn Der Südwind Weht	Hans-Joachim Roedelius
performer	Diabolus in Musica is the eighth studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer.	Diabolus in Musica	Slayer
performer	``Sweet Guy'' was the first single released by Australian rock group Paul Kelly and the Messengers from their 1989 studio album, So Much Water So Close to Home.	Sweet Guy	Paul Kelly
performer	``When Did Your Heart Go Missing?'' is the lead single from Los Angeles power pop band Rooney from their second album Calling the World.	When Did Your Heart Go Missing?	Rooney
performer	``Hollywood Tonight'' is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson, included on his posthumous album, Michael.	Hollywood Tonight	Michael Jackson
performer	Yellow Boogie & Blues is a studio album by American R&B and Boogie-woogie pianist and vocalist Little Willie Littlefield.	Yellow Boogie & Blues	Little Willie Littlefield
performer	Smiling at Strangers is an Australian Hip Hop album by TZU, released in 2005.	Smiling at Strangers	TZU
performer	``You're Gonna Lose Us'' is a non-album single from The Cribs, and was released on 5 December 2005, charting at #30 on the UK Singles Chart.	You're Gonna Lose Us	The Cribs
performer	``Loves Me Not'' was a planned fourth single for the album Dangerous and Moving by t.A.T.u.	Loves Me Not	t.A.T.u
performer	``Chinese Walk'' is a song by French singer Amanda Lear, released in 2011 by Little Boom Records.	Chinese Walk	Amanda Lear
performer	Ice Pickin' is the sixth studio album released in 1978 by the blues man Albert Collins.	Ice Pickin'	Albert Collins
performer	Estamos locos... ¿o qué? is the third studio album by Spanish rock band Hombres G, released in 1987.	Estamos locos... ¿o qué?	Hombres G
performer	Front Parlour Ballads is the eleventh studio album by Richard Thompson, released in 2005.	Front Parlour Ballads	Richard Thompson
performer	``Je sais pas'' (meaning ``I Don't Know'') is the second and last commercial single from album D'eux by Celine Dion.	Je sais pas	Celine Dion
performer	Anthology 3 is a compilation album by the Beatles released in October 1996 by Apple Records as part of The Beatles Anthology series.	Anthology 3	The Beatles
performer	Cositas Buenas is an album featuring Paco de Lucía and directed by Paco de Lucía with the collaboration of Javier Limón.	Cositas Buenas	Paco de Lucía
performer	``Why, Pt. 2'' is a song by the American alternative rock band Collective Soul, released on their 2000 album Blender.	Why, Pt. 2	Collective Soul
performer	Storm Seeker is the debut album by former Dimmu Borgir vocalist/bass guitarist, and current Arcturus vocalist and Borknagar vocalist/bassist ICS Vortex, which was released on August 22, 2011 in Europe and August 23, 2011 in North America.	Storm Seeker	ICS Vortex
performer	Sociedade da Grã-Ordem Kavernista Apresenta Sessão das 10 (Society of the Kavernist Great-Order Presents 10:00 Session) is the second album by Brazilian rock musician Raul Seixas.	Sociedade da Grã-Ordem Kavernista Apresenta Sessão das 10	Raul Seixas
performer	Alles wieder offen is an album by the German avant-garde/experimental band Einstürzende Neubauten.	Alles wieder offen	Einstürzende Neubauten
performer	50 States, 50 Laughs is the name of a 2000 album by alternative comedian Neil Hamburger.	50 States, 50 Laughs	Neil Hamburger
performer	Our Man in Jazz is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, recorded for the RCA Victor label, featuring July 1962 performances by Rollins with Don Cherry, Bob Cranshaw, and Billy Higgins.	Our Man in Jazz	Sonny Rollins
performer	The State of His Art is a studio album by American composer/arranger/pianist Clare Fischer, recorded May 1973 and released in 1976 by Revelation Records, and on CD by Clare Fischer Productions in 2007.	The State of His Art	Clare Fischer
performer	``Un Momento'' is a song by Inna and the third single taken from her second studio album I Am the Club Rocker.	Un Momento	Inna
performer	``Nothing Suits Me Like a Suit'' is a single performed by Neil Patrick Harris and the cast of the comedy series How I Met Your Mother from the 100th episode ``Girls Versus Suits''.	Nothing Suits Me Like a Suit	Neil Patrick Harris
performer	Angel with an Attitude is the sixth studio album released by British recording artist Samantha Fox.	Angel with an Attitude	Samantha Fox
performer	Geechee Recollections is an album by American jazz saxophonist Marion Brown recorded in 1973 and released on the Impulse! label.	Geechee Recollections	Marion Brown
performer	Amy Jane is the third single to be produced by multi-instrumentalist/composer Tim Scott, first released on 9 November 2009.	Amy Jane	Tim Scott
performer	Queen of Rain was the second single taken from Swedish pop duo Roxette's 1992 album, Tourism:	Queen of Rain	Roxette
performer	First Frost is the eleventh album release and ninth and final studio album by The Lucksmiths released in October 2008.	First Frost	The Lucksmiths
performer	Formica Blues is an album from UK band Mono.	Formica Blues	Mono
performer	``Beating My Heart'' is a song by American piano rock singer Jon McLaughlin and was the first and only single from his album OK Now.	Beating My Heart	Jon McLaughlin
performer	Life at Best is an album by Eli Young Band, an American country music band.	Life at Best	Eli Young Band
performer	``Ich weiss, es wird einmal ein Wunder geschehen'' is a song composed by Bruno Balz and Michael Jary, which was originally recorded by Swedish actress and singer Zarah Leander.	Ich weiss, es wird einmal ein Wunder geschehen	Zarah Leander
performer	Psychedelic Pill is the thirty-third studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young.	Psychedelic Pill	Neil Young
performer	``Vicinity of Obscenity'' is a song and a promotional single by Armenian-American alternative metal band System of a Down, released on May 2006 to promote the release of the digital version of ``Lonely Day'', released in the United Kingdom on May 29, 2006.	Vicinity of Obscenity	System of a Down
performer	Ma Rainey's version became popular during 1925, as ``See See Rider Blues.''	See See Rider	Ma Rainey
performer	A Shared History of Tragedy is the second album from Canadian rock band The Black Maria.	A Shared History of Tragedy	The Black Maria
performer	``Uptown Anthem'' is a 1992 song by hip-hop group Naughty by Nature.	Uptown Anthem	Naughty by Nature
performer	The Industrialist is the eighth studio album by American heavy metal band Fear Factory, released on June 5, 2012.	The Industrialist	Fear Factory
performer	``I Don't Depend on You'' is a disco-influenced song by the British synthpop group The Human League released under the pseudonym The Men.	I Don't Depend on You	The Human League
performer	Death Chants, Breakdowns & Military Waltzes is a 1963 album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey.	Death Chants, Breakdowns & Military Waltzes	John Fahey
performer	Sun Giant is the second EP by Seattle-based indie folk band Fleet Foxes.	Sun Giant	Fleet Foxes
performer	Pleasant Screams is the eighth album by pop punk band The Queers and the sixth album released on Lookout!	Pleasant Screams	The Queers
performer	Tales of Tragedy is the third full-length album released by Cypriot Power metal band Winter's Verge.	Tales of Tragedy	Winter's Verge
performer	Peanut Butter Blues & Melancholy Jam is the debut album of British singer and electronic producer Ghostpoet.	Peanut Butter Blues & Melancholy Jam	Ghostpoet
performer	Epsilon in Malaysian Pale, also known as Ypsilon in Malaysian Pale, is Edgar Froese's second studio album, released in 1975.	Epsilon in Malaysian Pale	Edgar Froese
performer	``Everything Is Good for You'' is a 1996 song by rock group Crowded House.	Everything Is Good for You	Crowded House
performer	``The Man Who Called Himself Jesus'' is a song by English band Strawbs written by Dave Cousins.	The Man Who Called Himself Jesus	Strawbs
performer	``Kufor a šál'' (English: A Suit and a Scarf) is a song by Marika Gombitová and Janko Lehotský released on OPUS in 1980.	Kufor a šál	Marika Gombitová
performer	Amplified // A Decade of Reinventing the Cello is the second greatest hits album by Apocalyptica.	Amplified // A Decade of Reinventing the Cello	Apocalyptica
performer	Glamoured is an album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson.	Glamoured	Cassandra Wilson
performer	``E No Easy'' is a 2009 song by P-Square featuring J. Martins that was revived as a bilingual French/English song ``Positif'' by Matt Houston featuring P-Square in 2012 becoming a hit in France.	E No Easy	P-Square
performer	Myrskyntuoja (English: Stormbringer) is the third studio album by the Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni.	Myrskyntuoja	Teräsbetoni
performer	Philly '76 is a live album by Frank Zappa, recorded on October 29, 1976 at the Spectrum in Philadelphia, PA, and released by the Zappa Family Trust on Vaulternative Records on December 21, 2009 to commemorate Frank Zappa's 69th birthday.	Philly '76	Frank Zappa
performer	I Got That Work is the third studio album by hip hop duo Big Tymers.	I Got That Work	Big Tymers
performer	``Dressin' Up'' is a song by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry from Teenage Dream:	Dressin' Up	Katy Perry
performer	``Surfin' Bird'' is a song performed by the American surf rock band The Trashmen, and it is also the name of the album that featured this hit single.	Surfin' Bird	The Trashmen
performer	The People's Key is the eighth studio album by Bright Eyes, the Nebraska band of Conor Oberst, Mike Mogis, and Nate Walcott.	The People's Key	Bright Eyes
performer	Andromeda Heights is a 1997 album by English pop group Prefab Sprout.	Andromeda Heights	Prefab Sprout
performer	Willst du mit mir gehn (German: Do you want to go with me) is the thirteenth studio album of German pop singer Nena.	Willst du mit mir gehn	Nena
performer	``Veteran Cosmic Rocker'' is a 1981 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues.	Veteran Cosmic Rocker	The Moody Blues
performer	Night of the Living Drag Queens is the second full-length release by North Carolina punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.	Night of the Living Drag Queens	Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13
performer	Fantasía Pop (Pop Fantasy) is the third studio album by the Mexican electropop band Belanova.	Fantasía Pop	Belanova
performer	Heads and Hearts is the fourth studio album by English post-punk band The Sound, recorded in late 1984 and released in February 1985 by record label Statik.	Heads and Hearts	The Sound
performer	``Il mio amore unico'' (English: My only love) is a song by Italian singer Dolcenera, released in 2009 as the lead single from her fourth studio album, Dolcenera nel paese delle meraviglie.	Il mio amore unico	Dolcenera
performer	Red Wine and Blue is the first and only studio album by Australian alternative country band The Dearhunters, which was released in 1999.	Red Wine and Blue	The Dearhunters
performer	Slip of the Tongue is the eighth studio album by the British hard rock band Whitesnake, released in 1989.	Slip of the Tongue	Whitesnake
performer	``Suffer Little Children'' is a song by the English rock band The Smiths, that was included on their eponymous debut album in 1984.	Suffer Little Children	The Smiths
performer	``The Whole of the Moon'' is a 1985 single taken from The Waterboys' album This Is the Sea.	The Whole of the Moon	The Waterboys
performer	The Garden of Mirrors is an album by Stephan Micus, released by the ECM label.	The Garden of Mirrors	Stephan Micus
performer	Camera Camera is the tenth studio album by the British progressive rock band Renaissance, released in 1981.	Camera Camera	Renaissance
performer	``Favourite Shirts (Boy Meets Girl)'' is the debut single by the British new wave band Haircut One Hundred, released in 1981.	Favourite Shirts (Boy Meets Girl)	Haircut One Hundred
performer	Cool Touch is a 1990 album, recorded by the English singer-songwriter, Leo Sayer.	Cool Touch	Leo Sayer
performer	``Livin' in the Life'' is the second song released from The Isley Brothers' 1977 album, Go for Your Guns.	Livin' in the Life	The Isley Brothers
performer	Doom, Gloom, Heartache & Whiskey is the third studio album by English hard rock band Viking Skull.	Doom, Gloom, Heartache & Whiskey	Viking Skull
performer	Tijuana Jazz is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Gary McFarland and trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse! label.	Tijuana Jazz	Gary McFarland
performer	Niže nego ljudski (Less Than Human) is the second studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut, released by Zvono Records in 1998.	Niže nego ljudski	Supernaut
performer	In the Evenings Out There is an album by pianist Paul Bley, bassist Gary Peacock, drummer Tony Oxley and saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1991 and released on the ECM label in 1993.	In the Evenings Out There	Paul Bley
performer	Out Where the Bright Lights Are Glowing is the twelfth studio album by country music artist Ronnie Milsap.	Out Where the Bright Lights Are Glowing	Ronnie Milsap
performer	Pieces of Eighty-Eight is the second and final album by American jazz pianist Evans Bradshaw featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label.	Pieces of Eighty-Eight	Evans Bradshaw
performer	Friday Afternoon in the Universe is an album released by experimental jazz fusion trio Medeski Martin & Wood.	Friday Afternoon in the Universe	Medeski Martin & Wood
performer	Theater of Salvation is the fourth (or third ``official'') studio album by German power metal band Edguy, released in 1999.	Theater of Salvation	Edguy
performer	Here's the Man!!! is the second studio album by Bobby Bland, released in 1962.	Here's the Man!	Bobby Bland
performer	Back in '72 is the sixth studio album by American rock singer/songwriter Bob Seger, released in 1973.	Back in '72	Bob Seger
performer	Sam na sam is the third album by Czech-Polish pop singer Ewa Farna, released on the November 9, 2007.	Sam na sam	Ewa Farna
performer	I Am You Are is the début album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2001.	I Am You Are	Jennifer Gentle
performer	``I Don't Care (Just as Long as You Love Me)'' is a 1964 single by Buck Owens, and was his fourth number one on the country chart.	I Don't Care (Just as Long as You Love Me)	Buck Owens
performer	The Naked Carmen is a 1970 recording by David Hess and John Corigliano.	The Naked Carmen	David Hess
performer	Eternamente Bella (Eternally beautiful) is the third album by Mexican iconic Rock singer Alejandra Guzmán.	Eternamente Bella	Alejandra Guzmán
performer	Lost in a Moment is the third album by Norwegian musician Lene Marlin.	Lost in a Moment	Lene Marlin
performer	``Vyznanie'' (in English transcribed as ``Why (Must I Always Fail)?'', respectively also known as ``Declaration'') is a song by the female singer Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1979.	Vyznanie	Marika Gombitová
performer	Weak in the Presence of Beauty was the second and last album by English sophisti-pop band Floy Joy.	Weak in the Presence of Beauty	Floy Joy
performer	``Sunshine on a Rainy Day'' is a 1990 single released by British female pop singer and songwriter Zoë.	Sunshine on a Rainy Day	Zoë
performer	``Semmozhiyaana Thamizh Mozhiyaam'' (Tamil: செம்மொழியான தமிழ் மொழியாம்; alternately titled Tamil Meet Anthem, World Classical Tamil Conference Theme or Semmozhi) is a Tamil song composed by A. R. Rahman, penned by former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi and performed by several leading Tamil artistes of over three generations.	Semmozhiyaana Thamizh Mozhiyaam	A. R. Rahman
performer	Peace by Piece is the ninth album by San Francisco psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service and the first to be released with guitarist Gary Duncan at the sole command.	Peace by Piece	Quicksilver Messenger Service
performer	I've Always Been Crazy is a country album by Waylon Jennings, released on RCA Victor in 1978.	I've Always Been Crazy	Waylon Jennings
performer	This Armor is the second studio album recorded by Japanese singer-songwriter Chihiro Onitsuka, released in March 2002.	This Armor	Chihiro Onitsuka
performer	Last of Analog Sessions is a box set album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.	Last of Analog Sessions	Merzbow
performer	That Smiling Face is the fourth single by German synthpop group Camouflage, released exclusively in the US during the fall of 1988.	That Smiling Face	Camouflage
performer	Submit to Desire was the second full-length LP by Sleep Chamber.	Submit to Desire	Sleep Chamber
performer	The Light Meets the Dark is the second major label studio album from Christian pop rock band Tenth Avenue North.	The Light Meets the Dark	Tenth Avenue North
performer	Psychoderelict is a concept album written, produced and engineered by Pete Townshend.	Psychoderelict	Pete Townshend
performer	``I Should Have Cheated is a song by American R&B recording artist Keyshia Cole, written by 112 members Daron Jones and Quinnes ''Q`` Parker for her debut album, The Way It Is (2005).	I Should Have Cheated	Keyshia Cole
performer	``Comfortably Numb'' (working title ``The Doctor'') is a song by the English rock band Pink Floyd, which first appears on the 1979 double album The Wall.	Comfortably Numb	Pink Floyd
performer	You Better Believe Me is an album by the Ramsey Lewis Trio, featuring vocalist Jean DuShon on six tracks, which was recorded in late 1964 and early 1965 and released on the Argo label.	You Better Believe Me	Ramsey Lewis
performer	``Natteravn'' is a pop song recorded by Danish singer Rasmus Seebach taken from his debut album by the same name.	Natteravn	Rasmus Seebach
performer	``Second Round K.O.'' was a single from Canibus' debut album, Can-I-Bus.	Second Round K.O.	Canibus
performer	In City Dreams is guitarist and songwriter Robin Trower's fifth solo studio album.	In City Dreams	Robin Trower
performer	Naked Guitar is a solo-guitar studio album by Earl Klugh released in 2005.	Naked Guitar	Earl Klugh
performer	And Far Away is an album by American jazz pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1983 and released on the Soul Note label.	And Far Away	Kenny Drew
performer	The Tra-La Days Are Over is a 1973 album by American singer-songwriter Neil Sedaka.	The Tra-La Days Are Over	Neil Sedaka
performer	Basil Rathbone played Holmes and Nigel Bruce played Watson in fourteen U.S. films (two for 20th Century Fox and a dozen for Universal Pictures) from 1939 to 1946, and in The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes on the Mutual radio network from 1939 to 1946 (before the role of Holmes passed to Tom Conway).	Sherlock Holmes	Basil Rathbone
performer	Ships in the Forest is a studio album by Irish traditional singer Karan Casey, and the first to be released primarily on her own label.	Ships in the Forest	Karan Casey
performer	``My Kz, Ur Bf'' (often stylised as ``MY KZ, UR BF'' or ``My Keys, Your Boyfriend'') is a song from British indie pop band Everything Everything.	My Kz, Ur Bf	Everything Everything
performer	``Nothing Is Keeping You Here'' is a song by the Norwegian band a-ha taken from their ninth studio album Foot of the Mountain (2009).	Nothing Is Keeping You Here	a-ha
performer	``And It Feels Like'' was the first single from American country pop singer LeAnn Rimes' album Whatever We Wanna.	And It Feels Like	LeAnn Rimes
performer	Piss Frond is a double CD 1999 album by Dead Voices on Air.	Piss Frond	Dead Voices on Air
performer	``Kingyo Hanabi'' (金魚花火; Goldfish Fireworks) is Ai Otsuka's fifth single.	Kingyo Hanabi	Ai Otsuka
performer	Licking Cream is the third single by the band Sevendust from their second album Home.	Licking Cream	Sevendust
performer	Close the Distance is the second and final studio album from the American rock band Go Radio.	Close the Distance	Go Radio
performer	``Player's Anthem'' is the first single released from the Junior M.A.F.I.A.'s debut album Conspiracy.	Player's Anthem	Junior M.A.F.I.A.
performer	``Lovelight'' is a pop song written and originally performed by Lewis Taylor for his 2003 album Stoned, Part I. In 2006, the song was covered by British singer Robbie Williams.	Lovelight	Robbie Williams
performer	Bodies and Minds is the second album by Canadian folk rock group Great Lake Swimmers, released in 2005.	Bodies and Minds	Great Lake Swimmers
performer	Firefrost Arcanum is the first full-length album released by the Polish symphonic black metal band Vesania.	Firefrost Arcanum	Vesania
performer	Guitar Gangsters & Cadillac Blood is Danish ``metal & rollers'' Volbeat's third studio album.	Guitar Gangsters & Cadillac Blood	Volbeat
performer	``Stars Over 45'' is a song by Chas & Dave which was released as a single on 6 December 1981 and entered the UK Singles Chart at #59.	Stars Over 45	Chas & Dave
performer	Live at Hammersmith Odeon is a live Black Sabbath album recorded at three concerts between 31 December 1981 and 2 January 1982, during the Mob Rules tour.	Live at Hammersmith Odeon	Black Sabbath
performer	``Gimme Some Truth'' − or ``Give Me Some Truth'', as the title originally appeared on record sleeves − is a protest song written and performed by John Lennon.	Gimme Some Truth	John Lennon
performer	Semidevilish is the fourth album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat which was released in 2004.	Semidevilish	Darzamat
performer	Malvina My Sweet Woman is an album by American Delta blues guitarist, singer and songwriter Big Joe Williams.	Malvina My Sweet Woman	Big Joe Williams
performer	You Shoulda Told Me You Were... is the eighth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts.	You Shoulda Told Me You Were...	Kid Creole and the Coconuts
performer	King of the Grey Islands is the ninth studio album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass released on 22 June 2007.	King of the Grey Islands	Candlemass
performer	``Officially Missing You'' is a song by Canadian R&B recording artist Tamia, taken from her third studio album, More (2004).	Officially Missing You	Tamia
performer	``Noche de estrellas'' is a Spanish-language dance hit by Spanish music producer and DJ Jose de Rico and Dominican-Spanish reggaeton, house, Latin and dance singer Henry Mendez featuring Jay Santos.	Noche de estrellas	Henry Mendez	Jay Santos
performer	When I Was at Aso-Mountain is an album by jazz drummer Elvin Jones introducing Japanese pianist Takehisa Tanaka recorded in 1990 and released on the Enja label in 1993.	When I Was at Aso-Mountain	Elvin Jones
performer	``I Still Can't Get Over Loving You'' is a 1983 song written and performed by Ray Parker, Jr..	I Still Can't Get Over Loving You	Ray Parker
performer	``Sound and Vision'' is a song and single by David Bowie which appeared on the album Low in 1977.	Sound and Vision	David Bowie
performer	``Say Yeah'' is a song by an American hip hop recording artist Wiz Khalifa.	Say Yeah	Wiz Khalifa
performer	Zelluloid (German for ``Celluloid'') is the fourth studio album released by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Unheilig.	Zelluloid	Unheilig
performer	Shannon Rutherford was a fictional character played by Maggie Grace on the ABC drama television series Lost, which chronicled the lives of the survivors of a plane crash in the South Pacific.	Shannon Rutherford	Maggie Grace
performer	``Mystic Eyes'' is a song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison when he was leader of the band Them.	Mystic Eyes	Them
performer	Dream of a Lifetime was the first posthumously released compilation of music by the American soul singer Marvin Gaye.	Dream of a Lifetime	Marvin Gaye
performer	Pieces, Part One is the fifth studio album by Korean hip-hop group Epik High, released on April 17, 2008.	Pieces, Part One	Epik High
performer	``Black Wax'' is a single released by Glaswegian Indie rock band Dananananaykroyd.	Black Wax	Dananananaykroyd
performer	That same year, Merle Haggard, covered ``Kentucky Gambler'' where it was his nineteenth number one song on the country chart.	Kentucky Gambler	Merle Haggard
performer	``She Likes It in the Morning is the title of a country music song written by Clay Walker and M. Jason Greene.	She Likes It in the Morning	Clay Walker
performer	If I Could Be... is the fifth album by Meredith Brooks, released in 2007.	If I Could Be...	Meredith Brooks
performer	Maniac Meat is the second studio album by American electronic musician Tobacco.	Maniac Meat	Tobacco
performer	``Lisa Baby'' is a song by American hip hop artist Father MC, recorded for his debut album Father's Day.	Lisa Baby	Father MC
performer	``Tunnoton'' (English: Numb) is a Finnish-language song by Finnish pop singer Jenni Vartiainen, released as the debut single from her debut album Ihmisten edessä on 11 April 2007, by Warner Music Finland.	Tunnoton	Jenni Vartiainen
performer	``Galway Girl'' or ``The Galway Girl'' is a song written by Steve Earle and recorded with Irish musician Sharon Shannon, which was featured on Earle's 2000 album Transcendental Blues.	Galway Girl	Sharon Shannon
performer	``Just a Fool'' is a duet recorded by American singers Christina Aguilera and Blake Shelton for Aguilera's seventh studio album, Lotus (2012).	Just a Fool	Christina Aguilera	Blake Shelton
performer	``She Looks Good in Velvet'' was Eighteen Visions' second hit and first radio single.	She Looks Good in Velvet	Eighteen Visions
performer	Bull's Eye! is an album by pianist Barry Harris recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.	Bull's Eye!	Barry Harris
performer	``A Feelin' Like That'' is a song written by Ira Dean, David Lee Murphy, and Kim Tribble, and recorded by American country music artist Gary Allan.	A Feelin' Like That	Gary Allan
performer	``Shoot the Dog'' is a single by the singer-songwriter George Michael, released as the second single from his album, Patience, though released a year and a half prior to the album.	Shoot the Dog	George Michael
performer	Perpetual Desolation is the second and final studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band The Sins of Thy Beloved.	Perpetual Desolation	The Sins of Thy Beloved
performer	Loverly is an album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson, released in 2008.	Loverly	Cassandra Wilson
performer	6 Force is the first mini album (third overall) of electronica singer-lyricist Aira Mitsuki.	6 Force	Aira Mitsuki
performer	World of Noise is the debut album recorded by the band Everclear.	World of Noise	Everclear
performer	The Afro-Eurasian Eclipse (subtitled A Suite in Eight Parts) is a studio album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1971 and released on the Fantasy label in 1975.	The Afro-Eurasian Eclipse	Duke Ellington
performer	``When Am I Going to Make a Living'' is a song by English band Sade from their debut studio album Diamond Life (1984).	When Am I Going to Make a Living	Sade
performer	``Watch the Wind Blow By'' is a song written by Anders Osborne and Dylan Altman, and performed by American country music singer Tim McGraw.	Watch the Wind Blow By	Tim McGraw
performer	``Whiskey Girl'' is a song co-written and performed by American country music singer Toby Keith.	Whiskey Girl	Toby Keith
performer	``Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground'' is a gospel blues song written and performed by American musician Blind Willie Johnson and recorded in 1927.	Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground	Blind Willie Johnson
performer	``2 Legit 2 Quit'' is a single by MC Hammer featuring Saja aka Sonia Moore, released on September 5, 1991 as both the title track and first single of his fourth studio album, Too Legit to Quit (1991).	2 Legit 2 Quit	MC Hammer
performer	Ekti Katha is a Bengali album of the Indian singer Shreya Ghoshal, released in 1999 by Indian label Sagarika.	Ekti Katha	Shreya Ghoshal
performer	7-Tease is the twelfth studio album, and fourteenth album overall, from British singer-songwriter Donovan.	7-Tease	Donovan
performer	Power in Numbers is the third studio album from the alternative hip-hop group Jurassic 5 (on their second on a major label).	Power in Numbers	Jurassic 5
performer	``Superthug'' is a hip hop single by Puerto Rican American rapper N.O.R.E. (a/k/a Noreaga) with background vocals from Tammy Lucas during the song's hook.	Superthug	N.O.R.E.
performer	``World in My Eyes'' is Depeche Mode's 26th UK single, released on 17 September 1990, and the fourth and final single for the album Violator.	World in My Eyes	Depeche Mode
performer	Death Is Silent is the debut solo album by American producer/rapper Kno, member of CunninLynguists.	Death Is Silent	Kno
performer	Diamonds and Pearls is the thirteenth studio album by American recording artist Prince and The New Power Generation.	Diamonds and Pearls	Prince
performer	Argybargy is a 1980 album by the British new wave group Squeeze.	Argybargy	Squeeze
performer	Filthy! is Papa John Creach's second solo album and the first with his band Zulu.	Filthy!	Papa John Creach
performer	``On It'' is a single by American electropunk band Mindless Self Indulgence, released in the U.S. on July 8, 2008.	On It	Mindless Self Indulgence
performer	``Sei parte di me'' (en: You are part of me) is a pop song and third single by Zero Assoluto from their second studio album ``Appena prima di partire''.	Sei parte di me	Zero Assoluto
performer	Every Chance I Get is the third studio album by American country rap artist Colt Ford.	Every Chance I Get	Colt Ford
performer	Rudebox is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams, released on 23 October 2006 in the United Kingdom.	Rudebox	Robbie Williams
performer	``Es gibt kein Bier auf Hawaii'' (There is no beer on Hawaii) is a German schlager song, performed by the German singer Paul Kuhn in 1963.	Es gibt kein Bier auf Hawaii	Paul Kuhn
performer	Embareh Kan Omry Eshren (Arabic: إمبارح كان عمري عشرين‎) is a 2005 studio album by Mohamed Mounir.	Embareh Kan Omry Eshren	Mohamed Mounir
performer	``Here Comes Goodbye'' is a song written by American Idol season 6 finalist Chris Sligh and Clint Lagerberg and recorded by American country music group Rascal Flatts, who released it in January 2009 as the first from their album Unstoppable and the twenty-third single of their career.	Here Comes Goodbye	Rascal Flatts
performer	Mother Head's Family Reunion is the Richie Kotzen's first post-Poison solo album.	Mother Head's Family Reunion	Richie Kotzen
performer	Six Feet Down Under is a limited edition commemorative live EP by the American heavy metal band Metallica.	Six Feet Down Under	Metallica
performer	Bark at the Moon is the third studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne, originally released on 15 November 1983.	Bark at the Moon	Ozzy Osbourne
performer	Inside I'm Singing, released in 2007, is the ninth album by Secret Garden.	Inside I'm Singing	Secret Garden
performer	Featuring Freshness is the tenth compilation album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse.	Featuring Freshness	Insane Clown Posse
performer	El Tren de los Momentos is the eighth studio album recorded by Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz, which counts with the collaborations of Juanes, Antonio Carmona (ex-Ketama), Shakira and Calle 13.	El Tren de los Momentos	Alejandro Sanz
performer	``Only Shallow'' is a song by the shoegazing band My Bloody Valentine.	Only Shallow	My Bloody Valentine
performer	``Sing Sang Sung'' is a summery pop anthem song by the French duo Air.	Sing Sang Sung	Air
performer	Green Roses is the third studio album by the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts released in 1999.	Green Roses	Orthodox Celts
performer	Pause for a Hoarse Horse is the debut album of British rock band Home.	Pause for a Hoarse Horse	Home
performer	More Parts per Million is The Thermals' debut album.	More Parts per Million	The Thermals
performer	I'm Not Dead is the fourth studio album by the American recording artist and songwriter Pink.	I'm Not Dead	Pink
performer	Ridin' on the Blinds was the second and final album by the folk-rock trio of Rick Danko, Jonas Fjeld and Eric Andersen.	Ridin' on the Blinds	Rick Danko
performer	The Soul Album is the fourth studio album by American soul singer-songwriter Otis Redding, released in 1966.	The Soul Album	Otis Redding
performer	Rock the Rebel/Metal the Devil is the second album from Danish heavy metal act Volbeat, released in 2007.	Rock the Rebel/Metal the Devil	Volbeat
performer	Dreamchaser is the eleventh studio album by English singer and songwriter Sarah Brightman.	Dreamchaser	Sarah Brightman
performer	Somewhere in the Real World is the Gold album by Vanessa Amorosi, released in Australia on 24 May 2008.	Somewhere in the Real World	Vanessa Amorosi
performer	Kevin Volchok (often simply referred to as Volchok) is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., portrayed by Cam Gigandet.	Kevin Volchok	Cam Gigandet
performer	Diamond Hoo Ha is the sixth and final album by British alternative rock band Supergrass, released in the UK on 24 March 2008, and offers a return to punchier Supergrass songs, in comparison to the more mellow Road to Rouen, their previous album released in 2005.	Diamond Hoo Ha	Supergrass
performer	``The Honeythief'' is a 1986 song performed by the Scottish band Hipsway.	The Honeythief	Hipsway
performer	Jesus Price Supastar is the second studio album by rapper Sean Price, released on January 30, 2007 through Duck Down Records.	Jesus Price Supastar	Sean Price
performer	``Someone's Daughter'' is a song by Beth Orton, released as her fourth single, found on her 1996 release Trailer Park.	Someone's Daughter	Beth Orton
performer	She's the Boss is the solo album debut by The Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger released in 1985.	She's the Boss	Mick Jagger
performer	More Monsters and Sprites is the third EP and first remix album by American electronic music producer Skrillex.	More Monsters and Sprites	Skrillex
performer	``Escobar '97'' produced by the TrackMasters is a 1997 single by Nas on the soundtrack Men in Black:	Escobar '97	Nas
performer	Reach the Beach is the platinum-plus second studio album by British new wave band The Fixx, released in 1983.	Reach the Beach	The Fixx
performer	'Renegade Cavalcade' is the 22nd single release by Northern Irish band Ash.	Renegade Cavalcade	Ash
performer	``4:99'' is an album by German hip hop band Die Fantastischen Vier.	4:99	Die Fantastischen Vier
performer	A Promise to Burn is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Framing Hanley, released on May 25, 2010.	A Promise to Burn	Framing Hanley
performer	``We're All Alone'' is a song written by Boz Scaggs, who introduced it on his 1976 album Silk Degrees.	We're All Alone	Boz Scaggs
performer	``You Will Know'' is a song written and recorded by American R&B singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder, taken from his 1987 Characters album.	You Will Know	Stevie Wonder
performer	Late Nights & Early Mornings is the debut studio album by English recording artist and former Floetry member Marsha Ambrosius.	Late Nights & Early Mornings	Marsha Ambrosius
performer	``Who's Going Home With You Tonight?'' is the first single from Trapt's 2008 album Only Through the Pain.	Who's Going Home With You Tonight?	Trapt
performer	Trapped in the Body of a White Girl is a 1987 album by Julie Brown.	Trapped in the Body of a White Girl	Julie Brown
performer	Still Cruisin' is the 26th studio album by The Beach Boys, their thirty-fifth official album (counting compilations and live packages), and their last release of the 1980s.	Still Cruisin'	The Beach Boys
performer	``Jessie's Girl'' is a song written and performed by Australian singer Rick Springfield.	Jessie's Girl	Rick Springfield
performer	Streetlight Lullabies is a full-length studio album by Toh Kay (Tomas Kalnoky, of Streetlight Manifesto), released November 22, 2011.	Streetlight Lullabies	Tomas Kalnoky
performer	Western Skies is Roddy Frame's third solo album and was released on 1 May 2006.	Western Skies	Roddy Frame
performer	Purple Night is a jazz album by free jazz pioneer Sun Ra.	Purple Night	Sun Ra
performer	Invisible Superman (Chinese: 隱形超人, Hanyu Pinyin: Yǐnxíng Chāorén) is Amber Kuo's first Chinese language album.	Invisible Superman	Amber Kuo
performer	``Got Your Back'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., released on June 1, 2010, as the lead single (third overall) from his seventh studio album No Mercy (2010).	Got Your Back	T.I.
performer	``Laughter in the Rain'' is a song recorded by Neil Sedaka, composed by him with lyrics by Phil Cody.	Laughter in the Rain	Neil Sedaka
performer	Qhnnnl (stylized as qhnnnl) is the fourth album from Dianogah and was released on June 10, 2008.	Qhnnnl	Dianogah
performer	``Money Jane'' is a hip-hop song by Baby Blue Soundcrew featuring Kardinal Offishall, Jully Black, and Sean Paul.	Money Jane	Baby Blue Soundcrew	Kardinal Offishall	Jully Black	Sean Paul
performer	When Devils Strike is the ninth album released by South Park Mexican.	When Devils Strike	South Park Mexican
performer	``Nagisa ni Matsuwaru Et Cetera'' is the 4th single released by Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi on April 4, 1997.	Nagisa ni Matsuwaru Et Cetera	Puffy AmiYumi
performer	Midwestern Songs of the Americas is an album released by the punk rock band Dillinger Four.	Midwestern Songs of the Americas	Dillinger Four
performer	I Against I is the third studio album by the American hardcore punk band Bad Brains.	I Against I	Bad Brains
performer	Just Enough Education to Perform is the third studio album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics.	Just Enough Education to Perform	Stereophonics
performer	Tutti chiavano (ma io no) (Everyone fucks (but I don't)) is a single by Catarrhal Noise.	Tutti chiavano (ma io no)	Catarrhal Noise
performer	L.O.V.Evil is the first album release of the Seattle-based Second Coming.	L.O.V.Evil	Second Coming
performer	``The Battle of the Blue and the Grey'' is the Bee Gees' first single, backed by ``The Three Kisses of Love'' and released on March 22, 1963.	The Battle of the Blue and the Grey	Bee Gees
performer	``GodLovesUgly'' is a single by Atmosphere, released on November 19, 2002, via 12`` vinyl.	GodLovesUgly	Atmosphere
performer	Strange and Beautiful is Aqualung's first US album release: a compilation of tracks from Aqualung's first two albums:	Strange and Beautiful	Aqualung
performer	``Près de moi'' is the second single recorded by the French singer Lorie.	Près de moi	Lorie
performer	``I Wouldn't Believe Your Radio'' is the fourth single from rock band Stereophonics taken from their second album Performance and Cocktails.	I Wouldn't Believe Your Radio	Stereophonics
performer	Para Quando o Arco-Íris Encontrar o Pote de Ouro (For when the rainbow meets the pot of gold) is the second solo album released by Brazilian musician Nando Reis.	Para Quando o Arco-Íris Encontrar o Pote de Ouro	Nando Reis
performer	``You Might Think'' is a single by The Cars from their fifth studio album, Heartbeat City, which came out in 1984.	You Might Think	The Cars
performer	Perfect Darkness is the fifth album from British musician Fink, and the fourth to be recorded with his self-titled band.	Perfect Darkness	Fink
performer	Because I Love It is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Amerie.	Because I Love It	Amerie
performer	Carelian Satanist Madness is an album by Finnish black metal band Satanic Warmaster.	Carelian Satanist Madness	Satanic Warmaster
performer	Robotique Majestique is an album by Ghostland Observatory released on February 29, 2008 under Thomas Ross Turner's label, Trashy Moped Recordings.	Robotique Majestique	Ghostland Observatory
performer	``We Can Only Live Today (Puppy)'' is a song by Belgian drum and bass producer Netsky, featuring vocals from Billie.	We Can Only Live Today (Puppy)	Netsky
performer	Metal Discharge is the eighth full-length album by German thrash metal band Destruction, released in 2003.	Metal Discharge	Destruction
performer	Genocide and Mass Murder is the debut album by Japanese metal band Deathgaze.	Genocide and Mass Murder	Deathgaze
performer	Baby It's So Hard to Be Good is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb, released in 1972 (see 1972 in music).	Baby It's So Hard to Be Good	Ernest Tubb
performer	Dear Companion is Espers vocalist Meg Baird's first solo album.	Dear Companion	Meg Baird
performer	Je te serai fidèle is a 2003 French language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine.	Je te serai fidèle	Roch Voisine
performer	I Will Praise You is the ninth studio album by Christian pop singer Rebecca St. James.	I Will Praise You	Rebecca St. James
performer	``One Million Kisses'' is a song by the band Rufus, released as a single in 1983 from the live album Stompin' at the Savoy.	One Million Kisses	Rufus
performer	Você Não Precisa Entender (Portuguese for You Don't Have to Understand) is the third studio album by Brazilian rock band Capital Inicial.	Você Não Precisa Entender	Capital Inicial
performer	``Tomorrow's (Just Another Day)'' is a song by British band Madness from their fourth album The Rise & Fall.	Tomorrow's (Just Another Day)	Madness
performer	``Southampton Dock'' is a song from Pink Floyd's 1983 album, The Final Cut.	Southampton Dock	Pink Floyd
performer	Edge of a Dream is the twenty-second album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 2002.	Edge of a Dream	Bert Jansch
performer	Cruel Inventions is the sixth (studio) album from American singer-songwriter Sam Phillips.	Cruel Inventions	Sam Phillips
performer	The Blue Notebooks is the second album by British producer/composer Max Richter.	The Blue Notebooks	Max Richter
performer	``Tan Feliz'' (English: So Happy) is a song by American artist Pee Wee.	Tan Feliz	Pee Wee
performer	Watching Waiting is the first studio solo album of singer/songwriter Todd Carey.	Watching Waiting	Todd Carey
performer	``We Are the World'' is a song and charity single originally recorded by the supergroup USA for Africa in 1985.	We Are the World	USA for Africa
performer	``When It Started'' is a song by the garage rock band The Strokes.	When It Started	The Strokes
performer	``It's One of Those Nights (Yes Love)'' is a song written by Tony Romeo and was recorded by The Partridge Family for their 1972 album, Shopping Bag.	It's One of Those Nights (Yes Love)	The Partridge Family
performer	Trapz of Poetic Poison is the first release by the Canadian Hip-Hop/Rap band Project Wyze.	Trapz of Poetic Poison	Project Wyze
performer	Union Black is the fourth album from Welsh reggae metal band Skindred.	Union Black	Skindred
performer	Reactor Party was the first physical single released by Glasgow band Shitdisco It was released on 23 October 2006 and reached #73 in the UK charts.	Reactor Party	Shitdisco
performer	``Like a Boy'' is a song performed by American singer Ciara for her second album Ciara:	Like a Boy	Ciara
performer	Maybe They Will Sing for Us Tomorrow is the third full-length album by American ambient/post-rock band Hammock.	Maybe They Will Sing for Us Tomorrow	Hammock
performer	``Goin' Down to Rio'' is a song by Jeff Lynne, B-side to ``Doin' That Crazy Thing''.	Goin' Down to Rio	Jeff Lynne
performer	Full of Fire is an album by soul singer Al Green released in 1976.	Full of Fire	Al Green
performer	Bee Thousand is the seventh album by American indie rock band Guided by Voices released on June 21, 1994.	Bee Thousand	Guided by Voices
performer	Dingly Dell is a 1972 album by English rock band Lindisfarne.	Dingly Dell	Lindisfarne
performer	Efter endnu en dag (``After Another Day'' in English) is the sixth studio album by Gasolin' and was released in November 1976.	Efter endnu en dag	Gasolin
performer	``My Doorbell'' by the American alternative rock band The White Stripes is the second single from their album Get Behind Me Satan (2005).	My Doorbell	The White Stripes
performer	Bloodstained Endurance is the sixth studio album by the Norwegian black/gothic metal band Trail of Tears.	Bloodstained Endurance	Trail of Tears
performer	Elvis Presley recorded a cover version of ``My Boy'' in late 1973 that was included on his 1974 album Good Times.	My Boy	Elvis Presley
performer	Relentless Recurrence is the third studio album by the Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic, released in 2002.	Relentless Recurrence	Chthonic
performer	The Ultimate Fling is the first single from the album Revolution Roulette by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall.	The Ultimate Fling	Poets of the Fall
performer	This Is Unity Music is the second full length album by Common Rider, released in 2002.	This Is Unity Music	Common Rider
performer	``Me and Tennessee'' is a song written by Chris Martin and performed by Tim McGraw and Gwyneth Paltrow.	Me and Tennessee	Tim McGraw	Gwyneth Paltrow
performer	Let's Welcome the Circus People is third album solo by Guided by Voices member Tobin Sprout released in 1999.	Let's Welcome the Circus People	Tobin Sprout
performer	Mumps, Etc. is the fourth studio album by American hip hop band Why?.	Mumps, Etc.	Why
performer	``Starcamp EP'' is the 17th single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki.	Starcamp EP	Nana Mizuki
performer	Become What You Are is the debut album by The Juliana Hatfield Three, released in 1993.	Become What You Are	Juliana Hatfield
performer	``This Isn't Everything You Are'' is a song by Northern Irish-Scottish alternative rock group Snow Patrol.	This Isn't Everything You Are	Snow Patrol
performer	Pushing the Senses is the fifth album by the British rock band Feeder.	Pushing the Senses	Feeder
performer	``Oklahoma Swing'' is a song recorded by American country music artists Vince Gill and Reba McEntire as a duet.	Oklahoma Swing	Vince Gill	Reba McEntire
performer	From the Moon to the Sun is the fourth solo album by American rock artist Kip Winger.	From the Moon to the Sun	Kip Winger
performer	``This Woman's Work'' is a song written and performed by the British singer Kate Bush.	This Woman's Work	Kate Bush
performer	Von Herz zu Herz (``From Heart to Heart'') is the sixth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers.	Von Herz zu Herz	Die Flippers
performer	``In the Shape of a Heart'' is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne included on his 1986 album, Lives in the Balance.	In the Shape of a Heart	Jackson Browne
performer	``A Man I'll Never Be'' is a song written by Tom Scholz and first released on Boston's 1978 album Don't Look Back.	A Man I'll Never Be	Boston
performer	Haze Shrapnel is an EP by Bass Communion, a side project of Steven Wilson.	Haze Shrapnel	Bass Communion
performer	``Set Adrift on Memory Bliss'' is a song by American hip-hop group P.M. Dawn.	Set Adrift on Memory Bliss	P.M. Dawn
performer	Beats, Rhymes and Life is the fourth album of the hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest.	Beats, Rhymes and Life	A Tribe Called Quest
performer	Confusion Bay is the second album by Danish metal band Raunchy.	Confusion Bay	Raunchy
performer	``Power Gate'' is the fifth single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki.	Power Gate	Nana Mizuki
performer	``Pop Singer'' is the début single from London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp.	Pop Singer	Rachel Stamp
performer	Twelve Shots on the Rocks is the sixth studio album by the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks, released in 2002, however it was their first studio album since the band's break-up in 1985.	Twelve Shots on the Rocks	Hanoi Rocks
performer	``Dead in Hollywood'' is a song by horror punk band Murderdolls from their debut album Beyond the Valley of the Murderdolls.	Dead in Hollywood	Murderdolls
performer	Stay Up, Get Down is the first EP by the band, The Maine, and was released on May 8, 2007.	Stay Up, Get Down	The Maine
performer	``Meant to Fly'' is a song written by Chantal Kreviazuk, Raine Maida and Gaby Moreno, for 2006 Canadian Idol winner Eva Avila.	Meant to Fly	Eva Avila
performer	``I Can't Live Without You'' is a song by Liechtenstein producer Al Walser.	I Can't Live Without You	Al Walser
performer	``Take You Down'' is a song recorded by American recording artist Chris Brown for his second studio album, Exclusive (2007).	Take You Down	Chris Brown
performer	Darker Days Ahead is the second album by American deathgrind band Terrorizer.	Darker Days Ahead	Terrorizer
performer	Backwater Awhile is the fourth solo album by Irish musician Sonny Condell.	Backwater Awhile	Sonny Condell
performer	When and Where is the third studio album by the American country music band Confederate Railroad.	When and Where	Confederate Railroad
performer	``Quelque part'' is a 2007 song recorded by the R&B singer Sheryfa Luna.	Quelque part	Sheryfa Luna
performer	``Saved by Zero'' is a song by British new wave band The Fixx.	Saved by Zero	The Fixx
performer	``Walk on Faith'' is a song co-written and recorded by Country musician Mike Reid.	Walk on Faith	Mike Reid
performer	``Baby What You Want Me to Do'' (sometimes called ``You Got Me Running'' or ``You Got Me Runnin''') is a blues song that was written and recorded by Jimmy Reed in 1959.	Baby What You Want Me to Do	Jimmy Reed
performer	Time Fades Away is a 1973 live album by Neil Young, consisting of previously unreleased material.	Time Fades Away	Neil Young
performer	Foppt den Dämon! (Tease the demon) is the Third full-length studio album by the German Folk Metal band Subway to Sally.	Foppt den Dämon!	Subway to Sally
performer	I'm Not F4 (Chinese title: 我不是F4, pinyin: Wo Bu Shi F4) is the English title of Vic Chou's third solo album, released in October 2007.	I'm Not F4	Vic Chou
performer	Visiter is the second album released by The Dodos.	Visiter	The Dodos
performer	``If I Didn't Care'' is a song written by Jack Lawrence that was originally sung and recorded by The Ink Spots featuring Bill Kenny in 1939.	If I Didn't Care	The Ink Spots
performer	My Kind of Livin' is the third studio album released by American country music artist Craig Morgan.	My Kind of Livin'	Craig Morgan
performer	Only the Dead Fish Follow the Stream is a song written by Louise Hoffsten, Stefan Örn and Sandra Bjurman, and performed by Louise Hoffsten at Melodifestivalen 2013, reaching the final where it ended up 5th with 85 points (36 from the international jury, 49 from the televoters).	Only the Dead Fish Follow the Stream	Louise Hoffsten
performer	Never Letting Go is the fourth album by singer--songwriter Phoebe Snow, released in 1977 (see 1977 in music).	Never Letting Go	Phoebe Snow
performer	Beautiful Machine is the seventh album by Shihad and was released on 21 April 2008 in New Zealand and 17 May 2008 in Australia.	Beautiful Machine	Shihad
performer	``Leave Them Boys Alone'' is a song recorded by American country music artist Hank Williams, Jr. with Waylon Jennings and Ernest Tubb.	Leave Them Boys Alone	Hank Williams, Jr.	Waylon Jennings	Ernest Tubb
performer	Crisis Works is the debut LP from Young Legionnaire.	Crisis Works	Young Legionnaire
performer	To Rock or Not to Be is the 12th studio album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus, released in 1995.	To Rock or Not to Be	Krokus
performer	``Your Forgiveness'' is the fifth track on the seventh studio album of The Rasmus, Black Roses.	Your Forgiveness	The Rasmus
performer	``Ten Over Ten'' is the third single from Nigerian rapper Naeto C's Super C Season album.	Ten Over Ten	Naeto C
performer	``Odd One'' is the second single from Sick Puppies' third album Tri-Polar, which impacted rock radio on November 10, 2009.	Odd One	Sick Puppies
performer	The Art of Losing is the second studio album by the American alternative rock band American Hi-Fi.	The Art of Losing	American Hi-Fi
performer	Romantic Warriors is the fifth studio album by Modern Talking, released on 8 June 1987 in Germany and elsewhere.	Romantic Warriors	Modern Talking
performer	Whisper That Way was the first solo album released by 98 Degrees founding member Jeff Timmons in 2004.	Whisper That Way	Jeff Timmons
performer	Only a Mountain is the third studio album from Christian Contemporary/acoustic/pop singer Jason Castro.	Only a Mountain	Jason Castro
performer	Live Riot is the first live album from the Modesto, CA based contemporary worship band Worth Dying For released by Ammunition Records in February 2012.	Live Riot	Worth Dying For
performer	Justice for All! is an LP recorded by British singer Jimmy Justice.	Justice for All!	Jimmy Justice
performer	A 13-track CD soundtrack was bundled with the Game of the Year Edition of Homeworld and features the original soundtrack by Paul Ruskay.	Homeworld	Paul Ruskay
performer	100% Publishing is the seventh studio album by UK grime artist Wiley.	100% Publishing	Wiley
performer	The Adventures of Panama Red is the fourth country rock album by the New Riders of the Purple Sage, released in 1973.	The Adventures of Panama Red	New Riders of the Purple Sage
performer	``LA Song'', subtitled ``LA Song (Out of This Town)'' on the single release, is a song by American singer-songwriter Beth Hart, released as a single from her second album Screamin' for My Supper on September 28, 1999.	LA Song (Out of This Town)	Beth Hart
performer	Eveningland is the second album by indie folk group Hem.	Eveningland	Hem
performer	The Girl in the Other Room is the seventh album by jazz singer and pianist Diana Krall.	The Girl in the Other Room	Diana Krall
performer	``Hurry On Sundown'' is a 1970 song by the UK rock group Hawkwind.	Hurry On Sundown	Hawkwind
performer	``4th of July (Fireworks)'' is the second single from Kelis' fifth album, Flesh Tone.	4th of July (Fireworks)	Kelis
performer	The String Quartets is an album of contemporary classical music by American composer and saxophonist/multi-instrumentalist John Zorn performed by Mark Feldman, Erik Friedlander, Joyce Hammann and Lois Martin.	The String Quartets	John Zorn
performer	Reviewer Eugene Chadbourne said, ``Trust Weird Al Yankovic to name an album Even Worse even as his recordings were getting better again.''	Even Worse	Weird Al Yankovic
performer	Revivor (2003) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt.	Revivor	Funker Vogt
performer	Songs from the Black Mountain Music Project is a collaboration between Mirah and Ginger Brooks Takahashi with assorted guests.	Songs from the Black Mountain Music Project	Mirah
performer	Light of Day, Day of Darkness is the second (one-track) studio album by the Norwegian progressive metal band, Green Carnation.	Light of Day, Day of Darkness	Green Carnation
performer	``Get'em Daddy'' was the first single from Cam'ron's album Killa Season.	Get'em Daddy	Cam'ron
performer	Must B 21 (Soundtrack to Get Things Started) is the second studio album released by The Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am.	Must B 21	will.i.am
performer	``Glorious Mind'' is Zard's 43rd single released on December 12, 2007.	Glorious Mind	Zard
performer	Dragons of the North is the first full-length album by the Norwegian Viking metal band Einherjer.	Dragons of the North	Einherjer
performer	``Found That Soul'' is a single by the Manic Street Preachers, released on 26 February 2001 from the Know Your Enemy album.	Found That Soul	Manic Street Preachers
performer	``You Got the Silver'' is a song by English rock and roll band The Rolling Stones from their 1969 album Let It Bleed.	You Got the Silver	The Rolling Stones
performer	``Just Because of You'' is the second single released by German boy band US5.	Just Because of You	US5
performer	``Crush My Soul'' is a song by industrial metal band Godflesh, taken from the album Selfless.	Crush My Soul	Godflesh
performer	``Mr. Wendal'' is a song recorded by American rap group Arrested Development in 1992, from their most commercially successful album, 3 Years, 5 Months & 2 Days in the Life Of....	Mr. Wendal	Arrested Development
performer	Sintoxicated is the fourth studio album by Jamaican recording artist Tanya Stephens.	Sintoxicated	Tanya Stephens
performer	``I Seen a Man Die'', also known as ``I Never Seen a Man Cry'', is the second single released from Scarface's third album, The Diary.	I Seen a Man Die	Scarface
performer	Storm Force Ten is an album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span, the band's 10th effort, released in 1977.	Storm Force Ten	Steeleye Span
performer	It's the World Gone Crazy is the thirty-seventh album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1981 (see 1981 in music).	It's the World Gone Crazy	Glen Campbell
performer	Son of Altered Beast is an EP by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet.	Son of Altered Beast	Matthew Sweet
performer	Chaos Born is the fifth full-length album by the Finnish melodic black metal band Catamenia.	Chaos Born	Catamenia
performer	Galactik Fiestamatik is the second studio album of Filipino singer, Rico Blanco.	Galactik Fiestamatik	Rico Blanco
performer	Power Spot is an album by American trumpet player and composer Jon Hassell recorded in 1983 and 1984 and released on the ECM label.	Power Spot	Jon Hassell
performer	Brava! (English: Brave!) is the tenth studio album and second bilingual album by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio, released on November 15, 2011 by Universal Music Latino.	Brava!	Paulina Rubio
performer	Ghetto Therapy is an album by Latin rappers, Sen Dog and Mellow Man Ace (as The Reyes Brothers), released on October 3, 2006.	Ghetto Therapy	Mellow Man Ace
performer	American Salute is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins with Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops Orchestra.	American Salute	Chet Atkins
performer	``Screw You'' is a song recorded by English recording artist Cheryl Cole and British hip hop artist Wretch 32 for Cole's third studio album A Million Lights (2012).	Screw You	Cheryl Cole	Wretch 32
performer	The Underdog/El Subestimado is a rap/hip-hop album released by Tego Calderón on August 29, 2006.	The Underdog/El Subestimado	Tego Calderón
performer	Anime salve is the final album released by Italian singer/songwriter Fabrizio De André in 1996.	Anime salve	Fabrizio De André
performer	Tomorrow Is the Question!, subtitled The New Music of Ornette Coleman!, is the second album by American jazz musician Ornette Coleman, originally released in 1959 by the Contemporary label.	Tomorrow Is the Question!	Ornette Coleman
performer	Live Blackjazz is a live album by the Norwegian band Shining, released through Universal/ Indie Recordings on November 11, 2011.	Live Blackjazz	Shining
performer	Take Me to Baltimore is the third and final studio album to date by English soul singer Ruth Copeland.	Take Me to Baltimore	Ruth Copeland
performer	The Scene Changes was Perry Como's 12th RCA Victor 12`` long-play album.	The Scene Changes	Perry Como
performer	``Get Him Back'' is a song written by American singer Fiona Apple and produced by Mike Elizondo and Brian Kehew for her third album Extraordinary Machine (2005).	Get Him Back	Fiona Apple
performer	P.O.L.O.V.I.R.U.S. was the second album by the Polish group Kury, released in 1998.	P.O.L.O.V.I.R.U.S.	Kury
performer	The score for Inception was written by Hans Zimmer, who described his work as ``a very electronic, dense score'', filled with ``nostalgia and sadness'' to match Cobb's feelings throughout the film.	Inception	Hans Zimmer
performer	Woody Guthrie's Blues is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott, released in 1955 in Great Britain.	Woody Guthrie's Blues	Ramblin' Jack Elliott
performer	These Are the Moments is the seventh studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family.	These Are the Moments	The Rankin Family
performer	``Miami Vice Theme'' is a musical piece created and performed by Jan Hammer as the theme to the television series Miami Vice.	Miami Vice Theme	Jan Hammer
performer	In and Out of Control is the fourth album by The Raveonettes, and was released October 6, 2009.	In and Out of Control	The Raveonettes
performer	Wednesday Morning, 3 A.M. is the debut studio album by the American folk rock duo Simon & Garfunkel, released on October 19, 1964.	Wednesday Morning, 3 A.M.	Simon & Garfunkel
performer	Soundtrack to Your Escape is the seventh studio album of Swedish heavy metal band In Flames.	Soundtrack to Your Escape	In Flames
performer	Choose My Life-U is an album in 2002 by S.E.S..	Choose My Life-U	S.E.S.
performer	``D'amour ou d'amitié'' (meaning ``Love or Friendship'', pronounced: (damuːʁ u damitje)) is the second single from Celine Dion's album, Tellement j'ai d'amour....	D'amour ou d'amitié	Celine Dion
performer	Something Bitchin' This Way Comes is the sole album by Lock Up, released in July 1989.	Something Bitchin' This Way Comes	Lock Up
performer	Signal Morning is the second studio album by the psychedelic rock band Circulatory System.	Signal Morning	Circulatory System
performer	Eda Wobu is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris in 1969 and first released in 1991 by the Italian JMY label.	Eda Wobu	Art Ensemble of Chicago
performer	Vintervisor is the name of the second album by the Swedish folk band Triakel.	Vintervisor	Triakel
performer	Beat 'Em Up, recorded at Hit Factory Criteria studios in Miami Beach, Florida, is the first Iggy Pop album in which The Trolls were credited.	Beat 'Em Up	Iggy Pop
performer	Twelve Small Steps, One Giant Disappointment is the third studio album from the American indie rock band, Bad Astronaut.	Twelve Small Steps, One Giant Disappointment	Bad Astronaut
performer	Solitude/Solitaire, released on 23 June 1986, is the second solo release by former-Chicago member and lead vocalist Peter Cetera, his first album after leaving the band.	Solitude/Solitaire	Peter Cetera
performer	``Turn the Beat Around'' is a disco song written by Gerald Jackson and Peter Jackson and performed by Vicki Sue Robinson in 1976 (see 1976 in music), originally appearing on her debut album, Never Gonna Let You Go.	Turn the Beat Around	Vicki Sue Robinson
performer	Love and Other Planets is the second album by British singer/songwriter Adem Ilhan, who records under the name Adem.	Love and Other Planets	Adem Ilhan
performer	Chung King Can Suck It is a limited-pressing colored vinyl album by New York City band Judge, containing the original version of what was to be the Bringin' It Down album.	Chung King Can Suck It	Judge
performer	``Lonely Day'' is the second single from the 2005 album Hypnotize by Armenian American rock band System of a Down.	Lonely Day	System of a Down
performer	The Stargate is an album by Norwegian solo artist Mortiis that was scheduled for release with the book Secrets of My Kingdom, alongside a limited gold press version of the CD, which was for unknown reasons later released in 2001, prior to The Smell of Rain.	The Stargate	Mortiis
performer	Känn ingen sorg för mig Göteborg is the debut album by Swedish musician Håkan Hellström.	Känn ingen sorg för mig Göteborg	Håkan Hellström
performer	``This Is Mine'' is synthpop trio Heaven 17's second and last single of 1984 from the album How Men Are.	This Is Mine	Heaven 17
performer	Di-Dar is the last Cantonese album recorded by Chinese singer Faye Wong.	Di-Dar	Faye Wong
performer	Tones, Shapes & Colors is the debut album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano recorded in 1985 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.	Tones, Shapes & Colors	Joe Lovano
performer	Anugerah Aidilfitri is the special studio album by Malaysian pop singer-songwriter Dato' Siti Nurhaliza which was released on a week before Hari Raya Aidilfitri, 2003.	Anugerah Aidilfitri	Siti Nurhaliza
performer	The Duplicated Memory is an album by the St. Louis, Missouri, hardcore punk/metalcore band Calico System, released in 2003.	The Duplicated Memory	Calico System
performer	Rux Revue is the debut album by Carl Hancock Rux, released by Sony 550 Records and produced in Los Angeles by the Dust Brothers;	Rux Revue	Carl Hancock Rux
performer	Knockin' Doorz Down is the second single off Pimp C's second album Pimpalation.	Knockin' Doorz Down	Pimp C
performer	Funk Tango is an album by the Paquito D'Rivera Quintet?, released through Sunny Side Records in 2007.	Funk Tango	Paquito D'Rivera
performer	Rockin' Roll Baby is the third studio album recorded by American R&B group The Stylistics, released in November 1973 on the Avco label.	Rockin' Roll Baby	The Stylistics
performer	Loose... is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.	Loose...	Willis Jackson
performer	Cyberspace and Reds is an album by Mike Skinner under his alias The Streets, released on 24 January 2011.	Cyberspace and Reds	The Streets
performer	``Nothing Is Real but the Girl'' is a song from Blondie's 1999 comeback album No Exit.	Nothing Is Real but the Girl	Blondie
performer	``She and I'' is a song written by Dave Loggins, and recorded by American country music band Alabama.	She and I	Alabama
performer	New Amerykah Part One (4th World War) is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Erykah Badu, released on February 26, 2008, by Universal Motown.	New Amerykah Part One (4th World War)	Erykah Badu
performer	En Nuestro Desafio is a CD/DVD by the instrumental rock band Tristeza.	En Nuestro Desafio	Tristeza
performer	Black Utopia is the third solo album by keyboard player Derek Sherinian.	Black Utopia	Derek Sherinian
performer	Winter Women and Holy Ghost Language School are two albums by Matthew Friedberger of The Fiery Furnaces recorded, unlike The Fiery Furnaces records, without his sister Eleanor Friedberger.	Winter Women and Holy Ghost Language School	Matthew Friedberger
performer	``Where to Now St. Peter?'' is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin.	Where to Now St. Peter?	Elton John
performer	``The Otherside'' is the first single from Breaks Co-Op's second album, The Sound Inside, released in 2005.	The Otherside	Breaks Co-Op
performer	Double Bummer is a double-LP by Bongwater which was released in 1988.	Double Bummer	Bongwater
performer	Coconut Hotel is an album by American experimental rock band Red Krayola that recorded in 1967 and was intended to be the band's second album after the release of The Parable of Arable Land, but was rejected by International Artists and shelved indefinitely.	Coconut Hotel	Red Krayola
performer	Swaddling Songs is the only studio album released by Irish progressive folk band Mellow Candle.	Swaddling Songs	Mellow Candle
performer	``Ma révolution'' is the name of a 2004 song, the fifth single released by the French singer Jenifer Bartoli, and the first one from her second studio album Le Passage, on which it features as first track.	Ma révolution	Jenifer Bartoli
performer	Yuri wa Aoku Saite (百合は蒼く咲いて) is the fourth maxi single by Japanese band Alice Nine.	Yuri wa Aoku Saite	Alice Nine
performer	Zero Tolerance for Silence is a controversial 1994 album by American jazz guitarist Pat Metheny.	Zero Tolerance for Silence	Pat Metheny
performer	Arcadia Son is the second album from Steven Wilson's side project, Incredible Expanding Mindfuck.	Arcadia Son	Incredible Expanding Mindfuck
performer	``Evil on Your Mind'' is the name of a popular Country music song, originally made famous by Grand Ole Opry star Jan Howard in 1966.	Evil on Your Mind	Jan Howard
performer	``Is It 'Cos I'm Cool?'' is a single released in 2004, by Mousse T., from his second album, All Nite Madness.	Is It 'Cos I'm Cool?	Mousse T.
performer	``Somewhere Inside'' first appeared in Tiësto's In Search of Sunrise 6:	Somewhere Inside	Tiësto
performer	``Real Life Fantasy'', abbreviated occasionally as ``R.L.F.'', is the first official single from Ja Rule's seventh studio album, Pain Is Love 2.	Real Life Fantasy	Ja Rule
performer	``Ding Dong, Ding Dong'' is a song by English musician George Harrison, written as a New Year's Eve singalong and released in December 1974 on his album Dark Horse.	Ding Dong, Ding Dong	George Harrison
performer	Acoustic Visions is the sixth solo album by electric guitar player David T. Chastain.	Acoustic Visions	David T. Chastain
performer	UAIOE is industrial rock group KMFDM's fourth album.	UAIOE	KMFDM
performer	In Pieces is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks.	In Pieces	Garth Brooks
performer	``Get the Funk Out'' is the second single from Extreme's second studio album Pornograffitti.	Get the Funk Out	Extreme
performer	Flex-Able Leftovers was a limited edition 10`` vinyl EP by American composer and guitarist, Steve Vai.	Flex-Able Leftovers	Steve Vai
performer	Amarte Bien is a studio album released by Venezuelan singer-songwriter Carlos Baute.	Amarte Bien	Carlos Baute
performer	Two Against Nature is the eighth album by Steely Dan, released in 2000.	Two Against Nature	Steely Dan
performer	Osee Yee is a studio album by Ghanaian Afro-pop band Osibisa released in 2009 by Golden Stool Records --	Osee Yee	Osibisa
performer	Steal Another Day is an album released in 2003 by country music artist Steve Wariner and his first studio album for SelecTone Records.	Steal Another Day	Steve Wariner
performer	``A Line in the Dirt'' is a 2010 single by Eels from the album End Times.	A Line in the Dirt	Eels
performer	We Rebuilt This City was the sixth and final album by Canadian punk rock band Closet Monster, released in 2004.	We Rebuilt This City	Closet Monster
performer	Planet of da Apes was the second and final album by Da Lench Mob.	Planet of da Apes	Da Lench Mob
performer	Five Songs and a Cover (A.K.A. 4 Stars) is an EP released by the Foo Fighters in 2005.	Five Songs and a Cover	Foo Fighters
performer	Kooper Session is the second-in-line of the Super Session albums featuring singer-songwriter Al Kooper.	Kooper Session	Al Kooper
performer	``There's the Girl'' is a song recorded by the American rock band, Heart.	There's the Girl	Heart
performer	``Taxloss'' (sometimes stylised as ``Taxlo$$'') is a song by the English alternative rock band Mansun.	Taxloss	Mansun
performer	Sunrise Over Sea is the third studio album by Australian band, the John Butler Trio.	Sunrise Over Sea	John Butler Trio
performer	Remember, I Love You (Chinese: 記得我愛你; pinyin: Jì Dé Wǒ Ài Nǐ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Vic Chou's, of boy band F4, second Mandarin studio album.	Remember, I Love You	Vic Chou
performer	``Show Your Hand'' is a song by Welsh rock band Super Furry Animals and was the first single from their 2007 album, Hey Venus!.	Show Your Hand	Super Furry Animals
performer	``Is This Christmas?'' is a single by English indie pop band The Wombats.	Is This Christmas?	The Wombats
performer	Silent Alarm is the debut studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party.	Silent Alarm	Bloc Party
performer	The Spiritual is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in 1969 for the Freedom label as the same sesioons that produced Tutankhamun.	The Spiritual	Art Ensemble of Chicago
performer	``Kjører på'' is a 2012 single by Norwegian band Madcon featuring Swedish rapper and reggae artist Timbuktu.	Kjører på	Madcon	Timbuktu
performer	Livin' in the Scope is the second album by the rap group, Snypaz, released on May 22, 2001, for Rap-A-Lot Records and produced by The Legendary Traxster, Hurt-M-Badd and Mike Dean.	Livin' in the Scope	Snypaz
performer	A Jazz Message is a jazz album recorded by Art Blakey's Quartet in 1964.	A Jazz Message	Art Blakey
performer	Off the Charts is the second full album by The Briefs, released in both the US and the UK in 2003 on CD, and gatefold and white vinyl.	Off the Charts	The Briefs
performer	In an Outrage is the eight studio album by the American heavy metal band Chastain, released in 2004 through Leviathan Records.	In an Outrage	Chastain
performer	``Aimer jusqu'à l'impossible'' (2005) is the first single released off Australian singer Tina Arena's fifth studio album and its title roughly translates as ``Love till the impossible'' in English.	Aimer jusqu'à l'impossible	Tina Arena
performer	``Addicted to a Dollar'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Doug Stone, who wrote it along with Ray Hood, Kim Tribble and Ray Maddox.	Addicted to a Dollar	Doug Stone
performer	One Step More and You Die is an album by Mono, released in 2002 on the Arena Rock Recording Co. label.	One Step More and You Die	Mono
performer	``Cántale a tu Bebé'' is the name given to the second studio album by the Puerto Rican singer, songwriter and actress, Mary Ann Acevedo who performs with her husband, producer Guillermo Torres and features songs by the happy couple.	Cántale a tu Bebé	Mary Ann Acevedo
performer	Itai Tachiichi (痛い立ち位置) (English: Painful standing position) is the twenty-fourth single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Itai Tachiichi	Porno Graffitti
performer	Sure Love is the title of the second studio album released by American country music artist Hal Ketchum.	Sure Love	Hal Ketchum
performer	The Wall is the eleventh studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd.	The Wall	Pink Floyd
performer	Kallista on ja halvalla menee is a 1988 studio album by Eero Koivistoinen.	Kallista on ja halvalla menee	Eero Koivistoinen
performer	Historic Dead is a live album by the rock group the Grateful Dead.	Historic Dead	Grateful Dead
performer	Between the Earth & Sky is a follow-up release to the breakout album Secrets And Sins by Canadian singer, Luba and her band.	Between the Earth & Sky	Luba
performer	Jonathan and Darlene Edwards in Paris is a 1960 comedy album recorded by American singer Jo Stafford and her husband, pianist and bandleader Paul Weston.	Jonathan and Darlene Edwards in Paris	Jo Stafford
performer	PunkFunkRootsRock is the second album by the band Man Raze.	PunkFunkRootsRock	Man Raze
performer	``Deixo'' (Let You Go) is a song performed by the Brazilian singer Ivete Sangalo.	Deixo	Ivete Sangalo
performer	Loose Blues is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans released on the Milestone label featuring performances by Evans with Zoot Sims, Jim Hall, Ron Carter, and Philly Joe Jones recorded in 1962.	Loose Blues	Bill Evans
performer	Parisian Sketches is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in Paris in 1960 and released on the Mercury label.	Parisian Sketches	Max Roach
performer	Hebron Gate is the third release by American reggae band Groundation.	Hebron Gate	Groundation
performer	``I Want You to Stay'' was the fifth single released from Maxïmo Park, taken from their debut album A Certain Trigger.	I Want You to Stay	Maxïmo Park
performer	Michi Madness (stylized as MiChi MadNesS) is the first album released by British-Japanese musician MiChi, released on 27 June 2008.	Michi Madness	MiChi
performer	``Respect Yourself'' is the name of a classic soul song by American R&B/gospel group The Staple Singers.	Respect Yourself	The Staple Singers
performer	Pablo Honey is the debut studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead, released in February 1993.	Pablo Honey	Radiohead
performer	Coincidence vs Fate is the fourth album released by Edinburgh musician Paul Haig.	Coincidence vs Fate	Paul Haig
performer	``Do That to Me One More Time'' is a song performed by American pop duo Captain & Tennille.	Do That to Me One More Time	Captain & Tennille
performer	Ming's Samba is an album by David Murray released on the Portrait label.	Ming's Samba	David Murray
performer	Quiet Music 2 (1986) is a cassette album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach.	Quiet Music 2	Steve Roach
performer	``Never Be a Right Time'' is a song by British rapper Professor Green which features vocal from British singer/songwriter Ed Drewett.	Never Be a Right Time	Professor Green	Ed Drewett
performer	High Blues Pressure is the thirteenth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard recorded in 1967 in music and released in 1968 in music.	High Blues Pressure	Freddie Hubbard
performer	Paris s'eveille - suivi d'autres compositions is a soundtrack album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist and composer John Cale.	Paris s'eveille - suivi d'autres compositions	John Cale
performer	``Rain Song'' is a song by Taiji, released on December 14, 2000.	Rain Song	Taiji
performer	Walk That Walk, Talk That Talk is a 1991 studio album by Texas based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds and the first without guitarist Jimmie Vaughan.	Walk That Walk, Talk That Talk	The Fabulous Thunderbirds
performer	In the City of Angels is the fifth solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson, released in 1988.	In the City of Angels	Jon Anderson
performer	``Your Betrayal'' is a song by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine and was released as the first and lead US single from their third album, Fever.	Your Betrayal	Bullet for My Valentine
performer	``Geek in the Pink'' is a 2006 single by Jason Mraz from his album Mr. A--	Geek in the Pink	Jason Mraz
performer	``Ma petite chatte'' (My little sweetie) was the Belgian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1958, performed in French by Fud Leclerc.	Ma petite chatte	Fud Leclerc
performer	Alive 1997 is a live album by Daft Punk released in 2001.	Alive 1997	Daft Punk
performer	The One Voted Most Likely to Succeed is the fifth studio album by Canadian punk rock band SNFU.	The One Voted Most Likely to Succeed	SNFU
performer	``What You Get Is What You See'' is a song by recording artist Tina Turner from her album Break Every Rule (1986).	What You Get Is What You See	Tina Turner
performer	A Pagan Place was an album released in June 1984 by The Waterboys.	A Pagan Place	The Waterboys
performer	``Giving You the Best That I Got'' is a 1988 song by American R&B recording artist Anita Baker.	Giving You the Best That I Got	Anita Baker
performer	Campari Soda is a song of the Swiss band Taxi released in 1977.	Campari Soda	Taxi
performer	``Staring to the Sun'' is the band Scarling.	Staring to the Sun	Scarling
performer	8 Soothing Songs for Rut is the second studio album by the Norwegian rock band Motorpsycho, then still tinged in hard rock and grunge metal.	8 Soothing Songs for Rut	Motorpsycho
performer	``Dagenham Dave'' is a song by Morrissey, released as a single in August 1995, a week prior to the release of Southpaw Grammar.	Dagenham Dave	Morrissey
performer	En El Idioma del Amor (Eng.: In the Language of Love') is the title of a studio album released by romantic music ensemble Grupo Bryndis.	En El Idioma del Amor	Grupo Bryndis
performer	``Hurting Each Other'' is a song popularized by The Carpenters in 1972.	Hurting Each Other	The Carpenters
performer	Death Acoustic is a solo acoustic record by American musician Nick Oliveri.	Death Acoustic	Nick Oliveri
performer	Get to the Feeling is the fourth album by Portland, Oregon-based R&B group Pleasure, released in 1978.	Get to the Feeling	Pleasure
performer	Hate Lives in a Small Town is the seventh studio album by Cuban American dark cabaret singer Voltaire, released on September 3, 2010.	Hate Lives in a Small Town	Voltaire
performer	Você não Perde por Esperar is an EP by Brazilian recording artist Wanessa.	Você não Perde por Esperar	Wanessa
performer	``Let's Dance to Joy Division'' is a song by The Wombats and the second single taken from their album A Guide to Love, Loss & Desperation.	Let's Dance to Joy Division	The Wombats
performer	Safeways Here We Come is an EP by Canadian punk rock band Chixdiggit!.	Safeways Here We Come	Chixdiggit
performer	Become the Media is the sixth spoken word album by Jello Biafra.	Become the Media	Jello Biafra
performer	Nie zapomnisz nigdy (Polish You'll never forget) is 5th album of punk rock band Big Cyc, released on 1994.	Nie zapomnisz nigdy	Big Cyc
performer	``Rather Die Young'' was written and produced by Beyoncé Beyoncé, Jeff Bhasker, Luke Steele at Enormous Studios, in Los Angeles, in 2011.	Rather Die Young	Beyoncé Beyoncé
performer	Impressions of New York is an album by German jazz clarinetist Rolf Kühn and his brother, pianist Joachim Kühn, featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Impulse! label.	Impressions of New York	Rolf Kühn	Joachim Kühn
performer	``Love (Winter Song)'' is the fourth major-label physical single by Japanese soul singer Miho Fukuhara, and was released on December 10, 2008.	Love (Winter Song)	Miho Fukuhara
performer	Message to God is a single released to promote the Paradox album by the Danish progressive metal band Royal Hunt.	Message to God	Royal Hunt
performer	Psyence is the second album by Japanese musician hide, released on September 2, 1996.	Psyence	hide
performer	Mas Canciones (correct form: Más canciones; Spanish for ``more songs'') is an album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt, released in late 1991.	Mas Canciones	Linda Ronstadt
performer	``Everything a Man Could Ever Need'' is a song written by Mac Davis and recorded by American country music artist Glen Campbell.	Everything a Man Could Ever Need	Glen Campbell
performer	``Stop the Rock'' was a 1999 single by the British group Apollo 440.	Stop the Rock	Apollo 440
performer	Switched-On Bach II is a musical album by Wendy Carlos, produced by Carlos and Rachel Elkind and released in 1973.	Switched-On Bach II	Wendy Carlos
performer	Bitter Beauty is a 2001 album released by Canadian singer/songwriter Jason Collett.	Bitter Beauty	Jason Collett
performer	``One Better Day'' is a song by British band Madness from their 1984 album Keep Moving.	One Better Day	Madness
performer	Three Letters to the Moon is a studio album by Fabius Constable & Celtic Harp Orchestra, released by Ethnoworld in 2010.	Three Letters to the Moon	Celtic Harp Orchestra
performer	It Takes People Like You to Make People Like Me (or simply It Takes People Like You) is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos, released in 1968.	It Takes People Like You	Buck Owens
performer	Chainsaw Dismemberment is the second full-length studio album by death metal band Mortician.	Chainsaw Dismemberment	Mortician
performer	``Don't Want to Forgive Me Now'' is a song by Wet Wet Wet, released as the third single from their sixth studio album, Picture This.	Don't Want to Forgive Me Now	Wet Wet Wet
performer	Jazz på svenska (``Jazz in Swedish'') is an album by the Swedish jazz pianist Jan Johansson.	Jazz på svenska	Jan Johansson
performer	Choice for a Lost Generation?! is the second studio album by the Dutch band the Heideroosjes.	Choice for a Lost Generation?!	Heideroosjes
performer	``I Can See Clearly'' is a 1993 song by the American singer Debbie Harry, released as the first single from her fourth solo album Debravation.	I Can See Clearly	Debbie Harry
performer	Communication!!! is the second studio album by American-born Japanese pop singer Leah Dizon.	Communication!!!	Leah Dizon
performer	Hellbent on Compromise is an album by a Scottish musician Edwyn Collins.	Hellbent on Compromise	Edwyn Collins
performer	``Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough'' is the title of a 1992 soft rock ballad performed as a duet by the American singers Patty Smyth and Don Henley.	Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough	Patty Smyth	Don Henley
performer	``I Like Girls That Drink Beer'' is a song recorded by American country music singer Toby Keith and co-written with Bobby Pinson.	I Like Girls That Drink Beer	Toby Keith
performer	``Honaloochie Boogie'' is a single released by Mott the Hoople.	Honaloochie Boogie	Mott the Hoople
performer	``The End Is the Beginning Is the End'' is a Grammy Award-winning song by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins.	The End Is the Beginning Is the End	The Smashing Pumpkins
performer	Hello Afrika (The Album) is a 1990 album from Swedish-based Nigerian artist Dr. Alban.	Hello Afrika	Dr. Alban
performer	Poly Sci is the debut album by rapper John Forté, released in June 23, 1998 by Ruffhouse.	Poly Sci	John Forté
performer	Country Airs is a piano album written by Rick Wakeman and released in 1986.	Country Airs	Rick Wakeman
performer	Earth Jones is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1982 and released on the Palo Alto label.	Earth Jones	Elvin Jones
performer	Some Order, Long Understood is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 1982 and released on the Italian Black Saint label.	Some Order, Long Understood	Wayne Horvitz
performer	Fall Back Open is the second album by Athens-based indie rock band, Now It's Overhead.	Fall Back Open	Now It's Overhead
performer	Bird of Ill Omen's first release, Self, Dare You Still Breathe? was recorded in 1997.	Self, Dare You Still Breathe?	Bird of Ill Omen
performer	Sesame Disco is an album made by the cast of Sesame Street in 1979.	Sesame Disco	Sesame Street
performer	Delivering the Black is the tenth studio album from German heavy metal band Primal Fear, which was released on 24 January 2014 via Frontiers Records.	Delivering the Black	Primal Fear
performer	¿Cómo Te Llama? is the title of the second album of Albert Hammond, Jr. The album has 13 tracks and was released on July 7, 2008 in the UK and on July 8, 2008 in the US.	¿Cómo Te Llama?	Albert Hammond, Jr.
performer	My Jun, My Style is the first single album by Lee Joon-gi.	My Jun, My Style	Lee Joon-gi
performer	``I'm Deranged'' is a song written by David Bowie and Brian Eno in 1995 for the album Outside.	I'm Deranged	David Bowie
performer	Below Radar is an EP released independently by Helen Stellar in 2003.	Below Radar	Helen Stellar
performer	``FF / VinterNoll2'' is a single CD by the Swedish band Kent released in 2002.	FF / VinterNoll2	Kent
performer	``Paranoimia'' is a song by English synthpop group Art of Noise released in 1986, from their album In Visible Silence.	Paranoimia	Art of Noise
performer	``Llorando se fue'' (English: Crying he/she went away) is a Bolivian folk song recorded by Los Kjarkas in 1981 on the album Canto a la mujer de mi pueblo and released as a B-side of the ``Wa ya yay'' single in 1982.	Llorando se fue	Los Kjarkas
performer	``For Your Precious Love'' is a song written by Arthur Brooks, Richard Brooks and Jerry Butler, and performed by Jerry Butler and The Impressions in 1958.	For Your Precious Love	The Impressions
performer	``Keep Your Heart Broken'' is a song by the Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus, and the ninth track of their 2005 album Hide from the Sun. It was written by lead-singer Lauri Ylönen.	Keep Your Heart Broken	The Rasmus
performer	Bondage Goat Zombie is the seventh studio album by the Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor.	Bondage Goat Zombie	Belphegor
performer	Love Is the Thing is a 1957 album released by American jazz vocalist Nat King Cole.	Love Is the Thing	Nat King Cole
performer	``Qui peut vivre sans amour?'' (meaning ``Who Can Live Without Love?'') is a song recorded by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released as the third single from her French-language album Sans attendre (2012).	Qui peut vivre sans amour?	Celine Dion
performer	Melting in the Dark is an album by Steve Wynn recorded with a backing band consisting of all the members of Come.	Melting in the Dark	Steve Wynn
performer	``Loving You's a Dirty Job but Somebody's Gotta Do It'' is a pop song written and composed by Jim Steinman and has been released in 1986 by Bonnie Tyler in duet with Todd Rundgren.	Loving You's a Dirty Job but Somebody's Gotta Do It	Bonnie Tyler	Todd Rundgren
performer	Coma Rage is the fourth album by Brazilian heavy metal band Viper, release in 1995.	Coma Rage	Viper
performer	Summer Surf is the fifth studio album of surf music by Dick Dale and His Del-Tones.	Summer Surf	Dick Dale
performer	``Japanese Hospitality'' is the title of the fourth album from Children of Bodom keyboardist Janne Wirman's Warmen project.	Japanese Hospitality	Warmen
performer	Rod Boleche Hobe (Bengali: রোদ বলেছে হবে) is a solo album released by Shayan Chowdhury Arnob in 2010.	Rod Boleche Hobe	Shayan Chowdhury Arnob
performer	``High Water (For Charley Patton)'' is a song by Bob Dylan, released on his 31st studio album ``Love and Theft'' in 2001.	High Water (For Charley Patton)	Bob Dylan
performer	C'mon Miracle is Mirah's third full-length solo album.	C'mon Miracle	Mirah
performer	The Swimming Hour is Andrew Bird's third album with Andrew Bird's Bowl of Fire.	The Swimming Hour	Andrew Bird
performer	The Triumphs and Travails of Orphan Mae is the second studio album by Laura Veirs, originally self-released in 2001.	The Triumphs and Travails of Orphan Mae	Laura Veirs
place of birth	Yama Buddha was born in Leguwa, Dhankuta, the son of a Nepalese politician Ambika Prasad Adhikari.	Yama Buddha	Dhankuta
place of birth	Anne Ewing was born Ann Drayton Heuser on November 19, 1930 in the upstairs bedroom of her family's home located in Wytheville, Virginia.	Anne Ewing	Wytheville
place of birth	William Francis Barry was born in London, England, to Irish Catholic parents (from Liscarroll, Co. Cork) on 21 April 1849.	William Francis Barry	London
place of birth	Juan Vargas was born on an egg ranch in National City, California, where he grew up very poor.	Juan Vargas	National City, California
place of birth	Blanche Whiffen, better known as Mrs. Thomas Whiffen, (1845--1936) was an American actress born in London.	Blanche Whiffen	London
place of birth	Dietmar Feichtinger (born 18 November 1961 in Bruck an der Mur) is an Austrian architect established since 1989 in Paris.	Dietmar Feichtinger	Bruck an der Mur
place of birth	Lisa Nankivil (born 1958, Minneapolis, Minn.) is a contemporary American painter and printmaker.	Lisa Nankivil	Minneapolis
place of birth	Edward Leigh Chase was born in Elkhart Lake, Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, the third child of Grace (née Metcalfe) and chemist Charles Denison Chase.	Edward Leigh Chase	Elkhart Lake
place of birth	Gian-Franco Kasper (born 24 January 1944 in St. Moritz) is a Swiss ski official who has been president of the International Ski Federation (FIS) since 1998.	Gian-Franco Kasper	St. Moritz
place of birth	Nevio Pizzolitto (born August 26, 1976 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian soccer player who most recently played for Montreal Impact in the North American Soccer League.	Nevio Pizzolitto	Montreal
place of birth	Patrick Tolhoek (born Yerseke, 26 June 1965) is a retired Dutch professional cyclist.	Patrick Tolhoek	Yerseke
place of birth	Zeynab Jalalian (Zeynep Celaliyan, Persian: زينب جلاليان‎‎; born 1982 in Maku), is a Kurdish Iranian, often wrongly described as a political activist.	Zeynab Jalalian	Maku
place of birth	Oscar Cullmann (25 February 1902, Strasbourg -- 16 January 1999, Chamonix) was a Christian theologian in the Lutheran tradition.	Oscar Cullmann	Strasbourg
place of birth	Riva Lehrer (born in 1958 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American painter, writer, teacher, and speaker.	Riva Lehrer	Cincinnati
place of birth	Urs Noel Glutz von Blotzheim (born December 18, 1932, in Solothurn) is a Swiss zoologist, who is primarily known for his ornithological work.	Urs Noel Glutz von Blotzheim	Solothurn
place of birth	Jenny Fulle (born in San Francisco, California) is an American woman who, at the age of eleven, became the first girl to play Little League baseball legally in the United States.	Jenny Fulle	San Francisco
place of birth	Laurie Simmons was born in 1949 on Long Island, New York, the daughter of Dorothy ``Dottie'', a housewife, and Samuel Ira ``Sam'' Simmons, a dentist.	Laurie Simmons	Long Island
place of birth	Harry Benjamin Inigo Triggs was born in Chiswick, London, on 28 February 1876, to parents James Triggs, carpet agent, and his wife Celia Anne, née Bryant.	Inigo Triggs	Chiswick
place of birth	Cary Lawrence is a Canadian actress born May 28, 1964 in Montreal and is best known for her role as Davenport on Nickelodeon's hit show Space Cases.	Cary Lawrence	Montreal
place of birth	José Ramón Carabante (born 1952 in Málaga) is a Spanish businessman, who owned the Hispania Racing Formula One team.	José Ramón Carabante	Málaga
place of birth	Tashu Kaushik was born in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, to Rakesh Goud, a businessman.	Tashu Kaushik	Kanpur
place of birth	Dagmar Bláhová (born 8 March 1949), Liberec, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-born Australian television actress notable for her appearance as original character Maria Ramsay in the popular Australian television soap opera, Neighbours.	Dagmar Bláhová	Liberec
place of birth	Ali Merdan (1904--1981) (Kurdish: عه‌لی مه‌ردان‎) is a Kurdish musician who was born in Kirkuk, widely regarded as the man who revolutionized the maqam.	Ali Merdan	Kirkuk
place of birth	Lucy Clarkson (born 6 July 1982, Rotherham, South Yorkshire) is an English model.	Lucy Clarkson	Rotherham
place of birth	Linda Nagata (born November 7, 1960 in San Diego, California) is a Hawaii-based American author of speculative fiction, science fiction, and fantasy novels, novellas, and short stories.	Linda Nagata	San Diego
place of birth	Noora Laukkanen (born February 3, 1993 in Helsinki) is a Finnish swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m Individual Medley.	Noora Laukkanen	Helsinki
place of birth	Roger Greenwald was born in New Jersey, where his father, a physicist, worked at the Fort Monmouth Signal Labs.	Roger Greenwald	New Jersey
place of birth	Dhalia was born in Medan, northern Sumatra, on 10 February 1925, to Tengku Katam.	Dhalia	Medan
place of birth	Candan Erçetin, (born 10 February 1963, Kırklareli) is a Turkish singer, songwriter and Vice-President of Galatasaray.	Candan Erçetin	Kırklareli
place of birth	Saeid Alihosseini (Persian: سعيد علی حسينی‎‎, born 2 February 1988 in Ardabil) is an Iranian weightlifter.	Saeid Alihosseini	Ardabil
place of birth	Born in Lexington, Kentucky on October 11, 1879, to Dr. W. O. Sweeney and Margaret Prewitt Sweeney, Mary E. Sweeney attended Transylvania University where she received her bachelor's degree in 1899.	Mary E. Sweeney	Lexington
place of birth	Ronn Owens (born Ronald Lowenstein on October 17, 1945, in New York City), is an American talk radio host.	Ronn Owens	New York City
place of birth	Chase was born in Somersworth, New Hampshire, on March 8, 1888, to public accountant Harvey Stuart Chase and Aaronette Rowe.	Stuart Chase	Somersworth
place of birth	Mino da Fiesole (c. 1429 -- July 11, 1484), also known as Mino di Giovanni, was an Italian sculptor from Poppi, Tuscany.	Mino da Fiesole	Poppi
place of birth	Grayston Burgess (Cheriton, Kent 7 April 1932) is an English countertenor and conductor.	Grayston Burgess	Cheriton, Kent
place of birth	Sebald de Weert was born in Antwerp, the sixth of 17 children of Johannes (Jan or Hans) Sweerts de Weert (b. 1538) and Clara (Claartje) Wonderer (1541--1595).	Sebald de Weert	Antwerp
place of birth	Giuseppe Liberto (Chiusa Sclafani, 21 August 1943) is an Italian priest, choral director and composer.	Giuseppe Liberto	Chiusa Sclafani
place of birth	Tony Almeida was born in Chicago, Illinois, in 1973 to an Italian mother and a Portuguese father.	Tony Almeida	Chicago
place of birth	Adriaen Maertensz Block (c.1582, Gouda - 7 March 1661, Lisse) was successively captain, commander, and governor of Ambon between 1614-1617, administrator of the Raad van Indië for the Kamer of the Dutch East India Company in Amsterdam (VOC) in Batavia.	Adriaen Maertensz Block	Gouda
place of birth	Alex Belli (born 22 December 1982 in Parma) is an Italian model, media personality and actor, best known for his role (Jacopo Castelli, 2010-2015) on daytime soap opera CentoVetrine.	Alex Belli	Parma
place of birth	Phil Chard (born 16 October 1960 in Corby) is an English former footballer who is a former manager of Northampton Town.	Phil Chard	Corby
place of birth	Rene Maurin (born 1971, in Maribor, Slovenia) is a Slovene theatre director, film director and screenwriter.	Rene Maurin	Maribor
place of birth	Roberto Chiappa (born 11 September 1973) is an Italian track cyclist born in Terni.	Roberto Chiappa	Terni
place of birth	Nicolas Gisin (born 1952) is a Swiss physicist and professor at the University of Geneva working on quantum information and communication,.	Nicolas Gisin	Geneva
place of birth	Ishi (c. 1861 -- March 25, 1916) was the last member of the Yahi, a group of the Yana of the U.S. state of California.	Ishi	California
place of birth	Laurence Peter Rowley, better known as Laurie Rowley (30 July 1941 -- 16 August 2009) was an English comedy writer from Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire.	Laurie Rowley	Leeds
place of birth	Michel Benita (born 1954 in Algiers, Algeria) is a double bass player, prominent in jazz music since 1980's.	Michel Benita	Algiers
place of birth	Leach was born in Sidmouth, Devon, the youngest of three children and the son of William Edmund Leach and Mildred Brierley.	Edmund Leach	Sidmouth
place of birth	Michelle Malkin was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Philippine citizens Rafaela (née Perez) -- a homemaker and teacher -- and Apolo DeCastro Maglalang, who was then a physician-in-training.	Michelle Malkin	Philadelphia
place of birth	Jennifer Todd (born October 3, 1969 in Los Angeles) is an American film producer.	Jennifer Todd	Los Angeles
place of birth	Ann Baker (born 1931, Sedalia, Missouri) is a former American television and film character actor.	Ann Baker	Sedalia
place of birth	Wilhelm Engerth was born on 26 May 1814 at Pleß in Prussian Silesia (present-day Pszczyna, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland).	Wilhelm Engerth	Pszczyna
place of birth	Najeh Braham (born 20 May 1977 in Bembla) is a Tunisian retired footballer and current manager.	Najeh Braham	Bembla
place of birth	Chaïm Nissim (born in 1949 in Jerusalem, Israel) is a Swiss former activist, perpetrator of the rocket attack of 18 January 1982 on the Superphénix nuclear plant, and Green politician.	Chaïm Nissim	Jerusalem
place of birth	Harald Quandt was born in Charlottenburg, the son of industrialist Günther Quandt and Magda Behrend Rietschel who had married in 1921.	Harald Quandt	Charlottenburg
place of birth	Fathima Beevi was born on 30 April 1927 at Pathanamthitta, Travancore (now Kerala, India) as the daughter of Meer Sahib and Khadeeja Bibi.	Fathima Beevi	Pathanamthitta
place of birth	Lajos Dudas (Hungarian: (ˈlɒjoʃ ˈdudɒʃ); born February 18, 1941 in Budapest, Hungary) is a German-Hungarian jazz clarinetist and composer.	Lajos Dudas	Budapest
place of birth	The son of John Jowett of Newington, Surrey, William Jowett was also a nephew of the jurist Joseph Jowett.	William Jowett	Newington
place of birth	Jan Frode Nornes (born 8 January 1973 in Tønsberg) is a retired Norwegian footballer, now working as an assistant manager for Odd Grenland in the Norwegian Premier League.	Jan Frode Nornes	Tønsberg
place of birth	Maha Jabeen Mohammed, better known as Mahe Jabeen was born in 1961 in Nellore in a Muslim family.	Mahe Jabeen	Nellore
place of birth	Florida Ruffin Ridley (1861 -- 1943) was an African-American civil rights activist, teacher, writer, and editor from Boston, Massachusetts.	Florida Ruffin Ridley	Boston
place of birth	Thomas Klauser (born 9 June 1964 in Reit im Winkl) was a West German-German ski jumper who competed from 1979 to 1991.	Thomas Klauser	Reit im Winkl
place of birth	Marzio Bruseghin (born 15 June 1974 in Conegliano, Treviso) is an Italian retired professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 1997 and 2012.	Marzio Bruseghin	Conegliano
place of birth	Tarita Virtue was born in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago on February 16, 1970, to a racially and ethnically mixed Trinidadian mother and Jamaican father, but was raised in Boca Raton, Florida.	Tarita Virtue	Port of Spain
place of birth	Jacopo Borbone (Novellara, active early 17th century) was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period.	Jacopo Borbone	Novellara
place of birth	Stefan Michnik - born 28 September 1929 in Drohobycz (Second Polish Republic, now Drohobych, Ukraine), captain Polish People's Army, is a former Stalinist judge operating in postwar Poland; implicated in the arrest, internment and staged execution of a number of Polish resistance fighters.	Stefan Michnik	Drohobych
place of birth	Alfréd Meissner was born in Mladá Boleslav, a city about 50 kilometres (31 miles) northeast of Prag, on April 10, 1871, in what was then the Kingdom of Bohemia, a crown-land of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Alfréd Meissner	Mladá Boleslav
place of birth	Schuyler Colfax was born on March 23, 1823 in New York City to Schuyler Colfax Sr. (born August 3, 1792), a bank teller, and Hannah Delameter Stryker, who had married on April 25, 1820.	Schuyler Colfax	New York City
place of birth	Nicander of Colophon (Greek: Νίκανδρος ὁ Κολοφώνιος Níkandros ho Kolophṓnios; fl. 2nd century BC), Greek poet, physician and grammarian, was born at Claros (Ahmetbeyli in modern Turkey), near Colophon, where his family held the hereditary priesthood of Apollo.	Nicander	Colophon
place of birth	Valerie Davey (born Valerie Corbett 16 April 1940, Sutton, Surrey) is a former Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Bristol West in England.	Valerie Davey	Surrey
place of birth	Carl Donald Boström (born 30 May 1954 in Stockholm) is a Swedish journalist, photographer and writer.	Donald Boström	Stockholm
place of birth	Kâzım Orbay was born in Smyrna (present day: İzmir), Ottoman Empire in 1887.	Kâzım Orbay	İzmir
place of birth	Douglas Blackburn (6 August 1857, Southwark -- 28 March 1929, Tonbridge) was an English journalist and novelist, who worked in the Transvaal and Natal between 1892 and 1908.	Douglas Blackburn	Southwark
place of birth	Nguyễn Huy Hoàng (born on 1 January 1981) is a Vietnamese football player, playing for Sông Lam Nghệ An ever since he started his professional career.	Nguyễn Huy Hoàng	Nghệ An
place of birth	Bali Rai was born in Leicester in 1971 and grew up in a multicultural, multi-racial community close to the city centre.	Bali Rai	Leicester
place of birth	Felix Hanemann (born May 1, 1953 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American singer and musician.	Felix Hanemann	New Orleans
place of birth	Dr. Ludwig Landmann (May 18, 1868 in Mannheim -- March 5, 1945 in Voorburg, Netherlands) was a liberal German politician of the Weimar Republic.	Ludwig Landmann	Mannheim
place of birth	Benjamin Ruggles Woodbridge (March 5, 1739 -- March 8, 1819) of South Hadley, Massachusetts, practiced medicine and law, was a colonel in the Massachusetts militia during the American Revolutionary War, and was a commander at the Battle of Bunker Hill.	Benjamin Ruggles Woodbridge	South Hadley
place of birth	Zlatko Nastevski (Macedonian: Златкo Hacтeвcки ; born 4 August 1957 in Skopje) is a Macedonia retired football (soccer) player.	Zlatko Nastevski	Skopje
place of birth	Rafael Vágner Dias Silva or simply Vágner Silva (born June 9, 1983 in Betim), is a Brazilian footballer.	Rafael Vágner Dias Silva	Betim
place of birth	William Henry, Prince of Nassau-Saarbrücken (6 March 1718 in Usingen -- 24 July 1768 in Saarbrücken), was Prince of Nassau-Saarbrücken from 1741 until his death.	William Henry, Prince of Nassau-Saarbrücken	Usingen
place of birth	Cai Shun (Chinese: 蔡顺; born 1 February 1991 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a Chinese football player.	Cai Shun	Wuhan
place of birth	Chandra Davis (born January 2, 1978 in Detroit, Michigan), aka London Charles and Deelishis, is an American model, and was a reality show contestant.	Chandra Davis	Detroit
place of birth	Yiğit Bulut (born 1 January 1972, Keşan, Edirne Province) is a Turkish journalist and (since July 2013) a senior advisor to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.	Yiğit Bulut	Keşan
place of birth	Gail Vaz-Oxlade (born June 18, 1959 in Jamaica) is a Jamaican-Canadian financial writer and television personality who lives in Brighton, Ontario, Canada.	Gail Vaz-Oxlade	Jamaica
place of birth	Ulick Lupede (born 1 June 1984 in Pointe-à-Pitre) is a French footballer currently under amator contract for French side C.O. Saint-Saturnin Arche.	Ulick Lupede	Pointe-à-Pitre
place of birth	Nay Toe was born as Nay Lin Tun on 9 September 1981 to ethnic Rakhine parents, Than Myaing and her husband Aung Than in Manaung, Rakhine State.	Nay Toe	Rakhine State
place of birth	Andrea Jutson is a writer who was born and raised in Auckland, New Zealand.	Andrea Jutson	Auckland
place of birth	Alexandra Razarenova (or Razaryonova, Russian: Александра Германовна Разарёнова, born 17 July 1990 in Saint Petersburg) is a Russian professional triathlete, member of the Russian National Elite Team, Russian Elite Champion of the year 2011, and European U23 Champion of the year 2011.	Alexandra Razarenova	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Frank Airey (born 1887) was a footballer who played in The Football League for Gainsborough Trinity.	Frank Airey	Gainsborough
place of birth	When Guo Wei was born in 904 in Yaoshan (堯山; in modern Longyao County, Hebei), the Tang Dynasty had disintegrated into regions controlled by warlords fighting amongst one other.	Guo Wei	Longyao County
place of birth	Suzanne Grossmann (December 21, 1937 -- August 19, 2010) was a Swiss-American actress, playwright and television writer, born in Basel, Switzerland.	Suzanne Grossmann	Basel
place of birth	Sarkis Torossian was born in the Armenian populated village of Everek (present-day: Develi) near Kayseri in 1893.	Sarkis Torossian	Develi
place of birth	Born in Farmersville, Texas, Loren Murchison was an AAU Champion in 100 yd (91 m) in 1920 and 1923 and in 220 yd (200 m) in 1918 and 1923.	Loren Murchison	Farmersville, Texas
place of birth	Frank Heemskerk (born July 26, 1969 in Haarlem) is a former Dutch politician.	Frank Heemskerk	Haarlem
place of birth	Roger De Coster (born 28 August 1944 in Uccle) is a Belgian former world champion motocross racer and current motocross team manager.	Roger De Coster	Uccle
place of birth	Philippe d'Encausse (born 24 March 1967 in Clermont-Ferrand) is a retired French pole vaulter, whose father, Hervé d'Encausse, was a European record holder and 1968 Olympic finalist in pole vault.	Philippe d'Encausse	Clermont-Ferrand
place of birth	Fabrício dos Santos Silva or simply Fabrício (born January 11, 1987 in São Paulo), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Cruzeiro, on loan from Internacional as left back.	Fabrício dos Santos Silva	São Paulo
place of birth	Teymour Ghiasi (Persian: تیمور غیاثی ‎, born 12 April 1946 in Dargaz) is an Iranian retired high jumper.	Teymour Ghiasi	Dargaz
place of birth	Sun Shilin (Chinese: 孙世林; born 24 October 1988 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin.	Sun Shilin	Dalian
place of birth	Leon Stein (September 18, 1910 in Chicago -- May 9, 2002 in Laguna Hills, California) was an American composer and music analyst.	Leon Stein	Chicago
place of birth	Seana Kofoed is an American television and stage actress, born on August 13, 1970 in Wilmette, Illinois.	Seana Kofoed	Wilmette
place of birth	Joey Gibson (born August 11, 1945 in Santa Monica, California) is an American model who was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its June 1967 issue.	Joey Gibson	Santa Monica
place of birth	Rob Vincent (born 26 October 1990 in Liverpool, England) is an English footballer currently playing for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL.	Rob Vincent	Liverpool
place of birth	Johannes Nicolaus Brønsted (Danish pronunciation: (joˈhanˀəs ˈneɡ̊olɑʊ̯ˀs ˈb̥ʁɶnsd̥ɛð) February 22, 1879 -- December 17, 1947) born in Varde, was a Danish physical chemist.	Johannes Nicolaus Brønsted	Varde
place of birth	John Cassell was born on 23 January 1817 in Manchester, then in Lancashire; the son of Mark Cassell, landlord of a public house called ``The Ring O' Bells'' at 8 The Old Churchyard, Hunt's Bank, Manchester.	John Cassell	Manchester
place of birth	Pier Francesco Guala (15 September 1698 -- 27 February 1757), also known as Pierfrancesco and Pietro Francesco, was an eighteenth-century Italian painter active for the most part in the region of his place of birth, Casale Monferrato.	Pier Francesco Guala	Casale Monferrato
place of birth	Martha Somerman was born on 13 March 1947 in Brooklyn, NY, U.S.A. She was appointed the Director of the National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research (NIDCR) in 2011.	Martha Somerman	Brooklyn
place of birth	Yohann Capolungo (born May 13, 1988 in Auxerre) is a French footballer, who currently plays for McGill Redmen Soccer in Montreal, Quebec.	Yohann Capolungo	Auxerre
place of birth	Teddy Thompson was born in 1976 in a London Sufi commune to folk-rock musicians Richard and Linda Thompson, both major musical figures in the English folk rock scene from the 1960s on.	Teddy Thompson	London
place of birth	Greg Dalby (born November 3, 1985 in Newport Beach, California) is a former American soccer player who is now an assistant coach at Davidson College.	Greg Dalby	Newport Beach
place of birth	Chersiphron (/ˈkɜrsɨfrɒn/; Greek: Χερσίφρων; fl. 6th century BC), an architect of Knossos in ancient Crete, was the builder of the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus, on the Ionian coast.	Chersiphron	Knossos
place of birth	Pippa Guard (born Philippa Ann Guard, on 13 October 1952, in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a British actress.	Pippa Guard	Edinburgh
place of birth	Johann Lucas Boër (20 April 1751, Uffenheim, Grafschaft Ansbach -- 19 January 1835, Alsergrund), originally Johann Lucas Boogers (sometimes spelled Rogers Lucas Johann Boër) was a German medical doctor and obstetrician.	Johann Lucas Boër	Uffenheim
place of birth	Johann Baptist von Keller (May 16, 1774 -- October 17, 1845) was a German Catholic priest from Salem.	Johann Baptist von Keller	Salem
place of birth	David Dwight Baldwin (26 November 1831, Honolulu -- 16 June 1912, Honolulu) was a businessman, educator, and biologist on Maui in the Hawaiian islands.	David Dwight Baldwin	Honolulu
place of birth	Johann Reuchlin was born at Pforzheim in the Black Forest in 1455, where his father was an official of the Dominican monastery.	Johann Reuchlin	Pforzheim
place of birth	Dore Hoyer was born in Dresden to a working-class family on 12 December 1911.	Dore Hoyer	Dresden
place of birth	Stanisław Sojka (born April 26, 1959 in Żory, Upper Silesia), also known as Stanisław Soyka, is a Polish jazz and pop singer, pianist and composer.	Stanisław Sojka	Żory
place of birth	George Benedict Sloane (1898--1958), of New York City, was a noted philatelic dealer and auctioneer.	George Benedict Sloane	New York City
place of birth	A large number of his works are on display in the Rudolph Tegner Museum north of Copenhagen.	Rudolph Tegner	Copenhagen
place of birth	Enrico Degano (born 11 March 1976 in Gorizia) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rode for UCI Professional Continental team Barloworld until the team's demise.	Enrico Degano	Gorizia
place of birth	James D'Agostino (born 1975), professionally known as DJ Green Lantern, is an American hip hop disc Jockey (DJ) and music producer from Rochester, New York.	DJ Green Lantern	Rochester
place of birth	Frank Springer was born in the Jamaica neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens, and moved with his family to nearby Nassau County, Long Island when he was nearly 10 years old.	Frank Springer	New York City
place of birth	Hilarion was born in Thabatha, south of Gaza in Syria Palaestina of pagan parents.	Hilarion	Gaza
place of birth	Erwin Wagenhofer (born 27 May 1961 in Amstetten) is an Austrian author and film director.	Erwin Wagenhofer	Amstetten
place of birth	Fernando Grostein Andrade, or Fernando Andrade (born January 30, 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian filmmaker, director, producer, screenwriter and director of photography.	Fernando Grostein Andrade	São Paulo
place of birth	Baillie Scott was born at Beards Hill, St Peters near Ramsgate, Kent, the second of ten children.	Baillie Scott	Ramsgate
place of birth	Daniele Scarpa (born January 3, 1964 in Venice) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to 1997.	Daniele Scarpa	Venice
place of birth	Born in Chicago, Illinois in 1924, the daughter of Jack Eddington of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's office, Nora Eddington was nineteen when she met Errol Flynn in February 1943 -- at the time, she was working at the courthouse where Flynn's notorious 1943 trial for statutory rape was taking place.	Nora Eddington	Chicago
place of birth	Early childhood details can be drawn from Annie Dillard's autobiography, An American Childhood (1987), about growing up in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh.	Annie Dillard	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Don Edmunds (September 23, 1930 Santa Ana, California) was an American racecar driver and car builder.	Don Edmunds	Santa Ana
place of birth	William Howard Stovall was born on his family's cotton plantation in Stovall, Mississippi on 18 February 1895.	William Howard Stovall	Stovall, Mississippi
place of birth	Xia Kangnan (Chinese: 夏康男; pinyin: Xià Kāngnán; born 13 July 1988 in Zhejiang) is a Chinese baseball pitcher for the Shanghai Eagles.	Xia Kangnan	Zhejiang
place of birth	Firishta was born at Astrabad on the shores of the Caspian Sea to Gholam Ali Hindu Shah.	Firishta	Caspian Sea
place of birth	Born on August 9, 1982 in Lexington, Kentucky, Tyson Gay is the only son of Daisy Gay and Greg Mitchell.	Tyson Gay	Lexington
place of birth	Harry Osterman is a Democratic member of the Chicago City Council, representing the 48th ward.	Harry Osterman	Chicago
place of birth	François Antoine Léon Fleury, a French landscape painter, was born in Paris in 1804.	François Antoine Léon Fleury	Paris
place of birth	Jordan Charney (born April 1, 1937, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American character actor.	Jordan Charney	Brooklyn
place of birth	Soshana Afroyim was born in 1927 as Susanne Schüller in Vienna into a Jewish middle-class family.	Soshana Afroyim	Vienna
place of birth	Jocelyn Blanchard (born 28 May 1972 in Béthune, Pas-de-Calais) is a French footballer who is currently a free agent, having been released by Austria Kärnten, after the club went into liquidation in 2010.	Jocelyn Blanchard	Béthune
place of birth	Conrad of Mure, also often referred to as Conrad of Muri (c. 1210 -- March 30, 1281), was rector of the diocesan school attached to the Zurich Minster and author of a number of important treatises on rhetoric and poetry.	Conrad of Mure	Muri
place of birth	Virgil Munteanu (born July 10, 1988 in Drobeta-Turnu Severin) is an amateur Romanian Greco-Roman wrestler, who played for the men's featherweight category.	Virgil Munteanu	Drobeta-Turnu Severin
place of birth	Christine Longford, Countess of Longford (née Trew; born in 1900 in Somerset, died 14 May 1980, Dublin, Ireland) was a playwright.	Christine Longford	Somerset
place of birth	Meinhard von Pfaundler (name sometimes given as Meinhard Pfaundler von Hadermur); (7 June 1872 - 20 June 1947) was an Austrian pediatrician born in Innsbruck.	Meinhard von Pfaundler	Innsbruck
place of birth	Hashim bey Vazirov was born and got the primary education in Shusha.	Hashim bey Vazirov	Shusha
place of birth	Bruce Rowland (b. May 9, 1942 in Melbourne) is a well-known Australian composer.	Bruce Rowland	Melbourne
place of birth	Nancy Davidson grew up in Chicago and received a B.Ed.	Nancy Davidson	Chicago
place of birth	Grzegorz Szamotulski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈɡʐɛɡɔʂ ʂamɔˈtulski); born 13 May 1976 in Gdańsk) is a Polish footballer.	Grzegorz Szamotulski	Gdańsk
place of birth	Tom Robinson was born into a middle-class family in Cambridge on 1 June 1950.	Tom Robinson	Cambridge
place of birth	Anežka Drahotová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈanɛʃka ˈdraɦotovaː); born 22 July 1995, Rumburk) is a Czech athletics competitor in racewalking, middle-distance running, and steeplechase, as well an international level cyclist.	Anežka Drahotová	Rumburk
place of birth	Estelle Denis was born in Paris but spent her childhood in Le Coudray-Montceaux, a town in the department of Essonne.	Estelle Denis	Paris
place of birth	Carlos das Neves (born August 21, 1968 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African former football player and coach who last managed Vasco da Gama.	Carlos das Neves	Cape Town
place of birth	Jan Everse (born January 5, 1954 in Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland) is a Dutch football manager and former player who last managed Dutch Eredivisie side FC Dordrecht.	Jan Everse	Rotterdam
place of birth	Georgie Dann (born 14 January 1940), is a French singer who studied for eight years at the Conservatoire de Paris and developed his artistic career in Spain starting in the 1970s, focusing on summer hits, in addition to getting his Master's degree.	Georgie Dann	Paris
place of birth	Andro Franca (born 18 October 1987 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch football player who currently plays for amateur side Kozakken Boys.	Andro Franca	Rotterdam
place of birth	Alan Mahood (born 26 March 1973 in Kilwinning, Ayrshire) is a former Scottish professional footballer who played for numerous clubs including:	Alan Mahood	Kilwinning
place of birth	Rickie Lee Jones was born the third of four children to Bettye and Richard Jones, on the north side of Chicago, Illinois on November 8, 1954.	Rickie Lee Jones	Chicago
place of birth	Solon McDade (born in Edmonton, Alberta, March 1974) is a Canadian musician and composer.	Solon McDade	Edmonton
place of birth	Johanna Schaller married Klier (born 13 September 1952 in Artern, Thüringen) is a retired hurdler and Olympic gold medallist.	Johanna Schaller	Artern
place of birth	Guilherme Só (pronounced SAH) (born April 22, 1986 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian football player.	Guilherme Só	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Mate Eterović (born 13 July 1984 in Split) is a Croatian footballer who plays for Slovenian PrvaLiga club Rudar Velenje.	Mate Eterović	Split
place of birth	Sarah Ann Glover (13 November 1785 -- 20 October 1867) was an English music educator who invented the Norwich sol-fa system.	Sarah Ann Glover	Norwich
place of birth	Wolfgang Rausch (born 30 April 1947 in Aachen) is a retired German footballer who made a total of 257 appearances in the Bundesliga during his playing career.	Wolfgang Rausch	Aachen
place of birth	John Berchmans was born 13 March 1599, in the city of Diest situated in what is now the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.	John Berchmans	Diest
place of birth	Daniel Sinapius-Horčička was born on August 3, 1640 in the village of Sučany, in the present day Martin District of the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia, though at the time the village was part of Upper Hungary in the Kingdom of Hungary.	Daniel Sinapius-Horčička	Sučany
place of birth	Raina A. Mercedes Echerer (born 16 May 1963 in Linz) is an Austrian film and stage actress, host of TV and radio shows, and politician.	Mercedes Echerer	Linz
place of birth	Wilhelm Heinrich Heintz (4 November 1817 -- 1 December 1880) was a German structural chemist from Berlin.	Wilhelm Heinrich Heintz	Berlin
place of birth	Johnny Beattie was born in Govan, Glasgow on 9 November 1926 into a working class family.	Johnny Beattie	Govan
place of birth	Iliaz Vrioni, was born in 1882 in Berat, in the Janina Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire and died in Paris in 1932.	Iliaz Vrioni	Berat
place of birth	Marcelo Augusto Oliveira Chamusca commonly referred to as Marcelo Chamusca (born 7 October 1966 in Salvador) And brother of Péricles Chamusca, who also served as an assistant coach in the period 2004 to 2009.	Marcelo Chamusca	Salvador
place of birth	McNamara was born in Glasgow and is the son of Jackie McNamara, Sr., a former professional footballer.	Jackie McNamara	Glasgow
place of birth	Maroua Chebbi (born December 30, 1986 at Tunis) is a woman footballer who has to play a season with Quebec City Amiral SC.	Maroua Chebbi	Tunis
place of birth	Liberace (known as ``Lee'' to his friends and ``Walter'' to family) was born in West Allis, Wisconsin.	Liberace	West Allis
place of birth	Yelena Zakharova was born in Moscow, they lived near the park Sokolniki.	Yelena Zakharova	Moscow
place of birth	Graham Masterton (born 16 January 1946 in Edinburgh) is a British horror author.	Graham Masterton	Edinburgh
place of birth	Harry Fragson (2 July 1869 -- 31 December 1913), born Léon Philippe Pot, was a British music hall singer and comedian, born in Soho, London.	Harry Fragson	Soho	London
place of birth	Matija Škarabot (Slovene pronunciation: (maˈtija ˈʃkarabɔt); born 4 February 1988 in Nova Gorica) is a Slovenian footballer who plays for Gorica in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Matija Škarabot	Nova Gorica
place of birth	Nicole D. Peeler (born August 24, 1978 in Aurora, Illinois) is an American author who writes the Jane True --	Nicole D. Peeler	Illinois
place of birth	Ondrej Lenárd (9 September 1942, Krompachy, Slovakia) is a Slovakian conductor.	Ondrej Lenárd	Krompachy
place of birth	Luciano Trani (born 10 August 1966 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian former football (soccer) player currently employed as the senior assistant coach at A-League club Melbourne Heart.	Luciano Trani	Melbourne
place of birth	Romero Rodrigues Filho (São Paulo, October 1, 1977) is a Brazilian businessman who studied Electric Engineering at the Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo.	Romero Rodrigues	São Paulo
place of birth	Uwe Jahn (born 29 September 1954 in Berlin) is a German football coach.	Uwe Jahn	Berlin
place of birth	Cindy Au Sin-yi (born December 16, 1979) is a Hong Kong TVB actress.	Cindy Au	Hong Kong
place of birth	Yann-Ber Kalloc'h was born on the island of Groix as the son of a fisherman (who died in October 1902) and his wife.	Yann-Ber Kalloc'h	Groix
place of birth	Andris Reiss (Kuldīga, 10 March 1978) was a Latvian cyclist who had a brief professional career early in the 21st century.	Andris Reiss	Kuldīga
place of birth	Can Artam (born June 30, 1981 in Istanbul) is a Turkish race car driver born into a car racing family.	Can Artam	Istanbul
place of birth	Born in Haiyang, Shandong Province, Liu Wanchuan started training Baguazhang at age nine with his father Liu Qinglu, his uncle Liu Qingfu (1862-1952), and Liu Qinfu's son Liu Xuehai.	Liu Wanchuan	Haiyang
place of birth	Carmine Biagio Gatti (born February 10, 1988 in Avellino) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team V.F. Colligiana on loan from S.S.C. Napoli.	Carmine Biagio Gatti	Avellino
place of birth	Ivan Tišov was born in the village of Viškovci near Đakovo.	Ivan Tišov	Viškovci
place of birth	Hong Ren, who is also known as Hongren, (Chinese: 弘仁; 1610-1663) was an early Qing painter and a member of the Anhui (or Xin'an) school of painting.	Hong Ren	Anhui
place of birth	Born in London in 1980, Evie Wyld grew up on her grandparents' sugar cane farm in New South Wales although she spent most of her adult life in Peckham.	Evie Wyld	London
place of birth	Seth Trembly (born March 21, 1982 in Littleton, Colorado) is an American soccer defensive midfielder who is currently a free agent.	Seth Trembly	Littleton
place of birth	Kristine Lunde-Borgersen (born 30 March 1980 in Kristiansand) is a retired Norwegian handballer who played for the Norwegian national team.	Kristine Lunde-Borgersen	Kristiansand
place of birth	Bobby McDonald was a Scottish footballer who was born in Aberdeen who played in the left back position.	Bobby McDonald	Aberdeen
place of birth	Bill Kelliher (born March 23, 1971) is a musician from Atlanta, Georgia, best known as rhythm guitarist of heavy metal band Mastodon.	Bill Kelliher	Atlanta
place of birth	Sammy Leung Chi Kin is a popular DJ/MC/actor in Hong Kong's Commercial Radio.	Sammy Leung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Dr. Barham Salih was born in 1960 in the city of Sulaymaniyah in Iraqi Kurdistan.	Barham Salih	Sulaymaniyah
place of birth	Hussein Amotta (Arabic: الحسين عموتة‎; also spelled Lhoussaine Ammouta -- born 24 October 1969 in Khemisset) is a Moroccan former footballer and current coach, recently managed Al-Sadd in the Qatar Stars League.	Hussein Amotta	Khemisset
place of birth	Denis Lemieux is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the riding of Chicoutimi--	Denis Lemieux	Chicoutimi
place of birth	Tony Gilkyson (born 1952 in Hollywood, California) is a Los Angeles based musician.	Tony Gilkyson	Hollywood
place of birth	Adrian Hasler got his Matura, the general qualification for university entrance, in 1984 at the Liechtenstein secondary school in Vaduz.	Adrian Hasler	Vaduz
place of birth	Herodas (Greek: Ἡρώδας), or Herondas (the name is spelt differently in the few places where he is mentioned), was a Greek poet and the author of short humorous dramatic scenes in verse, probably written in Alexandria during the 3rd century BCE.	Herodas	Alexandria
place of birth	Steve Ripley (born Paul Steven Ripley, January 1, 1950, Boise, Idaho, United States) is an American recording artist, record producer, songwriter, studio engineer, guitarist, and inventor.	Steve Ripley	Boise
place of birth	Henry N. Cobb (born April 8, 1926, in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American architect and founding partner with I.M. Pei of Pei Cobb Freed & Partners, an international architectural firm based in New York City.	Henry N. Cobb	Boston
place of birth	Bruno Mazza (June 3, 1924 in Crema -- July 25, 2012) was an Italian professional football player.	Bruno Mazza	Crema
place of birth	Born in Helsinki to a wealthy family, Gunnar Höckert had only one great season, in 1936.	Gunnar Höckert	Helsinki
place of birth	Bryce Hudson (March 29, 1979, Rabat, Morocco -- Present, Louisville, Kentucky) is a Moroccan-American Neo-plasticist (De Stijl) painter.	Bryce Hudson	Rabat
place of birth	Stefano La Rosa (born September 28, 1985 in Grosseto) is an Italian long distance runner.	Stefano La Rosa	Grosseto
place of birth	Xiong Fei originally played for the youth team of Wuhan Optics Valley F.C. and even graduated to their senior team at the beginning of the 2008 league season.	Xiong Fei	Wuhan
place of birth	Born in São Paulo, São Paulo state, Fernanda Vasconcellos worked as a model starring in several TV commercials and as a dancer in SBT's Domingo Legal show before becoming an actress.	Fernanda Vasconcellos	São Paulo
place of birth	Prof. Marwan Awartani was born in Anabta, Palestine on April 21, 1949.	Marwan Awartani	Anabta
place of birth	Susan Beaumont was born in London and is the daughter of musical comedy actress Roma Beaumont and producer/impresario Alfred Black (who was the son of the producer/impresario George Black).	Susan Beaumont	London
place of birth	José do Patrocínio was born in the city of Campos dos Goytacazes, to João Carlos Monteiro, a vicar and politician, and Justina do Espírito Santo, a young freed slave from Elmina, Ghana.	José do Patrocínio	Campos dos Goytacazes
place of birth	He was born in the town of Barnard, Vermont, on March 31, 1804, and was a son of Hathaway and Rachel Dean Richmond.	Dean Richmond	Barnard
place of birth	Rob Hubbard (born 1955 in Kingston upon Hull, England) is a British composer best known for his composition of computer game theme music, especially for microcomputers of the 1980s such as the Commodore 64.	Rob Hubbard	Kingston upon Hull
place of birth	Arnold Dreyblatt (b. New York City, 1953) is an American composer and visual artist.	Arnold Dreyblatt	New York City
place of birth	Georgi Bachev (Bulgarian: Георги Бачев) (born 18 April 1977 in Blagoevgrad) is a Bulgarian former football player and currently manager.	Georgi Bachev	Blagoevgrad
place of birth	Antonio Dal Monte (Rome, October 31, 1931) is an Italian doctor, former Scientific Director and Head of the Department of Physiology and Biomechanics Institute of Sports Science of the Italian National Olympic Committee (C.O.N.I.).	Antonio Dal Monte	Rome
place of birth	Alfred Xuereb (born 14 October 1958 in Victoria on the Maltese island of Gozo) is an Honorary Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, and first private secretary of Pope Francis.	Alfred Xuereb	Victoria
place of birth	Mary Batten (1937, in Smithfield, Virginia, United States) is an American writer of science books for children and adults.	Mary Batten	Smithfield
place of birth	Ndoda Russel Mthembu is a member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo, a South African choral group founded in 1960 - and still led - by close friend Joseph Shabalala.	Russel Mthembu	Ladysmith
place of birth	Gong Qiuxia, also romanized as Kung Chiu-hsia, was born in 1916 under the name (龚莎莎 Gong Shasha and 龚秋香 Gong Qiuxiang) in Chongming County, Jiangsu province (now part of Shanghai), China.	Gong Qiuxia	Jiangsu
place of birth	Melissa Satta (born February 7, 1986 in Boston, Massachusetts, United States) is an Italian television presenter and communications expert.	Melissa Satta	Boston
place of birth	Mattias Klum (born 10 February 1968 in Uppsala) is a Swedish freelance photographer and film producer in natural history and cultural subjects.	Mattias Klum	Uppsala
place of birth	Felix Galimir (May 12, 1910, Vienna -- November 10, 1999, New York) was an Austrian-born American-Jewish violinist and music teacher.	Felix Galimir	Vienna
place of birth	Sigitas Jakubauskas (born 29 December 1958 in Kaunas) is a retired Soviet and Lithuanian football player.	Sigitas Jakubauskas	Kaunas
place of birth	Joey Belladonna (born Joseph Bellardini, October 13, 1960, Oswego, New York) is an American thrash metal musician, best known as the vocalist for the thrash metal band Anthrax.	Joey Belladonna	Oswego
place of birth	Serge Haroche was born in Casablanca, Morocco, to Albert Haroche (1920--1998) and Valentine Haroche, née Roubleva (1921--1998) a teacher who was born in Odessa to Jewish family that relocated to Paris in the early 1920s.	Serge Haroche	Casablanca
place of birth	Son of a repressed and executed Soviet functionary, Vladimir Slepian was born in Prague and resided in Leningrad before moving to Moscow.	Vladimir Slepian	Prague
place of birth	Sandra Rauch (Berlin, 1967) is a German artist.	Sandra Rauch	Berlin
place of birth	Sadie Plant (born 1 January 1964 in Birmingham, England) is a British philosopher, cultural theorist, and author.	Sadie Plant	Birmingham
place of birth	Mike Hudema was born in Medicine Hat, Alberta in 1976 from Ukrainian and English origin parents and attended Crescent Heights High School.	Mike Hudema	Medicine Hat
place of birth	Paul Dittel (14 January 1907 in Mittweida, Saxony -- 1976?) was a German historian and Anglicist who was also an Obersturmbannführer in the Schutzstaffel (SS).	Paul Dittel	Mittweida
place of birth	Mary Sanders (born 26 August 1985 in Toronto, Canada) is an individual Rhythmic Gymnast.	Mary Sanders	Toronto
place of birth	Lian Heng was born on February 17, 1878 in modern-day Tainan, Taiwan.	Lian Heng	Tainan
place of birth	Pan Bouyoucas (born 16 August 1946 in Lebanon) is a Greek-Canadian author, playwright and translator.	Pan Bouyoucas	Lebanon
place of birth	Daniel Walker Howe (born January 10, 1937 in Ogden, Utah) is an American historian, who specializes in the early national period of U.S. history, with a particular interest in its intellectual and religious dimensions.	Daniel Walker Howe	Ogden
place of birth	Ladislaus von Rabcewicz (* June 12, 1893, in St. Kunigund (Slovene: Sveta Kungota), nearby Maribor; † December 19, 1975) was an Austrian engineer and university professor at the Vienna University of Technology.	Ladislaus von Rabcewicz	Maribor
place of birth	Tsui Ping's family originates from Jiangsu, China, but she was born in Harbin in 1938, where the family resided while her father was on business.	Tsui Ping	Harbin
place of birth	Ching-Yun Hu (Chinese: 胡瀞云) is a Taiwanese born classical pianist, winner of the 2008 Arthur Rubinstein International Piano Competition, Founder and Artistic Director Yun-Hsiang International Music Festival in Taipei and Winner of the 2012 Golden Melody Award for Best Classical Album.	Ching-Yun Hu	Taipei
place of birth	Otelo Saraiva de Carvalho was born in Lourenço Marques, Portuguese Mozambique (now Maputo, Mozambique), of Luso-Goan (Portuguese India) ancestry.	Otelo Saraiva de Carvalho	Maputo
place of birth	Salomon Garf (6 December 1879, Amsterdam -- 27 August 1943, Auschwitz) was a Dutch painter and graphic artist; known for his portraits and still lifes.	Salomon Garf	Amsterdam
place of birth	Billy Newton-Davis (born April 26, 1951 in Cleveland, Ohio, United States) is a Canadian R&B, jazz and gospel singer-songwriter.	Billy Newton-Davis	Cleveland
place of birth	Harvey Walden IV (born December 21, 1966 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former United States Marine drill instructor, author, actor and television host.	Harvey Walden IV	Chicago
place of birth	Lim Nee Soon (Chinese: 林義順; pinyin: Lín Yìshùn; born November 12, 1879 - died March 20, 1936) was a Singaporean merchant who promoted social and community matters, and was a respected community leader in Singapore.	Lim Nee Soon	Singapore
place of birth	José Horacio Chiorazzo (born June 9, 1976 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine striker.	Horacio Chiorazzo	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Dyego Rocha Coelho or simply Coelho (born 22 March 1983 in São Paulo), is a Brazilian right-back who currently plays for Atlético Sorocaba.	Dyego Rocha Coelho	São Paulo
place of birth	Born in Oakland, Mississippi, Dunbar Rowland was the youngest son of physician William Brewer Rowland and Mary Bryan Rowland.	Dunbar Rowland	Oakland, Mississippi
place of birth	Shaam was born on 4 April 1977 in Madurai, Tamil Nadu, into a Tamil-speaking family; his father hails from Madurai, while his mother is from Tirupattur.	Shaam	Madurai
place of birth	Scipione Rebiba was born in the village (borgo, vico) of San Marco d'Alunzio, in Sicily.	Scipione Rebiba	San Marco d'Alunzio
place of birth	Oksana Shachko (Ukrainian: Оксана Шачко; born Khmelnytskyi 31 January 1987) is a Ukrainian artist and activist with FEMEN.	Oksana Shachko	Khmelnytskyi
place of birth	Ian Rubin (born 17 April 1973 in Odessa, Ukraine) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1990s.	Ian Rubin	Odessa
place of birth	Dr. Theodorus van Kooten (Leeuwarden, 22 October 1749 -- Bennebroek, 1 February 1813) was a Dutch poet, professor and politician.	Theodorus van Kooten	Leeuwarden
place of birth	Nick Nuyens (born 5 May 1980 in Lier) is a Belgian former professional road racing cyclist who last rode for UCI ProTeam Cannondale-Garmin.	Nick Nuyens	Lier
place of birth	Benoit Valentin (born December 8, 1992 in Écully) is a French freestyle skier, specializing in halfpipe.	Benoit Valentin	Écully
place of birth	Born in Lista, Vest-Agder, Odd Starheim was the son of ship captain Kjetil Starheim and his wife Amalie, née Leonhardsen.	Odd Starheim	Lista
place of birth	Simone Stella (born 1981 in Florence) is an Italian harpsichordist and organist.	Simone Stella	Florence
place of birth	Nic Nolan (born 1 May 1958 in Chiswick, London, England) is an Australian broadcast journalist and communications consultant.	Nic Nolan	Chiswick
place of birth	Tom Denney (born November 23, 1982) is an American musician from Ocala, Florida.	Tom Denney	Ocala
place of birth	Mike Ring (born 13 February 1961) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Brighton & Hove Albion, Hill City, Bolton Wanderers and Aldershot.	Mike Ring	Brighton
place of birth	Celso Murilo, born Celso Pereira Levenhagen (9 March 1940, Baependi), is a Brazilian musician, composer and arranger.	Celso Murilo	Baependi
place of birth	Wang Guanyi would start his professional football career with third tier football club Tianjin Locomotive before being scouted by top tier side Shanghai Shenhua, who he eventually joined at the beginning of the 2010 league season with team mates Feng Renliang and Song Boxuan.	Wang Guanyi	Tianjin
place of birth	Warren Fales Draper was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts on August 9, 1883, the son of William Burgess Draper (May 16, 1852 -- March 11, 1939) and Carrie Marie Drew (October 3, 1856 -- February 8, 1924).	Warren Fales Draper	Cambridge
place of birth	Artem Milevskiy (Ukrainian: Артем Володимирович Мілевський; born 12 January 1985 in Minsk, Belarussian SSR) is an Ukrainian footballer who plays as a striker for Romanian club Concordia Chiajna.	Artem Milevskiy	Minsk
place of birth	William Seward Burroughs I (January 28, 1855 -- September 15, 1898) was an American inventor born in Rochester, New York.	William Seward Burroughs I	Rochester
place of birth	Ben Judge (born 18 September 1983) is a former Australian professional snooker player, from Perth.	Ben Judge	Perth
place of birth	Stephanie Chambers (born 9 March 1971) is an English actress, born in Birmingham, Warwickshire.	Stephanie Chambers	Birmingham
place of birth	Khaled Mattawa was born in Benghazi, the second largest city in Libya where he spent his childhood and early teens.	Khaled Mattawa	Benghazi
place of birth	Maikon Fernando Souza Leite (born 3 August 1988 in Mogi das Cruzes), known as Maikon Leite, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Al-Shaab, on loan from Palmeiras as a right winger or as a second striker.	Maikon Leite	Mogi das Cruzes
place of birth	Gilberto Carlos Nascimento, usually known as Betinho (born June 14, 1966 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian manager and former football player.	Gilberto Carlos Nascimento	São Paulo
place of birth	Eddie Steeples was born and raised in Spring, Texas, and was the oldest of eight children.	Eddie Steeples	Spring
place of birth	Clancy Sigal was born in Chicago, Illinois, where his father was a labor organizer.	Clancy Sigal	Chicago
place of birth	Séverine Vandenhende (born January 12, 1974 in Dechy) is a French judoka, world champion and olympic champion.	Séverine Vandenhende	Dechy
place of birth	Allan Mukuka (born 5 August 1987 in Zambia) is a Zambian football (soccer) player who plays as a Midfielder.	Allan Mukuka	Zambia
place of birth	Lucius Seius Strabo was born around 46 BC in Volsinii, Etruria, to the family of Marcus Seius Strabo and Terentia.	Lucius Seius Strabo	Volsinii
place of birth	Moussa Konaté (1951 -- 30 November 2013) was a Malian writer who was born in Kita.	Moussa Konaté	Kita
place of birth	Karim El Idrissi (born 26 November 1977 in Auxerre) is a retired French football player of Moroccan origin, who last plays for AJ Auxerre.	Karim El Idrissi	Auxerre
place of birth	Ibrahim Adil Shah I (1534--1558) was a Sultan and later Shah of the Indian kingdom of Bijapur.	Ibrahim Adil Shah I	Bijapur
place of birth	Peng Weiguo (simplified Chinese: 彭伟国; traditional Chinese: 彭偉國; pinyin: Péng Wěiguó; Jyutping: Pang4 Wai5 Gwok3; born October 3, 1971 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a retired Chinese football player who was known as one of the best midfielders in China in the 1990s.	Peng Weiguo	Guangzhou
place of birth	Carl H. Ziese, (Moscow, 2 July 1848 - 5 December 1917) was a German mechanical engineer, railway machinery manufacturer and shipbuilder of East Prussian origin.	Carl H. Ziese	Moscow
place of birth	Jan De Cock (born in Etterbeek 2 May 1976) is a contemporary Belgian visual artist.	Jan De Cock	Etterbeek
place of birth	Paul Kempeneers (born in Tienen on December 9, 1935) is a Belgian philologist and linguist.	Paul Kempeneers	Tienen
place of birth	Huang Xu (simplified Chinese: 黄旭; traditional Chinese: 黃旭; pinyin: Huáng Xù; born February 4, 1979 in Nantong, Jiangsu) is a Chinese artistic gymnast.	Huang Xu	Nantong
place of birth	Gonzalo Segares González (born October 13, 1982 in San José) is a retired Costa Rican footballer who spent most of his career with the Chicago Fire in Major League Soccer.	Gonzalo Segares	San José
place of birth	George DelHoyo (born November 23, 1953, Canelones, Uruguay), also known as George Deloy, is a Uruguay-born American actor.	George DelHoyo	Canelones
place of birth	Franz Hengsbach was born in Velmede to Johann and Theresia Hengsbach; he had five brothers and two sisters.	Franz Hengsbach	Velmede
place of birth	Ivar Vidfamne (or Ívarr inn víðfaðmi; English exonym Ivar Widefathom; Danish Ivar Vidfadme) was a legendary Scanian, Danish and Swedish mythological king hailing from Scania.	Ivar Vidfamne	Scania
place of birth	Karen Barber (born 21 June 1961 in Manchester) is an English ice dancer.	Karen Barber	Manchester
place of birth	Carl Friedrich Haase, name sometimes spelled as Karl Friedrich Haase (13 February 1788, Leipzig - 10 November 1865, Ober-Lössnitz near Dresden) was a German obstetrician.	Carl Friedrich Haase	Leipzig
place of birth	Antonio Soda (born 24 June 1964 in Cutro) is an Italian football manager currently of Vibonese and former striker.	Antonio Soda	Cutro
place of birth	Lee Kin Wo (Chinese: 李健和; Jyutping: lei5 gin6 wo4, born 20 October 1967 in Hong Kong) is one of the most famous footballers in Hong Kong and his most usual position is right wing.	Lee Kin Wo	Hong Kong
place of birth	Lenny Pickett (born Las Cruces, New Mexico, April 10, 1954) is an American saxophonist, flutist, clarinetist, composer, arranger, music director and teacher.	Lenny Pickett	Las Cruces
place of birth	Fabrice Luchini was born in Paris, into an Italian immigrant family from Assisi who were greengrocers.	Fabrice Luchini	Paris
place of birth	Andreas Alcibiades (Greek: Αντρέας Αλκιβιάδης; born 19 September 1991 in Nicosia) is a Cypriot winger who plays for Omonia Aradippou in the Cypriot Second Division.	Andreas Alcibiades	Nicosia
place of birth	William Tester (born April 26, 1960, in Charleston, South Carolina) is an American short story writer and novelist.	William Tester	Charleston
place of birth	Sigleif Johansen (born October 25, 1948 in Tana) is a former Norwegian biathlete.	Sigleif Johansen	Tana
place of birth	Penelope Williamson (b. Fairbanks, Alaska, USA) is an American writer of romance novels as her real name and as the pen names Elizabeth Lambert and Penn Williamson.	Elizabeth Lambert	Fairbanks
place of birth	Born Theo-Alice Jeanne Carpenter in Kansas City, Missouri, Carpenter started her film career at the age of three.	Jeanne Carpenter	Kansas City
place of birth	Jeanne Driessen (born in Maaseik on 3 May 1892; died 15 July 1997) was a Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams politician when the party was still known as the Christelijke Volkspartij.	Jeanne Driessen	Maaseik
place of birth	McCaul, the son of Alexander McCaul (a cordwainer) was born to a Protestant family in Dublin, 16 May 1799.	Alexander McCaul	Dublin
place of birth	Joshua Fishman (Yiddish name Shikl) was born and raised in Philadelphia.	Joshua Fishman	Philadelphia
place of birth	Ma Huateng (Chinese: 马化腾; pinyin: Mǎ Huàténg, born October 29, 1971 in Chaoyang District, Shantou City, Guangdong Province), also known as Pony Ma, is a Chinese internet entrepreneur.	Ma Huateng	Chaoyang District
place of birth	Annie Mascarene (6 June 1902 - 19 July 1963) was an Indian freedom fighter and Member of Parliament from Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.	Annie Mascarene	Thiruvananthapuram
place of birth	Born in Lindau, Rudi Spring received piano instructions from Alfred Kuppelmayer (1918--1977), starting in 1971.	Rudi Spring	Lindau
place of birth	Mikhail Iosifovich Glinsky was born to ethnic Russian peasant parents in the village of Malaya Kamenka in the Minsk Governorate of the Russian Empire (now in Mogilev Oblast, Belarus) in 1901.	Mikhail Iosifovich Glinsky	Minsk Governorate
place of birth	Thorodd Presberg (born 18 January 1944 in Drammen) is a Norwegian former football and bandy player.	Thorodd Presberg	Drammen
place of birth	Gustavo Charif (born August 18, 1966, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine writer, visual artist and film director.	Gustavo Charif	Buenos Aires
place of birth	David Ossman (born December 6, 1936 in Santa Monica, California) is an American writer and comedian, best known as a member of The Firesign Theatre and screenwriter of such films as Zachariah.	David Ossman	Santa Monica
place of birth	Clive Middlemass (born 25 August 1944 in Sheffield) is an English former professional footballer and manager.	Clive Middlemass	Sheffield
place of birth	Auro Roselli (1921 in Pescara - May 12, 2013) was an Italian resistant, journalist, photographer, writer and inventor.	Auro Roselli	Pescara
place of birth	Giuseppe Galluzzo (born May 30, 1960 in Siderno) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player who is currently managing U.S. Castrovillari Calcio.	Giuseppe Galluzzo	Siderno
place of birth	Susie Arioli is a Canadian jazz singer from Montreal.	Susie Arioli	Montreal
place of birth	Tansy Davies (born 29 May 1973, Bristol) is an English composer of contemporary classical music.	Tansy Davies	Bristol
place of birth	Willy Dobbe (born 2 January 1944 in The Hague) is a Dutch television announcer and former television presenter.	Willy Dobbe	The Hague
place of birth	Miloš Kolaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Колаковић; born 25 June 1974 in Belgrade) is a Serbian former footballer.	Miloš Kolaković	Belgrade
place of birth	Rita Dominic is a member of the Royal Waturuocha family of Aboh Mbaise local government area in Imo State.	Rita Dominic	Mbaise
place of birth	Theobaldo di Gatti (c.1650-1727) was a composer and musician, born in Florence.	Theobaldo di Gatti	Florence
place of birth	Olaf Seier, called ``Leo'' (due to his long lion-like hair), started his career with the Rostock based football club Polizei SV Rostock in 1970, where he achieved to become part of the first team and was able to play in the GDR Oberliga.	Olaf Seier	Rostock
place of birth	Michael Offei is of Ghanaian descent, and lives in London.	Michael Offei	London
place of birth	Duncan Gordon Boyes was born at 3 Paragon Buildings, Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, the son of John Boyes and his wife Sabina on 5 November 1846.	Duncan Gordon Boyes	Cheltenham
place of birth	Saint Olegarius Bonestruga (from Germanic Oldegar, Latin: Ollegarius, Oligarius, Catalan: Oleguer, Spanish: Olegario; 1060 -- 6 March 1137) was the Bishop of Barcelona from 1116 and Archbishop of Tarragona from 1118 until his death.	Olegarius	Barcelona
place of birth	Jermaine Eric Shute (born December 15, 1984), better known by his stage name Starlito (formerly All $tar Cashville Prince) is an American rapper from Nashville, Tennessee.	Starlito	Nashville
place of birth	Detlef Lienau (February 17, 1818 Uetersen -- August 29, 1887) was a German architect born in Holstein.	Detlef Lienau	Uetersen
place of birth	Richard Rust (July 13, 1938 -- November 9, 1994) was an American actor of stage, television, and film born in Boston, probably best remembered for his role as a young lawyer in NBC's Sam Benedict series (1962-1963).	Richard Rust	Boston
place of birth	Paul Scholes (/ˈpɔːl ˈskoʊlz/; born 16 November 1974) is a retired English footballer who played his entire professional career for Manchester United and is currently co-owner of Salford City.	Paul Scholes	Salford
place of birth	Erin Cardillo (born February 17, 1977, in White Plains, New York, United States) is an American actress.	Erin Cardillo	White Plains
place of birth	Born in Camapuã, Mato Grosso do Sul, Lincom moved to Birigui, São Paulo at the age of two.	Lincom	Camapuã
place of birth	René Pleven was born in Rennes on 15 April 1901 as the son of a commissioned officer and director of studies at the Special Military School of St. Cyr.	René Pleven	Rennes
place of birth	Jennifer Lyn Jackson (March 21, 1969 -- January 22, 2010) of Cleveland, Ohio, was the Playboy magazine Playmate of the Month for April 1989.	Jennifer Lyn Jackson	Cleveland
place of birth	Željko Kerum was born in the village of Ogorje (part of Muć) in the Dalmatian hinterland.	Željko Kerum	Muć
place of birth	Ünal Karaman (born 29 June 1966 in Konya) is a former Turkish professional footballer and manager.	Ünal Karaman	Konya
place of birth	Radwan Al-Sheikh Hassan (Arabic: رضوان الشيخ حسن‎) is a Syrian football Defender who played for Syria in the 1984 Asian Cup.	Radwan Al-Sheikh Hassan	Syria
place of birth	Henk ten Cate (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦɛŋk tɛn ˈkaː.tə), born 9 December 1954 in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a Dutch football manager and a former professional player , current coach of Al Jazira.	Henk ten Cate	Amsterdam
place of birth	Brendon Dedekind (born 14 February 1976 in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African retired swimmer.	Brendon Dedekind	Pietermaritzburg
place of birth	Luís Fernando Rodrigues dos Santos known as his given name Luís Fernando (born 21 December 1983 in Santana do Livramento, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian footballer playing for Nacional Atlético Clube.	Luís Fernando Rodrigues dos Santos	Santana do Livramento
place of birth	Leon Prima (July 28, 1907, New Orleans - 1985) was an American jazz trumpeter.	Leon Prima	New Orleans
place of birth	Born in Stockholm, the son of painter and carpenter E.H. Cederlund and Ida Matilda Ullman, Gösta Cederlund made his professional stage debut in 1907 at Svenska teatern (Swedish Theatre; Sweden's national stage in Stockholm between 1875--1925).	Gösta Cederlund	Stockholm
place of birth	Guy Vanderhaeghe was born on April 5, 1951 in Esterhazy, a mining town in southeastern Saskatchewan.	Guy Vanderhaeghe	Esterhazy
place of birth	In 1989 Ramesh Sippy and his wife Kiran visited Karachi,Pakistan and stayed for a few days.	Ramesh Sippy	Karachi
place of birth	Marco Vistalli (born 3 October 1987 in Alzano Lombardo) is an Italian sprinter, specializing in 400 metres.	Marco Vistalli	Alzano Lombardo
place of birth	Yves Charnay (born 25 January 1942 in Saint-Chamond, Loire) is a French Light Artist and painter.	Yves Charnay	Saint-Chamond
place of birth	Lindy Hemming (born August 21, 1948 in Wales) is a Welsh costume designer, who won the Academy Award for Costume Design for Topsy-Turvy (1999).	Lindy Hemming	Wales
place of birth	Margaretha de Heer was in Leeuwarden in the Dutch Republic in 1603.	Margaretha de Heer	Leeuwarden
place of birth	Sofi Sarah Tsedaka (born Sofi Tsedaka in Holon on 26 October 1975) is an Israeli actress, singer, television presenter and politician from the Holon Samaritan community.	Sofi Tsedaka	Holon
place of birth	David Livschitz (Hebrew: דוד ליבשיץ‎, born 12 May 1897, died 30 October 1973) was a Russia-born Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam, the Faction independent of Ahdut HaAvoda and Mapai between 1951 and 1959.	David Livschitz	Russia
place of birth	Joey Brock (born 20 September 1988 in Arnhem) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a left Back.	Joey Brock	Arnhem
place of birth	Gaëtan Roussel (born 13 October 1972 Rodez, Aveyron) is a French singer, songwriter and composer.	Gaëtan Roussel	Rodez
place of birth	Heijermans was born in Rotterdam, into a liberal Jewish family, the fifth of the 11 children of Herman Heijermans Sr. and Matilda Moses Spiers.	Herman Heijermans	Rotterdam
place of birth	David Fonseca (Portuguese pronunciation: (dɐˈvid fõˈsekɐ), born on 14 June 1973, in Leiria) is a Portuguese musician, singer-songwriter.	David Fonseca	Leiria
place of birth	Ernest Edward Austen (1867 in London -- 16 January 1938) was an English entomologist specialising in Diptera and Hymenoptera.	Ernest Edward Austen	London
place of birth	Kevin Pauwels (born 12 April 1984, in Ekeren) is a Belgian professional racing cyclist, for the Sunweb-Napoleon Games team.	Kevin Pauwels	Ekeren
place of birth	Beauchamp Tower was born the son of Robert Beauchamp Tower, rector of Moreton, Essex and educated at Uppingham School, Rutland.	Beauchamp Tower	Moreton
place of birth	Cédric Fèvre-Chevalier (born in Dijon on 1 November 1983) is a Paralympic sports-shooter.	Cédric Fèvre-Chevalier	Dijon
place of birth	Jeremy Gara (born June 6, 1978) is a Canadian drummer from Ottawa, Ontario.	Jeremy Gara	Ottawa
place of birth	Neil Grayson (born 1 November 1964 in York) is a retired English footballer who last played as a striker for Sutton Town.	Neil Grayson	York
place of birth	Franz Carr (born 24 September 1966 in Preston) is an English former professional footballer who played as a Winger from 1984 until 2000, notably for Nottingham Forest, as well as playing for Newcastle United in League Division 1 and in the Premier League for Leicester City and Aston Villa.	Franz Carr	Preston
place of birth	Pëllumb Jusufi (Albanian: Pëllumb Jusufi; Croatian: Plumb Jusufi; Macedonian: Пелумб Јусуфи) (born 10 February 1988 in Tetovo) is a Croatian-Macedonian football player.	Pëllumb Jusufi	Tetovo
place of birth	Tony Colavecchia (born 7 August 1963 in Skegness, England) is a former collegiate soccer head coach.	Tony Colavecchia	Skegness
place of birth	Many of Skelton's personal and professional effects, including prints of his artwork, were donated to Vincennes University by his widow, where they are part of the Red Skelton Museum of American Comedy.	Red Skelton	Vincennes
place of birth	Roger Jepsen was born the son of Emil Jepsen and Esther (Sorensen) Jepsen on December 23, 1928 in Cedar Falls, Iowa, where he attended the public schools and the University of Northern Iowa.	Roger Jepsen	Cedar Falls, Iowa
place of birth	Edwin Redvers Baden Herod (16 May 1900 -- 1973) was a professional footballer who played for Barking Town, Ilford, Great Eastern Railway Works F.C., Charlton Athletic, Brentford, Tottenham Hotspur, Chester City, Swindon Town and Clapton Orient.	Baden Herod	Ilford
place of birth	Born in Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul state, Tiago Treichel had played for Pelotas, Sapiranga, Novo Hamburgo (form 1 August 2005 to January 2006) in state leagues before signed by Bulgarian side Litex Lovech on 31 January 2006.	Tiago Treichel	Pelotas
place of birth	Reinier Robbemond (born 31 January 1972 in Dordrecht) is a Dutch football manager and former player who is currently manager of Eerste Divisie side FC Oss.	Reinier Robbemond	Dordrecht
place of birth	Joseph Finder was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1958, and spent much of his early childhood in Afghanistan and the Philippines before his family returned to the United States and lived in Bellingham, Washington and outside Albany, New York.	Joseph Finder	Chicago
place of birth	Jacob Cheung Chi-Leung is a Hong Kong film director, producer, screenwriter, and actor.	Jacob Cheung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Gabrielle Beaumont (born on 7 April 1942 in London, England) is a British film and television director.	Gabrielle Beaumont	London
place of birth	Claudiu Vaișcovici (born 14 October 1962) is a Romanian retired football striker, who played for Sportul Studențesc, Dunărea Galați, Oțelul Galați, Victoria București, Dinamo București, Bursaspor, Zimbru Chișinău and Progresul București.	Claudiu Vaișcovici	Galați
place of birth	Alpheus Beede Stickney was born in Wilton, Maine, on June 27, 1840, the first son of Daniel Stickney and his third wife, Ursula Maria Beede.	Alpheus Beede Stickney	Wilton
place of birth	Bruno Fitoussi (born September 21, 1958) is a French professional poker player from Paris.	Bruno Fitoussi	Paris
place of birth	Hermann Julius Kolbe (2 June 1855, Halle, Province of Westphalia -- 26 November 1939) was a German entomologist from Halle, Westphalia.	Hermann Julius Kolbe	Halle
place of birth	Hazel Webb-Crozier is an award winning international costume designer from Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Hazel Webb-Crozier	Belfast
place of birth	Phillip Lamarre (born September 18, 1987 in Plantation, Florida) is an American soccer player currently without a club, having last played with the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the second division North American Soccer League.	Phillip Lamarre	Plantation
place of birth	Ivan Chopin was born in 1798 in France and lived there till 1820s.	Ivan Chopin	France
place of birth	Ida Siekmann was born in Gorken near Marienwerder (West Prussia) (now Górki, Kwidzyn County, Poland).	Ida Siekmann	Kwidzyn
place of birth	Larry Grenadier (born February 6, 1966 in San Francisco) is an American jazz double bassist.	Larry Grenadier	San Francisco
place of birth	Leena Günther (born 16 April 1991 in Cologne) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 11.33 seconds in the 100 metres event.	Leena Günther	Cologne
place of birth	Nicolas-Jean Rouppe was born in Rotterdam, and became a sub-deacon of the order of the Carmelites, but he broke radically with his faith in 1792, the day after Battle of Jemappes between the French revolutionary and Austrian armies on 6 November 1792.	Nicolas-Jean Rouppe	Rotterdam
place of birth	Ze'ev Haimovich (Hebrew: זאב חיימוביץ‎; born 7 April 1983 in Netanya) is an Israeli footballer playing for Maccabi Netanya.	Ze'ev Haimovich	Netanya
place of birth	Charles Fracé, a wildlife artist whose work was featured in more than 450 exhibitions, was born in 1926 in the small town of Mauch Chunk (now Jim Thorpe), in eastern Pennsylvania.	Charles Fracé	Jim Thorpe
place of birth	Soprano Irina Iordachescu was born in Bucharest, into a family of musicians.	Irina Iordachescu	Bucharest
place of birth	Sheron Wray (born 1970, in England) is a dancer, teacher, choreographer and theatre director.	Sheron Wray	England
place of birth	Rouguy Diallo (French pronunciation: ​(ʁu.ɡi dja.lo); born 5 February 1995 in Nice) is a French athlete who specialises in the triple jump.	Rouguy Diallo	Nice
place of birth	Kevin Cossom (born September 2, 1984) is an American singer and record producer born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and raised in Orlando, Florida.	Kevin Cossom	Philadelphia
place of birth	Paul Gentilozzi (born February 6, 1950 in Lansing, Michigan) is a race car driver and businessman.	Paul Gentilozzi	Lansing
place of birth	Silvio Diliberto (born December 16, 1963 in Rotterdam) is a former Dutch football player who was also a kicker in American football.	Silvio Diliberto	Rotterdam
place of birth	Alberto Veronesi (Milan, 1965) is an Italian conductor.	Alberto Veronesi	Milan
place of birth	Dieter Herbst (born 31 July 1960 in Groß-Gerau, Hesse) is a German communication expert, with core expertise in Marketing Management and Public Relations.	Dieter Herbst	Groß-Gerau
place of birth	Katarzyna Popowa-Zydroń (Bulgarian: Екатерина Попова) (born 30 April 1948 in Sofia) is a Polish pianist of Bulgarian descent.	Katarzyna Popowa-Zydroń	Sofia
place of birth	Sławomir Mordarski (born January 4, 1979 in Nowy Sącz) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1990s to the mid-2000s.	Sławomir Mordarski	Nowy Sącz
place of birth	Alberto Castelvecchi (Rome, 12 April 1962) is an Italian publisher and talent scout.	Alberto Castelvecchi	Rome
place of birth	Lalit Suri was born in Rawalpindi, a town now lying in Pakistan, into a trader family of the Khatri caste.	Lalit Suri	Rawalpindi
place of birth	Joe Lawless (13 February 1962 in Dublin) was an Irish soccer player during the 1980s and 1990s.	Joe Lawless	Dublin
place of birth	Washington Luiz Mascarenhas Silva or simply Washington (born August 23, 1978 in São José dos Campos), is a Brazilian striker who was the top striker in Copa Libertadores 2006 playing for Palmeiras, scoring five goals.	Washington Luiz Mascarenhas Silva	São José dos Campos
place of birth	Robbie Tice (born July 24, 1990 in White Rock, British Columbia) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Norwegian club Leknes FK and the Canadian Men's National Futsal Team.	Robbie Tice	White Rock
place of birth	A native of the city of Jeongeup in Jeollabuk-do province, Cha Kyung-bok graduated from Joongdong High School and took a Bachelor's degree from Kyunghee University, where, during his student days, he played on the national team.	Cha Kyung-bok	Jeongeup
place of birth	Peter Rosegger (31 July 1843 -- 26 June 1918) was an Austrian writer and poet from the province of Styria.	Peter Rosegger	Styria
place of birth	Thrasymachus was a citizen of Chalcedon, on the Bosphorus.	Thrasymachus	Chalcedon
place of birth	André Andrejew was born in a town of Schawli (Lithuanian: Šiauliai) in tsarist Russia, (today Lithuania), on January 21, 1887 as Andrej Andrejew (Russian: Андрей Андреев).	André Andrejew	Šiauliai
place of birth	Francisco António da Veiga Beirão (Lisbon, 24 July 1841 -- Paço de Arcos, 11 November 1916), commonly known as Francisco da Veiga Beirão (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku dɐ ˈvɐjɡɐ bɐjˈɾɐ̃w̃)), or Veiga Beirão, was a Portuguese politician of the late period of the Constitutional Monarchy.	Francisco da Veiga Beirão	Lisbon
place of birth	Jimmie R. Yee (born 1934 in Sacramento, California) is an American politician who formerly served on the Sacramento County Board of Supervisors.	Jimmie R. Yee	Sacramento
place of birth	Vincenzo Giannusa (born 1 June 1981 in Palermo) is an Italian professional football player of Italian origin currently on loan with Fondi.	Vincenzo Giannusa	Palermo
place of birth	Ewa Mazierska (born 1964 in Włocławek, Poland) is a reader in Contemporary Cinema, in the Department of Humanities of the University of Central Lancashire.	Ewa Mazierska	Włocławek
place of birth	Jerome Rothenberg was born and raised in New York City, the son of Polish-Jewish immigrant parents and is a descendant of the Talmudist Rabbi Meir of Rothenburg.	Jerome Rothenberg	New York City
place of birth	John Greenleaf Whittier was born to John and Abigail (Hussey) at their rural homestead in Haverhill, Massachusetts, on December 17, 1807.	John Greenleaf Whittier	Haverhill
place of birth	Mateo Cañellas Martorell (born 27 April 1972 in Inca, Majorca) is a retired Spanish middle distance runner.	Mateo Cañellas	Inca
place of birth	Mayana Moura (born August 29, 1982 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress and former model.	Mayana Moura	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Penelope Rosemont (born 1942 Chicago, Illinois), attended Lake Forest College.	Penelope Rosemont	Chicago
place of birth	The son of a Church of England minister, Charles Valentine Riley was born on 19 September 1843 in London's Chelsea district.	Charles Valentine Riley	London
place of birth	Davide Malacarne (born 11 July 1987 in Feltre, Province of Belluno) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Team Europcar.	Davide Malacarne	Feltre
place of birth	Paul Coker (born Paul Coker, Jr., 1929 in Lawrence, Kansas) is an American illustrator.	Paul Coker	Lawrence
place of birth	Kenza Farah was born on born July 8, 1986 in Béjaïa, Algeria and grew up in the 15th arrondissement of Marseille.	Kenza Farah	Béjaïa
place of birth	Francis Alfred Skidmore was born in Birmingham, the son of Francis Skidmore, a jeweller.	Francis Skidmore	Birmingham
place of birth	Jason DiTullio (born January 6, 1984 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired Canadian football (soccer) player and coach.	Jason DiTullio	Montreal
place of birth	Marko Kovač (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Ковач; born 9 April 1981 in Belgrade, Yugoslavia, today Serbia) is Serbian architect and film director.	Marko Kovač	Belgrade
place of birth	Max Hollein (born 1969, Vienna) has been the director of the Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt since 2001, and director of the Städel Museum and the Liebieghaus Skulpturensammlung since January 2006.	Max Hollein	Vienna
place of birth	Zofia Klepacka (Warsaw, 26 April 1986) is a Polish windsurfer.	Zofia Klepacka	Warsaw
place of birth	Niccolò dell'Abbate was born in Modena, the son of a violinist.	Niccolò dell'Abbate	Modena
place of birth	Milad Abtahi is an Iranian football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Rah Ahan in the Iran Pro League.	Milad Abtahi	Iran
place of birth	Lee Shallat-Chemel sometimes credited as Lee Shallat (born June 15, 1943 in Los Angeles, California) is an American film, television director and television producer.	Lee Shallat-Chemel	Los Angeles
place of birth	Elizabeth Hawes was born in Ridgewood, New Jersey, the second child of four.	Elizabeth Hawes	Ridgewood
place of birth	Pierre Huyghe (pronounced hweeg) was born in Paris in 1962.	Pierre Huyghe	Paris
place of birth	Alex Bruno Costa Fernandes (born 9 May 1982 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Independente de Limeira as a centre back.	Alex Bruno	São Paulo
place of birth	Amadou Touré (born September 27, 1982 in Bujumbura) is a Burundian-Burkinabé football player who, is playing for FC Wiltz 71 in Luxembourg.	Amadou Touré	Bujumbura
place of birth	Anton Batagov (born October 10, 1965 in Moscow) is a Russian pianist and post-minimalist composer.	Anton Batagov	Moscow
place of birth	Helena Klakocar was born in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina, into an ethnic Croatian family.	Helena Klakocar	Tuzla
place of birth	Holman was born in St Pancras, London, England in 1871, the son of William Holman, an actor, his mother was also on the stage under the name of May Burney.	William Holman	St Pancras
place of birth	Jeanne Pruett (born Norma Jean Bowman January 30, 1937 in Pell City, Alabama) is an American country singer and Grand Ole Opry star, best known for her 1973 country hit, ``Satin Sheets'', that spent three weeks at No. 1.	Jeanne Pruett	Pell City
place of birth	Christophe Dominici was born in Toulon and by his own account had a difficult sometimes turbulent childhood.	Christophe Dominici	Toulon
place of birth	Leonardo Henrichsen was born to a Swedish Argentine father and an English Argentine mother in Buenos Aires.	Leonardo Henrichsen	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Endel Lippmaa (15 September 1930, Tartu -- 30 July 2015) was an Estonian academian, politician, founder and chairman of the Science Council of the National Institute of Chemical Physics and Biophysics, and head chairman and professor of chemical physics, physical chemistry, physics, and mathematics at the Estonian Academy of Sciences.	Endel Lippmaa	Tartu
place of birth	Jitka Burianová (born 17 January 1977 in Prostějov) is a retired Czech sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres.	Jitka Burianová	Prostějov
place of birth	Carl Robert Fallberg was born in Cleveland, Tennessee on 11 September 1915 to Carl Fallberg (Sr.), and Gunhild Fallberg (née Sjöstedt), who both taught music at the Centenary College Conservatory in Cleveland, Tennessee from 1910-1917.	Carl Fallberg	Cleveland
place of birth	Anatole Kitain was born in Saint Petersburg into a family of professional musicians.	Anatole Kitain	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Ionuț Mihălăchioaie (born 31 January 1991 in Bacău) is a Romanian football player who is under contract with SC Bacău in Liga II. He plays as a Right back.	Ionuț Mihălăchioaie	Bacău
place of birth	Hannibal Hamlin Garland was born on a farm near West Salem, Wisconsin, on September 14, 1860, the second of four children of Richard Garland of Maine and Charlotte Isabelle McClintock.	Hamlin Garland	Wisconsin
place of birth	Gina Malo (1909--1963) was an American film actress, born Janet Flynn in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Gina Malo	Cincinnati
place of birth	Anthony Rota (born May 15, 1961 in North Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian politician and political science professor at Nipissing University.	Anthony Rota	North Bay
place of birth	Jeanne-Emilie de Villeneuve, also named Émilie de Villeneuve, was born in Toulouse, on 9 March 1811 From an early age, she lived in Hauterive Castle (near Castres), where her sick mother had withdrawn for treatment.	Émilie de Villeneuve	Toulouse
place of birth	Charles Plymell (born April 26, 1935, in Holcomb, Kansas) is a poet, novelist, and small press publisher.	Charles Plymell	Holcomb, Kansas
place of birth	Esa Ruoho (born October 26, 1978), better known as Lackluster, is a Finnish electronic music producer and performer from Kontula, Helsinki.	Lackluster	Helsinki
place of birth	Born in New York City, Constance Binney was educated at Westover School, a private college preparatory boarding school for girls in Middlebury, Connecticut and in Paris, France.	Constance Binney	New York City
place of birth	Saad Hassar (Arabic: سعد حصار‎ -- born 21 February 1953, Salé) is a Moroccan politician.	Saad Hassar	Salé
place of birth	François Dompierre (born July 1, 1943 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian musician and composer, best known as a composer of film scores.	François Dompierre	Ottawa
place of birth	Thomas Monro was born 1759, in London, youngest son of Dr John Monro (9th of Fyrish) and Elizabeth Culling Smith.	Thomas Monro	London
place of birth	Harvey Pitt (b. Brooklyn, New York, February 28, 1945) was the 26th chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), serving from 2001-2003.	Harvey Pitt	Brooklyn
place of birth	Gigi Padovani was born in Alba in 1953, and has worked as a reporter for La Stampa for many years, writing articles on domestic politics and society as well as collaborating with other newspapers and magazines.	Gigi Padovani	Alba
place of birth	Olga Scheps was born on January 1, 1986, in Moscow, Russia, and came to Germany at the age of six.	Olga Scheps	Moscow
place of birth	Jean-Marc Schaer (born January 1, 1953 in Dunières) is a French retired professional football striker.	Jean-Marc Schaer	Dunières
place of birth	Daniel Rey (born Daniel Rabinowitz) is an American musician, music producer and songwriter from New York City best known for his work with the Ramones.	Daniel Rey	New York City
place of birth	Wu Ying (Chinese: 吴英; pinyin: Wú Yīng, born 20 May 1981) is an entrepreneur from the city of Dongyang in Zhejiang Province, and formerly the sixth-richest woman in China.	Wu Ying	Dongyang
place of birth	Alan Warner (born 1964), a Scottish novelist, grew up in Connel, near Oban.	Alan Warner	Oban
place of birth	John Otway (born 2 October 1952 in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England) is an English singer-songwriter who has built a sizeable cult audience through extensive touring.	John Otway	Aylesbury
place of birth	However, his presence became known to Christians in the area, and Januarius maintained contact with Sossius, who was a deacon of Miseno, as well as the deacon Festus and the lector Desiderius.	Sossius	Miseno
place of birth	Adriano da Silva (born 2 May 1980 in Maringá) is a Brazilian footballer, who last played for Assisense.	Adriano da Silva	Maringá
place of birth	John Farrell Easmon (or ``Johnnie'') was born in the Settler Town area of Freetown, Sierra Leone on 30 June 1856 to Walter Richard Easmon (1824--1883) and his second wife Mary Ann MacCormac (1830--1865).	John Farrell Easmon	Freetown
place of birth	Deuce 7 (a.k.a. Deuce Seven, Twenty Seven, 27) is the pseudonym of an American artist based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Deuce 7	Minneapolis
place of birth	Ronny Hebestreit (born 9 January 1975 in Gotha) is a German football coach and formerfootballer.	Ronny Hebestreit	Gotha
place of birth	She was born Sara Trevor Teasdale in St. Louis, Missouri, and used the name Sara Teasdale Filsinger after her marriage in 1914.	Sara Teasdale	St. Louis
place of birth	Mišel Matičević (born 1970 in Berlin) is a German actor of Croatian descent.	Mišel Matičević	Berlin
place of birth	Rudolf Wels (28 April 1882, in Osek near Rokycany, western Bohemia - 8 March 1944, in KZ Auschwitz) was a Czech architect active in western Bohemia and in Prague.	Rudolf Wels	Rokycany
place of birth	Raymond Poulidor was the son of Martial and Maria Poulidor, small farmers outside the hamlet of Masbaraud-Mérignat, where the Creuse region east of Limoges meets the département of Haute-Vienne.	Raymond Poulidor	Masbaraud-Mérignat
place of birth	Bisoye Tejuoso was a prominent Nigerian businesswoman from Abeokuta.	Bisoye Tejuoso	Abeokuta
place of birth	Evgeny Sokolov (born 11 June 1984 in Moscow) is a Russian road bicycle racer who last rode for UCI ProTour team Bbox Bouygues Telecom.	Evgeny Sokolov	Moscow
place of birth	George Reardon (May 23, 1930 − September 6, 1998) was an American physician from Hartford, Connecticut, charged with abusing hundreds or possibly thousands of children.	George Reardon	Hartford
place of birth	Dezső Ernster was born in Pécs, the son of a cantor, and studied in Budapest and Vienna.	Dezső Ernster	Pécs
place of birth	Leslie L. Vadász (born 1936 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian-American engineer and manager, one of the founding members of Intel Corporation.	Leslie L. Vadász	Budapest
place of birth	Hugo Paul Friedrich Schulz (August 6, 1853 -- July 13, 1932) was a German pharmacologist from Wesel, Rhenish Prussia.	Hugo Paul Friedrich Schulz	Wesel
place of birth	Biurakn Hakhverdian (Armenian: Բյուրակն Հախվերդյան; born 4 October 1985 in Leiden) is a Dutch water polo player who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.	Biurakn Hakhverdian	Leiden
place of birth	Konekham Inthammavong born 10 July 1992 in Vientiane, is a Laotian football player, he is playing for Lao Bank FC in Lao League.	Konekham Inthammavong	Vientiane
place of birth	Edward Rose was born in Swaffham, Norfolk, on 7 August 1849, son of Dr Caleb Rose, F.R.C.S., M.R.C.P. and his first wife, Isabella Morse.	Edward Rose	Swaffham
place of birth	Terence Aubrey Murray was born in Limerick, Ireland, into a patriotic and politically aware Roman Catholic family.	Terence Aubrey Murray	Limerick
place of birth	Wolfgang Engels (born 1943 in Düsseldorf) is a former East German soldier.	Wolfgang Engels	Düsseldorf
place of birth	Saint John of Capistrano (Italian: San Giovanni da Capestrano, Hungarian: Kapisztrán János, Polish: Jan Kapistran, Serbian: Јован Капистран, Jovan Kapistran) (24 June 1386 -- 23 October 1456) was a Franciscan friar and Catholic priest from the Italian town of Capestrano, Abruzzo.	John of Capistrano	Capestrano
place of birth	Houssam Wadi (Arabic: حسام وادي‎; born August 8, 1986 in Gaza, Palestine) is a Palestinian professional football (soccer) player currently playing for Gazan club Ittihad Shajeiyah after voiding his contract with Al-Am'ary of the West Bank Premier League.	Houssam Wadi	Gaza
place of birth	Born in Vienna to Jewish parents, Jules Thorn was conscripted into the Austrian Army during World War I. After the War he studied at the Handelshochschule (Business School) in Vienna.	Jules Thorn	Vienna
place of birth	Miho Bošković (born 11 January 1983 in Dubrovnik) is a Croatian water polo player.	Miho Bošković	Dubrovnik
place of birth	Born Narinderjeet Ghumman, in Delhi, Navnindra Behl started stage acting when she was just three years old.	Navnindra Behl	Delhi
place of birth	Nikolaos Himonas (Greek: Νικόλαος Χειμώνας. Russian: Николай Петрович Химона; 25 September 1864, Yevpatoria - 1 August 1929, Skyros) was a painter and art teacher of Greek ancestry who was born in Russia and spent most of his life there.	Nikolaos Himonas	Yevpatoria
place of birth	Harry Leon Wilson was born in Oregon, Illinois, the son of Samuel and Adeline (née Kidder).	Harry Leon Wilson	Oregon, Illinois
place of birth	Gabriela Amaral dos Santos (born August 1, 1978 in Belém, Pará), known by her stage name Gaby Amarantos, is a Brazilian singer and dancer of tecno brega.	Gaby Amarantos	Belém
place of birth	Leland Ossian Howard, Ph.D., M.D. (June 11, 1857 in Rockford, Illinois -- May 1, 1950), was an American entomologist.	Leland Ossian Howard	Rockford
place of birth	Ramson Zhuwawo (born 3 November 1983 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean soccer player who plays for AmaZulu in the South African Premier Soccer League.	Ramson Zhuwawo	Harare
place of birth	Sergei Eduardovich Prikhodko (Russian: Сергей Эдуардович Приходько) (born January 12, 1957 in Moscow) is a Russian statesman and diplomat.	Sergei Eduardovich Prikhodko	Moscow
place of birth	Douglas Corrigan (January 22, 1907 -- December 9, 1995) was an American aviator born in Galveston, Texas.	Douglas Corrigan	Galveston
place of birth	Ennio Capasa (born in Lecce in 1960) is an Italian fashion designer.	Ennio Capasa	Lecce
place of birth	Richard Shawn McKenzie (born February 20, 1971 in Paducah, Kentucky) is an Open Source Software programmer living in Katy, Texas in the Houston, Texas metropolitan area.	Shawn McKenzie	Paducah
place of birth	Giovanni Pellegrino (born on January 5, 1939 in Lecce) is an Italian politician.	Giovanni Pellegrino	Lecce
place of birth	Charles Wilbert White was born on April 2, 1917 to Ethel Gary, a domestic servant, and Charles White Sr, a railroad and construction worker, on the South Side of Chicago.	Charles Wilbert White	Chicago
place of birth	In the spring of 423 a truce was concluded between Athens and Sparta, but its operation was at once imperiled by the city of Scione, which it transpired had come over to Brasidas two days after the truce began, which led to the Athenian requiring it to be returned to them.	Brasidas	Sparta
place of birth	Tom Byer (21 November 1960) is a former professional soccer player originally from New York but who is now based in Tokyo, Japan as one of the most decorated and admired grassroots soccer coaches in the Asian region.	Tom Byer	New York
place of birth	Wojciech Kurtyka (also Voytek Kurtyka, born 20 September 1947, in Skrzynka near Kłodzko) is a Polish mountaineer and rock climber, one of the pioneers of the alpine style of climbing the biggest walls in the Greater Ranges.	Wojciech Kurtyka	Kłodzko
place of birth	An Italian Canadian, Joseph Valtellini was born in Scarborough, Ontario to parents who emigrated from Pachino, Sicily.	Joseph Valtellini	Scarborough
place of birth	Tristão de Alencar Araripe Júnior was born in Fortaleza, Ceará, the son of Tristão de Alencar Araripe and Argentina de Alencar Lima, into one of the country's most prominent families.	Araripe Júnior	Fortaleza
place of birth	Joël Venceslas Kouassi (born October 25, 1981 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian-born Burkinabé footballer, who is currently a free agent.	Venceslas Kouassi	Abidjan
place of birth	Antti Jokinen (born 26 April 1968 in Nurmijärvi) is a Finnish music video and film director, as well as a former college basketball player.	Antti Jokinen	Nurmijärvi
place of birth	Whitehurst was born in Congleton, Cheshire, to a clockmaker, the elder John Whitehurst.	John Whitehurst	Congleton
place of birth	Jean Laborde (16 October 1805 in Auch - 27 December 1878 in Madagascar) was an adventurer and early industrialist in Madagascar.	Jean Laborde	Auch
place of birth	Emrys Roberts was born at Caernarfon and educated at Caernarfon Grammar School, at University College of Wales, Aberystwyth, where he gained a law degree, Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge and the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva.	Emrys Roberts	Caernarfon
place of birth	Julia Mallam (born Julia Oglesby, 1982 in Doncaster, South Yorkshire) is a British actress, best known for playing Dawn Woods in Emmerdale.	Julia Mallam	Doncaster
place of birth	Anton Mauve was born on 18 September 1838 in Zaandam, a town in the Dutch province of North Holland.	Anton Mauve	Zaandam
place of birth	Andrzej Jerzy Lech - Born January 22, 1955 in Wrocław, Poland, is a Polish artist and photographer.	Andrzej Jerzy Lech	Wrocław
place of birth	Patricia Guerra Cabrera (born July 21, 1965 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Las Palmas) is a Spanish sailor who won gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Patricia Guerra	Las Palmas de Gran Canaria
place of birth	Barbara Fialho (born December 21, 1987) is a Brazilian fashion model born in the city of Montes Claros, Minas Gerais.	Barbara Fialho	Minas Gerais
place of birth	Charles Lewinsky (14 April 1946) is a Swiss screenwriter and playwright (among others Fascht e Familie), as well as a writer of novels and non-fiction, born and living in Zürich.	Charles Lewinsky	Zürich
place of birth	Zoran Šaraba (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Шapaбa, born September 26, 1971 in Trebinje) is a Bosnian Serb retired football player and current assistant manager of FK Vojvodina in Serbian Superliga.	Zoran Šaraba	Trebinje
place of birth	Alois Neurath (29 August 1886 Vienna-25 April 1955 Stockholm) was a Sudeten German dissident communist activist who later joined the Swedish Social Democratic Party.	Alois Neurath	Vienna
place of birth	Nicolas Sanabria (1889--1945) of New York City, was a philatelist concerned primarily with the field of aerophilately.	Nicolas Sanabria	New York City
place of birth	Rachid Taoussi (Arabic: رشيد الطاوسي‎ -- born 1959, Sidi Kacem) is a Moroccan football manager who currently manages Raja Casablanca.	Rachid Taoussi	Sidi Kacem
place of birth	Theodahad (born c. 480 in Tauresium -- died 536) was the King of the Ostrogoths from 534 to 536 and a nephew of Theodoric the Great through his sister Amalafrida.	Theodahad	Tauresium
place of birth	Kati Wolf (born 24 September 1974, Szentendre) is a Hungarian singer and former airline purser.	Kati Wolf	Szentendre
place of birth	Kurchi Dasgupta (born 1974 in Kolkata, West Bengal) is an Indian painter, writer and translator.	Kurchi Dasgupta	Kolkata
place of birth	Born in Vila Nova de Famalicão, Braga District, Ukra began playing football for hometown's F.C. Famalicão, moving at age 13 to FC Porto to complete his formation.	Ukra	Vila Nova de Famalicão
place of birth	Ive Jerolimov (born 30 March 1958 in Preko near Zadar) is a former Croatian footballer.	Ive Jerolimov	Preko
place of birth	Albert Kingsbury was born in Morris, Illinois and graduated from Cuyahoga Falls High School, OH in 1880.	Albert Kingsbury	Morris
place of birth	Onatas was an ancient Greek sculptor of the time of the Persian Wars and an exponent of the flourishing school of Aegina.	Onatas	Aegina
place of birth	Ambrogio Frangiolli (Milan, 1798--1870) Italian decorator, architect and painter.	Ambrogio Frangiolli	Milan
place of birth	Theodore O'Hara was born to notable educator Kane O'Hara and his wife in Danville, Kentucky on February 11, 1820.	Theodore O'Hara	Danville
place of birth	Chan Sze-man (born 3 July 1930 in Shanghai, Republic of China), better known by his stage name Ku Feng, is a Hong Kong actor.	Ku Feng	Shanghai
place of birth	Dominique Vallee (born April 9, 1981 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian snowboarder, specializing in the halfpipe and snowboard cross events.	Dominique Vallee	Montreal
place of birth	Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, Lauren Barrett was mentored by her musical father, and began playing piano as a toddler, singing live at venues across New Orleans by the age of twelve.	Lauren Barrett	New Orleans
place of birth	Friedrich Jolly (November 24, 1844 -- January 4, 1904) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist who was a native of Heidelberg, and the son of physicist Philipp von Jolly (1809--1884).	Friedrich Jolly	Heidelberg
place of birth	Ella Guevara (born Janella Denise Yuson Guevara; August 19, 1998, Quezon City) is a Filipina child actress.	Ella Guevara	Quezon City
place of birth	Barre Phillips (born October 27, 1934 in San Francisco, California) is a jazz and free improvisation bassist.	Barre Phillips	San Francisco
place of birth	Mickey Munoz, nicknamed ``The Mongoose'', was born in New York City in 1937 and is one of the early pioneers of surfing but is perhaps more famous for his work as a surfboard shaper.	Mickey Munoz	New York City
place of birth	Katherine Bashford was born August 19, 1885, in Prescott, Arizona, one of four children of Coles and Henrietta (Parker) Bashford.	Katherine Bashford	Prescott
place of birth	Arthur Byron Cover (born January 14, 1950, in Grundy, Virginia) is a science fiction author.	Arthur Byron Cover	Grundy
place of birth	Leonardo Scarselli (born April 29, 1975 in Florence) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental cycling team Southeast Pro Cycling.	Leonardo Scarselli	Florence
place of birth	Tao Jiali (born 1987 in Chengdu, Sichuan, China) is a fighter pilot in the Peoples Liberation Army Air Force.	Tao Jiali	Chengdu
place of birth	Ursula Bagdasarjanz (born 1934 in Winterthur) is a Swiss violinist	Ursula Bagdasarjanz	Winterthur
place of birth	Elena Korikova Born in Tobolsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, Schoolgirl Elena attended classes Historic theater-studio ``Epic'' in Rostov-on-Don, created by director Mikhail Viktorovich Izyumsky and Elena Prozorovskaya (Izyum).	Elena Korikova	Tobolsk
place of birth	August Zehender was born at Aalen near Württemberg in a family of a railway official.	August Zehender	Aalen
place of birth	John R. Velazquez (born November 24, 1971, in Carolina, Puerto Rico) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.	John R. Velazquez	Carolina, Puerto Rico
place of birth	Tanaz Eshaghian (Persian: طناز اسحاقیان‎; born 8 September 1974 in Iran) is an Iranian-American documentary filmmaker.	Tanaz Eshaghian	Iran
place of birth	Sara Rue was born Sara Schlackman in New York City, the daughter of Joan Schlackman (née Rue), a municipal employee and former actress, and Marc Schlackman, a stage manager.	Sara Rue	New York City
place of birth	Norma Curtis (b. Wales, UK) is a British novelist and short story writer.	Norma Curtis	Wales
place of birth	James Vasanthan was born in Tiruchirapalli (Trichy), studied first at YWCA Primary School (Presently BHEL Matric) and later at Bishop Heber Hr Sec School (Teppakulam) and later graduated in English literature in Bishop Heber College, and then did his PG in English in Jamal Mohammad College.	James Vasanthan	Trichy
place of birth	Sanela Diana Jenkins (born in 1973 as Sanela Ćatić in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Sanela Diana Jenkins	Sarajevo
place of birth	Nina Myers was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1968, although in Day 3, a fake ID shows her birthday as May 5, 1975; however, this is alleged.	Nina Myers	Boston
place of birth	Born in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, Jiang Yukun began martial arts training at the age of 7 with his uncle.	Jiang Yukun	Hangzhou
place of birth	Władysław Komar (11 April 1940 -- 17 August 1998) was a Polish shot put champion, who was born in Kaunas.	Władysław Komar	Kaunas
place of birth	Born in Dole, Simon Bernard was educated at the École polytechnique, graduating as second in the promotion of 1799 and entered the army in the corps of engineers.	Simon Bernard	Dole
place of birth	Wu Yake (Chinese: 吴亚轲; born 3 February 1991 in Hubei) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai.	Wu Yake	Hubei
place of birth	Rhoda Gemignani (born October 21, 1940, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American actress, best known for her recurring role as Mrs. Rossini in the American television sitcom Who's the Boss?.	Rhoda Gemignani	Philadelphia
place of birth	Livio Odescalchi was born in Rome in 1655, the son of Carlo Odescalchi (1607-1673) and Beatrice Cusani.	Livio Odescalchi	Rome
place of birth	Danny Corkill (born March 8, 1974, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American former child actor who saw early success in such films as Without a Trace and D.A.R.Y.L. He appeared in a number of commercials and had a small part in the TV Series Ryan's Hope.	Danny Corkill	Chicago
place of birth	Paul Angerer (born 16 May 1927 in Vienna) is an Austrian violist, conductor and composer.	Paul Angerer	Vienna
place of birth	Paola Tagliabue (born November 7, 1976 in Como, Lombardy) is an Italian world champion free-diver.	Paola Tagliabue	Como
place of birth	Federico di Sanseverino was born in Naples in 1475 or 1477, the son of Roberto Sanseverino d'Aragona, general of the papal army, and his second wife Elisabetta da Montefeltro.	Federico di Sanseverino	Naples
place of birth	Albert Wojciech Adamkiewicz (August 11, 1850 -- October 31, 1921) was a Polish-Jewish pathologist born in Żerków.	Albert Wojciech Adamkiewicz	Żerków
place of birth	Alicia Framis (born 1967 in Barcelona) is a contemporary artist living and working in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Alicia Framis	Barcelona
place of birth	A member of the House of della Rovere, Cristoforo della Rovere was born in Turin on June 13, 1434, the son of Giovanni della Rovere and Anna del Pozo.	Cristoforo della Rovere	Turin
place of birth	Wesley Willis (May 31, 1963 -- August 21, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter and visual artist from Chicago.	Wesley Willis	Chicago
place of birth	Robert Lee Yates, Jr. (born May 27, 1952) is an American serial killer from Spokane, Washington.	Robert Lee Yates	Spokane
place of birth	John McGivern (born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American actor and writer, best known for playing Bruce McIntosh in the Disney film The Princess Diaries.	John McGivern	Milwaukee
place of birth	Alexander Lauterwasser (born 1951 in Überlingen) is a German researcher and photographer who based his work on work done by Ernst Chladni and Hans Jenny in the field of Cymatics.	Alexander Lauterwasser	Überlingen
place of birth	Alison Goodman is an Australian writer of books for young adults, born in 1966 in Melbourne.	Alison Goodman	Melbourne
place of birth	Shaibu Yakubu (born November 11, 1986 in Obuasi) is a Ghanaian football player who currently plays for the Turkish side 1461 Trabzon.	Shaibu Yakubu	Obuasi
place of birth	Christian Jimenez (born November 3, 1986 in San Dimas, California) is an American soccer player of Mexican descent.	Christian Jimenez	San Dimas
place of birth	Steele was born in Dublin, Ireland in March 1672 to Richard Steele, an attorney, and Elinor Symes (née Sheyles); his sister Katherine was born the previous year.	Richard Steele	Dublin
place of birth	Often stated to be born in County Monaghan, Ireland, Sharp Delany was likely born in Queen's County, Ireland (present day County Laois).	Sharp Delany	Ireland
place of birth	Alfredo Bryce Echenique (born February 19, 1939) is a Peruvian writer born in Lima.	Alfredo Bryce	Lima
place of birth	Georg Wilhelm Steinkopf was born on 28 June 1879 in Staßfurt, in the Prussian Province of Saxony in the German Empire, the son of Gustav Friedrich Steinkopf, a merchant, and his wife Elise Steinkopf (née Heine).	Wilhelm Steinkopf	Staßfurt
place of birth	Born Lemuel Hooper Atchley in Ebenezer, Marion County, Tennessee, he appeared in 214 films between 1929 and 1944 and is known for his appearance as the inconsiderate father in the Our Gang film Birthday Blues (1932).	Hooper Atchley	Tennessee
place of birth	Julia Maesa (ca. 7 May 165 --ca. 3 August 226) was a Roman citizen and daughter of Gaius Julius Bassianus, priest of the sun god Heliogabalus, the patron god of Emesa (modern Homs) in the Roman province of Syria.	Julia Maesa	Homs
place of birth	Paul Hartal (born 1936) is a Canadian painter and poet, born in Szeged, Hungary.	Paul Hartal	Szeged
place of birth	Robert Cooley Angell attended high school at Detroit Central High and graduated in 1917.	Robert Cooley Angell	Detroit
place of birth	Gilbert Bukenya was born on 5 August 1949, in the village of Lwantama in Kakiri sub-county, in Busiro County, in present-day Wakiso District, about 30 kilometres (19 mi), by road, northwest of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.	Gilbert Bukenya	Wakiso District
place of birth	Radu Zaharia (born 25 January 1989, Mediaș) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Gaz Metan Mediaș as a full back.	Radu Zaharia	Mediaș
place of birth	Born Noreen Jean Craigie to a Russian mother and a Scottish father in Fulham, London, Jill Craigie started her career in film as an actress.	Jill Craigie	Fulham
place of birth	Shimon Attie (born Los Angeles in 1957 ) is an American visual artist.	Shimon Attie	Los Angeles
place of birth	Al Bell (born Alvertis Isbell, March 15, 1940, in Brinkley, Arkansas, United States) is an American record producer, songwriter, and record executive.	Al Bell	Brinkley
place of birth	Dany Bahar was born in Istanbul, Turkey, in 1971, and grew up in the Swiss ski village of Silvaplana, near the Italian border.	Dany Bahar	Istanbul
place of birth	Richard Schneider (16 December 1919, Kaiserslautern -- 28 April 1982) was a German football manager.	Richard Schneider	Kaiserslautern
place of birth	Christian Tamminga (born 30 April 1974 in Leiden) is a retired Dutch athlete who specialised in the pole vault.	Christian Tamminga	Leiden
place of birth	The second of six children, Angelo Sodano was born in Isola d'Asti, Piedmont, to Giovanni and Delfina Sodano.	Angelo Sodano	Isola d'Asti
place of birth	Stratos Svarnas (Greek: Στράτος Σβάρνας) (born 11 November 1997 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays for AEK Athens in the Football League and the Greece U-17 team, as a Defender.	Stratos Svarnas	Athens
place of birth	Sarah Torgov is a Canadian actress who was born in Toronto.	Sarah Torgov	Toronto
place of birth	Lee Isaac Chung was born October 19, 1978 in Denver, Colorado and grew up on a small farm in rural Arkansas.	Lee Isaac Chung	Denver
place of birth	Donald Foster Hudson (Halifax, 1916-2003) was a British missionary in India and the author of Teach Yourself New Testament Greek.	Donald Foster Hudson	Halifax
place of birth	Christina Kokubo (July 27, 1950, Detroit, Michigan -- June 9, 2007) was an American film and television actress; she was also a drama teacher.	Christina Kokubo	Detroit
place of birth	Herbert Hirche (* 20 May 1910 in Görlitz, † 28 January 2002 in Heidelberg) was a German architect and furniture- and product designer.	Herbert Hirche	Görlitz
place of birth	Sean Rickman was born in Georgetown, Washington, D.C., into a musical family.	Sean Rickman	Georgetown
place of birth	Franco Donatelli (Alessandria, March 13, 1924 -- Milano, November 11, 1995), was an Italian comic book artist and illustrator.	Franco Donatelli	Alessandria
place of birth	Tingye Li was born on July 7, 1931 in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the eldest son of a diplomat.	Tingye Li	Nanjing
place of birth	Joan MacLeod (born 1954 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian playwright.	Joan MacLeod	Vancouver
place of birth	Włodzimierz Korcz (born November 13, 1943 in Łódź) is a Polish composer, pianist, music producer and author of many popular songs.	Włodzimierz Korcz	Łódź
place of birth	Wolfgang Katschner (born in 1961 in Kyritz) is a German lutenist and conductor.	Wolfgang Katschner	Kyritz
place of birth	Mavis Villiers (born Mavis Clare Cooney; 18 January 1911, Sydney -- March 1976, Paddington, London), was an Australian-born British actress of stage, film and television.	Mavis Villiers	Sydney
place of birth	Ni Bo started his football career by joining Wuhan Guanggu's youth academy and he was part of the squad that won national reserve league title in 2008.	Ni Bo	Wuhan
place of birth	Pam Ling (born April 21, 1968 in Los Angeles, California) is a Chinese American physician, best known as a castmate on The Real World:	Pam Ling	Los Angeles
place of birth	Alice Robitaille (February 3, 1923 -- May 28, 2011), from Quebec City, ``petite Alys'' (little Alys), was a French Canadian singer mainly remembered for her later French interpretations of Latin American songs, who performed under the stage name Alys Robi.	Alys Robi	Quebec City
place of birth	Giorgio Nurigiani (1892--1981) was an Italian writer, publicist, linguist and historian from Rome.	Giorgio Nurigiani	Rome
place of birth	Marco Aurélio Ribeiro Barbieri simply Marco Aurélio (born 27 March 1983 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer left back who plays for Aris Limassol.	Marco Aurélio Ribeiro Barbieri	São Paulo
place of birth	The Caridad Elementary School in Cavite City was renamed Ladislao Diwa Elementary School in his honor in November 1964.	Ladislao Diwa	Cavite City
place of birth	Pánfilo de Narváez was born in Castile (in either Cuéllar or Valladolid) in 1478.	Pánfilo de Narváez	Valladolid
place of birth	Jean Metcalfe (2 March 1923, Reigate, Surrey -- 28 January 2000, Petersfield, Hampshire) was an English radio broadcaster.	Jean Metcalfe	Reigate
place of birth	Guillaume Lemay-Thivierge (born February 28, 1976 in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec) is a Quebec actor and film producer best known for major roles in Quebec films Nitro and Les 3 p'tit cochons in 2007.	Guillaume Lemay-Thivierge	Saint-Jérôme
place of birth	Fritz Haber was born in Breslau, Prussia (now Wrocław, Poland), into a well-off Jewish family.	Fritz Haber	Wrocław
place of birth	Abhay Deol has been the cover of Man's World and Time Out Mumbai, with titles such as The New Face of Indian Cinema.	Abhay Deol	Mumbai
place of birth	A member of the Della Torre family, Michele Della Torre was born in Udine in 1511, the son of nobleman Luigi della Torre and is wife Taddea Strasoldo.	Michele Della Torre	Udine
place of birth	Heinrich Sterr was born on 24 September 1919 in Ortenburg, Lower Bavaria as part of the Free State of Bavaria.	Heinrich Sterr	Ortenburg
place of birth	Pierre-François Forissier (born 29 December 1951, Lorient) is a French admiral.	Pierre-François Forissier	Lorient
place of birth	Melissa Venema (born April 12, 1995 in Alkmaar) is a Dutch trumpeter.	Melissa Venema	Alkmaar
place of birth	Jodi Ann Paterson was born in Balikpapan, Indonesia to American father and Indonesian mother.	Jodi Ann Paterson	Balikpapan
place of birth	Gorazd Kocijančič (born in 1964 in Ljubljana) is a freelance Slovene philosopher, poet and translator.	Gorazd Kocijančič	Ljubljana
place of birth	Jay Woelfel (born July 24, 1962 in Columbus, Ohio, United States) is a screenwriter/director of independent films, and with producer Johnnie J. Young, a partner in Young Wolf Productions.	Jay Woelfel	Columbus
place of birth	Arso Jovanović was born in Zavala village near Podgorica, Principality of Montenegro on March 24, 1907 into a family with a strong military tradition, belonging to the Piperi clan.	Arso Jovanović	Podgorica
place of birth	Aliona Bolsova Zadoinov (Russian: Алёна Вадимовна Большова; born 6 November 1997 in Chișinău) is a Spanish-Moldovan tennis player.	Aliona Bolsova Zadoinov	Chișinău
place of birth	Riccardo Tesi (Pistoia, 1956) is an Italian musician.	Riccardo Tesi	Pistoia
place of birth	Eerik-Niiles Kross (born 8 September 1967, in Tallinn) is an Estonian diplomat, intelligence chief, entrepreneur and politician.	Eerik-Niiles Kross	Tallinn
place of birth	Brian Tatler is an English musician, best known as the guitarist and co-founder of the Stourbridge based heavy metal band, Diamond Head.	Brian Tatler	Stourbridge
place of birth	Jaroslav Uhlíř (born 14 September 1945 in Prague) is a Czech composer and pianist.	Jaroslav Uhlíř	Prague
place of birth	Christopher Condent (1690s -- died 1770), born in Plymouth in Devon, was an English pirate who led the return to the Eastern Seas.	Christopher Condent	Plymouth
place of birth	She was born Jean Shiley in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and later moved to Havertown, a Philadelphia suburb, where she joined the team at Haverford High School.	Jean Shiley	Harrisburg
place of birth	Gary Grimes (born June 2, 1955, in San Francisco) is a former American actor.	Gary Grimes	San Francisco
place of birth	Born in Wilmington, North Carolina, Tamera Young is the daughter of Greg Young and Lynda Nichols-Brown and John Brown.	Tamera Young	Wilmington
place of birth	Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Dion Waiters Sr. and Monique Brown, Waiters was raised by his mother, who had him when she was 17.	Dion Waiters	Philadelphia
place of birth	Beth Nielsen Chapman (born September 14, 1958, in Harlingen, Texas, United States) is an American singer-songwriter, mostly known for her numerous hits recorded by country and pop music performers.	Beth Nielsen Chapman	Harlingen
place of birth	Fabio Calzavara is an entrepreneur and Venetian politician, born in Istrana on 21 September 1950.	Fabio Calzavara	Istrana
place of birth	Having been elevated to a CBE in June 2007, Jane Tomlinson died in St Gemma's Hospice, Leeds, West Yorkshire less than three months later on 3 September.	Jane Tomlinson	West Yorkshire
place of birth	James 'Kimo' Wills (October 2, 1975 in Houston, Texas, USA) is an American actor.	James 'Kimo' Wills	Houston
place of birth	Yaʿqūb ibn Ṭāriq (يعقوب بن طارق; died c. 796 AD) was an 8th-century Persian astronomer and mathematician who lived in Baghdad.	Yaʿqūb ibn Ṭāriq	Baghdad
place of birth	Peter Glossop was born in the Wadsley suburb of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, the son of Cyril Glossop, a manager at a cutlery factory.	Peter Glossop	Wadsley
place of birth	Tạ Phong Tần (born 1968 in Vĩnh Lợi District, Bạc Liêu Province) is a Vietnamese dissident blogger.	Tạ Phong Tần	Vĩnh Lợi
place of birth	Davor Piškor (born 23 April 1982 in Zagreb) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a striker, currently playing for SK Unterschützen.	Davor Piškor	Zagreb
place of birth	Leandro Grech (born 24 October 1980 in Rosario) is an Argentine football player currently captaining German 2.	Leandro Grech	Rosario
place of birth	Filippo Guastavillani was born in Bologna September 28, 1541, the son of Bolognese patricians Angelo Michele Guastavillani and Giacoma Boncompagni.	Filippo Guastavillani	Bologna
place of birth	Rachid Belhout (Arabic: رشيد بلحوت‎; born June 14, 1944 in Sétif) is an Algerian football manager and former player.	Rachid Belhout	Sétif
place of birth	Bader Makki (born 27 October 1970) in Beirut is a retired professional Lebanese basketball player.	Bader Makki	Beirut
place of birth	Osborne Reynolds was born in Belfast and moved with his parents soon afterward to Dedham, Essex.	Osborne Reynolds	Belfast
place of birth	Karl-Heinz Spikofski (born February 24, 1927 in Essen) is a former German footballer and coach.	Karl-Heinz Spikofski	Essen
place of birth	Tore Vagn Lid (born 25 April 1973, in Bergen) is a Norwegian theatre director, playwright, musician, and artistic director of Transiteatret-Bergen.	Tore Vagn Lid	Bergen
place of birth	Mads Vinding (born 7 December 1948 in Copenhagen) is a Danish jazz double-bassist.	Mads Vinding	Copenhagen
place of birth	Alex Hassilev (born in Paris, July 11, 1932) is one of the founding members of the group The Limeliters and produced the rock album The Zodiac :	Alex Hassilev	Paris
place of birth	Gheorghe Moroșanu (born April 30, 1950, in Darabani, Botoșani County) is a Romanian mathematician known for his works in ordinary differential equations, partial differential equations and other branches of mathematics.	Gheorghe Moroșanu	Darabani
place of birth	Serhiy Bezhenar (born 9 August 1970 in Nikopol, Ukrainian SSR) was a Ukrainian professional football player.	Serhiy Bezhenar	Nikopol
place of birth	Suzanne Voilquin (née Monnier) was born in Paris in 1801 to a working-class family.	Suzanne Voilquin	Paris
place of birth	Lianne Charlotte Barnes (born 23 August 1989), known professionally as Lianne La Havas, is a London-born British folk and soul singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Lianne La Havas	London
place of birth	Steffen Kammler is a Norwegian conductor born 6 May 1965 in Calbe in the German district Saxony-Anhalt.	Steffen Kammler	Calbe
place of birth	Gérard Thurnauer was born in Paris to a Jewish father and a pastor's daughter.	Gérard Thurnauer	Paris
place of birth	Yevgeniy Levkin, born October 14, 1992 is a Kazakhstani ski jumper competing for Almaty Ski Club.	Yevgeniy Levkin	Almaty
place of birth	Luise Danz (born December 11, 1917) was a Nazi German concentration camp guard in World War II. She was born in Walldorf (Werra) in Thuringia.	Luise Danz	Walldorf
place of birth	Aaron Sagers was raised in Orlando, Florida, as the youngest Catholic son of five siblings, three older brothers and one older sister.	Aaron Sagers	Orlando
place of birth	Oleksandr Hrytsay (Ukrainian: Олександр Анатолійович Грицай; born 30 September 1977 in Chernihiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a footballer who played as central defender for Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksandr Hrytsay	Chernihiv
place of birth	Roger Machado Marques (born April 25, 1975 in Porto Alegre), or simply Roger, is a Brazilian former left back and current coach.	Roger Machado Marques	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Larry Sellers (born October 2, 1949 in Pawhuska, Oklahoma) is an American actor/stuntman of Osage/Cherokee/Lakota heritage.	Larry Sellers	Pawhuska
place of birth	Irwin Gage (born September 4, 1939 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American pianist, specializing in accompanying Lieder.	Irwin Gage	Cleveland
place of birth	Maurizio Carnino (born 7 March 1975 in Turin) is an Italian short track speed skater and long track speed skater.	Maurizio Carnino	Turin
place of birth	Arnold Rampersad (born 13 November 1941) is a biographer and literary critic born in Trinidad and Tobago.	Arnold Rampersad	Trinidad and Tobago
place of birth	Myles Connolly was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts (a neighborhood-suburb of Boston).	Myles Connolly	Boston
place of birth	Born and raised in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Miguel Zenón received his first musical lessons from Ernesto Vigoreaux in the Residencial Luis Llorens Torres, a housing project in San Juan where he spent most of his childhood.	Miguel Zenón	San Juan
place of birth	Konstantin Derzhavin (18 February (O.S. 5 February) 1903, Batumi -- 2 November 1956, Leningrad) was a Russian literary and theater critic, translator, and writer.	Konstantin Derzhavin	Batumi
place of birth	Joaquim Abranches (born October 28, 1985 in Verna, Goa) is an Indian professional football player who plays as a winger for FC Goa in the Indian Super League.	Joaquim Abranches	Verna
place of birth	Antoine Petit, born in Orléans, was the son of a tailor.	Antoine Petit	Orléans
place of birth	Tess Gallagher (born July 21, 1943 in Port Angeles, Washington) is an American poet, essayist, and short story writer.	Tess Gallagher	Port Angeles
place of birth	Ronnie Quintarelli (born in Negrar, near Verona, 9 August 1979) is an Italian racecar driver.	Ronnie Quintarelli	Negrar
place of birth	Marcus Marin (born 13 December 1966 in Hamburg) is a German football coach and former player who currently works as player agent.	Marcus Marin	Hamburg
place of birth	Suzana Grubješić was born on 29 January 1963 in Sombor, Vojvodina province, Yugoslavia (now Serbia).	Suzana Grubješić	Sombor
place of birth	Born Robert Alton Hart in Bennington, Vermont, Alton studied dance with Ralph McKernan in Springfield, Massachusetts and spent his summers in New York studying with Bert French and Mikhail Mordkin, formerly of the Bolshoi Ballet and Sergey Diaghilev's Ballets Russes.	Robert Alton	Bennington
place of birth	Ralph Royce was born in Marquette, Michigan on 28 June 1890 and attended school at Hancock, Michigan.	Ralph Royce	Marquette
place of birth	Lachlan Macquarie was born on the island of Ulva off the coast of the Isle of Mull in the Inner Hebrides, a chain of islands off the West Coast of Scotland.	Lachlan Macquarie	Isle of Mull
place of birth	Hector Rason was born in Cleeve, Somerset in England on 18 June 1858.	Hector Rason	Cleeve, Somerset
place of birth	Craig Whitington (born September 3, 1970 in Brighton) is a former professional footballer, who played for Crawley Town,Bridgeport, Scarborough, Huddersfield Town and Rochdale.He has had two children Naomi and Charlie.	Craig Whitington	Brighton
place of birth	Mateusz Żytko (born November 27, 1982 in Wrocław) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Cracovia in the Polish Ekstraklasa.	Mateusz Żytko	Wrocław
place of birth	Karin Okolie (Bulgarian: Карин Околие, born May 1st, 1994 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian athlete who specialises in the 100 metres and 200 metres sprint events.	Karin Okolie	Sofia
place of birth	Jonathan Kovacs (1982, Los Angeles), known as J-five, is an American singer.	J-five	Los Angeles
place of birth	Tony Bircumshaw (born 8 February 1945 in Mansfield, England) is a former footballer who played in the full back position.	Tony Bircumshaw	Mansfield
place of birth	Elvin Beqiri (born 27 September 1980 in Shkodër) is a former Albanian footballer, who spend the mayority of his career playing Vllaznia Shkodër.	Elvin Beqiri	Shkodër
place of birth	Lene Løseth (born 26 November 1986 in Ålesund) is a Norwegian alpine skier who races for Spjelkavik IL.	Lene Løseth	Ålesund
place of birth	Wajihuddin Ahmed was born into an Urdu-speaking practising lawyer family in New Delhi, British India, on 1 December 1938.	Wajihuddin Ahmed	New Delhi
place of birth	Rachel Thevenard is a Canadian actress born in Waterloo, Ontario, attended Waterloo Collegiate Institute, and who first appeared in MTV's Skins in January 2011 as Michelle.	Rachel Thevenard	Waterloo
place of birth	Angelis Borges (born Angelis Cunha Borges on 11 May 1985 in Uberlândia, Minas Gerais), is known for winning the Brazilian version of reality TV Fazenda de Verão broadcast by Rede Record.	Angelis Borges	Uberlândia
place of birth	Luca Brecel (born 8 March 1995 in Dilsen-Stokkem) is a professional Belgian snooker player.	Luca Brecel	Dilsen-Stokkem
place of birth	Robert A. Siegel (1913--1993), of New York City, was an auctioneer of philatelic material, particularly rare postage stamps and covers.	Robert A. Siegel	New York City
place of birth	Hans Georg Feichtinger was born in Wiener Neustadt where he graduated from the Gymnasium and received the Matura ``summa cum laude'' in 1969.	Hans Georg Feichtinger	Wiener Neustadt
place of birth	Elaine Princi (born 14 December 1946 in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania ) is a contemporary American actress.	Elaine Princi	Chambersburg
place of birth	Kristy Borza (born May 29, 1986 in Beaver, Pennsylvania) is an assistant coach for the University of Pittsburgh's Division I women's tennis team.	Kristy Borza	Beaver
place of birth	Martha-Bryan Allen (also known as Martha Bryan-Allen), was born on April 30, 1903, to Bryan H. and Rebecca D. Allen of Louisville, Kentucky.	Martha-Bryan Allen	Louisville
place of birth	Sean Roycroft (born 29 August 1985 in Stirling) is a Scottish professional footballer, who is currently without a club.	Sean Roycroft	Stirling
place of birth	Davor Slamnig (born 13 March 1956 in Zagreb) is a Croatian writer and musician.	Davor Slamnig	Zagreb
place of birth	Eugeniusz Knapik (born July 9, 1951 in Ruda Śląska) is a Polish pianist and composer of classical music best known for his 1980 chamber piece String Quartet No. 1.	Eugeniusz Knapik	Ruda Śląska
place of birth	Roger Maris was born Roger Eugene Maras on September 10, 1934 in Hibbing, Minnesota, later Anglicizing his last name to ``Maris''.	Roger Maris	Hibbing
place of birth	Ian Christe (born 1970 in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland) is an author, disc jockey and the publisher of Bazillion Points Books.	Ian Christe	Biel/Bienne
place of birth	Emmanuel Benbihy (born 6 November 1969, Paris) is a feature-length film producer who created and launched the Cities of Love franchise starting with Paris, je t'aime and more recently New York, I Love You.	Emmanuel Benbihy	Paris
place of birth	Barbara Niedernhuber (nicknamed Babsi, born on 6 June 1974 in Berchtesgaden) is a German luger who competed from 1994 to 2006.	Barbara Niedernhuber	Berchtesgaden
place of birth	Amadou Konte (born 13 January 1981 in Bamako) is a Malian-French footballer who previously plays for Minyor Pernik in the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group.	Amadou Konte	Bamako
place of birth	Jiří Stránský (born 12 August 1931 in Prague) is a Czech author, playwright, translator, former political prisoner of the communist regime, and human rights advocate.	Jiří Stránský	Prague
place of birth	Péter Pál Pálfy (Debrecen, 23 August 1955) is a Hungarian mathematician, working in algebra, more precisely in group theory and universal algebra.	Péter Pál Pálfy	Debrecen
place of birth	Lars Lewen (born October 7, 1975 in Stockholm) is a Swedish freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross and a former alpine skier.	Lars Lewen	Stockholm
place of birth	Rudolf Seydel (May 27, 1835 -- December 8, 1892) was a German philosopher and theologian born in Dresden.	Rudolf Seydel	Dresden
place of birth	The daughter of Donald and Claire (Weill) Lehman, a wealthy Jewish family, Kathy Acker was born in New York City on April 18.	Kathy Acker	New York City
place of birth	Gilberto Serembe (Milan, 17 December 1955) is an Italian conductor and professor.	Gilberto Serembe	Milan
place of birth	Mel Henke (Chicago, August 4, 1915 - Los Angeles, March 31, 1979) was an American jazz pianist, Chicago band leader, composer, arranger and jingle writer.	Mel Henke	Chicago
place of birth	She was born Anne Raven Wilkinson in New York City on November 2, 1935 to Anne James Wilkinson and Dr. Frost Bernie Wilkinson, a dentist.	Raven Wilkinson	New York
place of birth	Viktor Khokhljuk (Ukrainian: Віктор Миколайович Хохлюк) (born 22 March 1971 in Rovenky, Luhansk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a former Ukrainian journalist.	Viktor Khokhljuk	Rovenky
place of birth	Phill Niblock (born 2 October 1933, in Anderson, Indiana) is a composer, filmmaker, videographer, and director of Experimental Intermedia, a foundation for avant-garde music based in New York with a parallel branch in Ghent, Belgium.	Phill Niblock	Anderson
place of birth	Bárbara Rebolledo Aguirre (born in Talca on 22 January 1973) is a Chilean television presenter.	Bárbara Rebolledo	Talca
place of birth	Pier Francesco Fiorentino (Florence, 1444/1445 -- after 1497), was a 15th-century painter, active in San Gimignano for much of his mature life, depicting religious-themed subjects.	Pier Francesco Fiorentino	Florence
place of birth	Sébastien Pérez (born 24 November 1973 in Saint-Chamond, Loire) is a French professional football player who started his career for AS Saint-Étienne as a central midfielder.	Sébastien Pérez	Saint-Chamond
place of birth	Oppian (Ancient Greek: Ὀππιανός, Oppianós; Latin: Oppianus), also known as Oppian of Anazarbus, of Corycus, or of Cilicia, was a 2nd-century Greco-Roman poet during the reign of the emperors Marcus Aurelius and Commodus.	Oppian	Anazarbus	Corycus
place of birth	Alex Napa (born 23 February 1976 in Rarotonga) in Cook Islands is a footballer and manager, who plays as a Defender.	Alex Napa	Rarotonga
place of birth	Bleibtreu was born during his family's refuge in Marseille from wartime bombing, Marcel Bleibtreu became a radical thinker as a child.	Marcel Bleibtreu	Marseille
place of birth	June Wilkinson (born 27 March 1940 in Eastbourne) is an English model and actress, known for her appearances in Playboy magazine and in films of the 1960s.	June Wilkinson	Eastbourne
place of birth	Spock's mixed human-Vulcan heritage serves as an important plot element in many of the character's appearances.	Spock	Vulcan
place of birth	Francesco Mazzaferro (born 1940 in Gioiosa Ionica), also known as Ciccio, is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta in Calabria.	Francesco Mazzaferro	Gioiosa Ionica
place of birth	Tom Curle (born 3 March 1986, Bristol) is a former English professional footballer.	Tom Curle	Bristol
place of birth	Born on 15 July 1897 in Evansville, Indiana, Charlie Wiggins was the son of a coal miner.	Charlie Wiggins	Evansville
place of birth	Perry Blake (born May 10, 1970) is an Irish singer and songwriter from Sligo, known for the delicate, downtempo, melancholic style of his songs and his soft singing voice.	Perry Blake	Sligo
place of birth	Vishnu Prabhakar was born on 21 June 1912, in the Miranpur village of Muzaffarnagar district in Uttar Pradesh.	Vishnu Prabhakar	Uttar Pradesh
place of birth	Nathaniel James Speas, known as Nate James, (born 15 September 1979, Lakenheath) is a British singer-songwriter.	Nate James	Lakenheath
place of birth	Adrián Annus (born 28 June 1973 in Szeged) is a Hungarian hammer thrower, who was stripped of his gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens for a doping violation in a highly publicized scandal.	Adrián Annus	Szeged
place of birth	Béla Fleck was born in New York City, and is named after Hungarian composer Béla Bartók, Austrian composer Anton Webern and Czech composer Leoš Janáček.	Béla Fleck	New York City
place of birth	Shimonovitch (later David Shimoni) was born in Babruysk in Belarus (then part of the Russian Empire) to Nissim Shimonovitch and Malka Fridland Although he lived in Ottoman Palestine for a year in 1909, he did not immigrate to British-administered Palestine until 1920.	David Shimoni	Babruysk
place of birth	Simon Law (born 28 May 1961, Luton, England) is a producer, keyboardist and songwriter for Soul II Soul.	Simon Law	Luton
place of birth	Juliano Mineiro Fernandes (born 14 February 1986 in Rio de Janeiro), simply known as Juliano Mineiro or formerly Juliano, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Kashiwa Reysol.	Juliano Mineiro	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Ditte Kotzian (born 9 March 1979, in Berlin) is a German diver.	Ditte Kotzian	Berlin
place of birth	Mamnoon Hussain hails from an Urdu-speaking family of shoe traders and was born in Agra, UP during the British rule.	Mamnoon Hussain	Agra
place of birth	Henry Ernest, Count of Stolberg (20 July 1593 in Schwarza -- 4 April 1672 in Ilsenburg) was a German nobleman.	Henry Ernest, Count of Stolberg	Schwarza
place of birth	Sieglinde Hofmann (born 14 March 1945 in Bad Königshofen, Lower Franconia) was a militant and member of both the Socialist Patients' Collective and the Red Army Faction.	Sieglinde Hofmann	Bad Königshofen
place of birth	Dagmar Neubauer, née Rübsam (born 3 June 1962 in Suhl) is a retired German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.	Dagmar Neubauer	Suhl
place of birth	Massimo Mazzucco (born 20 July 1954 in Turin) is an Italian filmmaker who is known for producing documentary films such as The New American Century and Cancer -The Forbidden Cures.	Massimo Mazzucco	Turin
place of birth	Eckhard Leue (born March 20, 1958 in Magdeburg) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Eckhard Leue	Magdeburg
place of birth	Kawahara Keiga (Japanese: 川原慶賀, also known as Taguchi Takumi or Toyosuke, Nagasaki, 1786--1860?) was a late Edo period Japanese painter of objects, social scenes, landscapes and portraits at the Dutch Factory of Dejima, and at Edo, Kyoto and Nagasaki.	Kawahara Keiga	Nagasaki
place of birth	Alan Gane (born 11 June 1950 in Chiswick, England) is an English former amateur footballer and manager.	Alan Gane	Chiswick
place of birth	Carl Gustaf Ekman was born in Munktorp (now Köping Municipality) in Västmanland County to farmer and soldier Carl Ekman and Josefina Säfström.	Carl Gustaf Ekman	Munktorp
place of birth	William Steel Creighton (April 3, 1902, Philadelphia -- July 23, 1973, Alexandria Bay) was an American myrmecologist and taxonomist.	William Steel Creighton	Philadelphia
place of birth	Pearce Quigley (born in Salford, Lancashire, England) is an English actor of the stage and screen.	Pearce Quigley	Salford
place of birth	Ernest Francillon (born 10 July 1834 in Lausanne), was the Swiss manager of Longines watches and an entrepreneur.	Ernest Francillon	Lausanne
place of birth	Shirley Winters (born February 27, 1958) is a convicted murderer and arsonist from upstate New York.	Shirley Winters	New York
place of birth	Niels Kerstholt (Utrecht, April 2, 1983) is a Dutch Short track speed skater.	Niels Kerstholt	Utrecht
place of birth	Davi José Silva do Nascimento, or simply Davi (born 10 March 1984 in Fortaleza), is a Brazilian striker.	Davi José Silva do Nascimento	Fortaleza
place of birth	Barry Greenstein (born December 30, 1954 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American professional poker player.	Barry Greenstein	Chicago
place of birth	Abbas Bayat (Persian: عباس بيات‎, born 14 July 1947 in Tehran) is an Iranian businessman.	Abbas Bayat	Tehran
place of birth	Wong Yim Kwan (Chinese: 黃炎堃; Jyutping: wong4 jim4 kwan1; born 1 August 1992 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Sun Pegasus.	Wong Yim Kwan	Hong Kong
place of birth	Mohammad Samimi (Persian: محمد صمیمی ‎, born 29 March 1987 in Shahrekord) is an Iranian discus thrower.	Mohammad Samimi	Shahrekord
place of birth	Will Saul (born 1978, Glastonbury, England) is a DJ, music producer and the founder of Simple Records and Aus Music (in that order).	Will Saul	Glastonbury
place of birth	Evelyne Elien (born March 24, 1964 in Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe) is a former French athlete who specialised in the 400 meters.	Evelyne Elien	Basse-Terre
place of birth	Iñigo Landaluze Intxaurraga (born May 9, 1977 in Getxo, Basque Country) is a professional road bicycle racer, currently under suspension.	Iñigo Landaluze	Getxo
place of birth	Edward Victor (born 1887 in England - 17 April 1964), born Edward Neuschwander was a notable stage magician.	Edward Victor	England
place of birth	Iva Bittová was born on 22 July 1958 in the town of Bruntál, Czech Silesia, in what was then the Republic of Czechoslovakia.	Iva Bittová	Bruntál
place of birth	Alfred Clive Hulme was born in the city of Dunedin, New Zealand, to a clerk and his wife.	Clive Hulme	Dunedin
place of birth	Emma Nevada was born in Alpha, California to Maria O'Boy Wixom and Dr. William Wallace Wixom, who was the physician for the gold mine camp there.	Emma Nevada	Alpha, California
place of birth	Dan Sperber (born June 20, 1942, Cagnes-sur-Mer) is a French social and cognitive scientist.	Dan Sperber	Cagnes-sur-Mer
place of birth	Jóbson Leandro Pereira de Oliveira (born 15 February 1988 in Conceição do Araguaia) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas.	Jóbson	Conceição do Araguaia
place of birth	Martyn Rogers (born in Bristol) is an ex-professional footballer.	Martyn Rogers	Bristol
place of birth	Diao Yinan (Chinese: 刁亦男; pinyin: Diāo Yìnán; born 1969 in Xi'an, Shaanxi) is a Chinese director, screenwriter and occasional actor.	Diao Yinan	Xi'an
place of birth	Jean Balue (c. 1421 -- October 5, 1491) was a French cardinal and minister of Louis XI. He was born of very humble parentage at Angles-sur-l'Anglin in Poitou, and was first patronized by the bishop of Poitiers.	Jean Balue	Angles-sur-l'Anglin
place of birth	Corentin de Chatelperron, born in Vannes in 1983, is a French engineer, adventurist and manager of the ``Gold of Bengal'' project.	Corentin de Chatelperron	Vannes
place of birth	Juan Manuel Gárate Cepa (born 24 April 1976 in Irun) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist, who last rode for the Belkin Pro Cycling team.	Juan Manuel Gárate	Irun
place of birth	P. Bhaskaran was born on 21 April 1924 in Kodungallur, Thrissur district.	P. Bhaskaran	Thrissur
place of birth	Carlo D'Este (born 1938 in Oakland, California) is an American military historian and biographer, author of several books, especially on World War II. He is a retired U.S. Army Lieutenant Colonel.	Carlo D'Este	Oakland
place of birth	Fred Callaghan (born 19 December 1944) is a former footballer who played as a left back in the Football League during the 1960s and 1970s, primarily with Fulham, for whom he made almost 300 league appearances.	Fred Callaghan	Fulham
place of birth	George Alec Effinger (January 10, 1947 -- April 27, 2002) was an American science fiction author, born in Cleveland, Ohio.	George Alec Effinger	Cleveland
place of birth	Judy Nerat was born Judith Kaczmarczyk to Leo and Irene Kaczmarczyk in Daggett, Michigan, located in Menominee County on August 12, 1948.	Judy Nerat	Daggett
place of birth	Helen Weaver (born 1931, Madison, Wisconsin) is an American writer and translator.	Helen Weaver	Madison
place of birth	Kateřina Jacques was born Kateřina Pajerová in the central Bohemian town of Mělník.	Kateřina Jacques	Mělník
place of birth	Romuald Hazoumè (born 1962 in Porto Novo) is an artist from the Republic of Bénin, best known for his work La Bouche du Roi, a reworking of the 1789 image of the slave ship Brookes.	Romuald Hazoumè	Porto Novo
place of birth	Błażej Augustyn (Polish pronunciation: (ˈbwaʐɛj au̯ˈɡustɨn); born 26 January 1988 in Strzelin) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Scottish club Heart of Midlothian.	Błażej Augustyn	Strzelin
place of birth	Laurent de Palmas (born 29 October 1977 in Miramas, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur) is a French retired footballer who played as either a right or left back.	Laurent de Palmas	Miramas
place of birth	Constantinos Zarnas (born 17 November 1989) is a Cypriot footballer who previously played for Aris Limassol.	Constantinos Zarnas	Limassol
place of birth	Rodney Jack (born 18 September 1972 in Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines) is a professional football player from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.	Rodney Jack	Kingstown
place of birth	Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu (23 August 1872 -- 20 May 1957) was an Indian politician and freedom fighter, chief minister of the Madras Presidency, and subsequently became the first chief minister of the new Andhra state, created by the partition of Madras State along linguistic lines.	Tanguturi Prakasam	Madras Presidency
place of birth	Kevin Kash is a Brooklyn-born actor who has appeared in various film, television, and theater roles.	Kevin Kash	Brooklyn
place of birth	Marianne Nölle (born 1938) is a German serial killer from Cologne.	Marianne Nölle	Cologne
place of birth	Esther Ouwehand (born June 10, 1976 in Katwijk) is a Dutch politician and former marketing manager.	Esther Ouwehand	Katwijk
place of birth	Zhang Wentao (Chinese: 张文涛; born 14 April 1993 in Guizhou) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai Shenxin in the Chinese Super League.	Zhang Wentao	Guizhou
place of birth	Massimiliano Giornetti (born 29 October 1971 in Carrara) is an Italian fashion designer and currently the creative director at Salvatore Ferragamo.	Massimiliano Giornetti	Carrara
place of birth	Bengali-Fodé Koita (born 21 October 1990 in Paris) is a French professional football player of Guinean origin who plays for Kasımpaşa.	Bengali-Fodé Koita	Paris
place of birth	Hussain Rasheed Ahmed (Arabic: حسين رشيد أحمد‎; born March 18, 1957) is a Maldivian Sunni Islamic scholar (Shaafi'ee school of belief) and political leader in Republic of the Maldives.	Hussain Rasheed Ahmed	Maldives
place of birth	Janusz Pekowski (born 22 November 1945 in Golub-Dobrzyń) is a Polish football player and coach.	Janusz Pekowski	Golub-Dobrzyń
place of birth	Tong Tekong (Chinese: 唐德剛; pinyin: Táng Dégāng; 23 August 1920 in Anhui province, China - 26 October 2009) was a historian, academic and an author.	Tong Tekong	Anhui
place of birth	Born Alexander Gordon Jump, in Dayton, Ohio, Jump graduated from Otterbein College in Westerville, Ohio, in 1955.	Gordon Jump	Dayton
place of birth	Herbert W. Franke (born 14 May 1927 in Vienna) is an Austrian scientist and writer.	Herbert W. Franke	Vienna
place of birth	Stefano di Battista (born February 14, 1969 in Rome) is an Italian jazz saxophonist who plays soprano and alto.	Stefano di Battista	Rome
place of birth	Moses Sofer was born in Frankfurt am Main, on September 24, 1762, during the Seven Years' War.	Moses Sofer	Frankfurt
place of birth	Roberto Nascimento dos Santos (born 5 September 1987 in Maceió), commonly known as Roberto Pítio, is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Noroeste.	Roberto Nascimento dos Santos	Maceió
place of birth	Paul Ehrenfest was born and grew up in Vienna in a Jewish family from Loštice in Moravia.	Paul Ehrenfest	Vienna
place of birth	Jim Novy, whose birthname was Shimeon Novodvorsky, grew up in Knyszyn, Poland.	Jim Novy	Knyszyn
place of birth	Kent Benson attended New Castle Chrysler High School, located in New Castle, Indiana, home of the New Castle Trojans.	Kent Benson	New Castle
place of birth	James Carlile (1784 -- 1854) was a Scottish clergyman from Paisley.	James Carlile	Paisley
place of birth	Apolinário Paquete (born 1968 in Luanda), is an Angolan basketball coach.	Apolinário Paquete	Luanda
place of birth	Cecil Kellaway was born on 22 August 1890 in Cape Town, South Africa, where he gained an early interest in theatre acting, much to the displeasure of his parents.	Cecil Kellaway	Cape Town
place of birth	Wayne Peterson (born September 3, 1927 in Albert Lea, MN) is a Pulitzer Prize--winning composer, pianist and educator.	Wayne Peterson	Albert Lea
place of birth	John Fremont Hill (October 29, 1855 in Eliot, Maine -- March 16, 1912) was an American capitalist and politician.	John Fremont Hill	Eliot
place of birth	Olisa Agbakoba, OON, SAN was born on 29 May 1953 to Chief Justice Godfrey Ubaka and Mrs Phina Agbakoba in Jos.	Olisa Agbakoba	Jos
place of birth	Leona Helmsley was born Lena Mindy Rosenthal in Marbletown, New York, to Polish Jewish immigrants, Ida (née Popkin), a homemaker, and Morris Rosenthal, a hatmaker.	Leona Helmsley	Marbletown
place of birth	Nancy Grace was born in Macon, Georgia, the youngest of three children, to factory worker Elizabeth Grace and Mac Grace, a freight agent for Southern Railway.	Nancy Grace	Macon
place of birth	Daniel Sully was born on September 6, 1855, at Providence, Rhode Island.	Daniel Sully	Providence
place of birth	Evans Carlson was born on 26 February 1896 in Sidney, New York, the son of a Congregationalist minister.	Evans Carlson	Sidney, New York
place of birth	Gualtiero Jacopetti was born in Barga, in Northern Tuscany, in 1919.	Gualtiero Jacopetti	Barga
place of birth	Esther Schweins (born 18 April 1970 in Oberhausen) is a German actress and comedian who became famous through her appearances on the RTL Samstag Nacht show for which she won the Bayerischer Fernsehpreis in 1994.	Esther Schweins	Oberhausen
place of birth	Daniel Roby (born October 25, 1970 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian film director and cinematographer.	Daniel Roby	Montreal
place of birth	Jean Talon was born in Châlons-en-Champagne to Philippe Talon and Anne Marie de Bury on January 8, 1626.	Jean Talon	Châlons-en-Champagne
place of birth	Karim Ghazi (born January 6, 1979 in Algiers) (Arabic: كريم غازي‎) is an Algerian footballer.	Karim Ghazi	Algiers
place of birth	Toomas Vitsut (born January 1, 1960 in Tallinn) is an Estonian politician, the Chairman of the City Council of Tallinn since 2005.	Toomas Vitsut	Tallinn
place of birth	Charlene Drew Jarvis (born July 31, 1941 in Washington, D.C., as Charlene Rosella Drew) is an American educator and former scientific researcher and politician who served as the president of Southeastern University until March 31, 2009.	Charlene Drew Jarvis	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Richard Galliano (born December 12, 1950, Cannes, Alpes-Maritimes) is a French accordionist.	Richard Galliano	Cannes
place of birth	José Iván Gutiérrez Palacios (born 27 November 1978 in Hinojedo, Suances, Cantabria) is a Spanish professional former road bicycle racer.	Iván Gutiérrez	Suances
place of birth	David Sias (born June 2, 1987 in Fountain Valley, California) is an American soccer player, currently without a club.	David Sias	Fountain Valley
place of birth	Dasha Kapustina (Vladivostok, December 13, 1989) is a Russian model.	Dasha Kapustina	Vladivostok
place of birth	Barbara D'Amato (born April 10, 1938 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is an American mystery author and winner of the Agatha and Anthony Award.	Barbara D'Amato	Grand Rapids
place of birth	Chris Manak, better known by his stage name Peanut Butter Wolf, is an American disc jockey and producer from San Jose, California.	Peanut Butter Wolf	San Jose
place of birth	Martin Havelka (born 10 July 1958, Karlovy Vary) is Czech actor.	Martin Havelka	Karlovy Vary
place of birth	Rıdvan Dilmen (born on 15 August 1962 in Nazilli) is a former Turkish footballer who most notably played for Fenerbahçe and the Turkish national football team.	Rıdvan Dilmen	Nazilli
place of birth	Hajro Ulqinaku is an Albanian writer from Ulcinj, Montenegro.	Hajro Ulqinaku	Ulcinj
place of birth	Lynn Margulis was born in Chicago, to a Jewish, Zionist family.	Lynn Margulis	Chicago
place of birth	Jorge Manuel (born July 19, 1980) is a Cuban-American fashion designer based in Miami.	Jorge Manuel	Miami
place of birth	Jürgen Kehrer was born in Essen in the Ruhr region and lived in this very metropolitan part of North Rhine-Westphalia until he moved eventually to the Münster region, which is coined by agriculture.	Jürgen Kehrer	Essen
place of birth	Born in Ingolstadt, Joseph Schröffer studied at the seminary in Eichstätt and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome before being ordained to the priesthood on October 28, 1928.	Joseph Schröffer	Ingolstadt
place of birth	Angela Bambace was born in Santos, Brazil, to Giuseppina Calabrese and Antonio Bambace, immigrants from Leonforte, Sicily and Cannitello, Calabria, respectively, who had settled in Santos, Brazil.	Angela Bambace	Santos
place of birth	Luis Alberto Hernández made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in the 1998 season with Alianza Lima, making 8 appearances in that season.	Luis Alberto Hernández	Lima
place of birth	Sandra Cacic (born September 10, 1974 in Joliet, Illinois) is a retired professional American tennis player.	Sandra Cacic	Joliet
place of birth	Giorgi Makaridze (Georgian: გიორგი მაკარიძე; born 31 March 1990 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer.	Giorgi Makaridze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Marek Biliński (born 17 May 1953 in Szczecin) is a Polish composer of electronic music.	Marek Biliński	Szczecin
place of birth	Arshag Chobanian was born in the Beşiktaş district of Constantinople to an Armenian family whose origins go back to the village of Agn (Kemaliye).	Arshag Chobanian	Beşiktaş	Constantinople
place of birth	Steve Jameson was born in 1973 at Fort Knox, Kentucky, USA, and grew up in nearby Elizabethtown; he was the oldest of seven children of parents Hugh Jameson and Mary Jo Jameson.	Steve Jameson	Fort Knox
place of birth	Arvid Adolf Etholén, or Adolf Karlovich Etolin (Russian: Адольф Карлович Этолин) (January 9, 1799 Helsinki - March 29, 1876 Elimäki) was a naval officer, explorer and administrator in the Russian Empire who was employed by the Russian-American Company.	Arvid Adolf Etholén	Helsinki
place of birth	Saia Fainga'a was born in Queanbeyan, New South Wales, and started playing rugby union at the age of 11 or 12 at the Queanbeyan club.	Saia Fainga'a	Queanbeyan
place of birth	Nicholas Cook (born 5 June 1950) is a British musicologist and writer born in Athens, Greece.	Nicholas Cook	Athens
place of birth	Lada Dance, born Lada Volkova in Kaliningrad on September 11, 1969, is a popular Russian jazz and dance music singer.	Lada Dance	Kaliningrad
place of birth	Yovanna (born Ιωάννα Φάσσου Καλπαξή -- Ioanna Fassou Kalpaxi, 1940, Amaliada) is a Greek singer and writer, known for her participation on behalf of Switzerland in the 1965 Eurovision Song Contest.	Yovanna	Amaliada
place of birth	Clennyson do Nascimento or simply Xaves (born February 27, 1986 in Balsas), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder for Ponte Preta.	Xaves	Balsas
place of birth	Benjamín Rojas Pessi (born April 16, 1985 in La Plata) is an Argentinian actor, singer, musician and former occasional model.	Benjamín Rojas	La Plata
place of birth	Hovhannes Galstyan (Armenian: Հովհաննես Գալստյան, born 12 December 1969, Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian film director, writer and producer.	Hovhannes Galstyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Agesipolis III (Greek: Ἀγησίπολις Γʹ) was the 31st and last of the kings of the Agiad dynasty in ancient Sparta.	Agesipolis III	Sparta
place of birth	Pedro Paulo Bruno was born on October 14, 1888 at his family home on the Paquetá Island.	Pedro Paulo Bruno	Paquetá Island
place of birth	Mariza Koch was born in Athens in 1944 but lived in her mother's hometown in Santorini from a young age.	Mariza Koch	Athens
place of birth	Ernesto Lomasti was born in Udine but spent his early life in Pontebba and Tarvisio, where he attended the local school.	Ernesto Lomasti	Udine
place of birth	Carlo Milanuzzi was born in Santa Natoglia, or Esanatoglia in the Marche region, to Milanuzzo and donna Felice, probably around 1590, but not after 1592, the starting-date of the Baptismal Books of the town, in which no documentation of his birth has been found.	Carlo Milanuzzi	Esanatoglia
place of birth	Derek Hodge was born on October 5, 1941, on the island of Saint Croix to parents, Rexford Hodge and Enid Kettle Hodge.	Derek Hodge	Saint Croix
place of birth	Frederik Wiedmann, born 1981 in Stuttgart, is a German composer.	Frederik Wiedmann	Stuttgart
place of birth	Educated at Finedon Mulso Secondary Modern School on Wellingborough Road, Finedon (now a Junior School), Brian Binley joined the Conservative Party in 1959.	Brian Binley	Wellingborough
place of birth	Yevgeni Urbansky (Russian: Евгений Яковлевич Урбанский; born February 27, 1932 in Moscow, Russia -- November 5, 1965) was a prominent Soviet Russian actor.	Yevgeni Urbansky	Moscow
place of birth	Michal David (born Vladimír Štancl, 14 July 1960, Prague) is a Czech pop-singer, songwriter and producer.	Michal David	Prague
place of birth	Piet Hein Donner studied Law at the Free University of Amsterdam, obtaining a degree in 1974.	Piet Hein Donner	Amsterdam
place of birth	Viktor Ruban (born 24 May 1981 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is an Olympic gold medal winning former world number one Ukrainian archer.	Viktor Ruban	Kharkiv
place of birth	Aloke Sharad Panday also known as Chikki Panday is an Indian businessman & entrepreneur based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Chikki Panday	Maharashtra
place of birth	Héni Kechi (born August 31, 1980 in Djerba) is a French track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles.	Héni Kechi	Djerba
place of birth	Hermann Frommherz was born in Waldshut, in the Baden region of Germany near the Swiss border.	Hermann Frommherz	Baden
place of birth	Didier Thimothée (born June 25, 1970 in Paris) is a French footballer who played on the professional level for French Ligue 1 clubs Caen, Saint-Etienne, Montpellier and Chateauroux during the period of 1990--2001.	Didier Thimothée	Paris
place of birth	Nils Peter Hamberg (4 November 1815 in Stockholm -- 13 February 1902) was a Swedish pharmacist and physician.	Nils Peter Hamberg	Stockholm
place of birth	Luciano Ratinho (born 18 October 1979 in Ribeirão Preto) or Luciano Ferreira Gabriel is a Brazilian footballer.	Luciano Ratinho	Ribeirão Preto
place of birth	Radomir Todorov (Bulgarian: Радомир Тодоров; born 11 August 1980 in Varna) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Spartak Varna.	Radomir Todorov	Varna
place of birth	Glenn Danzig (born Glenn Allen Anzalone; June 23, 1955) is an American singer, songwriter and musician from Lodi, New Jersey.	Glenn Danzig	Lodi, New Jersey
place of birth	Anna Kristina Kallin-Häggblom (born 6 December 1953 in Umeå, dead 25 August 2004 in Gothenburg (aged 50) (due to illness)) was a Swedish singer and actress.	Anna Kristina Kallin	Umeå
place of birth	Ota Zaremba (born 22 April 1957 in Havířov) is a Czechoslovak weightlifter, Olympic champion and world champion.	Ota Zaremba	Havířov
place of birth	Gustav Adolf Nosske (born 29 December 1902 in Halle (Saale) -- died 1990) was a German lawyer and SS-Obersturmbannführer.	Gustav Adolf Nosske	Halle
place of birth	Adolph Ferdinand Duflos (2 February 1802, Artenay -- 9 October 1889, Annaberg) was a French-born, German pharmacist and chemist.	Adolph Ferdinand Duflos	Artenay
place of birth	Fabio Digenti (born 6 March 1983 in Zürich) is a Swiss football player.	Fabio Digenti	Zürich
place of birth	Born as María del Pilar Velázquez Llorente in Madrid, she made her debut in 1964 at the Teatro Español, with the drama Caminos de Damasco.	Pilar Velázquez	Madrid
place of birth	Heinrich Blum (name sometimes written in Czechized form Jindřich Blum) (January 16, 1884, in Soběšice, today part of Brno -- 1942) was a Czech architect.	Heinrich Blum	Brno
place of birth	Paolo Bolpagni (born 1979 in Brescia) is an Italian art historian, critic and curator.	Paolo Bolpagni	Brescia
place of birth	Natalia Valeeva (born November 15, 1969 in Tîrnauca, Transnistria) is a naturalized Italian archer.	Natalia Valeeva	Tîrnauca
place of birth	Born Randy Wayne Frederick, Randy Wayne was born and raised in Moore, Oklahoma.	Randy Wayne	Moore
place of birth	Henrietta Vinton Davis was born in Baltimore to musician Mansfield Vinton and Mary Ann (Johnson) Davis.	Henrietta Vinton Davis	Baltimore
place of birth	Rutger Backe (born January 14, 1951) is a Swedish football player, Falkenberg.	Rutger Backe	Falkenberg
place of birth	Momar Bangoura (born 24 February 1994 in Dakar) is a French footballer of Senegalese and Guinean origin, who is signed to Swindon Town in League One.	Momar Bangoura	Dakar
place of birth	Derek Jeffries (born 22 March 1951 in Longsight, Manchester, England) is an English former footballer.	Derek Jeffries	Longsight
place of birth	John Grayburn was born on 30 January 1918 on Manora Island, India, the son of Lionel Markham and Gertrude Grayburn.	John Grayburn	India
place of birth	Lindsay Daen was born in Dunedin, New Zealand in 1923 of Australian parents.	Lindsay Daen	Dunedin
place of birth	Allan Saint-Maximin (born 12 March 1997 in Châtenay-Malabry) is a French footballer who currently plays for Hannover 96 on loan from Monaco, as a winger.	Allan Saint-Maximin	Châtenay-Malabry
place of birth	John Albert Taylor was born in Ogden, Utah to Albert and Gaylene Taylor, who separated during his infancy.	John Albert Taylor	Ogden
place of birth	Abdul Baten Mojumdar Komol (born 2 August 1987) is a Bangladeshi international footballer who plays as a striker for Mohammedan Sporting Club and the Bangladesh national football team.	Abdul Baten Mojumdar Komol	Bangladesh
place of birth	Shannon Leto was born in Bossier City, Louisiana, to Constance Leto (née Metrejon).	Shannon Leto	Bossier City
place of birth	Thorstein Helstad (born 28 April 1977 in Hamar) is a retired Norwegian footballer	Thorstein Helstad	Hamar
place of birth	Sir Roger Gaskell Hetherington CB, OBE (10 February 1876, in Sherborne -- 1952) was a British civil engineer and civil servant.	Roger Gaskell Hetherington	Sherborne
place of birth	Peter the Hermit (also known as Cucupeter, Little Peter or Peter of Amiens; c. 1050 -- 8 July 1115) was a priest of Amiens and a key figure during the First Crusade.	Peter the Hermit	Amiens
place of birth	Born in Garryvacum in County Laois, Ireland, Kivas Tully was the son of John P. Tully, a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, and Alicia Willington.	Kivas Tully	County Laois
place of birth	Mehrab Ghasem Khani (Persian: مهراب قاسم‌خانی‎, born 7 December 1970 in Tehran) is an Iranian film writer.	Mehrab Ghasem Khani	Tehran
place of birth	Brett Maluwelmeng (born February 19, 1985 in Sioux City, Iowa, United States) is a Guam professional footballer and football manager.	Brett Maluwelmeng	Sioux City
place of birth	Max Simeoni (born August 28, 1929 in Lozzi), is a Corsican physician and politician.	Max Simeoni	Lozzi
place of birth	Mary Kate Wiles (born in Fayetteville, Arkansas in 28 March 1987) is an American film and web series actress.	Mary Kate Wiles	Fayetteville
place of birth	Rahman Dadman (Persian: رحمان دادمان‎‎) was an Iranian politician born in Ardabil.	Rahman Dadman	Ardabil
place of birth	Wu Dingmao (Chinese: 吴丁卯; born 13 April 1987 in Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Guizhou Renhe.	Wu Dingmao	Liaoning
place of birth	Janos Galambos (Galambos János in Hungarian, Born Zirc, Hungary, 1 September 1940) is a mathematician affiliated with Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.	Janos Galambos	Zirc
place of birth	Corretjer (birth name: Juan Antonio Corretjer Montes ) was born in Ciales, Puerto Rico, into a politically active pro-independence family.	Juan Antonio Corretjer	Ciales, Puerto Rico
place of birth	Daniel Alomía Robles (3 January 1871 -- 17 July 1942) born in Huánuco, was a Peruvian composer and ethnomusicologist.	Daniel Alomía Robles	Huánuco
place of birth	Chieli Minucci (born in April 17, 1958 in Huntington, New York) is an American adult contemporary, smooth jazz guitarist, composer, music producer, and arranger of Italian descent.	Chieli Minucci	Huntington
place of birth	Wood was born in Long Beach, California, the son of Donna Wood, a finance professional, and Thomas Mills Wood, Sr., a variety performer and accountant.	Thomas Mills Wood	Long Beach
place of birth	David McGuire (born 27 September 1980 in Bellshill) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for junior club Lanark United.	David McGuire	Bellshill
place of birth	Caroline Brunet (born March 20, 1969 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian sprint kayaker who competed from the late 1980s to 2004.	Caroline Brunet	Quebec City
place of birth	Edward Maria Wingfield, sometimes hyphenated as Edward-Maria Wingfield (born 1550, Stonely Priory, near Kimbolton -- died 1631) was a soldier, Member of Parliament, (1593) and English colonist in America.	Edward Maria Wingfield	Stonely
place of birth	Alain Casanova (born 18 September 1961 in Clermont-Ferrand) is a football former goalkeeper and manager.	Alain Casanova	Clermont-Ferrand
place of birth	Phil Barney (real name : Philippe Baranés, born February 2, 1957 in Annaba, Algeria) is a French singer-songwriter.	Phil Barney	Annaba
place of birth	Claude Poirier (born October 26, 1938 in Montreal, Quebec) is a negotiator and crime reporter for the Quebec-based Canadian French-language television network TVA.	Claude Poirier	Montreal
place of birth	Bert Hardy rose from humble working class origins in Blackfriars.	Bert Hardy	Blackfriars
place of birth	Madeline Hurlock (December 12, 1899 -- April 4, 1989) was a silent film actress, hailing from Federalsburg, Maryland.	Madeline Hurlock	Federalsburg
place of birth	Piero Milesi (Milan, 1953; Levanto, 2011) was an Italian musician, composer, and music arranger.	Piero Milesi	Milan
place of birth	Meta von Salis was born in 1855 on her family's estate, Marschlins Castle, in Igis, Graubünden.	Meta von Salis	Igis
place of birth	Harald Lindberg (2 November 1871, Helsinki -- 13 March 1963, Helsinki) was a Finnish botanist of Swedish parentage.	Harald Lindberg	Helsinki
place of birth	Patricia Conde Galindo (Spanish pronunciation: (paˈtɾiθja konde); Valladolid, 5 October 1979) is a Spanish actress, comedian, TV presenter and model.	Patricia Conde	Valladolid
place of birth	Mikhail Mamiashvili (born 1963 in Konotop, Ukrainian SSR) is a Russian wrestler of Georgian origin.	Mikhail Mamiashvili	Konotop
place of birth	Salvatore Lo Piccolo (born in Palermo, July 20, 1942), also known as the Baron (il Barone), is a Sicilian mafioso and one of the most powerful bosses of Palermo, Sicily.	Salvatore Lo Piccolo	Palermo
place of birth	Diego de Borica y Retegui was born in Vitoria-Gasteiz to a family holding ties with the one of Fermin Lasuén.	Diego de Borica	Vitoria-Gasteiz
place of birth	Jean Paul was born at Wunsiedel, in the Fichtelgebirge mountains (Franconia).	Jean Paul	Wunsiedel
place of birth	Chad Deering (born September 2, 1970, in Garland, Texas) is a retired American soccer player.	Chad Deering	Garland
place of birth	Oswald Spengler was born in 1880 in Blankenburg (the Duchy of Brunswick, the German Reich) as the second child of Bernhard (1844--1901) and Pauline (1840--1910) Spengler.	Oswald Spengler	Blankenburg
place of birth	Chris Wherry (born 1973) is a professional road racing cyclist from Boulder, Colorado.	Chris Wherry	Boulder
place of birth	Richard E. Council (born October 1, 1947 in Tampa, Florida), sometimes credited as Richard Council, is an American film, television and stage actor.	Richard E. Council	Tampa
place of birth	František Patočka (October 22, 1904, Turnov -- March 14, 1985, Prague) was a Czech microbiologist and serologist.	František Patočka	Turnov
place of birth	Heiko Scholz (born 7 January 1966 at Görlitz) is a former German footballer who is now manager of Lokomotive Leipzig.	Heiko Scholz	Görlitz
place of birth	Melissa Mueller (born November 16, 1972 in Waukesha, Wisconsin) is an American pole vaulter.	Melissa Mueller	Waukesha
place of birth	Justin Godart was born into a working-class family in Lyon on November 26, 1871.	Justin Godart	Lyon
place of birth	Deirdre Cash was born in Melbourne into an Irish-Australian Catholic family.	Deirdre Cash	Melbourne
place of birth	Witold Zalewski (4 January 1921 in Siedlce - 2009) is a Polish writer, publicist and prosaist.	Witold Zalewski	Siedlce
place of birth	Robina Williams (born in a small village in Cheshire) is an English author.	Robina Williams	Cheshire
place of birth	James B. McClintock (born Ann Arbor, MI) is an American professor of biology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and studies various aspects of marine biology in Antarctica.	James B. McClintock	Ann Arbor
place of birth	Jair Marrufo (born June 7, 1977 in El Paso, Texas) is an American soccer referee of Mexican descent.	Jair Marrufo	El Paso
place of birth	Víctor Hugo García Hernández (born 11 June 1994 in Cúa) is a right footed Venezuelan footballer who plays as defender in F.C. Porto B.	Víctor Hugo García	Cúa
place of birth	Kristijan Đorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Кристијан Ђорђевић; born 6 January 1976 in Spaichingen, West Germany) is a retired Serbian footballer.	Kristijan Đorđević	Spaichingen
place of birth	Oh Takbeon was born July 3, 1943, in Jecheon, Chungcheongbuk-do, Korea.	Oh Takbeon	Jecheon
place of birth	Aashiq Abu was born in Edappally, Kerala to C. M. Abu, and Jameela Abu.	Aashiq Abu	Edappally
place of birth	Alberto Ongarato (born 24 July 1975 in Padua) is an Italian road racing cyclist, who rode most recently for Vacansoleil-DCM.	Alberto Ongarato	Padua
place of birth	Georges Jacob (Cheny, Burgundy, 6 July 1739 -- 1814, master 1765) was one of the two most prominent Parisian master menuisiers, producing carved, painted and gilded beds and seat furniture and upholstery work for the French royal châteaux, in the early Neoclassical style that is usually associated with Louis XVI.	Georges Jacob	Cheny
place of birth	Takashi Koizumi (小泉堯史 Koizumi Takashi) (November 6, 1944, Mito) is a Japanese film director.	Takashi Koizumi	Mito
place of birth	Aled Haydn Jones (born 9 August 1976 in Aberystwyth, Wales) is a Welsh radio editor, presenter and former radio producer.	Aled Haydn Jones	Aberystwyth
place of birth	Martin Aigner (born February 28, 1942 in Linz) is an Austrian mathematician, professor at Freie Universität Berlin since 1974, with interests in combinatorial mathematics and graph theory.	Martin Aigner	Linz
place of birth	Leon Glass was born in Brooklyn, NY where he attended Erasmus Hall High School (Class of 1959) and majored in Chemistry at Brooklyn College (Class of 1963).	Leon Glass	Brooklyn
place of birth	Helena Javornik (born 26 March 1966, in Celje) is a Slovenian long-distance runner who has specialized in all distances from 1500 metres to the marathon race.	Helena Javornik	Celje
place of birth	Herbert Bentwich (originally Bentwitch) (1856, Whitechapel -- 1932, Jerusalem) was a British Zionist leader and lawyer.	Herbert Bentwich	Whitechapel
place of birth	Željko Cupan (born 30 December 1963, in Zagreb) is a former Croatian football player.	Željko Cupan	Zagreb
place of birth	Nicola Cornick (b. Yorkshire, England) is a British writer of historical romance novels since 1998 and a historian specialising in public history.	Nicola Cornick	Yorkshire
place of birth	Michael Manring (born June 27, 1960 in Annapolis) is an American bass guitarist from the San Francisco Bay Area, (Northern California).	Michael Manring	Annapolis
place of birth	SS-Oberführer Ernst Boepple (November 30, 1887, Betzingen -- December 15, 1950) was a Nazi official, serving as deputy to Josef Bühler in occupied Poland during World War II and the Holocaust.	Ernst Boepple	Betzingen
place of birth	Simone de' Prodenzani (Orvieto, b. 1351? d. 1433--8), also spelled Prudenzani, was an Italian poet known for his narrative stories in the form of sonnets and ballades.	Simone de' Prodenzani	Orvieto
place of birth	Constantin Werner (born Constantin Werner von Siemens, January 3, 1969, Erlangen) is a German writer, director and producer of film, TV, theater and music videos.	Constantin Werner	Erlangen
place of birth	David Wagenfuhr (born June 22, 1982 in Colorado Springs, Colorado) was an American soccer player, who retired at the age of 26 due to injury.	David Wagenfuhr	Colorado Springs
place of birth	Lindsay Frimodt (born March 28, 1981 in Sacramento, California) is an American model who appeared in the annual Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2002 and 2003.	Lindsay Frimodt	Sacramento
place of birth	Ariel Marcus Rosenberg (born June 24, 1978), better known by his stage name Ariel Pink, is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer based in Los Angeles, California.	Ariel Pink	Los Angeles
place of birth	Yannis Pappas is a Greek-American comedian born and raised in Park Slope Brooklyn, New York.	Yannis Pappas	Brooklyn
place of birth	Baruch Elron (Barbu Teodorescu) was born in Bucharest, in a family of Sephardic Jews.	Baruch Elron	Bucharest
place of birth	John McEntire (born April 9, 1970 in Portland, Oregon) is an American recording engineer, drummer and multi-instrumentalist based in Chicago.	John McEntire	Portland
place of birth	Volker Stelzmann (born Dresden 5 November 1940) is a German Painter and Graphic artist.	Volker Stelzmann	Dresden
place of birth	Byambasuren Davaa, really Davaagiin Byambasüren (Mongolian: Даваагийн Бямбасүрэн; born 1971 in Ulaanbaatar), is a Mongolian film maker currently residing in Germany.	Byambasuren Davaa	Ulaanbaatar
place of birth	Mahir Yağcılar (Serbo-Croat: Mahir Jagčular) (born 6 May 1961 in Prizren, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Turkish Kosovar politician and the president of Turkish nationalist and conservative Turkish Democratic Party of Kosovo (KDTP).	Mahir Yağcılar	Prizren
place of birth	Thomas Houseago (b. 1972 in Leeds, Great Britain) is a contemporary visual artist.	Thomas Houseago	Leeds
place of birth	Herself the youngest daughter of Charles Cannan, the Dean of Trinity College, Oxford and secretary to the Delegates of Oxford University Press, and Mary Wedderburn, also a cousin of Gilbert Cannan, it is perhaps for her children that Joanna Cannan is best known.	Joanna Cannan	Oxford
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste Monge (born June 11, 1971 in Nantes) is a French fantasy author and illustrator.	Jean-Baptiste Monge	Nantes
place of birth	Marianne Csaky (born in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian writer and sculptor.	Marianne Csaky	Budapest
place of birth	Anastasia Vyaltseva was born on 1 March 1871, in Altukhovo sloboda near Trubchevsk (formerly of the Oryol Governorate, now the Navlinsky region of Bryansk Governorate).	Anastasia Vyaltseva	Oryol Governorate
place of birth	Giovanni Battista Crespi (23 December 1573 -- 23 October 1632), called Il Cerano, was an Italian painter, sculptor, and architect,	Giovanni Battista Crespi	Cerano
place of birth	Aaron Fotheringham (born November 8, 1991 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is an extreme wheelchair athlete who performs tricks adapted from skateboarding and BMX.	Aaron Fotheringham	Las Vegas
place of birth	Zefferino Tomè (1905, Casarsa della Delizia - 1979) was an Italian lawyer, partisan (during the Second World War) and politician.	Zefferino Tomè	Casarsa della Delizia
place of birth	Born at Portsmouth, the son of a vice admiral, Charles Hardy joined the Royal Navy as a volunteer in 1731.	Charles Hardy	Portsmouth
place of birth	Litokwa Tomeing was born on Wotje Atoll, in the Japanese administered Marshall Islands, on October 14, 1939.	Litokwa Tomeing	Wotje Atoll
place of birth	Stanley Williams was born December 29, 1953 in Shreveport, Louisiana to a 17-year-old mother.	Stanley Williams	Shreveport
place of birth	Carlos Aponte Benítez (Tunja, January 24, 1939 -- August 1, 2008) was a Colombian footballer.	Carlos Aponte	Tunja
place of birth	He had an annual track and field meeting named in his honour -- the Gabriel Tiacoh meet in Abidjan.	Gabriel Tiacoh	Abidjan
place of birth	Pierre Lechantre (born 2 April, 1950 in Lille, Nord) is a French coach who won the 2000 African Cup of Nations with Cameroon.	Pierre Lechantre	Lille
place of birth	Lamar was born at the family home of ``Fairfield,'' near Eatonton, Putnam County, Georgia, the son of Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus Lamar and Sarah Williamson Bird.	Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus Lamar	Eatonton
place of birth	Dragan Vasiljković was born on 12 December 1954 in a Serbian Orthodox family in Belgrade.	Dragan Vasiljković	Belgrade
place of birth	Adriana Vacarezza Etcheverry (born 1961, in Santiago) is a Chilean television and theatre actress.	Adriana Vacarezza	Santiago
place of birth	Wayne Dockery (born in Camden, New Jersey on June 26, 1941) is a jazz double bassist who has worked with George Benson, Sonny Fortune, Eddie Henderson, Hal Galper, Archie Shepp, and others.	Wayne Dockery	Camden
place of birth	Cyprián Karásek Lvovický (of Lvovice) (Czech: Cyprián Karásek Lvovický ze Lvovic, German: Cyprian von Leowitz, Latin: Cyprianus Leovitius) (July 8, 1514? in Hradec Králové -- 1574 in Lauingen) was a Bohemian astronomer, mathematician and astrologer.	Cyprián Karásek Lvovický	Hradec Králové
place of birth	Dax O'Callaghan (born 2 July 1986 in London, England) is an English singer, dancer and actor.	Dax O'Callaghan	London
place of birth	Angus Harrison is a British actor from Bristol, England.	Angus Harrison	Bristol
place of birth	Adam Rifkin (born December 31, 1966 in Chicago), sometimes credited as Rif Coogan, is an American film director, producer, actor and writer.	Adam Rifkin	Chicago
place of birth	Giorgio Rocca (born August 6, 1975, Chur, Switzerland) is an Italian Alpine skier, a specialist in Slalom skiing.	Giorgio Rocca	Chur
place of birth	Born in Ebeltoft, Peter Degn started his career for local amateur team Ebeltoft IF in 1994.	Peter Degn	Ebeltoft
place of birth	Fulvio Giulio della Corgna was born in Perugia on November 19, 1517, the son of Francia della Corgna, a Perugian nobleman who bore the title of Duca di Corgna, and Jacopa Ciocchi del Monte.	Fulvio Giulio della Corgna	Perugia
place of birth	Lawrence Blochman was born in San Diego, California to Lucien A. Blochman, a banker, and his wife Haidee Goldtree.	Lawrence Blochman	San Diego
place of birth	Bernard Thibault was born on January 2, 1959 in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, to a family hailing from the Morvan area.	Bernard Thibault	Paris
place of birth	Kıvanç Tatlıtuğ (Turkish pronunciation: (kɯˈvantʃ ˈtatɫɯtuː)) (born 27 October 1983, Adana) is a Turkish actor and model who has received two Golden Butterfly Awards for Best Actor.	Kıvanç Tatlıtuğ	Adana
place of birth	Marcela Sadilová (born February 26, 1967 in Prague) is a Czech slalom canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the late 2000s.	Marcela Sadilová	Prague
place of birth	Lin Bolen (born March 21, 1941 in Benton, Illinois) is an American television executive and producer.	Lin Bolen	Benton
place of birth	Kevin Lock (born 27 December 1953 in Plaistow, Essex) is an English former professional footballer who played as a central defender.	Kevin Lock	Plaistow
place of birth	Sandy Eisenberg Sasso is the first woman to have been ordained a rabbi in Reconstructionist Judaism She was ordained by the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College in Philadelphia, on May 19, 1974.	Sandy Eisenberg Sasso	Philadelphia
place of birth	Bruno Junk (September 27, 1929 in Valga -- September 22, 1995 in Tallinn) was an Estonian athlete who competed mainly in walking events.	Bruno Junk	Valga
place of birth	Ulrike Lunacek (born 26 May 1957 in Krems an der Donau) is an Austrian politician.	Ulrike Lunacek	Krems an der Donau
place of birth	Born in Santa Iria de Azóia, Loures, Lisbon District, Jerónimo de Sousa was born into a humble working-class family, dominated by the right-leaning regime of António de Oliveira Salazar.	Jerónimo de Sousa	Loures
place of birth	François-Xavier Berlinguet had studied wood-carving and its architectural applications with his father while growing up in the Quebec City area.	François-Xavier Berlinguet	Quebec City
place of birth	Andreas Buck (born 29 December 1967 in Geislingen an der Steige) is a retired German football player.	Andreas Buck	Geislingen an der Steige
place of birth	Charles B. Pierce was born in Hammond, Indiana on June 16, 1938, one of three boys born to Mack McKenny Pierce and Mayven Bryant Pierce.	Charles B. Pierce	Hammond
place of birth	Angely was born in Leipzig, the son of Gorges Jean Louis Angely, cantor of the French Reformed Church in Leipzig, and his wife Jeanne Marie.	Louis Angely	Leipzig
place of birth	Behar Berisha (born 19 September 1991 in Lugano) is a Swiss footballer of Albanian descent who currently plays for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga.	Behar Berisha	Lugano
place of birth	Pedro Herrera III (born September 5, 1979 in Houston, Texas), better known by his stage name Chingo Bling, is an American rapper and producer of Mexican descent.	Chingo Bling	Houston
place of birth	Gulnora Alimova (born in Tashkent, July 25, 1971) is an Uzbekistani pianist.	Gulnora Alimova	Tashkent
place of birth	Harry van Raaij (born 29 August 1936, Haps) was the chairman of PSV Eindhoven, a Dutch sports club, between 1996 and 2004.	Harry van Raaij	Haps
place of birth	Hilary Krzysztofiak (born 28 October 1926 in Szopienice, now a part of Katowice, died 30 September 1979 in Falls Church, Virginia near Washington) was a Polish painter, graphic artist and set designer.	Hilary Krzysztofiak	Katowice
place of birth	Mireille Dansereau (born December 19, 1943 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian director and screenwriter who is known for ``emulating the style and approach of her aesthetic role model, John Cassavetes''.	Mireille Dansereau	Montreal
place of birth	Cathleen Synge Morawetz (born May 5, 1923 in Toronto, Canada) is a mathematician.	Cathleen Synge Morawetz	Toronto
place of birth	Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth (April 4, 1892 in Heidelberg -- May 6, 1979) was a German astronomer.	Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth	Heidelberg
place of birth	Salvatore Esposito (born 3 January 1948 in Torre Annunziata, Province of Naples) is a former Italian football player from Torre Annunziata in the Province of Naples.	Salvatore Esposito	Torre Annunziata
place of birth	Juliana Knust Sampaio (born May 29, 1981, in Niterói, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress.	Juliana Knust	Niterói
place of birth	Eurosia Fabris was born to farmers Luigi and Maria Fabris on September 27, 1866 in Quinto Vicentino, a small, agricultural area near the Italian town of Vicenza.	Eurosia Fabris	Vicenza
place of birth	Ion Dosca (born January 2, 1955 in Bucovăţ, Moldavian SSR) is a Moldavian Brazilian draughts player, international grandmaster since 1996 and world champion in 1999.	Ion Dosca	Bucovăţ
place of birth	Jhamak Ghimire (born July 1980 in the village of Kachide in Dhankuta Municipality of Dhankuta district) is a Nepali writer.	Jhamak Ghimire	Dhankuta
place of birth	Kyteman, artist name of Colin Benders, (born 5 December 1986 in Utrecht) is a Dutch hip hop artist.	Kyteman	Utrecht
place of birth	Kevin Christie (born 1 April 1976 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Aberdeen, East Fife, Motherwell, Falkirk, and Airdrie United.	Kevin Christie	Aberdeen
place of birth	Dr. Sebastian Paul (born 1 May 1947) was a member of Parliament, representing Ernakulam in the 14th Lok Sabha.	Sebastian Paul	Ernakulam
place of birth	Marcel Theroux was born in 1968 in Kampala, Uganda, where his American-born father Paul Theroux was teaching at Makerere University.	Marcel Theroux	Kampala
place of birth	Paul Oppenheim (June 17, 1885 in Frankfurt am Main - June 22, 1977) was a German chemist, philosopher, independent scholar and industrialist.	Paul Oppenheim	Frankfurt
place of birth	Maurice Valency was educated in New York City, getting a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1923 at City College, and at Columbia University getting a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1927 (Valency was a member of the New York bar), and a Ph.D. in 1938.	Maurice Valency	New York City
place of birth	Enoch Heinrich Kisch (May 6, 1841 - 1918) was an Austrian balneologist and gynecologist born in Prague.	Enoch Heinrich Kisch	Prague
place of birth	Marcel Azzola (born 10 July 1927 in Paris) is a French accordionist of Italian descent, his mother was from Valbondione and his father was from Pradalunga.	Marcel Azzola	Paris
place of birth	Willem Bartsius (1612, Enkhuizen -- 1657, Enkhuizen), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Willem Bartsius	Enkhuizen
place of birth	Luo Zuqing (Chinese: 罗足庆; born 27 April 1993 in Meizhou) is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye.	Luo Zuqing	Meizhou
place of birth	Luke Steyn (born June 7, 1993 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean alpine skier who has competed since 2008.	Luke Steyn	Harare
place of birth	Stanisław Wigura (9 April 1903 - 11 September 1932) was a Polish aircraft designer and aviator, co-founder of the RWD aircraft construction team and lecturer at the Warsaw University of Technology.	Stanisław Wigura	Warsaw
place of birth	Lucia Newman (born February 18, 1952 in London) is a broadcast journalist, currently working for Al Jazeera English.	Lucia Newman	London
place of birth	Hazelle Goodman (born Hazel Goodman; February 16, 1959) is an actress from Trinidad and Tobago.	Hazelle Goodman	Trinidad and Tobago
place of birth	Branislav Rzeszoto (born 3 November 1975 in Žilina) is a Slovak football Goalkeeper who currently plays for Ascoli Calcio.	Branislav Rzeszoto	Žilina
place of birth	Roy of Hollywood (real name Roy Tuckman) has produced, engineered and hosted the ``Something's Happening'' show on Pacifica Radio station KPFK-FM in Los Angeles since 1977.	Roy Tuckman	Los Angeles
place of birth	Maria Cristina Cavalcanti de Albuquerque (born February 1943, in Vertentes) is a Brazilian novelist, historian and psychiatrist.	Maria Cristina Cavalcanti de Albuquerque	Vertentes
place of birth	Also known as Nicolas Clément-Desormes, he was born in Dijon.	Nicolas Clément	Dijon
place of birth	De Hirsh Margules was born in 1899 in the Romanian city of Iași (also known as Iasse, Jassy, or Jasse).	De Hirsh Margules	Iași
place of birth	Max Brick (born 5 July 1992) is an English diver who represents Southampton Diving Academy and specialises in the 10 metre platform event.	Max Brick	Southampton
place of birth	Lieutenant General Anatoly Khrulyov (Russian: Анатолий Хрулев; Naro-Fominsk, 3 June 1955) is a Russian general who was the commander of the Russian 58th Army from 2006 until his retirement in 2010.	Anatoly Khrulyov	Naro-Fominsk
place of birth	Giovanni Battista Monti (died 1657) was an Italian painter of portraits during the Baroque period, active mainly in his natal city of Genoa.	Giovanni Battista Monti	Genoa
place of birth	Kate Malone (born in 1959 in London) is a British studio potter and judge, along with Keith Brymer Jones, on BBC2's The Great Pottery Throw Down presented by Sara Cox.	Kate Malone	London
place of birth	A fifth generation musician, Richie Castellano was born in Brooklyn, New York City on February 7, 1980.	Richie Castellano	Brooklyn
place of birth	Peter DeMaria (born October 24, 1960 in Madison, New Jersey) is an American architect and artist known for his non-conventional use of materials and construction/fabrication methodologies.	Peter DeMaria	Madison
place of birth	Per Anders Daun (born 20 April 1963 in Borås, Västra Götaland) is a Swedish former ski jumper who competed from 1980 to 1988.	Anders Daun	Borås
place of birth	Adrienne Arsenault (born April 24, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario) is a foreign correspondent with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC).	Adrienne Arsenault	Toronto
place of birth	Son of Angelos Themelis, Georgios Themelis was born in 1897 in Thessaloniki.	Georgios Themelis	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Bibi Andersson was born as Berit Elisabeth Andersson in Kungsholmen, Stockholm, the daughter of Karin (née Mansion), a social worker, and Josef Andersson, a businessman.	Bibi Andersson	Stockholm
place of birth	Frances Paige was born in Glasgow, Scotland, UK, but has lived near the Lake District, in the North West England for many years.	Frances Paige	Glasgow
place of birth	Asa Bird Gardiner (September 30, 1839 -- May 24, 1919) was a controversial American soldier, attorney, and district attorney for New York County (a.k.a. the Borough of Manhattan) from 1898 to 1900.	Asa Bird Gardiner	Manhattan
place of birth	Marion Clignet (born 21 February 1964 in Hyde Park, Chicago) is a French former track cyclist.	Marion Clignet	Hyde Park
place of birth	Zdravko Radić (born June 24, 1979 in Kotor) is a Montenegrin water polo player.	Zdravko Radić	Kotor
place of birth	Phil Zajicek (born 20 March 1979) of Eugene, Oregon, is an American ex-professional road racing cyclist who last rode professionally for the Fly V Australia Team in 2010.	Phil Zajicek	Eugene
place of birth	Remi Adefarasin, OBE, BSC (born 2 February 1948, London) is a British cinematographer.	Remi Adefarasin	London
place of birth	Alan Silva (born Alan Treadwell da Silva, Bermuda, January 22, 1939) is an American free jazz double bassist and keyboard player.	Alan Silva	Bermuda
place of birth	Miriam Rodón Naveira (born April 2, 1963) is an environmental scientist from San Juan, Puerto Rico, working at the federal government of the United States for which she was awarded a Silver Medal for Superior Service and a Suzanne Olive EEO and Diversity Award both by the EPA.	Miriam Rodón Naveira	San Juan
place of birth	Holger Walter (born September 26, 1968 in Lauffen am Neckar) is a German sculptor based in Karlsruhe and Berlin.	Holger Walter	Lauffen am Neckar
place of birth	Clark Hopkins (New York City, 16 September 1895 -- 1976) was an American archaeologist.	Clark Hopkins	New York City
place of birth	Joseph Lieutaud was born on June 21, 1703 at 31 Rue Cardinale in Aix-en-Provence.	Joseph Lieutaud	Aix-en-Provence
place of birth	Lally Cadeau was born on 10 January, 1948, in Burlington, Ontario and has been a professional actor since 1974.	Lally Cadeau	Burlington
place of birth	Michael Tumi (born 12 February 1990 in Padua) is an Italian sprinter.	Michael Tumi	Padua
place of birth	Helmut Kallmeyer (8 October 1910 in Hamburg -- 27 September 2006) was a German chemist in the era of National Socialism.	Helmut Kallmeyer	Hamburg
place of birth	Almensh Belete (born 26 July 1989 in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian-born Belgian long-distance runner.	Almensh Belete	Addis Ababa
place of birth	Edgardo Codesal Méndez (Spanish pronunciation: (eðˈɣarðo koˈðesal); born 2 June 1951 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is an Uruguayan-Mexican football (soccer) referee, best known for supervising the final match of the 1990 World Cup held in Italy.	Edgardo Codesal	Montevideo
place of birth	Yevhen Shevchenko (Ukrainian: Євген Шевченко; born 16 October 1987 in Dniprodzerzhynsk) is a Ukrainian football striker.	Yevhen Shevchenko	Dniprodzerzhynsk
place of birth	Darko Anić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дapкo Aнић ;born 5 March 1974 in Aranđelovac) is a retired Serbian professional football player.	Darko Anić	Aranđelovac
place of birth	João Cristino da Silva (14 July 1829, Lisbon - 12 May 1877, Lisbon) was a Portuguese painter and illustrator in the Romantic style.	João Cristino da Silva	Lisbon
place of birth	Henning Bürger (born 16 December 1969 in Zeulenroda-Triebes) is a former German footballer and current manager.	Henning Bürger	Zeulenroda
place of birth	Prabhu Solomon hails from Neyveli, Tamil Nadu and revealed he was a regular at the town's only cinema hall, which helped him develop an initial passion for films.	Prabhu Solomon	Neyveli
place of birth	Rudolf Komorous (born 8 December 1931, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-born Canadian composer.	Rudolf Komorous	Prague
place of birth	Elidiano Marques Lima (born 14 March 1982 in Ibirité) is a Brazilian football player, who plays as a right and left wingback for Oborishte in Bulgaria.	Elidiano Marques Lima	Ibirité
place of birth	Debra Feuer is an American actress born in Las Vegas January 12, 1959.	Debra Feuer	Las Vegas
place of birth	Akina Shirt (born January 18, 1994 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a First Nations singer known for her performances in the Cree language.	Akina Shirt	Edmonton
place of birth	Leo Watson (February 27, 1898 -- May 2, 1950) was an American jazz vocalese singer, drummer, trombonist and tiple player born in Kansas City, Missouri, perhaps best known as a band member of The Spirits of Rhythm, which included guitarist Teddy Bunn.	Leo Watson	Kansas City
place of birth	Boris Pigovat (Hebrew: בוריס פיגובט; born 1953 in Odessa, USSR) is an Israeli composer.	Boris Pigovat	Odessa
place of birth	Edvard Mikaelian (Armenian: Էդվարդ Միքայելյան, born May 25, 1950 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a former Soviet Armenian artistic gymnast.	Edvard Mikaelian	Yerevan
place of birth	Born May 1, 1925, in Boulder, Colorado, Carpenter moved to New York City with his parents Marion Scott Carpenter and Florence (née Noxon) Carpenter for the first two years of his life.	Scott Carpenter	Boulder
place of birth	Pietro Lorenzini (born March 17, 1989 in Parma) is an Italian professional football player He made his Serie A debut for Parma F.C. on May 4, 2008 in a game against Genoa C.F.C. when he came on as a substitute in the 83rd minute for Reginaldo.	Pietro Lorenzini	Parma
place of birth	Federico González Suárez (1844--1917) was an Ecuadorian priest, historian and politician who served as the Archbishop of Quito for twelve years.	Federico González Suárez	Quito
place of birth	Arkadi Nemirovski earned the Ph.D. in Mathematics (1974) from Moscow State University and the Doctor of Sciences in Mathematics (1990) from the Institute of Cybernetics of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences, Kiev.	Arkadi Nemirovski	Moscow
place of birth	Kurt Asche (born 11 October 1909 in Hamburg -- May 1998) was SS-Obersturmführer and an officer in German-occupied Belgium.	Kurt Asche	Hamburg
place of birth	Mohammed Diallo (born 22 May 1983, in Belley, France) is a Côte d'Ivoire football player, who last played for French club FC Nantes.	Mohammed Diallo	Belley
place of birth	Pinalla Aliprandi (Monza, end of the 13th century - 1341) was an milanese commander of the 14th century.	Pinalla Aliprandi	Monza
place of birth	Kalman Kahana (Hebrew: קלמן כהנא‎, 31 May 1910, Brody, western Ukraine -- 20 August 1991) was a long-serving Israeli politician and journalist, and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence.	Kalman Kahana	Brody
place of birth	Sandra van Nieuwland (born in Delft on February 16, 1977), also known as Sandra Newland, is a Dutch singer who gained national popularity after her participation in the third season of The Voice of Holland.	Sandra van Nieuwland	Delft
place of birth	Ice Prince was born Panshak Henri Zamani in the city of Minna, Niger State, Nigeria.	Ice Prince	Minna
place of birth	Marcin ``Abradab'' Marten (born 12 November 1978 in Katowice) is a Polish rapper and music producer.	Abradab	Katowice
place of birth	Cedric Boswell (born July 21, 1969 in Detroit, Michigan) is a professional heavyweight boxer from the United States.	Cedric Boswell	Detroit
place of birth	Nebojša Pavlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Heбojшa Пaвлoвић ; born 9 April 1981 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer who plays in the defensive midfield currently playing for KV Kortrijk.	Nebojša Pavlović	Belgrade
place of birth	Alexander van Oudenaarden was born 19 March 1970, in Zuidland, a small town in the Dutch province of South Holland.	Alexander van Oudenaarden	Zuidland
place of birth	Stephen Kiprotich (``KIP-roh-tich'', born 27 February 1989) is a Ugandan long-distance runner, born in Kapchorwa District.	Stephen Kiprotich	Kapchorwa District
place of birth	Mary Elizabeth Hartman was born in Youngstown, Ohio, where she became known to patrons of the Youngstown Playhouse as ``Biff'' Hartman.	Elizabeth Hartman	Youngstown
place of birth	Born in Schwäbisch Hall, Wolfgang Gönnenwein studied music and German studies at the University of Heidelberg and the University of Tübingen.	Wolfgang Gönnenwein	Schwäbisch Hall
place of birth	Abebe Dinkesa Negera (born 6 March 1984, in Ambo) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres.	Abebe Dinkesa	Ambo
place of birth	Faouzi El Brazi (Arabic: فوزي البرازي‎) (born 22 May 1977 in Berkane) is a retired footballer.	Faouzi El Brazi	Berkane
place of birth	Casey Wilson was born and raised in Alexandria, Virginia, along with her younger brother, Fletcher, a medical device engineer.	Casey Wilson	Alexandria
place of birth	Archestratus (Greek: Ἀρχέστρατος Archestratos) was an Ancient Greek poet of Gela or Syracuse, in Sicily, who wrote some time in the mid 4th century BCE, and was known as ``the Daedalus of tasty dishes''.	Archestratus	Gela
place of birth	Mikis Theodorakis was born on the Greek island of Chios and spent his childhood years in different provincial Greek cities such as Mytilene, Cephallonia, Patras, Pyrgos, and Tripoli.	Mikis Theodorakis	Chios
place of birth	Antonio Pantojas (born November 25, 1948 in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico) is an actor, comedian, dancer and a pioneer in the art of drag.	Antonio Pantojas	Río Piedras
place of birth	David Brainerd was born on April 20, 1718 in Haddam, Connecticut, the son of Hezekiah, a Connecticut legislator, and Dorothy.	David Brainerd	Connecticut
place of birth	Mirko Cvetković was born in the small city of Zaječar in eastern Serbia on 16 August 1950.	Mirko Cvetković	Zaječar
place of birth	Jordan Jackson (born September 19, 1990) is an American soccer player from Overland Park, Kansas.	Jordan Jackson	Overland Park
place of birth	Giorgio de Stefani was born in Verona in 1904, son of a Minister of Government.	Giorgio de Stefani	Verona
place of birth	Tom Curren (born July 3, 1964, in Santa Barbara, California, United States) is an American surfer.	Tom Curren	Santa Barbara
place of birth	Wieland Kuijken (born Dilbeek, 31 August 1938) is a Belgian musician and player of the viola da gamba and baroque cello.	Wieland Kuijken	Dilbeek
place of birth	Danial Mousavi (Persian: دانیال موسوی‎‎) is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Iran Pro League.	Danial Mousavi	Ahvaz
place of birth	Karlrobert Kreiten (26 June 1916, Bonn, Rhine Province - 7 September 1943) was a German pianist, though holding Dutch citizenship his entire life due to his Dutch father.	Karlrobert Kreiten	Bonn
place of birth	Fausto Brizzi (Rome 15 November 1968) is an Italian screenwriter, producer and film director.	Fausto Brizzi	Rome
place of birth	Julie McCullough, who is of Irish descent, was born in Honolulu, Hawaii and named after a 1950s song called ``Oh Julie''.	Julie McCullough	Honolulu
place of birth	Jeff Cheeger (born December 1, 1943, Brooklyn, New York City), is a mathematician.	Jeff Cheeger	Brooklyn
place of birth	Jeroen Appeltans (born 27 August 1990 in Sint-Truiden) is a professional footballer who plays for KVV Thes Sport.	Jeroen Appeltans	Sint-Truiden
place of birth	Ralph Helfer (born April 9, 1931 in Chicago, Illinois) is a notable American animal behaviorist, creator of Marine World/Africa USA, and writer of books about animals.	Ralph Helfer	Chicago
place of birth	Richard Humpton (1733 -- 1804) was born in Yorkshire, England of parents Richard Humpton and Dorothy Grindall.	Richard Humpton	Yorkshire
place of birth	Paulo José Gómez de Souza (born 20 March 1937, Lavras do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian television and film actor, director and narrator.	Paulo José	Rio Grande do Sul
place of birth	Vrčak is a Medicine student at the University of Cyril and Methodius in Skopje but chose a career in music, following the footsteps of his father.	Vrčak	Skopje
place of birth	Evgraf Fedorovich Krendovsky (Ukrainian: Євграф Федорович Крендовський, Russian: Евграф Фёдорович Крендовский; 1810, Kremenchuk -- 1870s, unknown) was a portrait, genre and interior portrait painter.	Evgraf Fedorovich Krendovsky	Kremenchuk
place of birth	Dominique Girod (born 1975 in Winterthur) is a Swiss composer and bassist.	Dominique Girod	Winterthur
place of birth	Yael Tal (Hebrew: יעל טל, born 26 May 1983 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli actress, whose work spans film, theater, television and voice acting for animated shows.	Yael Tal	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Umberto Tirelli was born in 1928 in Gualtieri, a town in Emilia near the River Po.	Umberto Tirelli	Gualtieri
place of birth	Edward Marshall Stedman, Jr. was born in Bethel, Maine on August 16, 1874, the son of Edward, Sr. and Eliza Putnam (née Rice) Stedman.	Marshall Stedman	Bethel
place of birth	Paul Philémon Rastoul (1 October 1835; Thézan-lès-Béziers, Hérault - 1875) was a French physician best known for his role in the Paris Commune of 1871.	Paul Philémon Rastoul	Thézan-lès-Béziers
place of birth	Pierre Brizon was born on 16 May 1878 in Franchesse, Allier, to a poor farming family.	Pierre Brizon	Franchesse
place of birth	Alexandre Barroso de Oliveira (born 2 February 1963 in Belo Horizonte), known as Alexandre Barroso, is a Brazilian football manager, .	Alexandre Barroso	Belo Horizonte
place of birth	Agnaldo Cordeiro Pereira, shortly Agnaldo (born January 25, 1975, in Paranacity, Paraná) is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a forward.	Agnaldo Cordeiro Pereira	Paranacity
place of birth	Stanisław Staszic was born into a burgher family in the town of Piła on 6 November 1755, the youngest of four siblings.	Stanisław Staszic	Piła
place of birth	Arthur Albert (born Arturo Albert on July 9, 1946 in Caracas, Venezuela) is an American cinematographer and television director.	Arthur Albert	Caracas
place of birth	Hasan Pepić (born 16 March 1993 in Podgorica) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a left-winger for SSV Reutlingen.	Hasan Pepić	Podgorica
place of birth	Jim Sanborn (born Herbert James Sanborn Jr., November 14, 1945 in Washington, D.C.) is an American sculptor.	Jim Sanborn	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Philip Craig Russell (born October 30, 1951 in Wellsville, Ohio), also known as P. Craig Russell, is an American comic book writer, artist, and illustrator.	P. Craig Russell	Wellsville, Ohio
place of birth	Johnson was born in Stockton, California, the son of Ruth Alice (née Fairchild) and Ernest Lamont Johnson, who was a realtor.	Lamont Johnson	Stockton
place of birth	Robert Wertheimer (b: Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is an award-winning writer, producer, director and executive producer of film and television productions.	Robert Wertheimer	Montreal
place of birth	Born in Kitzbühel, Austria, Peter Aufschnaiter went to high school in Kufstein.	Peter Aufschnaiter	Kitzbühel
place of birth	Born in Vranje, Lazar Đorđević joined MFK Košice in summer 2013.	Lazar Đorđević	Vranje
place of birth	Lee Dainton (born 22 August 1973 in Pontypool, Wales) is a professional skateboarder, daredevil and one quarter of the Dirty Sanchez crew.	Lee Dainton	Pontypool
place of birth	Shimon Levinson was born in Jerusalem during the British Mandate era in 1933.	Shimon Levinson	Jerusalem
place of birth	Iveta Mukuchyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia (then part of the Soviet Union) on 14 October 1986.	Iveta Mukuchyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Nuno Filipe Sousa Rolão Dias Silva (born 24 September 1976 in Castelo Branco), simply known as Rolão, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Atlético as a Defender (Centre back).	Rolão	Castelo Branco
place of birth	Christa Zechmeister (born 4 December 1957 in Berchtesgaden) is a German former alpine skier and the youngest person ever to win a World Cup race, as well as the youngest to stand on the podium.	Christa Zechmeister	Berchtesgaden
place of birth	Lajos Kósa (born March 14, 1964) is a Hungarian economist and politician, who served as Mayor of Debrecen between 1998 and 2014.	Lajos Kósa	Debrecen
place of birth	Olena Burkovska (Ukrainian: Олена Бурковська; born on 9 August 1981 in Yahotyn, Kyiv Region) is Ukrainian long-distance runner who competes in marathons.	Olena Burkovska	Yahotyn
place of birth	Daniela Malusardi (born January 17, 1956 in Nettuno) is an Italian choreographer, teacher and dancer.	Daniela Malusardi	Nettuno
place of birth	Heinz Kiessling studied piano, composition and conducting, after World War II at the Nuremberg Conservatory from 1949 and started his career in 1949 as a pianist and got to play in different concerts around the world.	Heinz Kiessling	Nuremberg
place of birth	Deborah Drever (born August 15, 1988) is a Canadian politician who was elected in the 2015 general election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, representing the electoral district of Calgary-Bow.	Deborah Drever	Calgary
place of birth	Mikko Huhtala (born March 30, 1952 in Lapua) is a Finnish wrestler (Greco-Roman style).	Mikko Huhtala	Lapua
place of birth	Dale Furutani (born December 1, 1946, in Hilo, Hawaii) is the first Asian American to win major mystery writing awards.	Dale Furutani	Hawaii
place of birth	Tsai was born to Gerald Tsai Sr. and Ruth Tsai in Shanghai, where he lived as a child.	Gerald Tsai	Shanghai
place of birth	Srećko Juričić (born 30 December 1954 in Volosko near Opatija) is a former Croatian football player and currently sporting director in HNK Rijeka.	Srećko Juričić	Volosko
place of birth	Elmer Truesdell Merrill (1860 -- 20 April 1936) was an American Latin scholar, born at Millville, Massachusetts.	Elmer Truesdell Merrill	Millville, Massachusetts
place of birth	Ksenia Gaydarzhi (Russian: Ксения Сергеевна Гайдаржи; born 8 February 1995 in Moscow) is a Russian tennis player.	Ksenia Gaydarzhi	Moscow
place of birth	Walter Learning was born in 1938 in the small village of Quidi Vidi in Newfoundland.	Walter Learning	Quidi Vidi
place of birth	Ian Ayre is the current chief executive officer of Liverpool Football Club.	Ian Ayre	Liverpool
place of birth	Anto Jakovljević (born 25 September 1962 in Banja Luka) is a former Bosnian association footballer.	Anto Jakovljević	Banja Luka
place of birth	Lysimachus and his brothers grew up with the status of Macedonians; all these brothers enjoyed with Lysimachus prominent positions in Alexander's circle and, like him, were educated at the Macedonian court in Pella.	Lysimachus	Pella
place of birth	Mohamed Bouhizeb (Arabic: محمد بوحيزب‎; born in Oran) is a former Algerian football player.	Mohamed Bouhizeb	Oran
place of birth	Leo Rubinfien (born 1953, Chicago, Illinois) is an American photographer and essayist.	Leo Rubinfien	Chicago
place of birth	Cédric Berthelin (born 25 December 1976 in Courrières) is a retired French football player who last played with Oostende in the Belgian Pro League.	Cédric Berthelin	Courrières
place of birth	Mark Hilditch (born 20 August 1960 in Shaw and Crompton, Lancashire) is a former English footballer who played as a striker.	Mark Hilditch	Shaw and Crompton
place of birth	Eduard Herzog (August 1, 1841 -- March 26, 1924) was a Swiss Catholic theologian and cleric who was a native of Schongau, Canton Lucerne.	Eduard Herzog	Schongau
place of birth	Irene Marie (born August 22, 1950 in Miami Beach, Florida) is a former fashion model and founder of the eponymous South Beach model agency Irene Marie Models.	Irene Marie	Miami Beach
place of birth	Thierry Marx was born and raised in Paris in the area of Ménilmontant.	Thierry Marx	Paris
place of birth	Odilon Redon was born in Bordeaux, Aquitaine, to a prosperous family.	Odilon Redon	Bordeaux
place of birth	Afroditi Krassa (born 1974) is a British Product Designer and Interior Designer and founded her own design consultancy Afroditi Krassa LTD in 2002 in London.	Afroditi Krassa	London
place of birth	Thomas Dos Santos, born 13 March 1992 in Bayonne, France is a French-Portuguese professional footballer.	Thomas Dos Santos	Bayonne
place of birth	Tisca Chopra was born in Kasauli, Himachal Pradesh into a Punjabi family of educationists.	Tisca Chopra	Kasauli
place of birth	Peter Bernhard Wilhelm Heine, better known as Wilhelm (or William) Heine (January 30, 1827 in Dresden -- October 5, 1885 in Lößnitz bei Dresden) was a German-American artist, world traveller and writer.	Wilhelm Heine	Dresden
place of birth	In Sodavid (born 2 July 1998) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Phnom Penh Crown in Cambodian League.	In Sodavid	Phnom Penh
place of birth	Riad Ahmadov graduated from the Baku State University Law School with honors (Cum Laude)in 1979.	Riad Ahmadov	Baku
place of birth	Riadh Sidaoui (رياض الصيداوي) (born in Bou Hajla, 14 May 1967) is a Tunisian writer and political scientist who has a Swiss nationality.	Riadh Sidaoui	Bou Hajla
place of birth	Allama Muztar Abbasi (Born 1931 in Murree - Died 26 February 2004 in Islamabad) was a Pakistani Muslim scholar belonged to the Dhund Abbasi tribe of the Murree Hills Musyari and Rawalpindi District.	Muztar Abbasi	Murree
place of birth	Susanne Wenger was born as the daughter of Swiss and Austrian parents, attended the School of Applied Arts in Graz and the Higher Graphical Federal Education and Research Institute and then studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alongside, among others, Herbert Boeckl.	Susanne Wenger	Graz
place of birth	Black Radical Mk II (born Felix Joseph 1971) is a British hip hop artist from Tottenham, London, England.	Black Radical Mk II	Tottenham
place of birth	Mario Tronti (born 24 July 1931, in Rome) is an Italian philosopher and politician, considered as one of the founders of the theory of operaismo in the 1960s.	Mario Tronti	Rome
place of birth	Wolfgang Seifen (born 1956, in Bergheim) is a German organist and composer.	Wolfgang Seifen	Bergheim
place of birth	Saint Honestus (Spanish: San Honesto, French: Saint Honest) was, according to Christian tradition, a disciple of Saturninus of Toulouse and a native of Nîmes.	Saint Honestus	Nîmes
place of birth	Karim Essediri (Arabic: كريم السديري‎) (born 29 July 1979 in Paris) is a Tunisia former international footballer.	Karim Essediri	Paris
place of birth	Born Henry Beston Sheahan in Boston, he grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts with his parents, Dr. Joseph Sheahan and Marie Louise (Maurice) Beston Sheahan, and brother George.	Henry Beston	Boston
place of birth	Antônio Carlos Jobim was born in the middle-class district of Tijuca in Rio de Janeiro.	Antônio Carlos Jobim	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Cindy Fabre (born 26 September 1985 in Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire, Nièvre) is a French beauty queen who has competed at the Miss Europe, Miss Universe, and Miss World pageants.	Cindy Fabre	Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire
place of birth	Christian Alexander (born Christian Ivanov Ivanov, April 14, 1990 in Athens) is a Bulgarian-American actor, best known for his role as Kiefer Bauer on the American daytime drama General Hospital.	Christian Alexander	Athens
place of birth	Harold Jarman (born May 4, 1939 in Bristol, England) is a former professional footballer and first-class cricketer, who played for Bristol Rovers, Newport County and Gloucestershire County Cricket Club.	Harold Jarman	Bristol
place of birth	George Thorogood (born February 24, 1950) is an American musician, singer and songwriter from Wilmington, Delaware.	George Thorogood	Wilmington
place of birth	Artur Szpilka, who used to be a fan of Polish football team Wisła Kraków, was noticed as a potential natural boxing talent by a boxing coach during a pre-arranged brawl with fans of the opposing KS Cracovia football club outside a disco in Wieliczka.	Artur Szpilka	Wieliczka
place of birth	Sergey Snegov (Russian: Серге́й Алекса́ндрович Сне́гов) (20 August 1910, Odessa -- 23 February 1994), real surname Kozeryuk (Russian: Козерюк), was a Soviet science fiction writer.	Sergey Snegov	Odessa
place of birth	Lieutenant Roméo Sabourin (January 1, 1923, Montreal, Quebec - September 14, 1944, Weimar, Thuringia, Germany) was a Canadian soldier and spy during World War II. Sabourin joined the Canadian Army, serving in the Canadian Intelligence Corps.	Roméo Sabourin	Montreal
place of birth	Vladan Giljen, born in Nikšić, is the son of Pero Giljen who was a goalkeeper of FK Sutjeska Nikšić, where Vladan also started his career.	Vladan Giljen	Nikšić
place of birth	Aris Maliagros (Greek: Άρης Μαλιαγρός; also Aris Malliagros; 17 August 1895, Argostoli, Kefalonia -- 18 December 1984) was a Greek actor who played several aristocratic roles.	Aris Maliagros	Argostoli
place of birth	Jennifer Walcott (born May 8, 1977 in Youngstown, Ohio) is an American glamour model and actress best known as Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for August 2001.	Jennifer Walcott	Youngstown
place of birth	Ghanim Bin Saad Al Saad (Arabic: غانم بن سعد ال سعد born 23 August 1964 in Doha, Qatar) is a Qatari business leader and the Chairman of GSSG Holdings, a family business diversified into dozens of sectors and companies.	Ghanim Bin Saad Al Saad	Doha
place of birth	Mohamed Chafik (born 17 September 1926 in Sefrou) is a Moroccan writer and specialist in Berber language and literature.	Mohamed Chafik	Sefrou
place of birth	Dave Lieberman (born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is the host of the Food Network series Good Deal with Dave Lieberman.	Dave Lieberman	Philadelphia
place of birth	Di Botcher is a Welsh actress born in Port Talbot.	Di Botcher	Port Talbot
place of birth	Masha Novoselova (Maria Novoselova, Маша Новоселова; born 31 January 1985 in Tula, Soviet Union) is a Russian fashion model, considered one of the Russian Supermodels of recent years.	Masha Novoselova	Tula
place of birth	Anvarjon Soliev (born 5 February 1978 in Turakurgan of Namangan region) is an Uzbekistani football striker, playing for Uzbek side Pakhtakor Tashkent.	Anvarjon Soliev	Namangan
place of birth	Victor Simões, full name Victor Simões de Oliveira (born March 23, 1981, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for FC Goa in the Indian Super League.	Victor Simões	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Moncef Dhouib (Arabic: المنصف ذويب ‎) (born 1952 in Sfax) is a Tunisian film director, actor, screenwriter and producer and puppeteer.	Moncef Dhouib	Sfax
place of birth	Natan Yonatan was born Nathan Klein, in Kiev in the Ukraine in 1923.	Natan Yonatan	Kiev
place of birth	Maryse Gaudreault (born July 6, 1959 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Quebec provincial politician.	Maryse Gaudreault	Quebec City
place of birth	He was born in Moncton, New Brunswick, the son of Peter McSweeney, an Irish immigrant, and Joanna Downing.	Peter McSweeney	Moncton
place of birth	Richard Sukuta-Pasu (born 24 June 1990 in Wuppertal) is a German football striker of Congolese descent who plays for Energie Cottbus.	Richard Sukuta-Pasu	Wuppertal
place of birth	Diamanto Manolakou (Greek: Διαμάντω Μανωλάκου; born 1 March 1959, Piraeus) is a Greek politician.	Diamanto Manolakou	Piraeus
place of birth	Zhivko Dinev was raised in Sliven's youth teams.	Zhivko Dinev	Sliven
place of birth	Jane Harvey (January 6, 1925, Jersey City, New Jersey as Phyllis Taff -- August 15, 2013) was an American jazz singer, known for recording many tracks with famous musicians Duke Ellington and Benny Goodman during the 1940s.	Jane Harvey	Jersey City
place of birth	Mark Aronoff (/ˈærənɑːf/), a native of Montreal, Quebec, is a morphologist and distinguished professor at Stony Brook University.	Mark Aronoff	Montreal
place of birth	Lara Belmont (born 1980 in Oxford, Oxfordshire) is a British actress, most famous for her role as Jessie in the 1999 film The War Zone.	Lara Belmont	Oxford
place of birth	Brad Galli (born 1989 in Troy, Michigan) is a sports reporter for WXYZ-TV in Detroit.	Brad Galli	Detroit
place of birth	Gro Marit Istad Kristiansen (born February 9, 1978) is a retired Norwegian biathlete from Voss.	Gro Marit Istad Kristiansen	Voss
place of birth	Aydoğan Vatandaş (born 1974) is an investigative journalist from Turkey, specializing in Political Science and International Relations.	Aydoğan Vatandaş	Turkey
place of birth	Udo Dziersk (born Gelsenkirchen, 1961) is a contemporary German painter.	Udo Dziersk	Gelsenkirchen
place of birth	Hamad Al Fardan (Arabic: حامد الفردن‎; born June 29, 1987 in Manama), also known as The Mystro, is a Bahraini racing driver and musician.	Hamad Al Fardan	Manama
place of birth	Pierre Mores (born 21 April 1950 in Esch-sur-Alzette) is a Luxembourgish politician, jurist, and administrator.	Pierre Mores	Esch-sur-Alzette
place of birth	David Bonneville (Porto, 1978) is a London-based film director and screenwriter.	David Bonneville	Porto
place of birth	Gojko Ivković (Serbian Cyrillic: Гojкo Ивкoвић ;born 20 May 1990 in Kragujevac) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for Lysekloster.	Gojko Ivković	Kragujevac
place of birth	Angela Vautour (born April 10, 1960 in Rexton, New Brunswick) is a former Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Beauséjour--	Angela Vautour	Rexton, New Brunswick
place of birth	Maribelle (born Marie Kwakman; 4 April 1960 in Volendam) is a Dutch singer, best known for her participation in the 1984 Eurovision Song Contest.	Maribelle	Volendam
place of birth	Vesta M. Roy (March 26, 1925 -- February 8, 2002) was a Republican New Hampshire politician, born in Dearborn, Michigan.	Vesta M. Roy	Dearborn
place of birth	James Galea is an Australian magician and actor based in Sydney and Los Angeles.	James Galea	Sydney
place of birth	Chet Zar (born November 12, 1967 in San Pedro, California) is an American artist notable for his dark visual art, make-up effects, and digital animation.	Chet Zar	San Pedro
place of birth	A Buford Pusser Festival is held each May in his hometown of Adamsville, Tennessee.	Buford Pusser	Adamsville
place of birth	Simon Price (born 25 September 1967, Barry, Wales) is a British music journalist and author.	Simon Price	Barry
place of birth	Musa Eroğlu (born 1946, Göksu, Mut (Kravga) in Mersin Province) is a Turkish folk musician and bağlama virtuoso.	Musa Eroğlu	Mut
place of birth	Volodymyr Kozhukhar (born 1941) is a Ukrainian conductor, born in Vinnytsia.	Volodymyr Kozhukhar	Vinnytsia
place of birth	Torsten Wohlert (born December 10, 1965 in Travemünde) is a German former footballer.	Torsten Wohlert	Travemünde
place of birth	Reza Khodadadi (Persian in رضا خدادادی born Ardabil),lives and works in Tehran.	Reza Khodadadi	Ardabil
place of birth	Chris Hawkins (born 23 September 1975, in Loppington, Shropshire, England) is a presenter, performance DJ, reporter, journalist, producer, and music pundit.	Chris Hawkins	Loppington
place of birth	Elly Lefort (born November 4, 1987 in Saint-Nazaire) is a French and Monegasque bobsledder.	Elly Lefort	Saint-Nazaire
place of birth	Uendel Pereira Gonçalves, better known as Uendel (born October 8, 1988 in Araranguá) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as left back for Corinthians.	Uendel Pereira Gonçalves	Araranguá
place of birth	Eva Rorandelli (born in Florence, June 17, 1977) is a contemporary Italian artist, video producer and model.	Eva Rorandelli	Florence
place of birth	Rodrigo Fernandes Alflen or simply Rodrigão (born June 14, 1978 in Santos) is a Brazilian striker who plays for Independente.	Rodrigo Fernandes Alflen	Santos
place of birth	Hilmar Wäckerle (24 November 1899 in Forchheim -- 2 July 1941 near Lemberg) was a German soldier in both the German Imperial Army and the Waffen-SS and the first commandant of Dachau concentration camp.	Hilmar Wäckerle	Forchheim
place of birth	Baron Charles Tombeur de Tabora, born Charles Tombeur (Liège, 4 May 1867 -- Brussels, 2 December 1947), was a Belgian general who commanded the Force Publique in the Belgian Congo during World War I. He captured Tabora after some heavy fighting on 19 September 1916.	Charles Tombeur	Liège
place of birth	Alexander Anoprienko is a Professor of the Computer Engineering Department of the Donetsk National Technical University (DonNTU).	Alexander Anoprienko	Donetsk
place of death	Zygmunt Chychła (5 November 1926 in Gdańsk - 26 September 2009 in Hamburg) was a Polish boxer.	Zygmunt Chychła	Hamburg
place of death	Henri Alekan (10 February 1909, Paris -- 15 June 2001, Auxerre, Bourgogne) was a French cinematographer.	Henri Alekan	Auxerre
place of death	Igino Giordani (Hyginus Giordani), Italian politician, writer and journalist, was born September 24, 1894 at Tivoli, died at Rocca di Papa on April 18, 1980.	Igino Giordani	Rocca di Papa
place of death	Calvin John Ward was born on October 30, in 1899 in Greene County, Tennessee and lived in Morristown, Tennessee.	Calvin John Ward	Tennessee
place of death	Guy Big (c. 1946 - 2 May 1978 at Toronto) was the stage name of Alan Hoffman, a Canadian actor.	Guy Big	Toronto
place of death	Mastino I della Scala (died 17 October 1277), born Leonardo or Leonardino, was an Italian condottiero, who founded the Scaliger house of Lords of Verona.	Mastino I della Scala	Verona
place of death	Ernst Degner (born Ernst Eugen Wotzlawek on 22 September 1931 in Gleiwitz, Upper Silesia, Germany - died 10 September 1983 in Arona, Tenerife, Spain) was a German professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Ernst Degner	Arona, Tenerife
place of death	Anne du Bourg (1521, Riom -- December 23, 1559, Paris) was a French magistrat, nephew of the chancellor Antoine du Bourg.	Anne du Bourg	Paris
place of death	Catharine Van Valkenburg Waite (1829 Dumfries, New Brunswick, Canada - November 1913 Chicago) was a United States author, lawyer and women's suffrage activist.	Catharine Van Valkenburg Waite	Chicago
place of death	Ludwig Georg Courvoisier (10 November 1843 -- 8 April 1918) was a surgeon from Basel, Switzerland.	Ludwig Georg Courvoisier	Basel
place of death	Thomas Hakon Grönwall or Thomas Hakon Gronwall (January 16, 1877 in Dylta bruk, Sweden -- May 9, 1932 in New York City, New York) was a Swedish mathematician.	Thomas Hakon Grönwall	New York City
place of death	At the age of twelve Persius came to Rome, where he was taught by Remmius Palaemon and the rhetor Verginius Flavus.	Persius	Rome
place of death	William Clarke Wontner (17 January 1857 Stockwell, Surrey - 23 September 1930 Worcester), was an English portrait painter steeped in Academic Classicism and Romantic.	William Clarke Wontner	Worcester
place of death	Admiral Robert Roddam died at Morpeth on 31 March 1808.	Robert Roddam	Morpeth
place of death	Karl Wessely (Carl Wessely; 27 June 1860, Vienna -- 21 November 1931) was an Austrian palaeographer and papyrus scholar.	Karl Wessely	Vienna
place of death	Joan Riudavets was born in Es Migjorn Gran, Minorca, and lived there for his entire life.	Joan Riudavets	Es Migjorn Gran	Minorca
place of death	Ludwig Philippson (28 December 1811, at Dessau -- 29 December 1889, at Bonn) was a German rabbi and author, the son of Moses Philippson.	Ludwig Philippson	Bonn
place of death	Stefan Drzewiecki (July 26, 1844 in Kunka, Podolia, Russian Empire (today Ukraine, formerly Polish--Lithuanian Commonwealth) -- April 23, 1938 in Paris) was a Polish scientist, journalist, engineer, constructor and inventor, working in France, and in the Russian Empire during the partitions of Poland.	Stefan Drzewiecki	Paris
place of death	Josef Nešvera (Praskolesy (Beroun District), 1842-Olomouc, 1914) was a Czech opera composer.	Josef Nešvera	Olomouc
place of death	Ludwig Pfandl (22 September 1881, Rosenheim -- 27 June 1942, Kaufbeuren) was a German biographer, Hispanist and Romance studies scholar.	Ludwig Pfandl	Kaufbeuren
place of death	Juliane Giovane (21 December 1766, Würzburg--August 1805, Budapest), was a German lady in waiting for Queen Maria Caroline of the Habsburg-Lorraine house, and a writer.	Juliane Giovane	Budapest
place of death	Fra' Nicolas Cotoner (Nicolau Cotoner i d'Olesa; 1608, Mallorca -- 1680, Malta) was the 61st Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta, between 1663 and 1680.	Nicolas Cotoner	Malta
place of death	Gaetano Cima (Cagliari, 1805 -- Cagliari, 1878) was an Italian architect, exponent of the neoclassical movement.	Gaetano Cima	Cagliari
place of death	Adam Ludwig Lewenhaupt (15 April 1659, Copenhagen -- 12 February 1719 Moscow) was a Swedish general.	Adam Ludwig Lewenhaupt	Moscow
place of death	Menahem Azariah da Fano (also called Immanuel da Fano, and Rema MiPano) (1548, Fano -- Mantua, 1620) was an Italian rabbi, Talmudist, and Kabbalist.	Menahem Azariah da Fano	Mantua
place of death	Willem van den Blocke moved on 18 June 1584 to Danzig (Gdańsk), the center of the Vistula delta Mennonites, carrying with him a recommendation by Stephen Báthory, the king of Poland.	Willem van den Blocke	Gdańsk
place of death	Necdet Öztorun (1924, Konya - 7 October 2010, Ankara) was a Turkish general.	Necdet Öztorun	Ankara
place of death	Giovanni Gaetano Bottari (15 January 1689, Florence -- 5 June 1775, Rome) was Vatican librarian and counsellor to Pope Clement XII.	Giovanni Gaetano Bottari	Rome
place of death	Thomas Taggart (November 17, 1856 -- March 6, 1929) was a U.S. political figure, serving as mayor of Indianapolis and influential in state and national politics.	Thomas Taggart	Indianapolis
place of death	Billy Waters (c. 1778--1823) was a black man who busked in London in the nineteenth century by singing, playing the violin and entertaining theatre goers with his ``peculiar antics''.	Billy Waters	London
place of death	Luciano Frigerio (Desio, 21 May 1928 -- Sanremo April 11, 1999), was a designer, artist and Italian musician.	Luciano Frigerio	Sanremo
place of death	Alfred Laliberté (19 May 1878 - 13 January 1953) was a Canadian sculptor and painter based in Montreal.	Alfred Laliberté	Montreal
place of death	Salvatore Sabella (July 7, 1891 -- 1962) was the Sicilian Mafia boss of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania during the 1920s.	Salvatore Sabella	Philadelphia
place of death	Lorenzo De Ferrari (14 November 1680 -- 28 July 1744) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his native city of Genoa.	Lorenzo De Ferrari	Genoa
place of death	Dean Benjamin McLaughlin (born October 25, 1901, Brooklyn, Queens, New York CIty; died December 8, 1965, Ann Arbor, Michigan, US) was an American astronomer.	Dean Benjamin McLaughlin	Ann Arbor
place of death	Adolfo Leoni (Gualdo Tadino, 13 January 1917 -- Massa, 19 October 1970) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Adolfo Leoni	Massa
place of death	Johannes Hintz was injured in a car-accident on 14 May 1944 in Paris and died on 21 May 1944.	Johannes Hintz	Paris
place of death	Federico Rauch (né Friedrich Rauch 1786-1829) was a colonel of Argentina.	Federico Rauch	Argentina
place of death	Juan Hipólito Vieytes (San Antonio de Areco, Buenos Aires Province, 6 August 1762 -- San Fernando, Argentina, 5 October 1815), was an Argentine merchant and soldier.	Hipólito Vieytes	Buenos Aires
place of death	Maurice Bellonte (Méru, Oise, 25 October 1896 -- Paris, 14 January 1983) was a French aviator who set flight distance records.	Maurice Bellonte	Paris
place of death	A native of Vezišće (part of Križ), the young Trnina (usually referred to as Milka Ternina in English-speaking countries) studied singing privately with Ida Winterberg in Zagreb and then with Joseph Gänsbacher at the conservatory in Vienna, graduating from his class in 1883 with a gold medal.	Milka Ternina	Zagreb
place of death	Antonio Segura (June 13, 1947 in Valencia -- January 31, 2012) was a Spanish comics writer.	Antonio Segura	Valencia
place of death	Edmund Leser (1 May 1853, Münster -- 11 December 1916, Frankfurt am Main) was a German surgeon remembered for describing the Leser-Trélat sign (named with Ulysse Trélat- 1828-1890).	Edmund Leser	Frankfurt
place of death	Koloman Wallisch (born 28 February 1889 in Lugosch, Austria-Hungary, today Lugoj, Romania; died 19 February 1934 in Leoben, Austria) was a socialist labor leader in Austria.	Koloman Wallisch	Leoben
place of death	Gerhard Thurow (2 November 1934 -- 11 April 1976 in Tilburg) was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Germany.	Gerhard Thurow	Tilburg
place of death	Jacqueline Auriol (November 5, 1917, Challans, Vendée -- February 11, 2000, Paris) was a French aviator who set several world speed records.	Jacqueline Auriol	Paris
place of death	John Henry Raap (August 1, 1840 -- April 23, 1897) was an entrepreneur and wholesale liquor retailer in Chicago in the 19th century.	John Henry Raap	Chicago
place of death	Anton Oberbeck (March 25, 1846 -- October 23, 1900) was a German physicist from Berlin.	Anton Oberbeck	Berlin
place of death	Ernst Adolf Coccius (September 19, 1825 -- November 24, 1890) was a German ophthalmologist who was a native of Knauthain, which today is part of the city of Leipzig.	Ernst Adolf Coccius	Leipzig
place of death	Hans von Arnim (14 September 1859, Groß Fredenwalde -- 26 May 1931, Vienna) was a German-Austrian classical philologist, who specialized in studies of Plato and Aristotle.	Hans von Arnim	Vienna
place of death	Jean-Joseph Weerts (1 May 1846, Roubaix - 28 Septembre 1927, Paris) was a French painter of Belgian origin who worked in the Academic style.	Jean-Joseph Weerts	Paris
place of death	Gaston Baty (May 26, 1885, Pélussin, Loire -- October 13, 1952), whose full name was Jean-Baptiste-Marie-Gaston Baty, was a French playwright and director.	Gaston Baty	Loire
place of death	Alice of Norfolk died at Bungay, Suffolk, shortly before 30 January 1352, as the result of an assault by her husband, for which crime he and some of his retainers were indicted.	Alice of Norfolk	Bungay
place of death	Giulio Cesare Corradi (Parma, c.1650 - Venice, 1701 or 1702) was an Italian opera librettist.	Giulio Cesare Corradi	Venice
place of death	Anton Reichenow (August 1, 1847 in Charlottenburg -- July 6, 1941 in Hamburg) was a German ornithologist and herpetologist.	Anton Reichenow	Hamburg
place of death	Pedro Diez Canseco Corbacho (January 31, 1815 in Arequipa, Peru -- April 3, 1893 in Chorrillos, Peru) was a Peruvian soldier and politician who became interim President of Peru on three occasions: 1863, 1865 and 1868.	Pedro Diez Canseco	Chorrillos
place of death	Ādolfs Skulte (Kiev, October 28, 1909 -- Riga, March 20, 2000) was a Latvian composer and pedagogue.	Ādolfs Skulte	Riga
place of death	Artur Beul (born 9 December 1915, Einsiedeln, Switzerland -- died 9 January 2010, Küsnacht) was a Swiss songwriter.	Artur Beul	Küsnacht
place of death	Born in Long Island, Win Coates was a photojournalist who worked in the United States, Nicaragua, and India.	Win Coates	Long Island
place of death	Moritz Wagner (Bayreuth, 3 October 1813 -- Munich, 31 May 1887) was a German explorer, collector, geographer and natural historian.	Moritz Wagner	Munich
place of death	Ian Hogbin was born in Bawtry, Yorkshire, England and died at Potts Point, Sydney, Australia.	Ian Hogbin	Sydney
place of death	Eduard Eelma was arrested by NKVD in Tallinn in summer 1941, sentenced to death and executed in a prison in Kirov on 16 November 1941.	Eduard Eelma	Kirov
place of death	Pierre Schneiter was born in Reims, elder son of Charles Albert Schneiter, a vintner, and Jeanne Marie Alice Sart.	Pierre Schneiter	Reims
place of death	Eduardo González Valiño, nicknamed Chacho (born 14 April 1911 in A Coruña; died 21 October 1979 in A Coruña) was a Spanish association footballer.	Eduardo González Valiño	A Coruña
place of death	Ajita Wilson (1950? -- May 26, 1987 in Rome, Italy) was an American actress who starred in European exploitation and hardcore films in the 1970s and 1980s.	Ajita Wilson	Rome
place of death	Wacław Berent (Warsaw, 28 September 1878 -- 19 November or 22 November 1940, Warsaw) was a Polish novelist, essayist and a literary translator from the Art Nouveau period, publishing under pen names S.A.M. and Wł.	Wacław Berent	Warsaw
place of death	Columbano Bordalo Pinheiro (Lisbon, 21 November 1857 -- Lisbon, 6 November 1929), who is usually referred to as Columbano, was a Portuguese Realist painter.	Columbano Bordalo Pinheiro	Lisbon
place of death	Aage Eriksen (born May 5, 1917 in Notodden, died June 17, 1998 in Notodden, Telemark) was a Norwegian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Aage Eriksen	Notodden
place of death	Professor Marcus Hartog died in Paris on 21 January 1924.	Marcus Hartog	Paris
place of death	Doriano Romboni (8 December 1968 in Lerici, Italy -- 30 November 2013 in Latina, Italy) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Doriano Romboni	Latina
place of death	José Américo de Almeida (January 10, 1887, in Areia -- March 10, 1980, in João Pessoa) was a Brazilian writer, a politician, a lawyer and a teacher.	José Américo de Almeida	João Pessoa
place of death	J. Maurice Reymond de Broutelles (or just Maurice Reymond, sometimes also given as ``de Brouteilles'', April 25, 1862 -- November 17, 1936) was a Swiss sculptor, painter, and engraver who worked in Paris, France.	Maurice Reymond de Broutelles	Paris
place of death	Robert Weltsch (20 June 1891, Prague -- 22 December 1982, Jerusalem) was a journalist, editor and prominent Zionist.	Robert Weltsch	Jerusalem
place of death	Ettore Modigliani (Rome, 20 December 1873 -- Milan, 22 June 1947) was an Italian functionary.	Ettore Modigliani	Milan
place of death	While travelling from Rome to Mantua, James of Portugal fell ill and died in Florence on August 15, 1459, at the age of twenty-six.	James of Portugal	Florence
place of death	The church of Santi Giovanni e Paolo in Rome was founded either by Pammachius or his father.	Pammachius	Rome
place of death	Renzo Zorzi (12 December 1946, Ziano di Fiemme-- 15 May 2015, Magenta, Lombardy) was a racing driver from Italy who participated in 7 Formula One Grands Prix between 1975 and 1977.	Renzo Zorzi	Magenta
place of death	John M. Coyne Sr. (November 11, 1916 -- July 21, 2014) was the mayor of Brooklyn, Ohio from 1948 to 1999.	John M. Coyne	Brooklyn, Ohio
place of death	Vicent Andrés Estellés (Valencian pronunciation: (biˈsɛn anˈdɾes esteˈʎes)) (4 September 1924 in Burjassot, Valencia -- 27 March 1993 in Valencia) was a Spanish journalist and poet.	Vicent Andrés Estellés	Valencia
place of death	Luca della Robbia (1399/1400--1482) was an Italian sculptor from Florence, noted for his glazed terracotta roundels, in a technique he apparently developed himself.	Luca della Robbia	Florence
place of death	Gérard Bessette (Sainte-Anne-de-Sabrevois, Quebec, 25 February 1920 -- Kingston, Ontario, 21 February 2005) was a French Canadian writer and educator.	Gérard Bessette	Kingston
place of death	Nat Shapiro (September 27, 1922, New York City - December 15, 1983, New York City) was an American jazz writer and record producer.	Nat Shapiro	New York City
place of death	Thomas Weelkes was, by this time, reinstated at Chichester Cathedral, but appeared to be spending a great deal of time in London.	Thomas Weelkes	London
place of death	In 1893 Émile Nouguier resigns from the Gustave Eiffel Entreprise and becomes co-president of the Nouguier, Kessler et Cie Company in Argenteuil, Île-de-France.	Émile Nouguier	Argenteuil
place of death	Henri-François Riesener (19 October 1767 in Paris -- 7 February 1828 in Paris) was a French portrait painter and miniaturist.	Henri-François Riesener	Paris
place of death	Francis Hindes Groome (30 August 1851 in Monk Soham, Suffolk - 24 January 1902 in London), son of Robert Hindes Groome Archdeacon of Suffolk.	Francis Hindes Groome	London
place of death	Marc Athanase Parfait Œillet des Murs (Paris, 18 April 1804 -- Nogent-le-Rotrou, 25 February 1894) was a French amateur ornithologist and local politician and historian.	Marc Athanase Parfait Œillet des Murs	Nogent-le-Rotrou
place of death	Ugo Gobbato (Volpago del Montello, 16 July 1888 -- Milan, 28 April 1945) was an Italian engineer and Managing Director of Alfa Romeo between 1933 to 1945.	Ugo Gobbato	Milan
place of death	Abbé Alexandre-Auguste Robineau (23 April 1747, Paris - 13 January 1828, Paris) was a French painter, composer, violinist, conductor, and Catholic priest.	Abbé Alexandre-Auguste Robineau	Paris
place of death	Hans Collaert or Jan Collaert I or Johannes Collaert (c. 1525/1530 -- 1580) was an early Flemish engraver, father of the engravers Jan Collaert II (Antwerp 1561 - 1620/1628) and Adrian Collaert (Antwerp c1555/65 - 1618).	Hans Collaert	Antwerp
place of death	Antoine-Martin Chaumont de La Galaizière (22 January 1697, Namur - 3 October 1783, Paris), marquis de La Galaizière, chancellor of Lorraine, was a French nobleman active at the court of Lorraine.	Antoine-Martin Chaumont de La Galaizière	Paris
place of death	Adolf Schreyer (July 9, 1828 Frankfurt-am-Main -- July 29, 1899 Kronberg im Taunus) was a German painter, associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.	Adolf Schreyer	Kronberg im Taunus
place of death	Yitzhak Gruenbaum (Polish: Izaak Grünbaum, Hebrew and Yiddish: יצחק גרינבוים, born 1879 died 1970) was a noted leader of the Zionist movement among Polish Jewry between the two world wars and of the Yishuv in Mandatory Palestine, and the first Interior Minister of Israel.	Yitzhak Gruenbaum	Israel
place of death	Étienne Buffet (Marie Étienne Pierre Paul Aimé Buffet) was born in Paris on 5 June 1866 and died in Paris on 3 December 1948.	Étienne Buffet	Paris
place of death	William Dunkel (born New Jersey 26 March 1893, died Kilchberg, ZH 10 September 1980) was a Swiss architect and painter.	William Dunkel	Kilchberg
place of death	Sidney Parsons (c. 1893 -- April 22, 1955) was a Canadian politician, mayor of Edmonton, Alberta, and candidate for election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.	Sidney Parsons	Edmonton
place of death	Anna Ida Birgit Åkesson, born March 24, 1908 in Malmö, died March 24, 2001 in Stockholm, was a choreographer, dancer and dance researcher.	Birgit Åkesson	Stockholm
place of death	Bon-Claude Cahier de Gerville (30 November 1751, Bayeux -- 15 February 1796, Bayeux) was a notable figure in the French Revolution.	Bon-Claude Cahier de Gerville	Bayeux
place of death	Pierre Jamet (21 April 1893 in Orléans -- 17 June 1991 in Gargilesse-Dampierre) was a French harpist and pedagogue.	Pierre Jamet	Gargilesse-Dampierre
place of death	Shoghi Effendi's death came unexpectedly in London, on 4 November 1957, as he was travelling to Britain and caught the Asian Flu, during the pandemic which killed two million worldwide, and he is buried there in New Southgate Cemetery.	Shoghi Effendi	London
place of death	Dr. Wilhelm Lautenbach (* August 26 1891 in Zwinge; † May 24 1948 in Davos) was a German official at the Economics Ministry at the beginning of the 1920s.	Wilhelm Lautenbach	Davos
place of death	Frank Debenham, OBE (26 December 1883 -- 23 November 1965) was Emeritus Professor of Geography at the Department of Geography, Cambridge University and first director of the Scott Polar Research Institute.	Frank Debenham	Cambridge
place of death	John Edgar Colwell Hearne (4 February 1926, Montreal, Canada - 12 December 1994, Stony Hill, Jamaica) was a white Jamaican novelist, journalist, and teacher.	John Edgar Colwell Hearne	Canada
place of death	Zdenko Runjić (26 October 1942 -- 27 October 2004) was a Croatian songwriter based in Split.	Zdenko Runjić	Split
place of death	Oton Iveković was born on 17 April 1869 in Klanjec, where he finished elementary school.	Oton Iveković	Klanjec
place of death	Luana Walters (July 22, 1912 - May 19, 1963) was a motion picture actress from Los Angeles, California.	Luana Walters	Los Angeles
place of death	John Gilbert Winant OM (February 23, 1889 -- November 3, 1947) was an American politician with the Republican party after a brief career as a teacher in Concord, New Hampshire.	John Gilbert Winant	Concord
place of death	George Gund II (April 13, 1888 -- November 15, 1966) was an American banker, business executive, and real estate investor who lived in Cleveland, Ohio in the early and middle part of the 20th century.	George Gund II	Cleveland
place of death	Montserrat Roig i Fransitorra (Catalan pronunciation: (munsəˈrat ˈrɔtʃ); Barcelona, June 13, 1946 -- November 10, 1991) was a Spanish writer of novels, short stories and articles.	Montserrat Roig	Barcelona
place of death	Conrad Faber von Kreuznach (born c. 1500 in Kreuznach, Germany; died between 10 September 1552 and 15 May 1553 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German painter and woodcuts designer formerly known as Master of Holzhausen-portraits.	Conrad Faber von Kreuznach	Frankfurt
place of death	Henry Marchant (April 9, 1741 -- August 30, 1796) was American lawyer from Newport, Rhode Island and United States federal judge.	Henry Marchant	Newport
place of death	Hector Giacomelli (April 1, 1822 in Paris -- December 1, 1904 in Menton), was a French watercolorist, engraver and illustrator, best known for his paintings of birds.	Hector Giacomelli	Menton
place of death	Fritz Winter (22 September 1905 in Altenbögge (now part of Bönen) -- 1 October 1976 in Herrsching) was a German painter of the postwar period best known for his abstract works in the Art Informel style.	Fritz Winter	Herrsching
place of death	Adolph Ignatievich Rosner, known as Ady Rosner and also Eddie Rosner (May 26, 1910 in Berlin -- August 8, 1976 in West Berlin) was a Polish and Soviet Jazz musician called ``The White Louis Armstrong'' or ``Polish Louis Armstrong'' in different sources.	Eddie Rosner	Berlin
place of death	In 1984, at age 49, Richard Brautigan had moved to Bolinas, California, where he was living alone in a large, old house that he had bought with his earnings years earlier.	Richard Brautigan	Bolinas, California
place of death	Antoine René Boucher, more commonly known as René Boucher, (1732, Paris, France -- 1811, Paris, France) was a French magistrate and a French revolutionary who served as Mayor of Paris in 1792.	René Boucher	Paris
place of death	Francesco Guardi was born in Venice into a family of nobility from Trentino.	Francesco Guardi	Venice
place of death	Mahir Çayan (15 March 1946 in Samsun - 30 March 1972, Kızıldere) was a Turkish politician and the leader of People's Liberation Party-Front of Turkey (Turkish: Türkiye Halk Kurtuluş Partisi-Cephesi).	Mahir Çayan	Kızıldere
place of death	Emeric Tauss Torday (7 April 1897 in Budapest -- 27 January 1987 in París) was a Hungarian painter trained in Budapest, Prague and Paris known for a number of paintings on display in museums both in Hungary and abroad.	Emeric Tauss Torday	Paris
place of death	Erol Günaydın died on October 15, 2012, in a hospital in Istanbul.	Erol Günaydın	Istanbul
place of death	While Pupienus marched to Ravenna, where he oversaw the campaign against Maximinus, Balbinus remained in Rome, but failed to keep public order.	Balbinus	Rome
place of death	Hanka Ordonówna (born Maria Anna Pietruszyńska; September 25, 1902 in Warsaw -- September 8, 1950 in Beirut) also known as 'Ordonka', was a Polish singer, dancer and actress.	Hanka Ordonówna	Beirut
place of death	Dionýz Ilkovič (18 January 1907 in Šarišský Štiavnik -- 3 August 1980 in Bratislava) was a Slovak physicist and physical chemist.	Dionýz Ilkovič	Bratislava
place of death	Helga M. Novak (pseudonym for Maria Karlsdottir; 8 September 1935 -- 24 December 2013 in Rüdersdorf) was a German-Icelandic writer.	Helga M. Novak	Rüdersdorf
place of death	Giorgio Gandini del Grano (died 1538) was an Italian painter of the Parma school of painting.	Giorgio Gandini del Grano	Parma
place of death	Pietro Mengoli (1626, Bologna -- June 7, 1686, Bologna) was an Italian mathematician and clergyman from Bologna, where he studied with Bonaventura Cavalieri at the University of Bologna, and succeeded him in 1647.	Pietro Mengoli	Bologna
place of death	Khan Shushinski (Azerbaijani: Xan Şuşinski), born Isfandiyar Aslan oglu Javanshir (20 August 1901, Shusha -- 18 March 1979, Baku), was an Azerbaijani khananda folk singer.	Khan Shushinski	Baku
place of death	Georges Jacquot (born in Nancy in 1794, died in Paris in 1874) was a French sculptor of the 19th century.	Georges Jacquot	Paris
place of death	Arnold Marc Gorter (1866, Almelo -- 1933, Amsterdam), was a 19th-century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Arnold Marc Gorter	Amsterdam
place of death	Doug Berrie is a former Scottish footballer who played as a full back for Dundee United and Forfar Athletic.	Doug Berrie	Dundee
place of death	Veikko Aleksanteri Heiskanen (23 July 1895 in Kangaslampi -- 23 October 1971 in Helsinki) was a famous Finnish geodesist.	Veikko Aleksanteri Heiskanen	Helsinki
place of death	Henderson Chambers (May 1, 1908 in Alexandria, Louisiana -- October 19, 1967 in New York City) was an American jazz trombonist.	Henderson Chambers	New York City
place of death	Kurt Eberhard (born September 12, 1874 in Rottweil - died September 8, 1947 in Stuttgart) was a German officer.	Kurt Eberhard	Stuttgart
place of death	Tuomo Mannermaa (b. 29 September 1937 Oulu, Finland; d. 19 January 2015 Espoo, Finland) was professor emeritus of ecumenical theology at University of Helsinki.	Tuomo Mannermaa	Espoo
place of death	Ignaz Bösendorfer (July 28, 1796 -- April 14, 1859) was an Austrian musician and piano manufacturer, who in 1828 founded the Bösendorfer company in Vienna-Josefstadt.	Ignaz Bösendorfer	Vienna
place of death	Ferdinand Hart Nibbrig (1866, Amsterdam -- 1915, Laren), was a Dutch painter and Theosophist.	Ferdinand Hart Nibbrig	Laren
place of death	Arturo Araujo Fajardo (1878 in Suchitoto -- December 1, 1967 in San Salvador) was the president of El Salvador from March 1, 1931 to December 2, 1931.	Arturo Araujo	San Salvador
place of death	Ewald Kooiman (June 14, 1938 in Wormer, North Holland -- January 25, 2009 in Hurghada), was a Dutch organist.	Ewald Kooiman	Hurghada
place of death	Laurens Craen (c. 1620, The Hague -- c.1670, Middelburg), was a Dutch Golden Age still life painter.	Laurens Craen	Middelburg
place of death	Reteos Berberian (Armenian: Ռեթէոս Պէրպէրեան, 1848, Constantinople, Ottoman Turkey -- 1907, Üsküdar, Ottoman Turkey, also Reteos Perperian) was an Armenian educator, pedagogue, principal, writer, poet, and founder of the prestigious Armenian school Berberian Varjaran (school).	Reteos Berberian	Constantinople	Üsküdar
place of death	Lawrence Beyerlinck (April 1578, Antwerp -- 22 June 1627, Antwerp) was a Belgian theologian and ecclesiastical writer and encyclopedist.	Lawrence Beyerlinck	Antwerp
place of death	Muhsin al-Barazi (Arabic: محسن البرازي‎) (Hama, 1904 -- Damascus, 14 August 1949) was a Syrian lawyer, academic and politician.	Muhsin al-Barazi	Damascus
place of death	Pope Felix I (died 30 December 274) was the Bishop of Rome or Pope from 5 January 269 to his death in 274.	Pope Felix I	Rome
place of death	Dagoberto Godoy Fuentealba (July 22, 1893 in Temuco -- September 8, 1960 in Santiago de Chile) was a Chilean pilot and the first person to fly over the Andes.	Dagoberto Godoy	Santiago
place of death	Gerrit Cornelis Berkouwer (8 June 1903, Amsterdam -- 26 January 1996, Voorhout) was for years the leading theologian of the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands (GKN).	Gerrit Cornelis Berkouwer	Voorhout
place of death	William de Vere (died 1198) was Bishop of Hereford and an Augustinian canon.	William de Vere	Hereford
place of death	In 1965 after holding some key positions in Belarusian regions and in Minsk Pyotr Masherov became the first secretary of the Communist party in Belarus.	Pyotr Masherov	Minsk
place of death	John O'Hara died from cardiovascular disease in Princeton, New Jersey, and is interred in the Princeton Cemetery.	John O'Hara	Princeton
place of death	Benedikt Roezl (13 August 1823, Horomeritz (Bohemia, Austrian Empire) - 14 October 1885, Prague) was a traveller, gardener and botanist (sometimes Benedict or Benito Roezl as called by the Indians).	Benedikt Roezl	Prague
place of death	Luigi Dottesio (14 January 1814 in Como -- 11 October 1851 in Venice (then called Venezia)) was an Italian patriot who was very active in the distribution of anti-Austrian pamphlets, before and after 1848.	Luigi Dottesio	Venice
place of death	Sir Henry Harwood died in Goring-on-Thames in 1950.	Henry Harwood	Goring-on-Thames
place of death	Antoine Gouan (15 November 1733 -- 1 September 1821) was a French naturalist who was a native of Montpellier.	Antoine Gouan	Montpellier
place of death	Leopold Kohr (5 October 1909 in Oberndorf bei Salzburg, Austria -- 26 February 1994 in Gloucester, England) was an economist, jurist and political scientist known both for his opposition to the ``cult of bigness'' in social organization and as one of those who inspired the small is beautiful movement.	Leopold Kohr	Gloucester
place of death	Victor Nehlig (1830, Paris -- 1909, New York City) was a French-born American painter.	Victor Nehlig	New York City
place of death	Henry Honychurch Gorringe (August 11, 1841 -- July 7, 1885) was a United States naval officer who attained national acclaim for successfully completing the removal of Cleopatra's Needle from Alexandria, Egypt to Central Park, New York City.	Henry Honychurch Gorringe	New York City
place of death	Orazio Michi ``dell'Arpa'' (also Mihi; Alife, Campania, 1594 -- Rome, 26 October 1641) was an Italian composer, and, as his nickname ``of the harp'' suggests, harpist.	Orazio Michi	Rome
place of death	Marcello Dudovich (21 March 1878 in Trieste -- 31 March 1962 in Milan) was an Italian painter, illustrator, and poster designer.	Marcello Dudovich	Milan
place of death	Georgios Jakobides (Γεώργιος Ιακωβίδης, 11 January 1853 in Lesbos -- 13 December 1932 in Athens) was a painter and one of the main representatives of the Greek artistic movement of the Munich School.	Georgios Jakobides	Athens
place of death	Gustav Stühmer was killed on 16 February 1944 near Narva, Estonia during the Battle of Narva when he used his body to shield his commanding officer Franz Griesbach from grenade splinters.	Gustav Stühmer	Narva
place of death	Hippolyte-Victor Collet-Descotils was a French chemist, born November 21, 1773 in Caen, and died December 6, 1815 in Paris.	Hippolyte-Victor Collet-Descotils	Paris
place of death	Ottokar Domma (pseudonym; properly Otto Häuser) (20 May 1924, Karlovy Vary, Czechoslovakia -- 15 July 2007, Woltersdorf) was a German journalist and writer specialising in satire.	Ottokar Domma	Woltersdorf
place of death	Lucius J. Henderson (1861, Aldo, Illinois - 18 February 1947, New York City) was an American silent film director of the early silent period involved in over 70 film productions.	Lucius J. Henderson	New York City
place of death	Heinrich Bulthaupt (October 26, 1849 -- August 20, 1905) was a German poet, dramatic author, and lawyer, as well as librarian of his native town, Bremen.	Heinrich Bulthaupt	Bremen
place of death	Gustav Karl Laube (8 February 1839, Teplitz -- 12 April 1923, Prague) was a Bohemian German geologist and paleontologist.	Gustav Karl Laube	Prague
place of death	Matko Laginja (August 10, 1852 in Klana near Kastav -- March 18, 1930 in Zagreb) was a Croatian lawyer and politician.	Matko Laginja	Zagreb
place of death	Grigol Orbeliani was born into a prominent aristocratic family in the Georgian capital of Tiflis (Tbilisi), three years after the Russian government deposed the Bagrationi dynasty of Georgia and annexed their kingdom.	Grigol Orbeliani	Tbilisi
place of death	Silja Walter (23 April 1919 -- 31 January 2011) was a Swiss author and Benedictine nun in the Fahr Abbey in Switzerland.	Silja Walter	Fahr Abbey
place of death	Robert Adler died in a Boise, Idaho nursing home of heart failure at age 93 years old.	Robert Adler	Boise
place of death	Michael Annals was born in what was then Harrow, Middlesex (later incorporated into Greater London) on 21 April 1938.	Michael Annals	London
place of death	Kåre Østerdal (1917, Rana, Norway -- 1973) was a Norwegian skier from Nordland.	Kåre Østerdal	Rana
place of death	Cengaver Katrancı (1964 -- October 30, 1972) was a Turkish boy, who lived in West Berlin, in district of Kreuzberg.	Cengaver Katrancı	Berlin
place of death	André Vandernoot (born 2 June 1927, Brussels; died 6 November 1991, Brussels) was a Belgian conductor.	André Vandernoot	Brussels
place of death	Carl Christoffer Gjörwell (the younger) (19 January 1766 Stockholm -- 14 November 1837) was a city architect in Stockholm, Sweden.	Carl Christoffer Gjörwell	Stockholm
place of death	Filippo Scannabecchi (1352 -- c. 1410), known as Lippo di Dalmasio, was an Italian painter from Bologna, a son of Dalmasio Scannabecchi.	Lippo di Dalmasio	Bologna
place of death	Vincent Houška or Hauschka (born Mies, Bohemia: 21 January 1766 -- 1840 in Vienna) was a composer and musician who played mandolin and cello.	Vincent Houška	Vienna
place of death	Vladimir Savčić (born 6 June 1948 in Niš, Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia - died 20 March 2009 in Belgrade, Serbia) was a Serbian singer.	Vladimir Savčić	Belgrade
place of death	Wilmot Redd (aka Wilmot Read and Wilmot Reed) (early 17th century - September 22, 1692) was one of the victims of the Salem witch trials of 1692.	Wilmot Redd	Salem
place of death	Henry Scrope, 3rd Baron Scrope of Masham KG (c.1370 -- 5 August 1415), a favourite of King Henry V, was beheaded on 5 August 1415 for his involvement in the Southampton Plot.	Henry Scrope, 3rd Baron Scrope of Masham	Southampton
place of death	Luigi Scevola (born Brescia, 1770 - died Milan, 1819) was an Italian dramatist.	Luigi Scevola	Milan
place of death	Antoine-George-Prosper Marilhat, usually known as Prosper Marilhat, (26 March 1811, Vertaizon -- 13 September 1847, Paris) was an Orientalist painter.	Prosper Marilhat	Paris
place of death	Melchior Goldast ab Haiminsfeld (Goldastus)(6 January 1576 or 1578 - Gießen, 1635) was a Swiss jurist, and an industrious though uncritical collector of documents relating to the medieval history and constitution of Germany.	Melchior Goldast	Gießen
place of death	Siebe Johannes ten Cate (27 February 1858, Sneek - 19 December 1908, Paris) was a Dutch-Frisian painter in the Impressionist style, who spent most of his working life in France.	Siebe Johannes ten Cate	Paris
place of death	Renato Righetto (January 30, 1921 in Campinas, São Paulo, Brazil -- November 18, 2001 in Campinas, São Paulo, Brazil due to Alzheimer's disease) was a Brazilian basketball referee.	Renato Righetto	Campinas
place of death	Joseph Rusling Meeker (born in Newark, New Jersey, 21 April 1827; died in St. Louis, Missouri, 27 September 1887) was a United States painter.	Joseph Rusling Meeker	St. Louis
place of death	Johann Martin Miller (3 December 1750 in Jungingen -- 21 June 1814 in Ulm) was a German theologian and writer.	Johann Martin Miller	Ulm
place of death	Luciano Pozo González, better known as Chano Pozo (January 7, 1915 in Havana -- December 3, 1948 in New York City) was an Afro-Cuban jazz percussionist, singer, dancer and composer.	Chano Pozo	New York City
place of death	Francesco Ruggieri (Cremona, c. 1630 -- 28 October 1698) (also known as Rugier, Ruggeri, Ruggerius) was perhaps an apprentice of Nicolò Amati, another important luthier in Cremona Italy, although other sources call this association into question.	Francesco Ruggieri	Cremona
place of death	Frans Snyders or Frans Snijders (11 November 1579, Antwerp -- 19 August 1657, Antwerp) was a Flemish painter of animals, hunting scenes, market scenes and still lifes.	Frans Snyders	Antwerp
place of death	Josef Kalousek (April 2, 1838 in Vamberk -- November 22, 1915 in Praha), was a Czech historian, professor of Czech history on Univerzita Karlova in Prague.	Josef Kalousek	Prague
place of death	George Demetrescu Mirea (1852, Câmpulung - 12 December 1934, Bucharest) was a Romanian portrait painter, muralist and art teacher.	George Demetrescu Mirea	Bucharest
place of death	Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar (Tamil: அவிச்சி மெய்யப்ப செட்டியார்; 28 July 1907 -- 12 August 1979), also known as A. V. Meiyappan or AVM, was an Indian film producer, director and philanthropist who established AVM Productions in Vadapalani, Chennai.	A. V. Meiyappan	Chennai
place of death	William G. Bonelli (1895--1970) was a California Republican politician who became a member of the state Board of Equalization who fled to Mexico to avoid arrest on a corruption indictment.	William G. Bonelli	Mexico
place of death	Antoine Brice (26 May 1752, Brussels, then in the Austrian Netherlands -- 23 January 1817, Brussels) was a Belgian painter.	Antoine Brice	Brussels
place of death	Giovanni Battista Sassi (1679 in Milan -- 1762 in Milan) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Milan and other areas of Lombardy, who painted in a late-Baroque or Rococo style.	Giovanni Battista Sassi	Milan
place of death	After Shah Jahan's vassals had been devastated by the alarming expansion of Ahmednagar during the reign of the Nizam Shahi boy-prince Murtaza Shah III, the emperor dispatched Aurangzeb, who in 1636 brought the Nizam Shahi dynasty to an end.	Aurangzeb	Ahmednagar
place of death	Hermann Hugo Paul Haupt (25 November 1858 in Görlitz -- 15 December 1926 in Baltimore, Maryland) was a Semitic scholar, one of the pioneers of Assyriology in the United States.	Paul Haupt	Baltimore
place of death	Jacob Palaeologus, born Giacomo da Chio (Chios, c. 1520 -- Rome, March 23, 1585) was a Dominican friar who renouinced his religious vows and became an antitrinitarian theologian.	Jacob Palaeologus	Rome
place of death	Rita Cetina Gutiérrez (1846--1908) was a Mexican teacher, poet and feminist who promoted secular education in the nineteenth century in Mérida, Yucatán.	Rita Cetina Gutiérrez	Mérida
place of death	Clarence Crane Brinton (Winsted, Connecticut, 1898 - Cambridge, Massachusetts, September 7, 1968) was an American historian of France, as well as an historian of ideas.	Crane Brinton	Massachusetts
place of death	Araceli Gilbert de Blomberg (1913 in Guayaquil, Ecuador -- 1993 in Quito), was an Ecuadorian artist.	Araceli Gilbert	Quito
place of death	David de Haen (1585, Amsterdam -- 1622, Rome), was a Dutch Caravaggesque painter and draughtsman, active in Rome between 1615 and 1622.	David de Haen	Rome
place of death	Giuseppe Avanzi (August 30, 1645 - May 29, 1718) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Ferrara.	Giuseppe Avanzi	Ferrara
place of death	Tito Lusiardo (September 13, 1896 - June 24, 1982 in Buenos Aires) was an iconic Argentine film actor and tango singer of the classic era.	Tito Lusiardo	Buenos Aires
place of death	Frederick Wallace Edwards FRS (28 November 1888 in Fletton, Peterborough -- 15 November 1940 in London), was an English entomologist who specialised in Diptera.	Frederick Wallace Edwards	London
place of death	Francesco Fortugno (Brancaleone, September 15, 1951 -- Locri, October 16, 2005) was an Italian politician and the Vice President of the Regional Assembly of Calabria.	Francesco Fortugno	Locri
place of death	Wenzel Lorenz Reiner (Czech: Václav Vavřinec Reiner; 8 August 1686 or 1689 -- 9 October 1743) was a Baroque painter who lived and died in Prague, Bohemia.	Wenzel Lorenz Reiner	Prague
place of death	Moritz Heyne (June 8, 1837, Weißenfels - March 1, 1906, Göttingen) was a German Germanic linguist (Germanist).	Moritz Heyne	Göttingen
place of death	Prof David George Ritchie (1853--1903) was a Scottish philosopher who had a distinguished university career at Edinburgh, and Balliol College, Oxford, and after being fellow of Jesus College and a tutor at Balliol College was elected professor of logic and metaphysics at St Andrews.	David George Ritchie	St Andrews
place of death	Luigi Silori was born in Rome in 1921, only son.	Luigi Silori	Rome
place of death	Antonio Vallisneri (Trassilico,3 May 1661 -- Padua,18 January 1730) was an Italian medical scientist, physician and naturalist.	Antonio Vallisneri	Padua
place of death	Johannes Jacobus, or J.J. Beijnes (Haarlem,1814 -- Haarlem,1888) was a Dutch businessman and entrepreneur who, along with his brother Antonie Johannes (A.J.) Beijnes, was creditted with growing the Haarlem factory Beijnes into an international manufacturer of train and tram wagons.	J.J. Beijnes	Haarlem
place of death	Joachim Feller (30 November 1638 - 15 April 1691) was a German professor at the University of Leipzig and from 1675 head of its university library.	Joachim Feller	Leipzig
place of death	Thomas Benolt (died 8 May 1534) was a long-serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London.	Thomas Benolt	London
place of death	Peter Henlein (also spelled Henle or Hele) (1485 - August 1542), a locksmith and clockmaker of Nuremberg, Germany, is often considered the inventor of the watch.	Peter Henlein	Nuremberg
place of death	Roger Broders (born Paris, France, 1883, died, Paris, 1953) was a French illustrator and artist best known for his travel posters promoting tourism destinations in France, typically fashionable beaches of the Côte d'Azur and skiing resorts in the French Alps in the early 20th century.	Roger Broders	Paris
place of death	Joseph Charles Bequaert was an American naturalist of Belgian origin, born 24 May 1886 in Torhout (Belgium) and died on 12 January 1982 in Amherst, Massachusetts.	Joseph Charles Bequaert	Amherst
place of death	Nazareno Strampelli (May 29, 1866, Crispiero, Castelraimondo - January 23, 1942, Rome) was an Italian agronomist and plant breeder.	Nazareno Strampelli	Rome
place of death	Jean Gehret (January 10, 1900, Geneva, Switzerland - May 24, 1956, Paris, France) was an actor and director, appearing in a few films directed by Jean Renoir, including La Chienne (1931) and Madame Bovary (1933).	Jean Gehret	Paris
place of death	Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti (4 December 1735, Vienna -- 17 February 1805, Vienna) was an Austrian naturalist and zoologist of Italian origin.	Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti	Vienna
place of death	From the 1940s on, he also worked as a cultural promoter, establishing a number of cultural institutions especially in his home state of Guanajuato including the Museo de Arte Olga Costa - José Chávez Morado, named after himself and his wife, artist Olga Costa.	José Chávez Morado	Guanajuato
place of death	José Adriano Pequito Rebelo (born 21 May 1892 in Gavião, Portugal - died 22 January 1983 in Lisbon) was a Portuguese writer, politician and aviator.	José Adriano Pequito Rebelo	Lisbon
place of death	Giulia Gonzaga joined a convent in Naples in 1535 (at age 22), and there met Juan de Valdés in 1536.	Giulia Gonzaga	Naples
place of death	Julien Duvivier (8 October 1896, Lille -- 29 October 1967, Paris) was a French film director.	Julien Duvivier	Paris
place of death	Jacob Neefs ((alternate spelling of surname: Neeffs and alternative first names: Jakob, Jacques and Jacobus)) (Antwerp, 1610 -- Antwerp, after 1660) was a Flemish etcher, engraver and publisher.	Jacob Neefs	Antwerp
place of death	Henri Konow was born on 7 February 1862 in Copenhagen, Denmark, the son of the diplomat and ship-owner Hans Jacob Hesselberg Konow and Ida Marie West.	Henri Konow	Copenhagen
place of death	Marlinde Massa (7 July 1944; Stuttgart--2 July 2014) was a German field hockey player.	Marlinde Massa	Stuttgart
place of death	Marcello Venusti (1512/5 -- 15 October 1579) was an Italian Mannerist painter active in Rome in mid 16th century.	Marcello Venusti	Rome
place of death	Heinrich Pudor (Aug 31, 1865 in Loschwitz (near Dresden) -- Dec. 22 1943 in Leipzig) was a German Volkish-nationalist pundit and a pioneer of nudist culture in Germany.	Heinrich Pudor	Leipzig
place of death	Charles McClung McGhee (January 23, 1828 -- May 5, 1907) was an American industrialist and financier, active primarily in Knoxville, Tennessee, in the latter half of the nineteenth century.	Charles McClung McGhee	Knoxville
place of death	Emil Gabrovitz (also known 1875 - 1947 in Budapest) was a Hungarian football player.	Emil Gabrovitz	Budapest
place of death	Luis Rechani Agrait (June 22, 1902 in Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico -- December 12, 1994 in San Juan, Puerto Rico), was a Puerto Rican poet, journalist, and playwright.	Luis Rechani Agrait	San Juan
place of death	On 24 March 2012 Vince Lovegrove died, aged 65, in a car accident at Federal, near Bangalow, New South Wales about 20 km west (inland) of Byron Bay.	Vince Lovegrove	Bangalow
place of death	Carola Stern (born Ahlbeck 14 November 1925: died Berlin 19 January 2006) was the name under which Erika Assmus reinvented herself as a serious journalist and (subsequently) author and politically committed television presenter, after she was obliged to relocate at short notice from East Germany to West Germany in 1951.	Carola Stern	Berlin
place of death	Emil Zsigmondy's grave is a few miles away from the accident site in the small cemetery of Saint-Christophe-en-Oisans in the Dauphiné Alps.	Emil Zsigmondy	Saint-Christophe-en-Oisans
place of death	Cesare Mariani (January 13, 1826 in Rome -- 1901) was an Italian painter and architect of the late-19th century, active in Rome and Ascoli Piceno.	Cesare Mariani	Rome
place of death	Renato Ziggiotti (born in Campodoro, Padua, Italy on October 9, 1892 - died in Albarè di Costermano in April 19, 1983) was a Catholic Roman Priest of the Salesians of Don Bosco, who was the 5th Rector Major of that Order between 1952 and 1965.	Renato Ziggiotti	Costermano
place of death	Caspar de Robles or Gaspard di Robles (1527, Madrid, Spain -- 1585, Antwerp), also known as Billy in Artois, was Stadholder of Friesland and Groningen at the beginning of the Eighty Years' War (reign: 1568 to 1576).	Caspar de Robles	Antwerp
place of death	Peter Zhang Bairen (February 14, 1915 -- October 12, 2005) was the unofficial Bishop of Hanyang, China.	Zhang Bairen	Hanyang
place of death	Ataur Rahman Khan was born in 1907 at Balia village in Dhamrai thana of Dhaka district.	Ataur Rahman Khan	Dhaka
place of death	John Thach died on April 15, 1981, in Coronado, California, four days before his 76th birthday, and was buried at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego.	John Thach	Coronado
place of death	Claude Bowes-Lyon, 13th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne (Redbourn, England 21 July 1824 -- Bordighera, Italy 16 February 1904), styled The Honourable Claude Bowes-Lyon from 1847 to 1865, was a British peer.	Claude Bowes-Lyon, 13th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne	Bordighera
place of death	Jakob Meyer zum Hasen (1482 in Basel -- 1531 in Basel) was the bürgermeister of the city of Basel from 1516 to 1521.	Jakob Meyer zum Hasen	Basel
place of death	Laurette Luez died on September 12, 1999 in Milton, Florida, aged 71, from undisclosed causes.	Laurette Luez	Milton
place of death	Marie-Madeleine Guimard (27 December 1743, Paris -- 4 May 1816) was a French ballerina who dominated the Parisian stage during the reign of Louis XVI.	Marie-Madeleine Guimard	Paris
place of death	Charles Caryl Coleman (1840, Buffalo, New York--1928, Capri, Italy) was an American-born Italian painter.	Charles Caryl Coleman	Capri
place of death	Anna Elisabeth of Anhalt-Bernburg (19 March 1647 in Bernburg -- 3 September 1680 in Bernstadt, now Bierutów), was a princess of Anhalt-Bernburg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Württemberg-Bernstadt.	Anna Elisabeth of Anhalt-Bernburg	Bierutów
place of death	Florence Oberle died at the Little Romano Sanitarium in North Glendale, California, in 1943.	Florence Oberle	Glendale
place of death	Siegfried Popper (5 January 1848, Prague -- 19 April 1933, Prague) was an eminent naval architect in late-nineteenth- and early twentieth-century middle Europe.	Siegfried Popper	Prague
place of death	Arthur Conolly (2 July 1807, London - 17 June 1842, Bukhara) (sometimes misspelled Connolly) was a British intelligence officer, explorer and writer.	Arthur Conolly	Bukhara
place of death	Karl Friedrich Nebenius ( 29 September 1784, Rhodt - 8 June 1857 in Karlsruhe) was a Baden minister and author of their 1818 constitution.	Karl Friedrich Nebenius	Karlsruhe
place of death	Henri Renaud (20 April 1925 in Villedieu-sur-Indre -- 17 October 2002 in Paris) was a French jazz pianist and record company executive.	Henri Renaud	Paris
place of death	Maria Paternò Arezzo (December 11, 1869, Ragusa Ibla, Sicily -- December 28, 1908, Messina), Princess of Castellaci, was an Italian noblewoman and philanthropist who is renowned for her charity bequest to build a hospital for the poor in her city of birth.	Maria Paternò Arezzo	Messina
place of death	Boris Meissner (August 10, 1915 Pskov - September 10, 2003 Cologne) was a German lawyer and social scientist, specializing in international law and Eastern European history and politics.	Boris Meissner	Cologne
place of death	Arthur Middleton (June 26, 1742 -- January 1, 1787), of Charleston, South Carolina, was a signatory of the United States Declaration of Independence.	Arthur Middleton	South Carolina
place of death	Émile Cartailhac (15 February 1845, Marseille -- 26 November 1921, Geneva) was a French prehistorian, one of the founding fathers of the studies of the cave art. He is perhaps best remembered because of his involvement with the Altamira paintings.	Émile Cartailhac	Geneva
place of death	Manlio Rho (1901 -- 1957) was a painter born in Como, Italy.	Manlio Rho	Como
place of death	Ralph Cudworth (1617 -- 26 June 1688) was an English philosopher, the leader of the Cambridge Platonists.	Ralph Cudworth	Cambridge
place of death	Misia Sert (born Maria Zofia Olga Zenajda Godebska; March 30, 1872 -- October 15, 1950) was a pianist of Polish descent who hosted an artistic salon in Paris.	Misia Sert	Paris
place of death	Moncef Chelli, born 11 February 1936 in Tunis and died 18 March 1994 in Paris, was a Franco-Tunisian philosopher and writer.	Moncef Chelli	Paris
place of death	Gregory of Heimburg (Gregorius Heimburgensis) (b. at Würzburg in the beginning of the fifteenth century; d. at Tharandt near Dresden, August, 1472) was a German jurist, humanist and statesman.	Gregory of Heimburg	Tharandt
place of death	Murdock MacKinnon (March 15, 1865 in Brooklyn -- October 12, 1944 in Charlottetown) was a Canadian politician and served as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island.	Murdock MacKinnon	Charlottetown
place of death	After Stalin's death in 1953 Lina Stern was allowed to return to Moscow and in 1954--1968 she headed the Department of Physiology at Biophysics Institute.	Lina Stern	Moscow
place of death	Tsewang Samanla was one among three Indians who died on Mount Everest in 1996 Mount Everest disaster.	Tsewang Samanla	Mount Everest
place of death	Otto Unverdorben (13 October 1806 - 28 November 1873) was a German chemist and merchant who was born in Dahme/Marke.	Otto Unverdorben	Dahme
place of death	Giulio Turcato (Mantua, 16 March 1912 -- Rome, 22 January 1995) was an Italian artist, belonging to both figurative and abstract expressionist currents.	Giulio Turcato	Rome
place of death	Paolo Luigioni (9 February 1873, Rome - 6 May 1937, Rome) was an Italian entomologist.	Paolo Luigioni	Rome
place of death	Theodor Adrian von Renteln (September 15, 1897 in Khodz, Georgia, then Russian Empire -- 1946 in Soviet Union (disputed)) was an activist and politician in Nazi Germany.	Adrian von Renteln	Soviet Union
place of death	She was born Victoria de los Ángeles López García in the porter's lodge of the University of Barcelona to Bernardo Lopez Gómez (or Gamez), a university caretaker, and Victoria García.	Victoria de los Ángeles	Barcelona
place of death	Karl Weinbacher (23 June 1898 in Stettin -- 16 May 1946 in Hamelin) was a German manager and war criminal who was executed after conviction by a British war tribunal.	Karl Weinbacher	Hamelin
place of death	Walter Bornschein was killed on 27 April 1944 when he was hit by enemy fire while flying over Schweinfurt.	Walter Bornschein	Schweinfurt
place of death	Inés Rodena (April 20, 1905 in Havana, Cuba -- April 15, 1985 in Miami, USA) was a Cuban radio and television writer.	Inés Rodena	Miami
place of death	Martin Weber (9 December 1890 in Frankfurt am Main -- 27 February 1941) was a German architect who designed Catholic churches.	Martin Weber	Frankfurt
place of death	Abdelkader Ben Bouali (25 October 1912 in Sendjas, Chlef Province -- 23 February 1997 in Algiers) was a professional French footballer.	Abdelkader Ben Bouali	Algiers
place of death	Marietta Canty was born in Hartford, Connecticut, the daughter of Mary and Henry Canty, who attended the Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church and actively canvassed for the Republican Party.	Marietta Canty	Hartford
place of death	Michele Stefano de Rossi (30 October 1834, Rome - 23 October 1898, Rocca di Papa) was an Italian seismologist.	Michele Stefano de Rossi	Rocca di Papa
place of death	Luca Forte (c. 1615--c. 1670) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly as a still-life painter in Naples.	Luca Forte	Naples
place of death	Arthur Willis (born 2 February 1920 in Denaby, Conisbrough, Yorkshire, -- died 7 November 1987) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Swansea City, Haverfordwest and England.	Arthur Willis	Haverfordwest
place of death	Anthonie van Borssom (January 2, 1631 in Amsterdam -- March 19, 1677 in Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter.	Anthonie van Borssom	Amsterdam
place of death	Paul Scardon (6 May 1874 in Melbourne, Australia -- 17 January 1954 in Fontana, California) was an actor, a producer, and a director on both Australian and New York stages.	Paul Scardon	Fontana
place of death	Leon Pasternak (12 August 1910, Lemberg, Austro-Hungarian Empire (soon became Lwow, Poland, now Lviv, Ukraine) - 14 November 1969 Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish poet and satirist.	Leon Pasternak	Warsaw
place of death	Felix McGrogan (27 July 1914 - 13 December 1989) was a Scottish footballer who played for Blackburn Rovers, Dunfermline Athletic, Falkirk, Kilmarnock and Dumbarton.	Felix McGrogan	Dumbarton
place of death	Héctor Anglada (January 31, 1976 in Villa Carlos Paz, Córdoba Province, Argentina -- March 2, 2002 in Burzaco, Buenos Aires, Argentina in a road accident) was a film and television actor.	Héctor Anglada	Burzaco
place of death	Howie Schultz died on October 30, 2009, aged 87, after a brief battle with cancer, in Chaska, Minnesota.	Howie Schultz	Chaska, Minnesota
place of death	Alfred Jahn (April 22, 1915, Kleparów, near Lwów (L'viv) -- April 1, 1999, Wrocław) was a Polish geographer, geomorphologist, polar explorer and rector of Wrocław University.	Alfred Jahn	Wrocław
place of death	Sulejman Delvina (5 October 1884, Delvinë - 1 August 1933, Vlorë) was an Albanian politician and prime minister from March to November 1920.	Sulejman Delvina	Vlorë
place of death	Paul Alverdes (6 May 1897, Strasbourg - 28 February 1979, Munich) was a German novelist and poet.	Paul Alverdes	Munich
place of death	Beaumont Asquith (16 September 1910 -- 12 April 1977) was an English footballer who played for Barnsley, Manchester United and Bradford City.	Beaumont Asquith	Barnsley
place of death	Federico Halbherr (Rovereto, then in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, 15 February 1857 -- Rome, 17 July 1930) was an Italian archaeologist and epigrapher, known for his excavations of Crete.	Federico Halbherr	Rome
place of death	Rudolf Mauersberger (born 29 January 1889 in Mauersberg, Saxony, died 22 February 1971 in Dresden) was a German choral conductor and composer.	Rudolf Mauersberger	Dresden
place of death	John Wesley Young (November 17, 1879, Columbus, Ohio, to February 17, 1932, Hanover, New Hampshire) was an American mathematician who, with Oswald Veblen, introduced the axioms of projective geometry, coauthored a 2-volume work on them, and proved the Veblen--	John Wesley Young	Hanover
place of death	Jacques Denis Antoine (6 August 1733, Paris - 24 August 1801) was a French architect.	Jacques Denis Antoine	Paris
place of death	Zeki Müren (Turkish pronunciation: (zeˈci myˈɾen)) (born in Bursa, Turkey on 6 December 1931, died in İzmir on 24 September 1996) was a prominent Turkish singer, composer, and actor.	Zeki Müren	İzmir
place of death	Detlev Peukert (September 20, 1950 in Gütersloh -- May 17, 1990 in Hamburg) was a German historian, noted for his studies of the relationship between what he called the ``spirit of science'' and the Holocaust and in social history and the Weimar Republic.	Detlev Peukert	Hamburg
place of death	Pierre-Joseph Thoulier d'Olivet, Abbot of Olivet (1 April 1682, Salins-les-Bains -- 8 October 1768, Paris) was a French abbot, writer, grammarian and translator.	Pierre-Joseph Thoulier d'Olivet	Paris
place of death	Ida Hawley died on 9 December 1908 in New York City at Alston's Sanitarium on West 61st Street from complications following an operation for appendicitis.	Ida Hawley	New York City
place of death	Robert Dearing, usually credited as R. E. Dearing (1893 - February 1968, Hillingdon), was an English film editor.	R. E. Dearing	Hillingdon
place of death	Nicolaas van Eyck I or Nicolaas van Eijck (I) (1617, Antwerp -- 1679, Antwerp), was a Flemish painter of landscapes, equestrian and battle scenes and portraits.	Nicolaas van Eyck	Antwerp
place of death	Chicago Tribune journalist Arch Ward was offered the position of commissioner, but he turned it down and suggested Elmer Layden for the position.	Elmer Layden	Chicago
place of death	Abraham-Louis Perrelet, (9 January 1729 -- 1826), born in Neuchâtel in Switzerland, was a Swiss horologist.	Abraham-Louis Perrelet	Neuchâtel
place of death	Dr Wilhelm Ferdinand Erichson (26 November 1809 in Stralsund - 18 December 1848 in Berlin) was a German entomologist.	Wilhelm Ferdinand Erichson	Berlin
place of death	Alan Branscombe (4 June 1936, Wallasey - 27 October 1986, London) was an English jazz pianist, vibraphonist, and alto saxophonist.	Alan Branscombe	London
place of death	Leonardo de Mango (19 February 1843 -- 1930) was an Italian Orientalist painter who lived and worked for most of his career in Istanbul.	Leonardo de Mango	Istanbul
place of death	Saint Philastrius (also Philaster or Filaster) Bishop of Brescia, was one of the bishops present at a synod held in Aquileia in 381.	Philastrius	Brescia
place of death	Jānis Ikaunieks (28 April 1912 Riga -- 27 April 1969 Riga) was a Latvian astronomer, the founder of the Observatory of the Latvian Academy of Sciences (LAS) at Baldones Riekstukalns and its first director (1958-1969).	Jānis Ikaunieks	Riga
place of death	Georges Davy (French: (davi); 31 December 1883, Bernay -- 27 July 1976, Coutances) was a French sociologist.	Georges Davy	Coutances
place of death	Jonathan Bayard Smith (February 21, 1742 -- June 16, 1812) was an American merchant from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Jonathan Bayard Smith	Philadelphia
place of death	Bernhard Egidius Konrad ten Brink (January 12, 1841 in Amsterdam -- January 29, 1892 in Strasbourg) was a German philologist.	Bernhard Egidius Konrad ten Brink	Strasbourg
place of death	Upon his retirement in 1955, Lt. General Daniel Noce purchased a 1200 acre farm near Sperryville, Virginia and produced award winning yields of corn and prized Black Angus beef.	Daniel Noce	Sperryville, Virginia
place of death	Theoderich von Wied (also called Dietrich von Wied or Theodoric II) was the Archbishop of Trier from 1212 to 1242 AD and Prince-elector.	Theoderich von Wied	Trier
place of death	Pietro Testa (1611--1650) was an Italian High Baroque artist, best known, both to his contemporaries and modern appreciation, as a printmaker and draftsman, who was active in Rome.	Pietro Testa	Rome
place of death	Marianne Van Hirtum (20 July 1925, Namur -- 11 June 1988, Paris) was a Belgian author writing in the French language, connected with the surrealist movement.	Marianne Van Hirtum	Paris
place of death	Louis-Jacques-Paul Bergon (27 September 1863, Paris -- 27 January 1912) was a French photographer, musician and naturalist.	Paul Bergon	Paris
place of death	Kujtim Majaci (born in Fier, 20 March 1962 - 14 July 2009) was an Albanian football player.	Kujtim Majaci	Fier
place of death	Richerus or Richer of Reims (fl. 10th century) was a monk of Saint-Remi, just outside Reims, and a historian, an important source for the contemporary kingdom of France.	Richerus	Reims
place of death	Walter Hohmann (18 March 1880 in Hardheim, Germany -- 11 March 1945 in Essen, Germany) was a German engineer who made an important contribution to the understanding of orbital dynamics.	Walter Hohmann	Essen
place of death	Frank Tarloff (February 4, 1916, Brooklyn, New York -- June 25, 1999, Beverly Hills, California) was a blacklisted American screenwriter who won an Academy Award for best original screenplay for Father Goose.	Frank Tarloff	Beverly Hills
place of death	Carlo Alberto Castigliano (9 November 1847, Asti -- 25 October 1884, Milan) was an Italian mathematician and physicist known for Castigliano's method for determining displacements in a linear-elastic system based on the partial derivatives of strain energy.	Carlo Alberto Castigliano	Milan
place of death	Carl Friedländer (19 November 1847, Brieg (Brzeg), Silesia -- 13 May 1887, Meran (Merano), County of Tyrol) was a German pathologist and microbiologist who helped discover the bacterial cause of pneumonia in 1882.	Carl Friedländer	Merano
place of death	Samson Flexor (born Samson Modestovich Flexor; 9 September 1907, in Soroca, Bessarabia, Imperial Russia -- 31 July 1971, in São Paulo, Brazil) was a French and Brazilian artist, and founder of the Brazilian abstract art.	Samson Flexor	São Paulo
place of death	Otto Weidinger died January 10, 1990, aged 75, in Aalen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Otto Weidinger	Aalen
place of death	María Elena Walsh was born in Villa Sarmiento, Ramos Mejía, Greater Buenos Aires, to an English railway worker, of Irish descent, who played the piano and an Argentine woman of Andalusian descent.	María Elena Walsh	Buenos Aires
place of death	Joseph Hillebrand (24 August 1788 Großdüngen (near Hildesheim) - 25 January 1871 Bad Soden am Taunus) was a German novelist, philosopher and historian of literature.	Joseph Hillebrand	Bad Soden
place of death	Israel Aksenfeld (Nemirov, Ukraine, Russian Empire, ca. 1787 - Paris, France, ca. 1868) was a Judæo-German writer.	Israel Aksenfeld	Paris
place of death	Pietro Buscaglia (born February 9, 1911 in Turin; died July 12, 1997 in Vigevano) was an Italian professional football player.	Pietro Buscaglia	Vigevano
place of death	Georg Christian Dieffenbach (4 December 1822 Schlitz, Hesse - 10 May 1901 Schlitz) was a German poet and theologian.	Georg Christian Dieffenbach	Schlitz
place of death	Gold Selleck Silliman (1732--1790) was born in Fairfield, Connecticut, graduated from Yale University and practiced law and served as a crown attorney before the American Revolution.	Gold Selleck Silliman	Fairfield
place of death	Mazyar was shortly brought to Samarra, where he was executed.	Mazyar	Samarra
place of death	John Frederick Amelung (1741--1798), was a German glass artist active in Maryland.	John Frederick Amelung	Maryland
place of death	Dante Carnesecchi (b. Vezzano Ligure, 12 March 1892 -- d. La Spezia, 29 March 1921) was an Italian individualist anarchist associated with left wing futurism alongside other individualist anarchists such as Renzo Novatore, Leda Rafanelli, Auro d'Arcola, and Giovanni Governato.	Dante Carnesecchi	La Spezia
place of death	Arthur Goldreich (1929 -- 24 May 2011) was a South African-Israeli abstract painter and a key figure in the anti-apartheid movement in the country of his birth and a critic of the form of Zionism practiced in Israel.	Arthur Goldreich	Israel
place of death	Charles-André Julien taught at the Mohammed V University of Rabat and the Sorbonne of Paris.	Charles-André Julien	Paris
place of death	Cowboy Morgan Evans died at home in Bonham, Texas, of an apparent heart attack.	Cowboy Morgan Evans	Bonham
place of death	Blessed Meinwerk (c. 975 -- 5 June 1036) was the Bishop of Paderborn from 1009 until his death.	Meinwerk	Paderborn
place of death	Norbert Goeneutte (23 July 1854, Paris - 9 October 1894, Auvers-sur-Oise) was a French painter, engraver and illustrator; notably for the novel La Terre by Émile Zola.	Norbert Goeneutte	Auvers-sur-Oise
place of death	Aladar Imre (February 14, 1898 - 1937/1938) was a Romanian trade unionist, communist militant and member-elect of the Romanian Parliament, executed in the Soviet Union during the Great Purge.	Aladar Imre	Soviet Union
place of death	Paul Diderichsen (16 August 1905, Copenhagen -- 9 October 1964, Copenhagen) was a Danish linguist who is known for his model of sentence structure in Danish which has been widely applied to describe the syntax of languages with fixed word order, such as the mainland Scandinavian languages.	Paul Diderichsen	Copenhagen
place of death	Carlo Donida Labati (30 October 1920, in Milan -- 22 April 1998, in Porto Valtravaglia) was an Italian composer and pianist.	Carlo Donida	Porto Valtravaglia
place of death	Grigorios Maraslis (Greek: Γρηγόριος Μαρασλής, Russian: Григорий Григорьевич Маразли; 25 July 1831 -- 1 May 1907) was an official of the Russian Empire and long-time mayor of Odessa (1878--1895) of Greek origin.	Grigorios Maraslis	Odessa
place of death	Vico Torriani (September 21, 1920 in Geneva as Ludovico Oxens Torriani -- February 26, 1998 in Agno, Ticino) was a Swiss actor and Schlager singer.	Vico Torriani	Agno
place of death	Broncia Koller-Pinell (25 February 1863, Sanok - 26 April 1934, Oberwaltersdorf) was an Austrian Expressionist painter who specialized in portraits and still-lifes.	Broncia Koller-Pinell	Oberwaltersdorf
place of death	Chela Cordero (born Zaira Cordero in Mendoza, 1892 - March 24, 1982 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine actress.	Chela Cordero	Buenos Aires
place of death	Eugen Zintgraff (born January 16, 1858 in Düsseldorf, died December 4, 1897 on Tenerife) was a German explorer.	Eugen Zintgraff	Tenerife
place of death	Carl Reinhold August Wunderlich (August 4, 1815, Sulz am Neckar -- September 25, 1877, Leipzig) was a German physician, pioneer psychiatrist, and medical professor.	Carl Reinhold August Wunderlich	Leipzig
place of death	Émile Colinus (born 1884 in Paris, died 1966 in Paris), was a French painter and illustrator .	Émile Colinus	Paris
place of death	Jacob Abendana (1630 -- September 12, 1685) was hakham of London from 1680 until his death.	Jacob Abendana	London
place of death	Daniel Itzig (also known as Daniel Yoffe 18 March 1723 in Berlin -- 17 May 1799 in Potsdam) was a Court Jew of Kings Frederick II the Great and Frederick William II of Prussia.	Daniel Itzig	Potsdam
place of death	Bruno of Cologne (Cologne c. 1030 -- Serra San Bruno 6 October 1101) was the founder of the Carthusian Order, personally founded the order's first two communities.	Bruno of Cologne	Serra San Bruno
place of death	Johannes Conrad was a Professor of economics in Halle (Saale), Prussian Germany.	Johannes Conrad	Halle
place of death	Nikolaus Dumba (24 July 1830, Vienna - 23 March 1900, Budapest) was an Austrian industrialist and liberal politician of Greek-Aromanian descent.	Nikolaus Dumba	Budapest
place of death	Paulus Hector Mair (1517--1579) was an Augsburg civil servant, and active in the martial arts of his time.	Paulus Hector Mair	Augsburg
place of death	Bengt Sundkler (May 7 1908 Degerfors, Västerbotten, Sweden - April 5 1995, Uppsala, Sweden) was a Swedish-Tanzanian Church historian, missiologist, professor and bishop of Bukoba.	Bengt Sundkler	Uppsala
place of death	Saint Émilie de Villeneuve (9 March 1811 -- 2 October 1854) was a Roman Catholic French nun and the founder of the Sisters of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception of Castres.	Émilie de Villeneuve	Castres
place of death	Matteo Pertsch (German: Matthäus Pertsch) (1769 -- April 11, 1834) was an Austrian classical architect responsible for many historic structures in Trieste.	Matteo Pertsch	Trieste
place of death	Helmut Bohlens was killed in action on 19 April 1943 over the Mediterranean Sea.	Helmut Bohlens	Mediterranean Sea
place of death	Marie Epstein (born Marie-Antonine Epstein; 14 August 1899, Warsaw - 24 April 1995, Paris) was an actress, scenarist, film director, and film preservationist.	Marie Epstein	Paris
place of death	Victor Millan, whose real name was Joseph Brown, (August 1, 1920 -- April 3, 2009) was an American actor, academic and former Dean of the theatre arts department at Santa Monica College in Santa Monica, California.	Victor Millan	Santa Monica
place of death	George de Godzinsky (5 July 1914, Saint Peterburg, Russia -- 23 May 1994, Helsinki, Finland) was a Russian-Finnish composer and conductor.	George de Godzinsky	Helsinki
place of death	François Barthélemy Michel Édouard Cibot (1799--1877) was a French historical and landscape painter born in Paris.	Édouard Cibot	Paris
place of death	Johann Georg Sulzer (German: (ˈzʊltsər); 16 October 1720 in Winterthur -- 27 February 1779 in Berlin) was a Swiss professor of Mathematics, who later on moved on to the field of electricity.	Johann Georg Sulzer	Berlin
place of death	Rev. Pauli Murray died of pancreatic cancer in the house she owned with a lifelong friend, Maida Springer Kemp, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on July 1, 1985.	Pauli Murray	Pittsburgh
place of death	Danilo Alvim was an amateur playing with América when Flávio Costa's Rio de Janeiro squad practiced against them in 1941.	Danilo Alvim	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Gustav von Myrdacz (born 12 July 1874 in Vienna; died 11 July 1945 in Tirana) was an Austrian noble who was instrumental in organising the Royal Albanian Army from the early 1920s to 1945.	Gustav von Myrdacz	Tirana
place of death	Anton Ausserer (5 July 1843 in Bozen (Bolzano), Tyrol -- 20 July 1889 in Graz) was an Austrian naturalist specialising in spiders.	Anton Ausserer	Graz
place of death	Adele Faccio (November 13, 1920 in Pontebba, Udine -- February 8, 2007 in Rome) was an Italian politician and deputy of the Radical Party (Partito Radicale).	Adele Faccio	Rome
place of death	Bernardo di Matteo del Borra Gamberelli (1409 Settignano -- 23.9.1464 Florence), better known as Bernardo Rossellino, was an Italian sculptor and architect, the elder brother of the sculptor Antonio Rossellino.	Bernardo Rossellino	Florence
place of death	Amschel Moses Rothschild (c. 1710 -- 6 October 1755) was an 18th-century German Jewish moneychanger and trader in silk cloth in the Frankfurter Judengasse, the Jewish ghetto in the Free Imperial City of Frankfurt am Main in present-day Germany.	Amschel Moses Rothschild	Frankfurt
place of death	Count Fran Đivo Gundulić or Francesco Giovanni Gondola; (born 1633, Dubrovnik - died 1700, Vienna) was a member of an old noble family from Dubrovnik (then Republic of Ragusa), the House of Gundulić.	Fran Đivo Gundulić	Vienna
place of death	Balthasar Beschey (1708, Antwerp -- 1776, Antwerp) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman and decorative painter of interiors.	Balthasar Beschey	Antwerp
place of death	Joseph-Jacques Ramée (April 26, 1764 in Charlemont, France -- May 18, 1842 at the Chateau de Beaurains, Noyon) was a French architect, interior designer, and landscape architect working within the neoclassicist idiom.	Joseph-Jacques Ramée	Beaurains
place of death	Thomas Grynaeus, also Thomas Griner, (1512 Veringendorf-- 2 August 1564 Rötteln) was a theologian, reformer and pastor.	Thomas Grynaeus	Rötteln
place of death	Anna Simms Banks (1862--1923) was an African-American educator and political figure from Winchester, Kentucky.	Anna Simms Banks	Winchester
place of death	Wilhelm Uhde (28 October 1874, Friedeberg, Province of Brandenburg (now Poland) -- 17 August 1947, Paris) was a German art collector, dealer, author and critic, an early collector of modernist painting, and a significant figure in the career of Henri Rousseau.	Wilhelm Uhde	Paris
place of death	Pietro Porcinai (Florence, Italy 1910--1986) is renowned as one of the most outstanding Italian landscape architects of the twentieth century.	Pietro Porcinai	Florence
place of death	Jean-Louis Aristide Hignard (Nantes 20 May 1822 - Vernon 20 March 1898), was a French composer of light opera notable as a friend of Jules Verne, also from Nantes and six years Hignard's junior, some of whose librettos and verse he set to music.	Aristide Hignard	Vernon
place of death	Antoine Rater (26 April 1729, Lyon -- 4 August 1794 Miribel) was a French architect.	Antoine Rater	Miribel
place of death	Arthur Villeneuve, C.M. (January 4, 1910, Chicoutimi, Quebec - May 24, 1990, Montreal, Quebec) was a Québécois painter and member of the Order of Canada.	Arthur Villeneuve	Montreal
place of death	Konrad Wachsmann (May 16, 1901 in Frankfurt an der Oder, Germany -- November 25, 1980 in Los Angeles, California) was a German modernist architect.	Konrad Wachsmann	Los Angeles
place of death	Elmer Rice lived for many years on a wooded estate in Stamford, Connecticut, until his death in Southampton, England, in 1967 while on a trip with third wife, Barbara.	Elmer Rice	Southampton
place of death	Frank Sheeran was born in Darby, Pennsylvania, a small working-class borough on the outskirts of Philadelphia.	Frank Sheeran	Philadelphia
place of death	Frederick Forrest Peabody (July 6, 1859 -- February 23, 1927) was a prominent citizen of Santa Barbara, California in the early twentieth century.	Frederick Forrest Peabody	Santa Barbara
place of death	Georgios Prokopiou (Greek: Γεώργιος Προκοπίου; 1876, in Smyrna -- 20 December 1940, near Tepelenë) was a Greek war artist, photographer and documentary film maker.	Georgios Prokopiou	Tepelenë
place of death	Arnold Johan Messenius (Gdańsk, 1607 - Stockholm, 1651) was a Swedish enfant terrible and Rikshistoriograf who was condemned to death and executed under the reign of Christina, Queen of Sweden.	Arnold Johan Messenius	Stockholm
place of death	Georg Carabelli, Edler von Lunkaszprie (Squire of Lunkaszprie) (Hungarian: Carabelli György) (December 11, 1787, Pest -- October 24, 1842, Vienna) was a prominent Hungarian dentist and professor of dental surgery in Vienna.	Georg Carabelli	Vienna
place of death	Hans Müller-Schlösser (1884--1956) was a German poet and playwright closely associated with his native city of Düsseldorf.	Hans Müller-Schlösser	Düsseldorf
place of death	Jan Piotr Sapieha (English: John Peter Sapieha, 1569--1611) was a Polish nobleman, general, politician, diplomat, governor of Uświat county, member of the Parliament and a skilled commander of the Polish troops stationing in the Moscow Kremlin.	Jan Piotr Sapieha	Moscow
place of death	Martín Rico y Ortega (12 November 1833, El Escorial -- 13 April 1908, Venice, Italy) was a Spanish painter of landscapes and cityscapes.	Martín Rico	Venice
place of death	Conrad Weygand (8 November 1890 -- 18 April 1945) was Professor of Chemistry at the University of Leipzig.	Conrad Weygand	Leipzig
place of death	Roger Caron was born in 1938, to extremely poor parents Donat and Yvonne in Cornwall, Ontario, Canada.	Roger Caron	Cornwall
place of death	Jean-Michel Beysser (Ribeauvillé, 4 November 1753 -- Paris, 13 April 1794) was a French general.	Jean-Michel Beysser	Paris
place of death	Antonio Annarumma (January 10 1947 Monteforte Irpino -- November 19, 1969 Milan) was an Italian policeman.	Antonio Annarumma	Milan
place of death	Richard Rudolf Walzer, FBA (14 July 1900, Berlin -- 16 April 1975, Oxford) was a German-born British expert on Greek philosophy.	Richard Rudolf Walzer	Oxford
place of death	Pierre Charron was born in Paris, one of the twenty-five children of a bookseller.	Pierre Charron	Paris
place of death	William Allman, M.D. (1776--1846), professor of botany at Dublin, was born at Kingston, Jamaica, on 7 Feb. 1776, but his parents removed to Ireland before he was four years of age, his mother being a native of Waterford.	William Allman	Dublin
place of death	Éva Ruttkai (31 December 1927, Budapest -- 27 September 1986, Budapest) was a Hungarian actress, well known from her work on stage, cinema, and television productions.	Éva Ruttkai	Budapest
place of death	Gerd Wedler (19 August 1929 in Braunschweig, Germany -- 13 September 2008 in Erlangen, Germany) was a German chemist.	Gerd Wedler	Erlangen
place of death	Apollonie Sabatier (born Aglaé Joséphine Savatier; 1822--1890) was a French courtesan, artists' muse and bohémienne in 1850s Paris.	Apollonie Sabatier	Paris
place of death	Marin Marais (French: (maʁɛ̃ maʁɛ); 31 May 1656, Paris -- 15 August 1728, Paris) was a French composer and viol player.	Marin Marais	Paris
place of death	Angelos Mavropoulos (Greek: Άγγελος Μαυρόπουλος, 1901 in Asia Minor (now Turkey) -- 5 March 1979 in Athens, Greece) was a Greek actor.	Angelos Mavropoulos	Athens
place of death	Jean-Louis Alléon-Dulac was born in Saint-Étienne, Loire, the son of an adviser of the king.	Jean-Louis Alléon-Dulac	Saint-Étienne
place of death	Ibn Hisham has been said to have grown up in Basra and moved afterwards to Egypt, while others have narrated that his family was descended from Basra but he himself was born in Old Cairo.	Ibn Hisham	Egypt
place of death	Lewis Saul Benjamin, (pen name, Lewis Melville) (1874--1932) was an English author, born in London, England and educated privately in England and Germany.	Lewis Melville	London
place of death	Yoshio Kondo (1910, on Maui, Hawaii - 1990, on Oahu, Hawaii) was a biologist and malacologist.	Yoshio Kondo	Oahu
place of death	Werner Tübke (30 July 1929 Schönebeck, Germany -- 27 May 2004 Leipzig, Germany) was a German painter, best known for his monumental Peasants' War Panorama located in Bad Frankenhausen.	Werner Tübke	Leipzig
place of death	Franco Fraticelli (30 August 1928 in Rome, Italy--26 April 2012 in Rome) was an Italian film editor with more than 150 film credits.	Franco Fraticelli	Rome
place of death	August Ferdinand von Veltheim (18 September 1741 Harbke - 2 October 1801. Braunschweig) was a German mineralogist and geologist, and came from the aristocratic family of Veltheim.	August Ferdinand von Veltheim	Braunschweig
place of death	Noe Canjura (Apopa, El Salvador, August 14, 1922 - Morienval, France, September 29, 1970) was a Salvadoran painter and a prominent figure in 20th century modern art in France.	Noe Canjura	Morienval
place of death	Baldomero Sanín Cano (1861 in Rionegro, Antioquia -- 1957 in Bogotá) was a Colombian essayist, journalist, linguist, humanist and university professor.	Baldomero Sanín Cano	Bogotá
place of death	Shami Kermashani (in Kurdish: شامی کرماشانی), also known as Shamurad Mushtaq, (1927-November 23, 1984),was a famous Kurdish poet from the city of Kermanshah from Iran - also known as Iranian Kurdistan.	Shami Kermashani	Kermanshah
place of death	Günther Rücker (February 2, 1924 Reichenberg (Liberec) - February 24, 2008 Meiningen) was a German writer, playwright and film director.	Günther Rücker	Meiningen
place of death	Alexander Brullov was born in Saint Petersburg into a family of French artists: his great grandfather, his grandfather, his father and his brothers (including Karl Brullov) were artists.	Alexander Brullov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Romulus Bărbulescu (October 27, 1925, Sulina -- February 9, 2010, Bucharest ) was a Romanian science-fiction writer.	Romulus Bărbulescu	Bucharest
place of death	Eldon P. Wyman (11 January 1917 - 7 December 1941) was an ensign serving aboard the USS Oklahoma (BB-37) when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941.	Eldon P. Wyman	Pearl Harbor
place of death	Harold Rosenberg (February 2, 1906, New York City -- July 11, 1978, New York City) was an American writer, educator, philosopher and art critic.	Harold Rosenberg	New York City
place of death	Willem Romeyn (ca.1624, Haarlem -- after 1693), was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter.	Willem Romeyn	Haarlem
place of death	Kazimierz Serocki (2 May 1922 -- 9 January 1981) was a Polish composer and one of the founders of the Warsaw Autumn contemporary music festival.	Kazimierz Serocki	Warsaw
place of death	Lloyd Lonergan (3 March 1870, Chicago, Illinois - 6 April 1937, New York) was one of the most prolific scenario and screenwriters in American silent film.	Lloyd Lonergan	New York
place of death	Paul Best (Hutton Cranswick c.1590 - Driffield, 1657) was one of the first British converts to the ``Socinian'' Polish Brethren, and one of the first Unitarians to be imprisoned.	Paul Best	Driffield
place of death	The David Rocastle Trust is a charity based in London, UK founded in memory of Rocastle.	David Rocastle	London
place of death	Strachan Bethune (November 6, 1821 -- March 8, 1910), Q.C., twice Bâtonnier of Montreal and the 1st Anglican Chancellor of the Diocese of Montreal.	Strachan Bethune	Montreal
place of death	Roger Proot (born 21 November 1905 in Woumen - died 29 September 1971 in Bruges) was a Belgian football player.	Roger Proot	Bruges
place of death	Jacques Carlu (7 April 1890 Bonnières-sur-Seine - 3 December 1976 Paris) was a French architect and designer, working mostly in Art Deco style, active in France, Canada, and in the United States.	Jacques Carlu	Paris
place of death	Pieter de Molijn (6 April 1595 in London -- 23 March 1661 in Haarlem) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and engraver born in England.	Pieter de Molijn	Haarlem
place of death	Albert Hay Malotte (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, May 19, 1895-Los Angeles on November 16, 1964) was an American pianist, organist, composer and educator.	Albert Hay Malotte	Los Angeles
place of death	Jan Linsen (Hoorn, 1602 or 1603 -- Hoorn, May 26, 1635) was a Dutch painter of mythological and historical themes.	Jan Linsen	Hoorn
place of death	Jean Tinguely died in 1991 at the age of 66 years in the Bern Hospital after a heart illness.	Jean Tinguely	Bern
place of death	Albert Nicholas (May 27, 1900, New Orleans, Louisiana -- September 3, 1973, Basel, Switzerland) was an American jazz reed player.	Albert Nicholas	Basel
place of death	Antoni Melchior Fijałkowski ( Pszczew, near Poznań, January 3, 1778 -- October 5, 1861, Warsaw) was the Archbishop Metropolitan of Warsaw and spiritual leader of the nation during the Partitions of Poland.	Antoni Melchior Fijałkowski	Warsaw
place of death	Walter Johannes Stein (6 February 1891, in Vienna -- 7 July 1957, in London) was an Austrian philosopher, Waldorf school teacher, Grail researcher, and one of the pioneers of anthroposophy.	Walter Johannes Stein	London
place of death	Vincenzo Monaco (20 July 1911, Rome -- 3 March 1969, Rome) was an Italian architect.	Vincenzo Monaco	Rome
place of death	Berthold of Calabria (French: Berthold de Malifaye; Latin: Bertoldus Calabriensis; died 1195) was a Norman French crusader who instituted a hermit colony on Mount Carmel in 1185.	Berthold of Calabria	Mount Carmel
place of death	Mildred McDaniel-Singleton died in Pasadena, California, aged 70, from undisclosed causes.	Mildred McDaniel	Pasadena
place of death	Caridad Bravo Adams (Spanish pronunciation: (kaɾiˈðað ˈbɾaβo ˈaðams)) (born on January 14, 1908 in Villahermosa, Tabasco -- August 13, 1990 in Mexico City) was a prolific Mexican writer and the most famous telenovela writer worldwide.	Caridad Bravo Adams	Mexico City
place of death	Juana Reina Castrillo, Juanita Reina, alias La Reina de la Copla (Copla Queen) (August 25, 1925 in Seville -- March 19, 1999 in Seville) was a Spanish actress and copla singer.	Juanita Reina	Seville
place of death	Fanny Churberg (12 December 1845 Vaasa -- 10 May 1892 Helsinki) was a Finnish landscape painter.	Fanny Churberg	Helsinki
place of death	William Loughton Smith (1758 -- December 19, 1812) was an American lawyer from Charleston, South Carolina.	William Loughton Smith	Charleston
place of death	Joachim Lütkemann (15 December 1608, Demmin - 18 October 1655, Wolfenbüttel) was a German Lutheran theologian and writer of devotional literature.	Joachim Lütkemann	Wolfenbüttel
place of death	Charles II, Duke of Bourbon (Château de Moulins, 1434--September 13, 1488, Lyon), was Archbishop of Lyon from an early age and a French diplomat under the rule of Louis XI of France.	Charles II, Duke of Bourbon	Lyon
place of death	Devery Freeman, born Feb. 13, 1913 in Brooklyn, died Oct 07, 2005 in Los Angeles was a screen writer, novelist and union activist who helped to establish the Writers Guild of America.	Devery Freeman	Los Angeles
place of death	Sawai Bhawani Singh, was admitted to a private hospital in Gurgaon, Haryana on 29 March and died on 17 April 2011 following multi-organ failure.	Bhawani Singh	Gurgaon
place of death	John McClannahan Crockett (December 26, 1816 -- August 4, 1887) was a Texan lawyer, mayor of Dallas, and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Texas.	John McClannahan Crockett	Dallas
place of death	Innocenzo Fraccaroli (1805, in Castelrotto di Valpolicella (Verona) -- 1882, in Milan) was an Italian sculptor.	Innocenzo Fraccaroli	Milan
place of death	Ferdinand Pfohl (German: (pfoːl); 12 October 1862, Elbogen, Bohemia, Austria-Hungary, now Loket n.O., Czech Republic -- 16 December 1949, Hamburg-Bergedorf), was a German music critic, music writer and composer.	Ferdinand Pfohl	Hamburg
place of death	Jean-François Heymans, also Jan Frans Heymans (25 December 1859, Gooik -- 10 April 1932, Middelkerke) was a Belgian pharmacologist and physiologist.	Jean-François Heymans	Middelkerke
place of death	Selvarajah Rajivarnam (1982 -- April 29, 2007) was a young minority Sri Lankan Tamil journalist from Jaffna, Sri Lanka.	Selvarajah Rajivarnam	Jaffna
place of death	Ernest Mamboury (1 April 1878 - 23 September 1953) was a Swiss scholar renowned for his works on the historic structures in Turkish cities, particularly on Byzantine art and architecture in Istanbul.	Ernest Mamboury	Istanbul
place of death	Johann Georg Schwarz (Иван Григорьевич Шварц; 1751--1784) was a philosophy professor at the Moscow University who headed the Russian branch of the Rosicrucian Society.	Johann Georg Schwarz	Moscow
place of death	Peter Reichensperger (b. at Coblenz, 28 May 1810 - d. at Berlin, 31 December 1892) was a German jurist and parliamentarian.	Peter Reichensperger	Berlin
place of death	Dula Bhaya Kag (November 25, 1902 - February 22, 1977) was an Indian poet, songwriter, writer, and artist born in 1902 in Kagdham (Majadar), a village in the Saurashtra Region, near Mahuva in Gujarat, India.	Dula Bhaya Kag	Majadar
place of death	John Sjoberg (12 June 1941 -- 2 October 2008) was a Scottish footballer who played 15 seasons for Leicester City between 1958 and 1973.	John Sjoberg	Leicester
place of death	William Dana Orcutt was an important book and typeface designer in Boston, an important printmaking and bookmaking center, in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.	William Dana Orcutt	Boston
place of death	Edward Vermilye Huntington (April 26, 1874, Clinton, New York, USA -- November 25, 1952, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA) was an American mathematician.	Edward Vermilye Huntington	Cambridge
place of death	Giovanni Battista Doria (1470 -- March 1563) was a doge of Genoa.	Giovanni Battista Doria	Genoa
place of death	Count Nicolò Minato (b. Bergamo, ca. 1627; d. Vienna, 28 February 1698) was an Italian poet, librettist and impresario.	Nicolò Minato	Vienna
place of death	After creating four clay sculptures to memorialize his children, Ivan Meštrović died in early 1962 at the age of 79, in South Bend, Indiana at St. Joseph Hospital.	Ivan Meštrović	South Bend
place of death	François Pidou de Saint Olon (1640, Touraine - 1720, Paris) was a French diplomat under Louis XIV.	François Pidou de Saint Olon	Paris
place of death	Rudolf Miele (November 4, 1929, in Gütersloh, Westphalia -- August 19, 2004, in Gütersloh) was a German entrepreneur.	Rudolf Miele	Gütersloh
place of death	Fernand Augereau (Naintré, 23 November 1882-- Combrée, 26 July 1958) was a successful early twentieth century French road racing cyclist.	Fernand Augereau	Combrée
place of death	Egide Linnig or Egidius Linnig (Antwerp, 25 August 1821 -- Sint Willibrords, Antwerp, 13 October 1860) was a Belgian painter, draughtsman and engraver who is best known for his marine art and occasional genre scenes.	Egide Linnig	Antwerp
place of death	Georg Heinrich Zincke or Georg Heinrich Zincken (27 September 1692, Altenroda -- 15 August 1769, Braunschweig) was a German jurist and cameralist.	Georg Heinrich Zincke	Braunschweig
place of death	Max Linde (14 June 1862 -- 23 April 1940 in Lübeck) was an ophthalmologist who is best known as a patron and art collector of the early 20th century.	Max Linde	Lübeck
place of death	Born in Lausanne, Maurice Chappaz spent his childhood between Martigny and the abbey of Le Châble, in the Swiss canton of Valais.	Maurice Chappaz	Martigny
place of death	Gabriel Ramanantsoa (13 April 1906 Antananarivo - 9 May 1979 Paris) was the President and Prime Minister of Madagascar from 1972 to 1975.	Gabriel Ramanantsoa	Paris
place of death	Born in Darlington, Tommy Atkin started out with his home town club Darlington in 1925 who were in the Second Division, having their highest ever League finsh that season.	Tommy Atkin	Darlington
place of death	John Wellborn Root (January 10, 1850 -- January 15, 1891) was an American architect who was based in Chicago with Daniel Burnham.	John Wellborn Root	Chicago
place of death	Heinz Traimer (1921-2002) was a German graphic designer and advertising copywriter who lived and worked in Vienna.	Heinz Traimer	Vienna
place of death	Lieutenant Colonel Óscar Osorio died in Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, USA, as a result of kidney failure complicated by pneumonia.	Óscar Osorio	Houston
place of death	Jean-Eugène Buland is a French painter, born on October 26, 1852, in Paris, and died in 1926 in Charly-sur-Marne in the Aisne.	Jean-Eugène Buland	Charly-sur-Marne
place of death	Watzenrode was born in Thorn (Toruń), son of the merchant Lucas Watzenrode the Elder (1400--62).	Lucas Watzenrode	Toruń
place of death	Margaret of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1442 -- 8 April 1512 in Wienhausen) was a princess of Brunswick-Lüneburg by birth and by marriage a Duchess of Mecklenburg-Stargard.	Margaret of Brunswick-Lüneburg	Wienhausen
place of death	Giuseppe Astarita (Naples, 1707 -- Naples, 1775) was an Italian architect and engineer of the late-Baroque or Rococo period.	Giuseppe Astarita	Naples
place of death	Rudolf Ernst (14 February 1854, Vienna - 1932, Fontenay-aux-Roses) was an Austro-French painter, printmaker and ceramics painter who is best known for his orientalist motifs.	Rudolf Ernst	Fontenay-aux-Roses
place of death	Paul Raud (22 October (O.S. 10 October) 1865 in Kirikuküla, Viru-Jaagupi Parish -- 22 November 1930 in Tallinn) was an Estonian painter.	Paul Raud	Tallinn
place of death	Captain George Duff RN (c. 1 February 1764 -- 21 October 1805) was a British naval officer during the American War of Independence, the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars, who was killed by a cannonball at the Battle of Trafalgar.	George Duff	Battle of Trafalgar
place of death	Jan Anton Garemyn (or Garemijn) (1712-1799), a Flemish painter and engraver, was born at Bruges, and studied under Louis Boons and Matthias de Visch.	Jan Anton Garemyn	Bruges
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Hans Ludendorff (Dunowo, 26 May 1873 - Potsdam, 26 June 1941) was a German astronomer and astrophysicist.	Hans Ludendorff	Potsdam
place of death	Constance Baker Motley (September 14, 1921 -- September 28, 2005) was an African-American civil rights activist, lawyer, judge, state senator, and Borough President of Manhattan, New York City.	Constance Baker Motley	Manhattan
place of death	Edwin Atwater (September 14, 1808 in Williston, Vermont -- June 18, 1874 in Montreal) was a Canadian businessman, corporate director and municipal politician in Montreal.	Edwin Atwater	Montreal
place of death	Ambrosius Francken II, also called the younger, to distinguish him from his uncle of the same name, was born at Antwerp in the latter part of the 16th century.	Ambrosius Francken II	Antwerp
place of death	Maxwell Mays died at his home in the Greene section of Coventry, Rhode Island on November 16, 2009.	Maxwell Mays	Coventry
place of death	Oberto Spinola was an Italian politician, a leader of the Republic of Genoa in the 13th century.	Oberto Spinola	Genoa
place of death	Aby Warburg was born in Hamburg into the wealthy Warburg family of German Jewish bankers.	Aby Warburg	Hamburg
place of death	Count Pavel Andreyevich Shuvalov (Russian: Па́вел Андре́евич Шува́лов; Leipzig/Saint Petersburg, 25 November (O.S. 13 November) 1830 -- Yalta, 20 April (O.S. 7 April) 1908) was an Imperial Russian statesman and the brother of Count Pyotr Andreyevich Shuvalov.	Pavel Andreyevich Shuvalov	Yalta
place of death	In the 1980s, Cheikha Rimitti moved to Paris, loosening her ties with the Algerian authorities but never cutting herself off from the Algerian people, her first fans.	Cheikha Rimitti	Paris
place of death	Milan Ružić (25 July 1955 in Rijeka, Yugoslavia -- 25 January 2014 in Rijeka, Croatia) was a Croatian football player.	Milan Ružić	Rijeka
place of death	Carl Gustav Calwer (11 November 1821, Stuttgart -- 19 August 1874, Mineralbad Berg) was a German entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	Carl Gustav Calwer	Stuttgart
place of death	Dionysios Tsokos (Greek: Διονύσιος Τσόκος; c.1814/20, Zakynthos -- 1862, Athens) was a Greek painter; one of the first to gain recognition in the post-Ottoman period.	Dionysios Tsokos	Athens
place of death	Johannes Sass (also in German: Saß, born 4 September 1889 in Hamburg, died 31 December 1971) was a linguist who specialized in the Low German language.	Johannes Sass	Hamburg
place of death	Vlastimir Pavlović Carevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Властимир Павловић Царевац; 9 October 1895 - 10 January 1965) was a Serbian violinist and conductor, and founder and director of the National Orchestra of Radio Belgrade.	Vlastimir Pavlović Carevac	Belgrade
place of death	King Tubby's music career began in the 1950s with the rising popularity of Jamaican sound systems, which were to be found all over Kingston and which were developing into enterprising businesses.	King Tubby	Kingston
place of death	Simon-Emmanuel Duplay (10 September 1836, in Paris -- 16 January 1924) was a French surgeon who was a member of the Académie de Médecine (1879).	Simon-Emmanuel Duplay	Paris
place of death	David Hendricks Bergey was an American bacteriologist, born December 27, 1860 in Skippack, Pennsylvania, died September 5, 1937 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	David Hendricks Bergey	Philadelphia
place of death	Frederik Theodor Kloss (19 September 1802, in Braunschweig -- 9 June 1876, in Copenhagen) was a German-Danish painter who specialized in marine painting.	Frederik Theodor Kloss	Copenhagen
place of death	Hermann Rieder (May 3, 1928, in Altfraunhofen (near Landshut) -- August 22, 2009, in Gaiberg (near Heidelberg)) was a German javelin thrower, trainer and sports scientist.	Hermann Rieder	Gaiberg
place of death	Albert Allen Bartlett (born March 21, 1923 in Shanghai, died September 7, 2013 in Boulder, Colorado) was an emeritus professor of physics at the University of Colorado at Boulder, USA.	Albert Allen Bartlett	Boulder
place of death	Richard Phené Spiers (1838 - October 3, 1916, London) was an English architect and author.	Richard Phené Spiers	London
place of death	Jannes van der Wal (November 12, 1956 in Driesum -- September 24, 1996 in Groningen) was a Dutch/Frisian draughts player and world champion in the game.	Jannes van der Wal	Groningen
place of death	Fritz Moravec was born on April 27, 1922 in the Favoriten tenth district of Vienna, Austria.	Fritz Moravec	Vienna
place of death	Kutlu Adalı (1935 in Nicosia -- July 6, 1996), was a Turkish Cypriot journalist, poet and socio-political researcher, and peace advocate.	Kutlu Adalı	Nicosia
place of death	Rodney Gregory Masterson, Jr., known as Rod Masterson (February 14, 1945 -- September 12, 2013), was an American film and television actor from Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Rod Masterson	Baton Rouge
place of death	Chaim Ozer Grodzinski (Hebrew: חיים עוזר גרודזנסקי‎; August 24, 1863 -- August 9, 1940) was a pre-eminent Av beis din (rabbinical chief justice), posek (halakhic authority), and Talmudic scholar in Vilnius, Lithuania in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Chaim Ozer Grodzinski	Vilnius
place of death	Alfred Guillou (12 September 1844, Concarneau - 1926, Concarneau) was a French painter of Breton heritage.	Alfred Guillou	Concarneau
place of death	Maurice Archambaud (born Paris, 30 August 1906, died Le Raincy, 3 December 1955) was a French professional cyclist from 1932 to 1944.	Maurice Archambaud	Le Raincy
place of death	Volodia Dubinin (Russian: Володя Дубинин August 29, 1928 -- January 4, 1942 in Kerch, Ukraine) was a Pioneer Hero of the Soviet Union.	Volodia Dubinin	Kerch
place of death	Eduard Steuermann (June 18, 1892 in Sambor, Austro-Hungarian Empire -- November 11, 1964 in New York City) was an Austrian (and later American) pianist and composer.	Eduard Steuermann	New York City
place of death	Rupprecht Geiger (26 January 1908 -- 6 December 2009) was an abstract painter and sculptor from Munich, Germany.	Rupprecht Geiger	Munich
place of death	A district attorney in Hyderabad filed a case with human rights commission against undisclosed film personalities of Telugu film industry for discrimination against Uday Kiran.	Uday Kiran	Hyderabad
place of death	Edo Patregnani died on 3 December 2013, aged 75, in Cento, Province of Ferrara, Italy.	Edo Patregnani	Cento
place of death	Eugenio Bava (4 June 1886, Italy -- 23 October 1966, Rome, Italy) was an Italian film cinematographer and is the patriarch of the Bava family.	Eugenio Bava	Rome
place of death	Charles de Berlaymont (1510 in Berlaimont? -- 1578 in Namur?) was a leading nobleman in the Low Countries in the 16th century.	Charles de Berlaymont	Namur
place of death	Jean-François Bautte (22 March 1772, Geneva -- 30 November 1837, Geneva) was a Swiss watchmaker and jeweller famous for several reasons: he founded the most complete watch manufacture of his time in Geneva.	Jean-François Bautte	Geneva
place of death	Friedrich August Theodor Winnecke (February 5, 1835 in Groß-Heere, near Hannover -- December 3, 1897 in Bonn) was a German astronomer.	Friedrich August Theodor Winnecke	Bonn
place of death	Patrick de Gayardon (French pronunciation: ​(patʁik də ɡɛjaʁdɔ̃); 23 January 1960, Oullins, Rhône -- 13 April 1998, Hawaii) was a French skydiver, skysurfer and a BASE jumper.	Patrick de Gayardon	Hawaii
place of death	Johann Jakob Sulzer (23 December 1821 -- 27 June 1897) was a Swiss politician, mayor of Winterthur (1858--1873) and President of the Swiss Council of States (1876).	Johann Jakob Sulzer	Winterthur
place of death	Dr. Tinsley Lindley OBE (27 October 1865 in Nottingham -- 31 March 1940 in Nottingham) was an English footballer.	Tinsley Lindley	Nottingham
place of death	William Herbert Dray (23 June 1921, in Montreal -- 6 August 2009, in Toronto) was a Canadian philosopher of history.	William Herbert Dray	Toronto
place of death	Adriaan Koerbagh (1633, Amsterdam -- 1669, Amsterdam) was a Dutch scholar and writer best known as a critic of religion and conventional morality.	Adriaan Koerbagh	Amsterdam
place of death	Louis-Marie Michon (2 November 1802, Blanzy, Saône-et-Loire - 6 May 1866, Paris) was a French surgeon.	Louis-Marie Michon	Paris
place of death	In the Battle of Yamama, Tufayl ibn Amr fell as a martyr.	Tufayl ibn Amr	Battle of Yamama
place of death	Johann Christian Mikan (born December 5, 1769 in Teplitz, died December 28, 1844 in Prague) was an Austrian-Czech botanist, zoologist and entomologist.	Johann Christian Mikan	Prague
place of death	Franz Heinrich Ludolf Ahrens (6 June 1809, Helmstedt -- 25 September 1881, Hanover) was a German philologist.	Franz Heinrich Ludolf Ahrens	Hanover
place of death	Charles Previn (January 11, 1888 - September 21, 1973) was an American film composer who was highly active at Universal in Hollywood during the 1940s and 1950s.	Charles Previn	Hollywood
place of death	Christian Dotremont, (12 December 1922 -- 20 August 1979), was a Belgian painter and poet who was born in Tervuren, Belgium.	Christian Dotremont	Tervuren
place of death	Olfert Dapper was born in early 1636 in the Jordaan in Amsterdam.	Olfert Dapper	Amsterdam
place of death	Giacomo Tebaldi was born in Rome, the son of nobles Marco and Ventura Tebaldi.	Giacomo Tebaldi	Rome
place of death	Matthias Hoë von Hoënegg (24 February 1580, Vienna -- 4 March 1645, Dresden) was a German Lutheran pastor.	Matthias Hoë von Hoënegg	Dresden
place of death	Antonio Neri (29 February 1576, Florence -- 1614, Florence) was a Florentine priest who published L’Arte Vetraria or The Art of Glass in 1612.	Antonio Neri	Florence
place of death	Elizabeth Boothe Hunton (June 20, 1853 -- September 30, 1854) Eppa Hunton III (April 14, 1855 -- March 5, 1932) Their second child, Eppa Hunton III, went on to co-found the notable Richmond law firm Hunton & Williams in 1901.	Eppa Hunton	Richmond
place of death	Heinrich Jakob Fried, born at Queichheim, near Landau, in 1802, studied at Stuttgart and Augsburg, and from 1822 under Langer and Cornelius at the Academy of Munich.	Heinrich Jakob Fried	Munich
place of death	Egidio Vagnozzi was born in Rome to Francesco and Pasqua (née Jachetti) Vagnozzi, and studied at the Minor Seminary, Pontifical Roman Seminary, and Pontifical Lateran University (from where he obtained doctorates in philosophy, theology, and canon law).	Egidio Vagnozzi	Rome
place of death	Givi Javakhishvili was born on December 18, 1912 in Tbilisi in the family of prominent doctor Dimitri Javakhishvili and Anna Magalashvili.	Givi Javakhishvili	Tbilisi
place of death	George II of Brieg (Legnica, 18 July 1523 -- Brzeg, 7 May 1586), was a Duke of Brzeg from 1547 until his death.	George II of Brieg	Brzeg
place of death	Ellen Pollock (29 June 1902 -- 29 March 1997) was a British character actress, mainly appeared on stage in London's West End.	Ellen Pollock	London
place of death	Federico Gana (Santiago, Chile; January 15, 1867 -- April 22, 1926) was a Chilean writer and diplomat.	Federico Gana	Santiago
place of death	Ludwig Arndts von Arnesberg (19 August 1803, Arnsberg, Prussia - 1 March 1878, Vienna) was a German jurist.	Ludwig Arndts von Arnesberg	Vienna
place of death	Edmund William Barker (1 December 1920 -- 12 April 2001, often referred to as ``Edmund W. Barker'', ``E. W. Barker'' or ``Eddie Barker'') was a politician and lawyer from Singapore.	Edmund W. Barker	Singapore
place of death	Saint Gabriel Lalemant (October 3, 1610, Paris, France -- March 17, 1649, Saint Ignace, Ontario) was a Jesuit missionary in New France beginning in 1646.	Gabriel Lalemant	Ontario
place of death	Giovanni Domenico Ferretti (Giandomenico), also called Giandomenico d'Imola (15 June 1692 -- 18 August 1768) was an Italian Rococo style painter from Florence.	Giovanni Domenico Ferretti	Florence
place of death	Jiří Hájek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪr̝iː ˈɦaːjɛk); 6 June 1913, Krhanice near Benešov -- 22 October 1993, Prague) was a Czech politician and diplomat.	Jiří Hájek	Prague
place of death	Eduard Herbst (1820--1892) was an Austrian jurist and statesman, born in Vienna.	Eduard Herbst	Vienna
place of death	Benjaminas Jakševičius (March 31, 1895 in Panevėžys -- August 13, 1979 in Kaunas) was a Lithuanian sculptor and partisan.	Benjaminas Jakševičius	Kaunas
place of death	Adolf Wagner von der Mühl (2 February 1884 in Rohrbach in Oberösterreich -- 27 August 1962 in Vienna) was an Austrian sculptor.	Adolf Wagner von der Mühl	Vienna
place of death	Billo Frómeta (born November 15, 1915 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic - Caracas May 5, 1988) was a Dominican orchestra conductor, arranger and composer who lived and worked most of his life in Venezuela, where he is remembered.	Billo Frómeta	Caracas
place of death	Plácido Francés y Pascual (April 1834, Alcoy - 12 December 1902, Madrid) was a Spanish painter who specialized in portraits, historical scenes and Costumbrista.	Plácido Francés y Pascual	Madrid
place of death	Frederick A. Shannon (May 4, 1921 in Mount Pleasant, Iowa -- August 31, 1965 in Los Angeles County, California) was a U.S. herpetologist and medical doctor.	Frederick A. Shannon	Los Angeles County
place of death	Lluís Claramunt (Barcelona, August 19, 1951 - Zarautz, December 18, 2000) was a Catalan artist.	Lluís Claramunt	Zarautz
place of death	Isaac Cruikshank (1764--1811), Scottish painter and caricaturist, was born in Edinburgh and had most of his career in London.	Isaac Cruikshank	London
place of death	Gottlieb Samuel Studer (5 August 1804, Langnau im Emmental -- 22 December 1890, Vienna) was a Swiss mountaineer, notary public and draughtsman.	Gottlieb Samuel Studer	Vienna
place of death	Kazimierz Stabrowski (born November 21, 1869 in Nowogródek, died June 10, 1929 in Garwolin) was a Polish painter, and director of the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw.	Kazimierz Stabrowski	Garwolin
place of death	Ferre Grignard (13 March 1939 -- 8 August 1982) was a Belgian skiffle-singer from Antwerp who surprised the world in 1965 with his international hits ``Ring Ring, I've Got To Sing'' and ``My Crucified Jesus''.	Ferre Grignard	Antwerp
place of death	Dominique Lefèbvre (1810--1865) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society, Bishop of Isauropolis in partibus infidelium, and Vicar Apostolic in Vietnam during the 19th century.	Dominique Lefèbvre	Vietnam
place of death	Nick LaRocca was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, the son of poor Sicilian immigrants.	Nick LaRocca	New Orleans
place of death	Renato De Manzano (born March 19, 1907 in Trieste, Austria-Hungary, now Italy) was an Italian professional football player.	Renato De Manzano	Trieste
place of death	Alice Hollister's husband died in 1952 and she died in 1973, aged 86, in Costa Mesa, California.	Alice Hollister	Costa Mesa
place of death	Art Mardigian (February 12, 1923, Detroit - June 6, 1977, Detroit), better known as Art Mardigan, was an American jazz drummer.	Art Mardigan	Detroit
place of death	Bartolomeo Suardi, best known as Bramantino (c. 1456 -- c. 1530), was an Italian painter and architect, mainly active in his native Milan.	Bramantino	Milan
place of death	Archie Turner was born in Hartley Wintney and began his professional career with Aldershot North End, before playing for South Farnborough and St. Michael's, Camberley.	Archie Turner	Farnborough
place of death	Giorgio Pini (1 February 1899, in Bologna -- 30 March 1987, in Rome) was an Italian politician and journalist.	Giorgio Pini	Bologna
place of death	Joost de Soete or de Zoete, Lord of Villers or Villiers, (1510--1520, Sluis - March 1589, The Hague) was a Dutch nobleman and Field Marshal who fought in the early years of the Eighty Years' War.	Joost de Soete	The Hague
place of death	Rudolph Hass expanded to Fallbrook, planting an 80-acre (320,000 m2) orchard in 1948 which bore its first crop in 1952, just as his 17-year patent expired.	Rudolph Hass	Fallbrook
place of death	Peter Boenisch (born May 4, 1927 in Berlin; died July 8, 2005 in Gmund am Tegernsee) is a German columnist and journalist.	Peter Boenisch	Gmund am Tegernsee
place of death	Marius Eugène Chaboud (12 April 1907 in Lyon -- 28 December 1983 in Montfermeil, Seine-Saint-Denis) was a racing driver from France.	Eugène Chaboud	Montfermeil
place of death	Arthur Rigby (born 7 June 1900 in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester, England; died March 1960 in Crewe, England) was an English professional footballer who played as inside left or outside left.	Arthur Rigby	Crewe
place of death	Philip Fruytiers (alternative spellings: Philip Fruijtiers, Philip Fruitiers) (1610, Antwerp -- 1666, Antwerp) was a Flemish Baroque painter and engraver.	Philip Fruytiers	Antwerp
place of death	Ernest Vajda (27 May 1886, Komárno, Austria-Hungary, today Slovakia - 3 April 1954, Woodland Hills, California; birth name Ernő Vajda) was a Hungarian actor, playwright and novelist, but is more famous today for his screenplays.	Ernest Vajda	Woodland Hills
place of death	Hermes Lima (born Livramento de Nossa Senhora, 22 December 1902; died Rio de Janeiro, 10 October 1978) was Brazilian politician who was the Prime Minister of Brazil, jurist, and winner of the 1975 Prêmio Machado de Assis.	Hermes Lima	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Salvatore Fergola (1799 -- 7 March 1874) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes or vedute in and around his native Naples.	Salvatore Fergola	Naples
place of death	Stanisław Baczyński aka ``Adam Kersten'', ``Bittner'', ``Akst'' (born 27 July 1890 in Lwów -- 27 July 1939 in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish writer, literary critic, journalist, soldier of the Polish Legions and captain of the Polish Army.	Stanisław Baczyński	Warsaw
place of death	Othmar Schimkowitz (October 2, 1864 in Tárts, Komárom County -- April 24, 1947 in Graz) was a Hungarian-born architectural sculptor who worked on the greatest landmarks of the Vienna Secession.	Othmar Schimkowitz	Graz
place of death	Bertoldo di Giovanni (after 1420 Poggio a Caiano -- 28 December 1491 Florence) was an Italian sculptor and medallist.	Bertoldo di Giovanni	Poggio a Caiano
place of death	Enrico Bandini (September 13, 1807 -- February 27, 1888) was an Italian painter, active in Parma, Italy.	Enrico Bandini	Parma
place of death	Betty Neels (born 15 September 1909 in Leyton, England -- d. 7 June 2001 in England) was a prolific British writer of over 134 romance novels (first publication entirely for Mills & Boon in United Kingdom and later reprinted in the North America by Harlequin), beginning in 1969 and continuing until her death.	Betty Neels	England
place of death	Keene Thompson (born November 15, 1885 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, died July 11, 1937 in Hollywood, California) was a story, scenario and screenwriter who worked in the film industry from 1920 to 1937.	Keene Thompson	Hollywood
place of death	John Emory Andrus (February 16, 1841 -- December 26, 1934) was mayor of Yonkers, New York, a U.S. Congressman from New York, and founder of the SURDNA Foundation.	John Emory Andrus	Yonkers
place of death	Nicholas Stone was born in 1586, the son of a quarryman of Woodbury, near Exeter.	Nicholas Stone	Exeter
place of death	Giovanni Manzolini (1700-1755) was a Bolognese artist, an expert maker of wax anatomical models and a professor of anatomy at the University of Bologna.	Giovanni Manzolini	Bologna
place of death	Peter Mennin (born Mennini) (May 17, 1923, Erie, Pennsylvania -- June 17, 1983, New York City) was an American composer and teacher of Italian descent.	Peter Mennin	New York City
place of death	Johann Melchior Goeze (born October 16, 1717 in Halberstadt, †May 19, 1786 in Hamburg, epithet: Zionswächter, i.e. Zion's Guardian) was a Lutheran pastor and theologian during the period of Late Orthodoxy.	Johann Melchior Goeze	Hamburg
place of death	From 1844 to 1849 Peter Fuchs was an apprentice mason in the Cologne Dombauhütte and for the next two years he worked as a mason for St. Nicolai in Hamburg and in the studio of Vincenz Statz in Cologne.	Peter Fuchs	Cologne
place of death	Robert F. Ensko I (October 17, 1855 -- May 13, 1934) also known as Robert Ensko, Sr. was a Manhattan silver expert and author of Makers of Early American Silver in 1915.	Robert Ensko	Manhattan
place of death	Clemens Timpler (1563 in Stolpen -- 28 February 1624 in Steinfurt) was a German philosopher, physicist and theologian.	Clemens Timpler	Steinfurt
place of death	Ferit Tüzün (24 April 1929, Istanbul -- 21 October 1977, Ankara) was a Turkish composer.	Ferit Tüzün	Ankara
place of death	Milan Ćurčin (Pančevo, 14 November 1880 -- Zagreb, 20 January 1960) was a Serbian poet and editor of an influential magazine, printed in Zagreb during the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.	Milan Ćurčin	Zagreb
place of death	Wong Shun Leung (Chinese: 黃淳樑; pinyin: Huang Shun Liáng; Jyutping: Wong4 Seon4 Loeng4; 8 May 1935 -- 28 January 1997) was a Chinese martial artist from Hong Kong who studied Wing Chun kung fu under Yip Man (葉問) and was credited with training Bruce Lee.	Wong Shun Leung	Hong Kong
place of death	Annie Jiagge After learning of a young woman who was raped in Accra after coming there from the countryside for a job interview, Jiagge sought government assistance to provide safe accommodations for visiting women.	Annie Jiagge	Accra
place of death	Júlia Székely (Budapest, 8 May 1906 -- 19 March 1986) was a Hungarian writer and musician.	Júlia Székely	Budapest
place of death	Luigi Da Porto (Vicenza, 1485 -- May 10, 1529) was an Italian writer and storiographer, better known as the author of the novel Novella novamente ritrovata with the story of Romeo and Juliet, later reprised by William Shakespeare for his famous drama.	Luigi Da Porto	Vicenza
place of death	Gregorio Marañón y Posadillo (19 May 1887 in Madrid -- 27 March 1960 in Madrid) was a Spanish physician, scientist, historian, writer and philosopher.	Gregorio Marañón	Madrid
place of death	Evald Aav (7 March (O.S. 22 February) 1900 -- 21 March 1939) was an Estonian composer born in Tallinn, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire.	Evald Aav	Tallinn
place of death	Theodoor van Loon (1581 or 1582, in Erkelenz -- 1649, in Maastricht) was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Theodoor van Loon	Maastricht
place of death	Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Joseph de Pasquale was a student of Louis Bailly, Max Aronoff and William Primrose at the Curtis Institute of Music.	Joseph de Pasquale	Philadelphia
place of death	Jean-Nicolas Boulay (11 June 1837 in Vagney -- 19 October 1905 in Lille) was a French clergyman, bryologist and paleobotanist.	Jean-Nicolas Boulay	Lille
place of death	Franz Rühl (26 October 1845, Hanau -- 3 July 1915, Jena) was a German historian who published numerous works in the field of classical history.	Franz Rühl	Jena
place of death	Pieter Frans Christiaan Koch, better known as Pyke Koch (Beek, July 15, 1901 -- Wassenaar, October 27, 1991), was a Dutch artist who painted in a magic realist manner.	Pyke Koch	Wassenaar
place of death	Blanche Partington (25 November 1866 -- 12 March 1951) was a prominent San Francisco journalist and member of the San Francisco Bay Area literary and cultural scene.	Blanche Partington	San Francisco
place of death	Otto Dietze (Latvian: Oto Dīce) (1 July 1833, Chemnitz -- 17 October 1890, Riga) was a German-born architect.	Otto Dietze	Riga
place of death	Count Friedrich August von Harrach-Rohrau, (Vienna, June 8, 1696 -- Vienna, June 4, 1749), was plenipotentiary minister of the Austrian Netherlands (1732--1741) and became Governor-General ad interim in 1741--1744.	Friedrich August von Harrach-Rohrau	Vienna
place of death	Daniel Pope Cook was born in Scott County, Kentucky into an impoverished branch of the prominent Pope family of Kentucky and Virginia.	Daniel Pope Cook	Scott County
place of death	Håkon Flood (1905 - 2001) was a professor of inorganic chemistry at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondheim, Norway, from 1953 to 1975.	Håkon Flood	Trondheim
place of death	Jan Kreczmar (6 May 1908 in Warsaw - 29 August 1972 in Warsaw) was a Polish theatre and film actor.	Jan Kreczmar	Warsaw
place of death	Karl Chmielewski (born 16 July 1903 in Frankfurt am Main; died 1 December 1991 in Bernau am Chiemsee) was a German SS officer and concentration camp commandant.	Karl Chmielewski	Bernau am Chiemsee
place of death	Alois Eliáš (29 September 1890 Prague -- 19 June 1942 Prague) was a Czechoslovak general and politician.	Alois Eliáš	Prague
place of death	Giuseppe Porta (1520--1575), also known as Giuseppe Salviati, was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active mostly in Venice.	Giuseppe Porta	Venice
place of death	Jacques Aliamet (30 November 1726, Abbeville - 29 May 1788, Paris) was a French engraver.	Jacques Aliamet	Paris
place of death	Jürgen Kröger (16 November 1856 in Haale, Germany -- 27 February 1928 in Aukrug) was a German architect, active from 1880 to 1920.	Jürgen Kröger	Aukrug
place of death	Raffaele Bendandi (Faenza, 17 October 1893 -- Faenza, 3 November 1979) was an Italian clockmaker known for his predictions of earthquakes.	Raffaele Bendandi	Faenza
place of death	Franz Hamburger (14 August 1874 in Pitten -- 29 August 1954 in Vöcklabruck) was an Austrian doctor and university lecturer.	Franz Hamburger	Vöcklabruck
place of death	Sigmund Gundelfinger (14 February 1846 in Kirchberg an der Jagst -- 13 December 1910 in Darmstadt) was a German mathematician who introduced the Gundelfinger quartic and proved the completeness of the invariants of a ternary cubic.	Sigmund Gundelfinger	Darmstadt
place of death	Hans Fährmann (December 17, 1860, Lommatzsch (Saxony) -- June 29, 1940, Dresden) was a German composer of Romantic music and organist.	Hans Fährmann	Dresden
place of death	Slavko Šurdonja (1 October 1912 in Sušak -- 8 January 1943 in Belgrade) was a Croatian, Yugoslav international, football player.	Slavko Šurdonja	Belgrade
place of death	Conrad Quensel (10 December 1767, Schonen -22 August 1806 Schloss Karlberg in Stockholm) was a Swedish naturalist.	Conrad Quensel	Stockholm
place of death	Karl Ernst Jarcke (10 November 1801, Danzig, Prussia -- 27 December 1852, Vienna) was a German publisher and professor of criminal law, who took a conservative stance towards revolutionary movements in the early nineteenth century.	Karl Ernst Jarcke	Vienna
place of death	Li Fenglou was born in Tongzhou, Zhili (now part of Beijing) and would graduate from the Fu Jen Catholic University where he would become a sports teacher.	Li Fenglou	Beijing
place of death	John Webber RA (London 6 October 1751 -- 29 May 1793 London) was an English artist who accompanied Captain Cook on his third Pacific expedition.	John Webber	London
place of death	Claudio Tolomei (Asciano, 1492 - Rome, 1556) was an Italian philologist.	Claudio Tolomei	Rome
place of death	Karel Hubáček (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkarɛl ˈɦubaːtʃɛk); 23 February 1924 -- 25 November 2011) was a Czech architect who designed the Ještěd Tower and hotel atop the Ještěd mountain near Liberec.	Karel Hubáček	Liberec
place of death	Lawrence Calcagno died on April 28, 1993 in State College, PA, while visiting relatives.	Lawrence Calcagno	State College
place of death	Peter Gläser was born in Leipzig, then administered as part of the Soviet occupation zone in what was left of Germany when the war had ended, a little under four years earlier.	Peter Gläser	Leipzig
place of death	Karl Blank (Russian: Карл Иванович Бланк) (1728--1793) was a Russian architect, notable as one of the last practitioners of Baroque architecture and the first Moscow architect to build early neoclassical buildings.	Karl Blank	Moscow
place of death	Palladas (Greek: Παλλαδᾶς; fl. 4th century AD) was a Greek poet, who lived in Alexandria, Egypt.	Palladas	Alexandria
place of death	Paul Guillaume (Paris, 1891 -- Paris, 1934) was a French art dealer.	Paul Guillaume	Paris
place of death	Jost Bürgi (also Joost, Jobst; Latinized surname Burgius or Byrgius; 28 February 1552 -- 31 January 1632), active primarily at the courts in Kassel and Prague, was a Swiss clockmaker, a maker of astronomical instruments and a mathematician.	Jost Bürgi	Kassel
place of death	Gillis van Tilborch was likely born in Brussels.	Gillis van Tilborch	Brussels
place of death	Giacomo Brogi created his first studio in Corso Tintori, in Florence in 1864.	Giacomo Brogi	Florence
place of death	James Ponder (October 31, 1819 -- November 5, 1897) was an American merchant and politician from Milton, in Sussex County, Delaware.	James Ponder	Milton
place of death	Jacques Charles Émile Jouguet (5 January 1871, Bessèges (Gard) -- 2 April 1943, Montpellier) was a French engineer and scientist, whose name is attached to the Chapman--	Émile Jouguet	Montpellier
place of death	Tom Souville (24 February 1777, Calais -- 31 December 1839, Calais), was a privateer and ``rescue of Calais'', causing the first ``rescue boat'' from Calais, lateen-rigged in 1819 with the support of society to Agriculture Calais.	Tom Souville	Calais
place of death	Between 1676 (when he was 16 years old) and 1686, Peter Strudel came to the Hofburg in Vienna and, together with his brother Paul Strudel, obtained a position as painter to the Imperial Court.	Peter Strudel	Vienna
place of death	Konstantin Velichkov died on his way to Grenoble in November 1907.	Konstantin Velichkov	Grenoble
place of death	Janko Matúška (* 10 January 1821, Dolný Kubín, † 11 January 1877, Dolný Kubín) was a Slovak poet, activist, occasional playwright, and clerk of the court.	Janko Matúška	Dolný Kubín
place of death	Jean Jimmy Alexandre (March 9, 1974 -- January 12, 2010), better known by his stage name Jimmy O, was a Haitian hip hop artist who was born in Port-au-Prince and lived in New York City.	Jimmy O	Port-au-Prince
place of death	Jean-Jacques Kieffer (1857 Guinkirchen--1925 Bitche) was a French naturalist and entomologist who specialised in the study of parasitic insects.	Jean-Jacques Kieffer	Bitche
place of death	Hans Schinz (December 6, 1858 -- October 30, 1941) was a Swiss explorer and botanist who was a native of Zürich.	Hans Schinz	Zürich
place of death	Witold Szalonek - born in 1927 in Czechowice-Dziedzice, died in 2001 in Berlin, Polish composer.	Witold Szalonek	Berlin
place of death	Erik Leonard Ekman (14 October 1883, Stockholm -- 15 January 1931, Santiago de los Caballeros) was a Swedish botanist and explorer .	Erik Leonard Ekman	Santiago de los Caballeros
place of death	Petrus Christus (c. 1410/1420 -- 1475/1476) was an Early Netherlandish painter active in Bruges from 1444, where, along with Hans Memling, he became the leading painter after the death of Jan van Eyck.	Petrus Christus	Bruges
place of death	Ion Popescu-Gopo (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈon poˈpesku ˈɡopo); 1 May 1923 -- 28 November 1989) was a Romanian graphic artist and animator, but also writer, movie director and actor born in Bucharest, Romania.	Ion Popescu-Gopo	Bucharest
place of death	Andreas Heusler (10 August 1865 in Basel -- 28 February 1940 in Basel) was a Swiss medievalist, specialising in Germanic and Norse studies.	Andreas Heusler	Basel
place of death	Henry Maurice Goguel (20 March 1880 -- 31 March 1955) was Dean of the Faculty of Protestant Theology in Paris, director of studies at the Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes, and professor at the Sorbonne.	Maurice Goguel	Paris
place of death	Captain John Lightfoot Trollope, MC & Bar, (Wallington, 30 May 1897 - Hove, 21 October 1958) was a British First World War flying ace, who was the first British pilot to shoot down 7 enemy aircraft in one day, on 24 March 1918.	John Lightfoot Trollope	Hove
place of death	Marian Kozlowski (December 10, 1927, in Warsaw, Poland -- August 15, 2004, in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish basketball administrator.	Marian Kozlowski	Warsaw
place of death	Stefan Dimitrov Todorov (Bulgarian: Стефан Димитров Тодоров) (5 February 1889 in Dupnitsa -- 26 August 1944 in Bryansk), better known as Stanke Dimitrov (Станке Димитров) or under the pseudonym Marek (Марек), was a high-ranking Bulgarian Communist Party activist and anti-fascist.	Stanke Dimitrov	Bryansk
place of death	In honor of Yakub Kolas, a square and a street in the center of Minsk bear his name.	Yakub Kolas	Minsk
place of death	Vanya Voynova (Bulgarian: Ваня Войнова; December 27, 1934 in Sofia, Bulgaria -- March 9, 1993 in Sofia, Bulgaria) was a Bulgarian basketball player.	Vanya Voynova	Sofia
place of death	Louis-Urbain-Aubert de Tourny (1695, Les Andelys - 1760, Paris) was a French administrator active in 18th century Bordeaux.	Louis-Urbain-Aubert de Tourny	Paris
place of death	Werner Schreyer (14 November 1930 in Nuremberg; 12 February 2006 in Bochum) was a German mineralogist and experimental metamorphic petrologist.	Werner Schreyer	Bochum
place of death	Ecaterina Stahl-Iencic (Hungarian: Katalin Jencsik, 31 July 1946, Satu Mare, Romania -- 26 November 2009) was a Romanian foil fencer, world champion in 1975.	Ecaterina Stahl-Iencic	Satu Mare
place of death	Camillo Berneri (also known as Camillo da Lodi; May 28, 1897, Lodi -- May 5, 1937, Barcelona) was an Italian professor of philosophy, anarchist militant, propagandist and theorist.	Camillo Berneri	Barcelona
place of death	Siegfried Aufhäuser (born 1 January 1884 in Augsburg -- died 6 December 1969 in Berlin) was a German politician and union leader, and from 1921 to 1933, chairman of the largely white-collar AfA-Bund.	Siegfried Aufhäuser	Berlin
place of death	Erasmus de Bie (1629, Antwerp -- 1675, Antwerp) was a Flemish painter known for his city views and landscapes.	Erasmus de Bie	Antwerp
place of death	Samuel Bronston (Samuel Bronshtein, March 26, 1908, Bessarabia -- January 12, 1994, Sacramento, California) was a Bessarabian-born American film producer, film director, and a nephew of socialist revolutionary figure, Leon Trotsky.	Samuel Bronston	Sacramento
place of death	Pieter Teyler van der Hulst was born on 25 March 1702 in Haarlem in the Dutch Republic.	Pieter Teyler van der Hulst	Haarlem
place of death	Juozas Balčikonis (March 24, 1885 in Ėriškiai, Panevėžys district -- February 5, 1969 in Vilnius) was a Lithuanian linguist and teacher, who contributed to the standardization of the Lithuanian language.	Juozas Balčikonis	Vilnius
place of death	Hassan al-Banna was born on the 14th of October 1906 in Egypt in Mahmudiyya, a rural town located northwest of Cairo in Beheira Governorate in the Nile delta.	Hassan al-Banna	Cairo
place of death	Annemarie von Nathusius, originally Anna Maria Luise von Nathusius (28 August 1874, Ludom/Poznań -- 17 October 1926, Berlin), was a German novelist who wrote boldly about issues of women's sexuality and lived a distinctly unconventional life.	Annemarie von Nathusius	Berlin
place of death	Dr. Božidar Širola (Žakanje, 1889 - Zagreb, 1956) was a Croatian composer, musicologist and ethnomusicologist.	Božidar Širola	Zagreb
place of death	John, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg (died 10 August 1328, fell in battle near Wetzlar) was the third son of Count Otto I of Nassau and his wife Agnes (d. 1303), daughter of Count Emich IV of Leiningen-Landeck.	John, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg	Wetzlar
place of death	Ion Pillat (March 31, 1891 in Bucharest -- April 17, 1945 in Bucharest) was a distinguished Romanian poet.	Ion Pillat	Bucharest
place of death	Aleksander Kokular (9 August 1793, Warsaw - 6 April 1846, Warsaw) was a Polish painter, art collector and teacher.	Aleksander Kokular	Warsaw
place of death	Léonce Lagarde, comte de Rouffeyroux, (1860, Lempdes (Haute-Loire) -- 15 February 1936, Paris) was a French colonial governor of French Somaliland and ambassador.	Léonce Lagarde	Paris
place of death	Michael Stapleton (born Dublin, Ireland, in 1747, died 8 August 1801, in Dublin) is regarded as having been the most skilled stuccodore working in the neoclassical or ``Adam'' style that dominated Dublin interior decoration in the final decades of the 18th century.	Michael Stapleton	Dublin
place of death	Thomas Carmody (October 9, 1859 in Milo, Yates County, New York -- January 22, 1922 in New Rochelle, Westchester County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician.	Thomas Carmody	New Rochelle
place of death	Colonel Theodore S. Westhusing (November 17, 1960 -- June 5, 2005), a West Point professor of English and Philosophy, volunteered to serve in Iraq in late 2004 and died in Baghdad in June 2005 from an allegedly self-inflicted gunshot wound.	Theodore S. Westhusing	Baghdad
place of death	Hildebold (died 3 September 818) was the Bishop of Cologne from 787 until 795 and the first Archbishop of Cologne thereafter.	Hildebold	Cologne
place of death	Josephus Laurentius Dyckmans or Jozef Laurent Dyckmans (Lier, 9 August 1811 -- Antwerp, 8 January 1888) was a Belgian painter mainly of genre scenes and portraits whose painstakingly detailed pictures earned him the nickname 'The Belgian Gerard Dou'.	Josephus Laurentius Dyckmans	Antwerp
place of death	Alois Reiser (April 6, 1887 - April 4, 1977 in Los Angeles) was an American composer of Czechoslovakian origin.	Alois Reiser	Los Angeles
place of death	George Morland (26 June 1763 in London -- 29 October 1804 in Brighton) was an English painter of animals and rustic scenes.	George Morland	London
place of death	Oleksiy Fedorov died on September 9, 1989 in Kiev, a monument was built to honour partisan hero of anti-Nazi struggle in his native Dnipropetrovsk.	Oleksiy Fedorov	Kiev
place of death	Alfred Kordelin (6 November 1868, Rauma -- 7 November 1917, Mommila, Hausjärvi) was a Finnish industrialist, businessman, entrepreneur, and a major philanthropist.	Alfred Kordelin	Hausjärvi
place of death	Nicolas-Henri Tardieu was born in Paris on 18 January 1674 and was baptized three days later.	Nicolas-Henri Tardieu	Paris
place of death	Robert Saitschick or Robert Saitschik (Russian: Рувим Маркович Зайчик; April 24, 1868, Mstsislau, Russian Empire -- February 23, 1965, Horgen) was a Swiss philosopher.	Robert Saitschick	Horgen
place of death	Franz Umbscheiden (1821 Grünstadt, Rhine Province - December 13, 1874 Newark, New Jersey) was a revolutionary during the revolutions of 1848 who emigrated to the United States (one of the Forty-Eighters) and became a journalist.	Franz Umbscheiden	Newark
place of death	Javier Portales, whose birth name was Miguel Ángel Álvarez, (Tancacha, Córdoba, Argentina, 21 April 1937 - Buenos Aires, 14 October 2003) was an Argentine actor with work in television, film and theater.	Javier Portales	Buenos Aires
place of death	Heinrich Christian Schwan (April 5, 1819 - May 29, 1905), a German Lutheran pastor, served as a missionary in Brazil, a pastor in Cleveland, Ohio, and Central District President and General President in the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod.	Heinrich Christian Schwan	Cleveland
place of death	Thomas Sim Lee (October 29, 1745 -- November 9, 1819) was an American planter and statesman of Frederick County, Maryland.	Thomas Sim Lee	Frederick County
place of death	Wing Commander General František Peřina (8 April 1911, Morkůvky u Břeclavi; died 6 May 2006 in Prague) was a Czech fighter pilot, an ace during World War II with the French Armée de l'Air, who also served twice with Britain's Royal Air Force.	František Peřina	Prague
place of death	Marvin Warlick Carr (January 4, 1921 -- July 9, 2008) was a prominent American attorney in Lubbock, Texas, and the brother of former Texas Attorney General Waggoner Carr.	Warlick Carr	Lubbock
place of death	Roberto Lordi (Naples, 11 April 1984 -- Rome, 24 March 1944) was Brigadier General of the Regia Aeronautica, Gold Medal of Military Valour Recipient and Martyr in the Fosse Ardeatine Massacre.	Roberto Lordi	Rome
place of death	James Guillaume (February 16, 1844, London -- November 20, 1916, Paris) was a leading member of the Jura federation, the anarchist wing of the First International.	James Guillaume	Paris
place of death	Norbert Riedel (* 1 April 1912 in Jägerndorf, Sudetenland, then Austria-Hungary; † 24 February 1963 in Zürs am Arlberg, Austria) was an engineer and entrepreneur.	Norbert Riedel	Zürs
place of death	Paul Ernest Sanson (Paris, 12 May 1836 -- Paris, 15 January 1918) was a French architect trained in the Beaux-Arts manner.	Ernest Sanson	Paris
place of death	Joaquín Capilla Pérez (December 23, 1928 -- May 8, 2010), born in Mexico City, was a Mexican diver.	Joaquín Capilla	Mexico City
place of death	Johann Gottlob Immanuel Breitkopf (Leipzig, 23 November 1719 -- 28 January 1794, Leipzig) was a German music publisher and typographer.	Johann Gottlob Immanuel Breitkopf	Leipzig
place of death	Oscar Brown, Sr. was a prominent Chicago businessman, lawyer and community activist.	Oscar Brown, Sr.	Chicago
place of death	Cesare Dell'Acqua (Piran, 22 July 1821 - Brussels, 16 February 1905) was an Italian painter known for historical works.	Cesare Dell'Acqua	Brussels
place of death	Vicente López Carril (December 2, 1942, A Coruña, province of A Coruña - March 29, 1980, Gijón, Asturias) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist from A Coruña.	Vicente López Carril	Gijón
place of death	Milan Antolković (born 27 September 1915 in Zagreb, died 27 June 2007 in Zagreb) was a Croatian footballer who played international football for the both the Croatian and Royal Yugoslav national teams.	Milan Antolković	Zagreb
place of death	Oldřich Blažíček (January 5, 1887 in Slavkovice, Nové Město na Moravě - May 3, 1953 in Prague) was a Czech painter, representative of modern landscape paintings.	Oldřich Blažíček	Prague
place of death	Otto Gruppe (18 July 1851, Berlin -- 27 November 1921, Berlin) was a German mythographer, remembered for his ``Griechische Mythologie und Religion-Geschichte'' (1906), which summed up the 19th century reading of Greek mythology through surviving texts.	Otto Gruppe	Berlin
place of death	Ludwig von Flotow, after 1919 known simply as Ludwig Flotow (17 November 1867 in Vienna - 6 April 1948 in Gmunden) was an Austro-Hungarian statesman.	Ludwig von Flotow	Gmunden
place of death	Honorio Delgado Espinosa (born Arequipa, 26 September 1892 - died Lima, 28 November 1969) was a gifted teacher, a creative researcher, a humanist, a philosopher, a linguist, and scholar whose work covered almost 50 years of the 20th-century history of Latin American psychiatry.	Honorio Delgado	Lima
place of death	Guntram (``war raven''; c. 532 in Soissons -- 28 January 592, Chalon-sur-Saône), also called Gontram, Gontran, Gunthram, Gunthchramn or (Saint) Guntramnus, was the king of Burgundy from 561 to 592.	Guntram	Chalon-sur-Saône
place of death	Nicola Salvi or Niccolò Salvi (6 August 1697 (Rome) -- 8 February 1751 (Rome)) was an Italian architect; among his few projects completed is the famous Trevi fountain in Rome, Italy.	Nicola Salvi	Rome
place of death	Samuel Hoffmann (1591, Zürich -- 1648, Frankfurt), was a Baroque painter from Zurich.	Samuel Hoffmann	Frankfurt
place of death	Jules Mouquet studied at the Conservatoire de Paris with Théodore Dubois and Xavier Leroux.	Jules Mouquet	Paris
place of death	In October 1968, at the age of 59, Freddie Frinton died suddenly from a heart attack in London.	Freddie Frinton	London
place of death	Dr Eusebio Rodolfo Cordón Cea (December 16, 1899 in Sonsonate -- January 9, 1966 in Mejicanos) was provisional president of El Salvador between January 25 and July 1, 1962.	Eusebio Rodolfo Cordón Cea	Mejicanos
place of death	Jakob Streit (23 September 1910 in Spiez, Switzerland -- 15 May 2009 in Spiez) was a Swiss author, teacher and anthroposophist.	Jakob Streit	Spiez
place of death	Lev Mordukhov Tseitlin (Лев Цейтлин 1884, in Pinsk -- July 8, 1930, in New York City), billed as Leo Zeitlin, was a Russian composer.	Leo Zeitlin	New York City
place of death	Melchior Adam (c. 1575 in Grottkau -- 26 December 1622, in Heidelberg) was a German literature historian.	Melchior Adam	Heidelberg
place of death	The Rex Bell Elementary School in Las Vegas was named in honor of Bell.	Rex Bell	Las Vegas
place of death	Henri Meunier (born Henri Georges Jean Isidore Meunier; 25 July 1873 Ixelles -- 8 September 1922 Brussels) was a Belgian Art Nouveau lithographer, etcher, illustrator, bookbinder and poster designer of the Belle Époque.	Henri Meunier	Brussels
place of death	Paul Gavarni was the nom de plume of Sulpice Guillaume Chevalier (13 January 1804, Paris -- 24 November 1866), a French illustrator, born in Paris.	Paul Gavarni	Paris
place of death	Julius Echter von Mespelbrunn (18 March 1545 -- 13 September 1617) was a Prince-Bishop of Würzburg, Echter was born in Mespelbrunn Castle, Spessart (Lower Franconia) and died in Würzburg.	Julius Echter von Mespelbrunn	Würzburg
place of death	Engelbert I, Count of the Mark (died 16 November 1277 at Castle of Bredevoort) was a German nobleman.	Engelbert I, Count of the Mark	Castle of Bredevoort
place of death	Dom Nikollë Kaçorri died in 1917 in Vienna, at the age of 55, from cancer.	Nikollë Kaçorri	Vienna
place of death	Georg Cracow, Kraków, Cracov, Cracau or Cracovius (7 November 1525, Stettin - 17 March 1575, Leipzig) was a German lawyer and statesman.	Georg Cracow	Leipzig
place of death	Matthias Christian Rabbethge (1 March 1804, Klein Rodensleben - 26 December 1902, Klein Wanzleben) was a German sugar beet grower and sugar manufacturer.	Matthias Christian Rabbethge	Klein Wanzleben
place of death	Nick Travis (b. Nov. 16, 1925, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - d. Oct. 7, 1964, New York City) was an American jazz trumpeter.	Nick Travis	New York City
place of death	Alfonso Franco (1466 -- 1524), was an Italian painter from Messina, Sicily, active during the Italian Renaissance.	Alfonso Franco	Messina
place of death	Otto Hönigschmid (March 13, 1878, in Hořovice -- October 14, 1945, in Munich) was a Czech/Austrian chemist.	Otto Hönigschmid	Munich
place of death	Toshiro Mayuzumi (黛 敏郎 Mayuzumi Toshirō (majɯᵝzɯᵝmi toɕiɽoo); 20 February 1929, in Yokohama -- 10 April 1997, in Kawasaki) was a Japanese composer.	Toshiro Mayuzumi	Kawasaki
place of death	Khalifa Bin Yousef was a statesman who played a significant role in the creation of The United Arab Emirates and in the economic and political life of the time in the Persian Gulf.	Khalifa Bin Yousef	United Arab Emirates
place of death	Blessed Grimoaldo of the Purification (May 4, 1883, Pontecorvo, Frosinone, Italy -- November 18, 1902, Ceccano, Italy), born Ferdinando Santamaria, was a religious and clerical student of the Congregation of the Passion of Jesus Christ, who was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1995.	Grimoaldo of the Purification	Ceccano
place of death	Georg Franck von Franckenau (born 3 May 1643 in Naumburg (Saale); died 17 June 1704 in Copenhagen) was a German physician and botanist.	Georg Franck von Franckenau	Copenhagen
place of death	Matteo Zane ( -1605) was the Patriarch of Venice from 1600 to 1605.	Matteo Zane	Venice
place of death	Ernst Melchior (26 June 1920 in Villach -- 5 August 1978 in Rouen, France) was an Austrian football player.	Ernst Melchior	Rouen
place of death	Bill Gallo (December 28, 1922 -- May 10, 2011) was a cartoonist and newspaper columnist for the New York Daily News.	Bill Gallo	New York
place of death	Raymond Hornberger (born December 23, 1898; died May 1976 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a former U.S. soccer halfback.	Raymond Hornberger	Philadelphia
place of death	Pierre-Jules Cavelier (Paris 30 August 1814 -- 1894 Paris) was a French academic sculptor.	Pierre-Jules Cavelier	Paris
place of death	Rudolf August Oetker (20 September 1916, Bielefeld -- 16 January 2007, Hamburg) was a German entrepreneur who became a billionaire running his private food company Oetker-Gruppe.	Rudolf August Oetker	Hamburg
place of death	Josep Irla died on 19 September 1958, shortly before turning 82, in Saint-Raphaël, Var (Provence).	Josep Irla	Saint-Raphaël
place of death	Charles Godefroy (29 December 1888 at La Flèche (Sarthe) -- 11 December 1958 at Soisy-sous-Montmorency, (Val d'Oise), north of Paris) was a French aviator who became famous by his spectacular flight passing through the Arc de Triomphe in Paris in 1919.	Charles Godefroy	Soisy-sous-Montmorency
place of death	Mikayil Mushfig (Azerbaijani: Mikayıl Müşfiq, born Mikayil Ismayilzadeh) (5 June 1908, Baku -- 06 January 1938, Baku) was an Azerbaijani poet of the 1930s.	Mikayil Mushfig	Baku
place of death	José Camarón y Bononat (May 18, 1731 -- June 14, 1803) was a Spanish painter, mainly active in Valencia, where he became director of the Academy of San Carlos.	José Camarón y Bononat	Valencia
place of death	Nataniel Aguirre (Cochabamba, Bolivia, October 10, 1843 -- Montevideo, Uruguay, September 11, 1888), was a prominent Bolivian lawyer, diplomat, politician, writer, and historian.	Nataniel Aguirre	Montevideo
place of death	Johann Wilhelm Hittorf (27 March 1824 -- 28 November 1914) was a German physicist who was born in Bonn and died in Münster, Germany.	Johann Wilhelm Hittorf	Münster
place of death	Louis III, Duke of Württemberg, (German: Ludwig der Fromme; 1 January 1554, Stuttgart -- 28 August 1593, Stuttgart) was a German nobleman.	Louis III, Duke of Württemberg	Stuttgart
place of death	Leopold Niemirowski (1810, Tahaczyn, Volhynian Governorate - December 1883, Liuboml) was a self-taught Polish painter; exiled to Siberia for his revolutionary activities.	Leopold Niemirowski	Liuboml
place of death	Otto Mainzer (26 November 1903 in Frankfurt am Main -- 28 June 1995 in New York City) was a German-American writer.	Otto Mainzer	New York City
place of death	Dale Van Every (July 23, 1896, Van, Michigan -- May 28, 1976, Santa Barbara, California) was an American writer, film producer and studio executive.	Dale Van Every	Santa Barbara
place of death	Pius Keller (30 September 1825 in Ballingshausen, Bavaria, Germany -- 15 March 1904 in Münnerstadt, Germany) was an Augustinian friar, a teacher, and a leader who revitalized The Order of Saint Augustine in Germany.	Pius Keller	Münnerstadt
place of death	Louisa Horton Hill died on January 25, 2008, at the Lillian Booth Actors' Fund Home in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 87.	Louisa Horton	New Jersey
place of death	Matthew of Janow (d. 1394 in Prague) was a fourteenth-century Bohemian ecclesiastical writer.	Matthew of Janow	Prague
place of death	John Cloake CMG FSA D Litt (2 December 1924 -- 9 July 2014) was a historian and author of several works mostly relating to the local history of Richmond upon Thames and surrounding areas.	John Cloake	Richmond
place of death	Sándor Wekerle (14 November 1848, Mór -- 26 August 1921, Budapest) was a Hungarian politician who served three times as prime minister.	Sándor Wekerle	Budapest
position held	Jon Richards (born September 5, 1963) is an American attorney and former teacher from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, serving as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 19th Assembly District since 1999 and currently serving as chairman of the Health and Healthcare Reform Committee.	Jon Richards	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Pavlos Oikonomou-Gouras (Greek: Παύλος Οικονόμου-Γκούρας, 1897--1991) was a Greek diplomat and thrice Minister for Foreign Affairs of Greece.	Pavlos Oikonomou-Gouras	Minister for Foreign Affairs of Greece
position held	Maurice Le Bègue de Germiny was born the 23 November 1939 and he is bishop of Blois since 1997.	Maurice Le Bègue de Germiny	bishop
position held	Woodbridge Nathan Ferris (January 6, 1853 -- March 23, 1928) was an educator from New York, Illinois and Michigan, as well as Democratic statesman and the 28th Governor of Michigan (1913--1917).	Woodbridge Nathan Ferris	Governor of Michigan
position held	Ernest of Bavaria (German: Ernst von Bayern) (17 December 1554 -- 17 February 1612) was Prince-elector-archbishop of the Archbishopric of Cologne from 1583 to 1612 as successor of the expelled Gebhard Truchsess von Waldburg.	Ernest of Bavaria	archbishop
position held	Robert W. Heagney is a former member of the Connecticut House of Representatives, representing Simsbury, Connecticut, the 16th House Assembly District, for the Republican Party.	Robert W. Heagney	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Mirko Tomassoni (born 24 April 1969) was Captain Regent of San Marino for the six-month term from October 2007 to March 2008.	Mirko Tomassoni	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Gerontius of Cervia (Gerontius of Ficocle) (died 501 AD) was an Italian bishop of Cervia who is venerated as a saint.	Gerontius of Cervia	bishop
position held	Sebastián Ágreda (1795, Potosí, Bolivia -- December 18, 1875, La Paz, Bolivia) served briefly as President of Bolivia, from June 10 to July 9, 1841.	Sebastián Ágreda	President of Bolivia
position held	Jeremy Collier (/ˈkɒlɪər/; 23 September 1650 -- 26 April 1726) was an English theatre critic, non-juror bishop and theologian.	Jeremy Collier	bishop
position held	Rinchen Gyaltsen's elder half-brother Phagpa enjoyed a close relationship with Kublai Khan and was appointed to the title Imperial Preceptor (Dishi) in 1270.	Rinchen Gyaltsen	Imperial Preceptor
position held	Camillo Mazzella (February 10, 1833 -- March 26, 1900) was an Italian Jesuit theologian and cardinal.	Camillo Mazzella	cardinal
position held	Manuel Gondra Pereira (1 January 1871 -- 8 March 1927) was President of Paraguay from November 25, 1910 to January 11, 1911 and from August 15, 1920 to October 31, 1921.	Manuel Gondra	President of Paraguay
position held	Guillermo von Schulenburg Prado, often referred to simply as Guillermo Schulenburg, (June 12, 1916 - July 19, 2009) was the abbot of the Basilica of Guadalupe in Mexico City from 1963 to 1996.	Guillermo Schulenburg	abbot
position held	William Wyatt Bibb (October 2, 1781 -- July 10, 1820) was a United States Senator from Georgia and the first Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama.	William Wyatt Bibb	United States Senator
position held	Raffaele Baldassarre (born 23 September 1956) is an Italian politician and member of the European Parliament for the European People's Party.	Raffaele Baldassarre	member of the European Parliament
position held	Lyle Vanclief, PC (born September 19, 1943) was Canada's Minister of Agriculture from 1997-2003.	Lyle Vanclief	Minister of Agriculture
position held	Stewart Barlow is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 17 since his September 1, 2011 appointment to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Julie Fisher.	Stewart Barlow	member of the Utah House of Representatives
position held	Gilbert Crispin (c. 1055 -- 1117) was a Christian author and Anglo-Norman monk, appointed by Archbishop Lanfranc in 1085 to be the abbot, proctor and servant of Westminster Abbey, England.	Gilbert Crispin	abbot
position held	Taddeo Barberini (1603--1647) was an Italian nobleman of the House of Barberini who became Prince of Palestrina and Gonfalonier of the Church; commander of the Papal Army.	Taddeo Barberini	Gonfalonier of the Church
position held	Thomas Sim Lee was the second State Governor of Maryland, serving twice, from 1779 to 1783 and again from 1792 to 1794.	Thomas Sim Lee	Governor of Maryland
position held	Saint Laurent-Joseph-Marius Imbert, M.E.P. (23 March 1796 -- 21 September 1839), sometimes called Laurent-Marie-Joseph Imbert and affectionately known in Korea as Bishop Imbert Bum was a French missionary bishop in Asia.	Laurent-Joseph-Marius Imbert	bishop
position held	Donald Alexander MacKinnon (22 February 1863 -- 20 April 1928) was a Canadian teacher, lawyer, politician, author, and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island from 1904 to 1910.	Donald Alexander MacKinnon	Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island
position held	Guntis Ulmanis (born on September 13, 1939) is a Latvian politician and was the fifth President of Latvia from 1993 to 1999.	Guntis Ulmanis	President of Latvia
position held	Major Thibaut, Jr. (born January 3, 1977), is an insurance investment planner from his native Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, who has been since 2008 a Democrat member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 18, which encompasses Iberville, West Baton Rouge, West Feliciana, and Pointe Coupee parishes.	Major Thibaut	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Elke Roex (born 29 June 1974) is a Belgian, Flemish politician and member of the Flemish Parliament for the Socialist Party --	Elke Roex	member of the Flemish Parliament
position held	Geoffroy de Bar (in Latin: Gaufridus de Barro) or Barbeau, of Burgundy, was a French cardinal and member of the Roman Curia.	Geoffroy de Bar	cardinal
position held	Sir David Cunningham of Robertland, in Ayrshire, was Master of Work to the Crown of Scotland from 1602 to 1607, and Surveyor of the King's Works in England from 1604 to 1606	David Cunningham of Robertland	Master of Work to the Crown of Scotland
position held	Joseph A. Scanlon (1901 -- April 1957) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, serving from 1935-1952.	Joseph A. Scanlon	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Louis Metzler (February 18, 1864 - October 9, 1929) was an American auditor, bookkeeper and Republican politician who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, representing the 10th Milwaukee County district (the 10th Ward of the City of Milwaukee).	Louis Metzler	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Robert Hood Saunders, Q.C., CBE (May 30, 1903 -- January 16, 1955) was mayor of Toronto from 1945 to 1948, President of the Canadian National Exhibition, chairman of the Ontario Hydro (formally named the Hydro Electric Power Commission of Ontario (HEPCO)).	Robert Hood Saunders	mayor of Toronto
position held	Pierre de La Baume (1477 -- 5 May 1544) was a grand seigneur of Savoy and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Pierre de La Baume	cardinal
position held	Since 2004 Malu Dreyer has been married to Klaus Jensen, a fellow SPD politician and a former mayor of Trier who had been widowed three years earlier.	Malu Dreyer	mayor
position held	Archbishop Domenico Sorrentino (born 16 May 1948) is an Italian Catholic archbishop.	Domenico Sorrentino	archbishop
position held	Elbridge Van Syckel Besson (December 22, 1839--1915) was an American Republican party politician who served two non-consecutive terms as the 14th and 16th Mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey.	Elbridge Van Syckel Besson	Mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey
position held	Barbara Buckley (born November 23, 1960 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an attorney and Democratic Party politician who served as a member of the Nevada Assembly, representing Clark County District 8 from 1994 to 2011.	Barbara Buckley	member of the Nevada Assembly
position held	The Blessed John Juvenal Ancina, C.O., (Italian: Giovanni Giovenale Ancina) (19 October 1545 -- 30 August 1604) was an Italian bishop who belonged to the Congregation of the Oratory, as well being a scholar and music composer.	John Juvenal Ancina	bishop
position held	William Benedict Friend (October 22, 1931 -- April 2, 2015) was the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shreveport, in Louisiana.	William Benedict Friend	bishop
position held	Juan Manuel Frutos (June 12, 1879 -- April 15, 1960) was President of Paraguay in 1948.	Juan Manuel Frutos	President of Paraguay
position held	Win Aung served as an ambassador to Germany and the UK until he was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs in November 1998.	Win Aung	ambassador
position held	George Otto Wirz (January 17, 1929 -- November 23, 2010) served as a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Madison, Wisconsin and titular bishop of Municipa.	George Otto Wirz	bishop
position held	Lloyd H. Kincaid was an American cabinetmaker who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Lloyd H. Kincaid	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Mohammad Najibullah Ahmadzai (Pashto: ډاکټر نجیب ﷲ احمدزی‎; February 1947 -- 28 September 1996), commonly known as Najibullah or Najib, was the de facto, though unrecognized by the majority of the international community, President of Afghanistan from 1987 until 1992, when the mujahideen took over Kabul.	Mohammad Najibullah	President of Afghanistan
position held	LeRoy Pope Walker (February 7, 1817 -- August 23, 1884) was the first Confederate States Secretary of War.	LeRoy Pope Walker	Confederate States Secretary of War
position held	Anspert (died 7 December 881) was archbishop of Milan from 861 to 881.	Anspert	archbishop
position held	Pietro III Candiano was the Doge of Venice from 942 until 959.	Pietro III Candiano	Doge of Venice
position held	Ertha Pascal-Trouillot (born 13 August 1943) was the provisional President of Haiti for 11 months in 1990 and 1991.	Ertha Pascal-Trouillot	President of Haiti
position held	Byzantius (died 1035) was the archbishop of Bari in the early eleventh century.	Byzantius	archbishop
position held	Garba Duba is a retired Nigerian Army Lieutenant General who was Governor of Bauchi State, Nigeria from July 1978 to October 1979 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo, and Administrator of Sokoto State from January 1984 to August 1985 during the military regime of Major General Muhammadu Buhari.	Garba Duba	Governor of Bauchi State
position held	Douglas Imrie McKay (1879 -- September 24, 1962) was an American artillery and law enforcement officer and New York City Police Department police official who served as New York City Police Commissioner in 1914.	Douglas Imrie McKay	New York City Police Commissioner
position held	Henry Sievers (October 13, 1874 -?) was an assistant printer, trade union activist and liquor store operator from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Henry Sievers	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	George Gordon, 1st Earl of Aberdeen (3 October 1637 -- 20 April 1720), was a Lord Chancellor of Scotland.	George Gordon, 1st Earl of Aberdeen	Lord Chancellor of Scotland
position held	George Bryan Porter (February 9, 1791 -- July 6, 1834), was an American statesman in Pennsylvania and Territorial Governor of Michigan from August 6, 1831, until his death on July 6, 1834.	George Bryan Porter	Governor of Michigan
position held	Acacius of Caesarea in Greek Ἀκάκιος Mονόφθαλμος (died 366) was a Christian bishop, the pupil and successor in the Palestinian see of Caesarea of Eusebius AD 340, whose life he wrote.	Acacius of Caesarea	bishop
position held	Menachem Mendel Schneerson (April 5, 1902 OS -- June 12, 1994), known to many as the Rebbe, was a Russian Empire-born American Orthodox Jewish rabbi, and the last Lubavitcher Rebbe.	Menachem Mendel Schneerson	Rebbe
position held	Juan Evo Morales Ayma (born October 26, 1959), popularly known as Evo (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈeβo)), is a Bolivian politician and cocalero activist who has served as President of Bolivia since 2006.	Evo Morales	President of Bolivia
position held	Gyani Zail Singh (Punjabi: ਜ਼ੈਲ ਸਿੰਘ, pronunciation ; 5 May 1916 -- 25 December 1994) was the seventh President of India, serving from 1982 to 1987.	Zail Singh	President of India
position held	Juraj Haulik de Váralya (Slovak: Juraj Haulík Váralyai, Hungarian: Haulík Váralyai György) (Nagyszombat, Kingdom of Hungary, present-day Trnava, Slovakia, 20 April 1788 -- Zagreb, 11 May 1869) was a Croatian cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church of Slovak ethnicity and the first archbishop of Zagreb.	Juraj Haulik	cardinal	archbishop
position held	Domenico Monegario was the traditional sixth Doge of Venice (756--764).	Domenico Monegario	Doge of Venice
position held	Reginald Norman Morgan Empey, Baron Empey OBE (born 26 October 1947), best known as Reg Empey, is a British politician who was the leader of the Ulster Unionist Party from 2005 to 2010, and has been its chairman since 2012.	Reg Empey	Ulster Unionist Party
position held	Stephan Ackermann (born Mayen, 1963) is a German bishop.	Stephan Ackermann	bishop
position held	Stephen Kalonzo Musyoka (born 24 December 1953) is a Kenyan politician who was Vice-President of Kenya from 2008 to 2013.	Kalonzo Musyoka	Vice-President of Kenya
position held	Michael Helding (1506 -- 30 September 1561) was a Roman Catholic bishop, scholar, writer and humanist.	Michael Helding	Catholic bishop
position held	Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao (28 May 1923 -- 18 January 1996), popularly known as N. T. Rama Rao or by his initials NTR, was an Indian film actor, writer, director, producer, and politician who also served as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh for three terms.	N. T. Rama Rao	Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh
position held	Jacob Harold Gallinger (March 28, 1837 -- August 17, 1918), was a United States Senator from New Hampshire who served as President pro tempore of the Senate in 1912 and 1913.	Jacob Harold Gallinger	United States Senator
position held	Randy Law is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 64th District for one term in the Ohio 126th General Assembly.	Randy Law	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	George of Baden (1433 -- Moyenvic, February 11, 1484) was Bishop of Metz.	George of Baden	Bishop of Metz
position held	Harry Hill McAlister (July 15, 1875 -- October 30, 1959) was an American politician who served as Democratic Governor of Tennessee from 1933 to 1937.	Hill McAlister	Governor of Tennessee
position held	Alexander of Telese (Italian: Alessandro Telesino) was an Italian chronicler and historian, and the abbot of San Salvatore, near Telese, in southern Italy from before 1127 to before November 1143.	Alexander of Telese	abbot
position held	Elena Kagan (pronounced /ˈkeɪɡən/; born April 28, 1960) is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.	Elena Kagan	Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States
position held	Arthur Roche (born 6 March 1950) is an English archbishop of the Catholic Church.	Arthur Roche	archbishop
position held	Mirza Hameedullah Beg (M. H. Beg) (22 February 1913 -- 19 November 1988) was the 15th Chief Justice of India, serving from January 1977 to February 1978.	Mirza Hameedullah Beg	Chief Justice of India
position held	James Aloysius O'Gorman, Sr. (May 5, 1860 -- May 17, 1943) was a one-term United States Senator from New York.	James Aloysius O'Gorman	United States Senator
position held	Saint Baculus of Sorrento (Italian: San Bacolo di Sorrento, San Baccolo di Sorrento) is venerated as a bishop of Sorrento.	Baculus of Sorrento	bishop
position held	El Hadj Omar Bongo Ondimba (born Albert-Bernard Bongo; 30 December 1935 -- 8 June 2009) was a Gabonese politician who was President of Gabon from 1967 to 2009.	Omar Bongo	President of Gabon
position held	Alfred Winsor Brown (November 6, 1885 -- September 7, 1938) was a United States Navy Captain who served as the 31st Naval Governor of Guam.	Alfred Winsor Brown	Governor of Guam
position held	Alfred James Jones (4 October 1871 -- 7 October 1945) was an Australian politician who served as a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council and as Lord Mayor of Brisbane.	Alfred James Jones	Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
position held	Jan Mazur (June 5, 1920 in Płoskie -- September 26, 2008 in Siedlce) was the Polish bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Siedlce from August 6, 1968 until his retirement on March 25, 1996.	Jan Mazur	bishop
position held	Harry E. Turner Sr. (December 25, 1927 -- July 27, 2004) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.	Harry E. Turner	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Juan Antonio Ríos Morales (November 10, 1888 -- June 27, 1946) was a Chilean political figure, and President of Chile from 1942 to 1946, during the height of World War II. He died in office.	Juan Antonio Ríos	President of Chile
position held	Francisco Domingo Barbosa Da Silveira (26 March 1944 in Tambores, Uruguay -- 17 June 2015) was a Roman Catholic bishop in Uruguay.	Francisco Domingo Barbosa Da Silveira	bishop
position held	Patrick M. Gallivan (born November 18, 1960) is a member of the New York State Senate and the former Sheriff of Erie County.	Patrick M. Gallivan	member of the New York State Senate
position held	Fidel Sánchez Hernández (July 7, 1917, in El Divisadero -- February 28, 2003) was President of El Salvador from 1967 to 1972.	Fidel Sánchez Hernández	President of El Salvador
position held	General Mustafa Adrisi (c. 1922 -- 28 July 2013) was Vice President of Uganda from 1977 to 1978 and one of President Idi Amin's closest associates.	Mustafa Adrisi	Vice President of Uganda
position held	Patrick Francis Moran (16 September 1830 -- 16 August 1911) was the third Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney and the first Australian cardinal.	Patrick Francis Moran	cardinal
position held	Wendy Alexander (born 27 June 1963, Glasgow) is a retired Scottish politician and the former Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Paisley North.	Wendy Alexander	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Zheng Tianxiang (simplified Chinese: 郑天翔; traditional Chinese: 鄭天翔; pinyin: Zhèng Tiānxiáng; August 1, 1914 -- October 10, 2013) was a Chinese politician and was the President of the Supreme People's Court of China.	Zheng Tianxiang	President of the Supreme People's Court of China
position held	Aaron B. Rollins (1818 - December 4, 1878) was a member of the New York State Assembly for the 9th district of Manhattan from 1851 to 1853.	Aaron B. Rollins	member of the New York State Assembly
position held	Vladimir Aseev (born 19 June 1951) is a Russian politician and member of the State Duma of the Russian Federation.	Vladimir Aseev	member of the State Duma
position held	Maurice L. Ayers, sometimes listed as M. S. Ayres, (December 4, 1819 -- June 11, 1884) was an American banker, farmer, hotelier and politician from Burlington, Wisconsin, who served a single term as a Free Soil Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Racine County.	Maurice L. Ayers	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Edward Salomon (August 11, 1828 -- April 21, 1909) was an American politician and the Lieutenant Governor and eighth Governor of Wisconsin during the American Civil War after the accidental drowning of his predecessor, Louis P. Harvey.	Edward Salomon	Governor of Wisconsin
position held	Rudolf Schuster (born 4 January 1934) was President of Slovakia from 1999 to 2004.	Rudolf Schuster	President of Slovakia
position held	Siim Kallas (Estonian pronunciation: (ˈsiːm ˈkɑlˑɑs); born 2 October 1948 in Tallinn) is an Estonian politician, who most recently served as European Commissioner for Transport between 2010 and 2014.	Siim Kallas	European Commissioner for Transport
position held	Johann Lohelius (1549 -- November 2, 1622), better known as Johann Lohel, was the archbishop of Prague from September 18, 1612 until his death.	Johann Lohel	archbishop
position held	Mabeth Hurd Paige (1869--1961) was a Minnesota politician, a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1923 to 1945.	Mabeth Hurd Paige	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	William Pierron was a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee for two terms (1881 and 1891).	William Pierron	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Aigars Kalvītis (born 27 June 1966) is a Latvian politician, former Prime Minister of Latvia and current Chairman of the Board of Latvijas Balzams.	Aigars Kalvītis	Prime Minister of Latvia
position held	George Rankl (February 28, 1867 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin -- ?) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly	George Rankl	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Userkaf (meaning ``His soul is strong'') was the founder of the Fifth dynasty of Egypt and the first pharaoh to start the tradition of building sun temples at Abusir.	Userkaf	pharaoh
position held	Keith Grover (born in Provo, Utah) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives.	Keith Grover	member of the Utah House of Representatives
position held	Alex Blanco (born 1972) is an American politician and mayor of Passaic, New Jersey, United States.	Alex Blanco	mayor of Passaic, New Jersey
position held	Karen May (born 1944) is a former Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 58th District, serving from 2001 to 2012.	Karen May	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Hernando Siles Reyes (August 5, 1882 -- November 23, 1942) was a Bolivian politician who served as the 31st President of Bolivia, serving from 1926-1930.	Hernando Siles Reyes	President of Bolivia
position held	Edward Sanford was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co.) in 1843 and 1844; and a member of the New York State Senate (1st D.) in 1846 and 1847.	Edward Sanford	member of the New York State Senate
position held	In 650 Ildefonsus was elected its abbot of Agali.	Ildefonsus	abbot
position held	Gyula Gömbös de Jákfa (26 December 1886 -- 6 October 1936) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, and served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 1 October 1932 until his death on 6 October 1936.	Gyula Gömbös	Prime Minister of Hungary
position held	Josef Georg Hörl (August 22, 1722 -- December 9, 1806) was an Austrian lawyer, served as mayor of Vienna from 1773 to 1804.	Josef Georg Hörl	mayor
position held	Pasquale Macchi (9 November 1923 -- 5 April 2006) was a Roman Catholic archbishop and the private secretary to Pope Paul VI.	Pasquale Macchi	archbishop
position held	Astrik accompanied Saint Adalbert in the latter's missionary work to the Bohemians and became the first abbot of Břevnov Monastery.	Astrik	abbot
position held	William Warwick Buckland, M.A., LL.D. (11 June 1859 - 16 January 1946) was a scholar of Roman law, Regius Professor of Civil Law at the University of Cambridge from 1914 to 1945.	William Warwick Buckland	Regius Professor of Civil Law
position held	Jerome Weber OSB (September 14, 1915 -- September 4, 2008) was a Canadian abbot of the Roman Catholic Church.	Jerome Weber	abbot
position held	Jeremy Faison is a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the Eleventh District.	Jeremy Faison	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	William Woods Holden (November 24, 1818 -- March 1, 1892) was the 38th and 40th Governor of North Carolina, who was appointed by President Andrew Johnson in 1865 for a brief term, and then elected in 1868, serving until 1871.	William Woods Holden	Governor of North Carolina
position held	Herrauðr, Herraud, Herröðr, Herruðr, Herrud, Herothus or Heroth is a legendary earl of Götaland or king of Sweden, who appears in several medieval legends, in particular those relating to Ragnar Lodbrok (e.g. Tale of Ragnar's Sons, Tale of Ragnar Lodbrok, Krákumál and Gesta Danorum, book 9).	Herrauðr	king
position held	Alan Ray Ater (born December 15, 1953), known as Al Ater, is a farmer and businessman from Ferriday, Louisiana, who served from 1984-1992 as a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 21 in the eastern portion of his state.	Al Ater	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Pier Francesco Ferrero (1510--1566) was an Italian Roman Catholic abbot, bishop and cardinal.	Pier Francesco Ferrero	cardinal
position held	In 2003 Corina Porro was elected mayor of Vigo in 2003 after a censure motion against the socialist Ventura Pérez Mariño approved by 10 members from Galician People's Party and seven from Bloque Nacionalista Galego and rejected by eight members of Socialist Party of Galicia and two from Progresistas Vigueses.	Corina Porro	mayor
position held	Sir Cornthwaite Hector William James Rason (18 June 1858 -- 15 March 1927), better known as Hector Rason, was the seventh Premier of Western Australia.	Hector Rason	Premier of Western Australia
position held	Carlos Soublette (15 December 1789 -- 11 February 1870) was President of Venezuela 1837-1839 and 1843--1847, and a hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence.	Carlos Soublette	President of Venezuela
position held	Oran Milo Roberts (July 9, 1815 -- May 19, 1898), was the 17th Governor of Texas from January 21, 1879 to January 16, 1883.	Oran Milo Roberts	Governor of Texas
position held	José Eloy Alfaro Delgado (June 25, 1842 -- January 28, 1912) served as President of Ecuador from 1895 to 1901 and from 1906 to 1911.	Eloy Alfaro	President of Ecuador
position held	LeBaron Bradford Colt (June 25, 1846 -- August 18, 1924) was a United States Senator from Rhode Island and a federal court judge on the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island, the United States Circuit Court, and the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.	LeBaron Bradford Colt	United States Senator
position held	Anne Lindboe (born 1 August 1971) is a Norwegian paediatrician, currently serving as the Norwegian Children's Ombudsman.	Anne Lindboe	Children's Ombudsman
position held	Sylvester Turner (born September 27, 1954) is an American Democratic politician who is currently Mayor of Houston, Texas and previously served as a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1989 until 2016.	Sylvester Turner	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Lyman Trumbull (October 12, 1813 -- June 25, 1896) was a United States Senator from Illinois during the American Civil War, and co-author of the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.	Lyman Trumbull	United States Senator
position held	Alain Tardif (born 23 August 1946) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada.	Alain Tardif	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	José dos Santos Garcia S.M.P. (April 16, 1913 -- December 11, 2010) was a Portuguese bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	José dos Santos Garcia	bishop
position held	Otto Orseolo (Italian: Ottone Orseolo, also Urseolo; c. 992-1032) was the Doge of Venice from 1008 to 1026.	Otto Orseolo	Doge of Venice
position held	Girolamo Rusticucci (1537--1603) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop.	Girolamo Rusticucci	cardinal and bishop
position held	François-Marie-Benjamin Richard (1 March 1819 -- 27 January 1908) was a French cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and served as the Archbishop of Paris.	François-Marie-Benjamin Richard	cardinal
position held	Walter d'Eynsham, also known as Walter de Hempsham was a medieval Archbishop of Canterbury-elect.	Walter d'Eynsham	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Clarence Ray Nagin, Jr., also known as C. Ray Nagin (born June 11, 1956), is an American management consultant who served as the 60th mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana from 2002 to 2010.	Ray Nagin	mayor of New Orleans
position held	Bernardin Gantin (8 May 1922 -- 13 May 2008) was a prominent Beninese cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Bernardin Gantin	cardinal
position held	Kurt M. Granberg was a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 107th District from 1987 until his retirement at the end of his term in January 2009.	Kurt M. Granberg	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	In the second round of voting on 6 May 2012, François Hollande was elected President of the French Republic with 51.7% of the vote.	François Hollande	President of the French Republic
position held	The Most Reverend John Bosco Panya Kritcharoen (Thai: ปัญญา กฤษเจริญ; born December 18, 1949) is the bishop of the Roman Catholic diocese of Ratchaburi, Thailand.	Panya Kritcharoen	bishop
position held	Mark Painter (born August 3, 1957) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Mark Painter	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	John D. Payne is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 106th District and was elected in 2002.	John D. Payne	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Sebastião Soares de Resende (1906 - 1967) was a Portuguese Catholic bishop in Africa at the head of the diocese of Beira in Mozambique.	Sebastião Soares de Resende	bishop
position held	Jasper Tsang Yok-sing, GBM, JP (born 17 May 1947) is the 2nd and the current President of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Jasper Tsang	President of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong
position held	Marsha Swails (born April 3, 1952) is Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 56B, which includes the cities of Woodbury and Landfall in Washington County in the eastern Twin Cities metropolitan area.	Marsha Swails	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Epiphanius of Salamis (Greek: Ἐπιφάνιος; c. 310--320 -- 403) was bishop of Salamis, Cyprus at the end of the 4th century.	Epiphanius of Salamis	bishop
position held	Bernard of Sédirac (c. 1050 -- 1125), also known as Bernard of Agen or Bernard of Le Sauvetat, was the metropolitan archbishop of Toledo from 1086 and first primate of Spain from 1088 to his death.	Bernard of Sédirac	archbishop
position held	John Felix Anders, known as Andy Anders (born May 3, 1956), is a farmer and agricultural equipment salesman from Clayton in eastern Louisiana, who is a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 21 (Concordia and parts of Tensas, Madison, and East Carroll parishes).	Andy Anders	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Pope Adrian VI (Latin: Hadrianus VI), born Adriaan Florensz (Boeyens) (2 March 1459 ‒ 14 September 1523), was the 218th pope of the Catholic Church from 9 January 1522 until his death on 14 September 1523.	Pope Adrian VI	pope
position held	Dr. Garry Conille (born 26 February 1966) is a Haitian academic, development worker, author, and former Prime Minister of Haiti.	Garry Conille	Prime Minister of Haiti
position held	Mark Francis Schmitt (February 14, 1923 -- December 14, 2011) served as the tenth Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Marquette, in Marquette, Michigan.	Mark Francis Schmitt	bishop
position held	Adrian Mung'andu (c. 1923 -- 25 June 2007) was the Catholic archbishop of Lusaka between 1984 and 1996.	Adrian Mung'andu	archbishop
position held	Mak Chai-kwong GBS, JP (Chinese: 麥齊光, born 1950) is a retired Hong Kong civil servant, former Permanent Secretary for Development (Works) and Secretary for Development.	Mak Chai-kwong	Secretary for Development
position held	Anders Fogh Rasmussen (Danish pronunciation: (ɑnɐs ˈfɔʊ̯ˀ ˈʁɑsmusn̩); born 26 January 1953) is a Danish politician who was the 39th Prime Minister of Denmark from November 2001 to April 2009 and the 12th Secretary General of NATO from August 2009 to October 2014.	Anders Fogh Rasmussen	Prime Minister of Denmark	Secretary General of NATO
position held	Will Ford Hartnett (born June 3, 1956) is an attorney in Dallas, Texas, who was from 1993 to 2013 a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 114 in Dallas County.	Will Ford Hartnett	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	It was as a representative of the Cultural Association, and not, formally, as a representative of the Socialist Unity Party that between 1963 and 1967 Werner Scheler sat as a member of the Volkskammer.	Werner Scheler	member of the Volkskammer
position held	Levi Withee was a lumberman and investor who served as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate.	Levi Withee	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Isaac José Woldenberg Karakowski (born 8 September 1952) is a Mexican political scientist and sociologist who served as the first president of the Federal Electoral Institute and currently works as director of Nexos magazine.	José Woldenberg	Federal Electoral Institute
position held	Lee Heider (born February 17, 1947) is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate, first elected in 2010.	Lee Heider	member of the Idaho Senate
position held	Francis Dashwood, 11th Baron le Despencer PC FRS (December 1708 -- 11 December 1781) was an English rake and politician, Chancellor of the Exchequer (1762--1763) and founder of the Hellfire Club.	Francis Dashwood, 11th Baron le Despencer	Chancellor of the Exchequer
position held	Benjamin Jason Horton (1873--1963) was a Puerto Rico politician and one-time acting Governor of Puerto Rico.	Benjamin Jason Horton	Governor of Puerto Rico
position held	Ioannis Paraskevopoulos (Greek: Ιωάννης Παρασκευόπουλος) (1900--1984), was a Greek banker and politician who served twice as interim Prime Minister of Greece during the 1960s.	Ioannis Paraskevopoulos	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Jon Tester (born August 21, 1956) is the senior United States Senator from Montana, serving since 2007.	Jon Tester	United States Senator
position held	Humphrey Wells was an American politician who served as the 11th Governor of Georgia for only two days, from February 16, 1780 to February 18, 1780.	Humphrey Wells	Governor of Georgia
position held	Giulio Bevilacqua, Orat (November 14, 1881 -- May 6, 1965) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as an auxiliary bishop of Brescia from 1965 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1965.	Giulio Bevilacqua	bishop
position held	Cormac Murphy-O'Connor (born 24 August 1932) is a retired bishop and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, Archbishop Emeritus of Westminster and former President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of England and Wales.	Cormac Murphy-O'Connor	cardinal
position held	Ahmad Mukhtar Baban (1900 - 24 November 1976) (Arabic: أحمد مختار بابان‎) was the last Prime Minister of Iraq under the monarchy in 1958.	Ahmad Mukhtar Baban	Prime Minister of Iraq
position held	Allen J. Greenough (September 20, 1905 -- 1974) was the 14th and last president of the Pennsylvania Railroad.	Allen J. Greenough	president
position held	Timothy L. Schmitz is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 49th district from 1999 to 2015.	Timothy L. Schmitz	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Peter the Venerable (c. 1092 -- 25 December 1156), also known as Peter of Montboissier, abbot of the Benedictine abbey of Cluny, was born to Blessed Raingarde in Auvergne, France.	Peter the Venerable	abbot
position held	Maja Gojković (Serbian Cyrillic: Маја Гојковић; born May 22, 1963 in Novi Sad) is a Serbian politician and current President of the National Assembly of Serbia.	Maja Gojković	President of the National Assembly of Serbia
position held	Witold Tomczak (born 5 April 1957, in Kępno) is a right-wing Polish politician, a member of the European Parliament 2004-2009.	Witold Tomczak	member of the European Parliament
position held	Shahid Siddiqui is a former member of the Rajya Sabha, the Upper House of the Indian Parliament representing the state of Uttar Pradesh from 2002 to 2008.	Shahid Siddiqui	member of the Rajya Sabha
position held	M. Joseph Michael Perera is a Sri Lankan politician and a Former Member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Joseph Michael Perera	Member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka
position held	Gaius Coelius Caldus, nomen also spelled Caelius, was a consul of the Roman Republic in 94 BC. His colleague was Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus.	Gaius Coelius Caldus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Ingrid Roxana Baldetti Elías (born May 13, 1962) was the first female Vice President of Guatemala from 2012 until her resignation amid a corruption scandal in 2015.	Roxana Baldetti	Vice President of Guatemala
position held	Hatshepsut (/hætˈʃɛpsʊt/; also Hatchepsut; meaning Foremost of Noble Ladies; 1507--1458 BC) was the fifth pharaoh of the eighteenth dynasty of Egypt.	Hatshepsut	pharaoh
position held	Coelchu (fl. latter half of the eighth century AD) was the abbot of the School of Clonmacnoise in Ireland.	Coelchu	abbot
position held	George Forrest Browne (4 December 1833 -- 1 June 1930) was an English bishop, the first Anglican Bishop of Stepney from 1895 until 1897 when he was appointed Bishop of Bristol.	Forrest Browne	bishop
position held	Thomas Tenison (29 September 1636 -- 14 December 1715) was an English church leader, Archbishop of Canterbury from 1694 until his death.	Thomas Tenison	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	David Ervine (21 July 1953 -- 8 January 2007) was a Northern Irish unionist politician from Northern Ireland and the leader of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP).	David Ervine	Progressive Unionist Party
position held	Cynesige (or Kynsige; died 1060) was a medieval English Archbishop of York between 1051 and 1060.	Cynesige	Archbishop of York
position held	Neferkauhor Khuwihapi was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 7th/8th Dynasty during the early First Intermediate Period (2181--2055 BC), at a time when Egypt was possibly divided between several polities.	Neferkauhor	pharaoh
position played on team / speciality	Jordan Burrow (born 12 September 1992) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a forward for National League club FC Halifax Town.	Jordan Burrow	forward
position played on team / speciality	Radosław Janukiewicz (Polish pronunciation: (ra.ˈdɔs.waf ˌja.nu.ˈkʲɛ.vit͡ʂ); born May 5, 1984 in Wrocław) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Górnik Zabrze.	Radosław Janukiewicz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pajtim Kasami (born 2 June 1992) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos and the Switzerland national team.	Pajtim Kasami	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Caio Rangel da Silva (born 16 January 1996) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Arouca, on loan from Cagliari, as a forward.	Caio Rangel	forward
position played on team / speciality	Shin Young-chol (Hangul: 신영철; born 14 March 1986) is a South Korean footballer, who plays as midfielder.	Shin Young-chol	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Comstive (25 November 1961 -- 29 December 2013) was an English professional footballer who mainly played as a midfielder.	Paul Comstive	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Vidal Martínez (born 15 June 1967) is a retired football midfielder from Paraguay.	Héctor Vidal Martínez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lumír Sedláček (born 13 June 1978 in Chlebičov) is a former Czech football defender or midfielder.	Lumír Sedláček	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zsolt Bárányos (born 25 December 1975 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who plays as a midfielder.	Zsolt Bárányos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martina Voss-Tecklenburg (born 22 December 1967 as Martina Voss) is a retired German football midfielder, currently coaching the Swiss national team.	Martina Voss-Tecklenburg	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brandin Cote (born April 21, 1981 in Swift Current, Saskatchewan) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who last played for the Fischtown Pinguins in the German 2nd Bundesliga in 2008--09.	Brandin Cote	centre
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Kauber (born 23 March 1995) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Slovenian PrvaLiga club Krka.	Kevin Kauber	forward
position played on team / speciality	Andrija Novakovich (born September 21, 1996) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Reading, as a forward.	Andrija Novakovich	forward
position played on team / speciality	Neville Stanton is a Guyanese footballer who has played for Fruta Conquerors and Guyana Defence Force as a defender.	Neville Stanton	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Gagliardini (born 7 April 1994) is an Italian footballer who plays for Vicenza on loan from Atalanta, as a midfielder.	Roberto Gagliardini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Evelyn Nwabuoku (born 14 November 1985) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a midfielder for BIIK Kazygurt in the Kazakhstani women's football championship and the Nigeria women's national football team.	Evelyn Nwabuoku	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Momčilo Mrkaić (Serbian Cyrillic: Момчило Мркаић; born 12 September 1990) is a Bosnian Serb football forward who plays for BSK Borča in Serbian First League.	Momčilo Mrkaić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Martin Bavidge (born 30 April 1980 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing as a forward for Inverurie Loco Works in the Highland Football League.	Martin Bavidge	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dahi Al Naemi (born on 5 September 1978) is a Qatari footballer who is a defender for Umm-Salal.	Dahi Al Naemi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mario Gimeno Alonso, simply Mario (born 5 October 1969 in Madrid), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Mario Gimeno	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Salah Ibrahim (born 14 September 1985) is Sudanese international footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder.	Salah Ibrahim	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Tilston (born 19 February 1926, Chester) is an English footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Chester City, Tranmere Rovers, Wrexham, Crystal Palace and Chelmsford City.	Tommy Tilston	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Ioan Adrian Viciu (born 14 January 1991 in Târgu Mureș) is a Romanian football player who plays as a goalkeeper.	Adrian Viciu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Remko Pasveer (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrɛm.koː ˈpas.feːr), born November 8, 1983 in Enschede) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for PSV Eindhoven in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Remko Pasveer	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mirko Andrić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирко Андрић; born 1 June 1974) is a Serbian former football defender.	Mirko Andrić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Scott Scissons (born October 29, 1971 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a former National Hockey League centre.	Scott Scissons	centre
position played on team / speciality	Milan Jovanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Јованић; born 31 July 1985) is a Serbian football player who last played as a goalkeeper for Vojvodina.	Milan Jovanić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nare Diawara (born 22 January 1983 in Bamako) is a Malian professional women's basketball center, formerly with the WNBA's San Antonio Stars.	Nare Diawara	center
position played on team / speciality	Frank Sandeman (born 28 August 1936) is a Scottish football player and manager, who played as an inside forward for Heart of Midlothian.	Frank Sandeman	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Devlin Barnes, (born 18 April 1982 in Seoul, South Korea) is an American soccer defender who last played for USL Second Division side Real Maryland Monarchs.	Devlin Barnes	defender
position played on team / speciality	Esther Hernández Gamo, also known as Puche, is a Spanish football midfielder, currently playing for Rayo Vallecano in Primera División.	Esther Hernández	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luis Miguel Gail Martín (23 February 1961) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.	Luis Miguel Gail	defender
position played on team / speciality	Frank Filo (born December 28, 1971 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is a retired American soccer defender who spent most of his career with the Dallas Sidekicks.	Frank Filo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mads Aaquist (born 31 December 1994) is a Danish footballer, playing as defender for the Danish 2nd Division side FC Helsingør.	Mads Aaquist	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gavin Jarvie (1879--?) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender.	Gavin Jarvie	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yeh Hsien-chung (Chinese: 葉獻中, born in July 1, 1979) is a Taiwanese football and futsal goalkeeper.	Yeh Hsien-chung	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tarek Thabet (Arabic: طارق ثابت‎), also known as Tariq Thabit, (born 16 August 1971) is a former Tunisian football defender.	Tarek Thabet	defender
position played on team / speciality	Julie Cook (born 8 March 1954) is a former England and Great Britain field hockey goalkeeper.	Julie Cook	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Róbert Demjan (born 26 October 1982) is a Slovak football forward who is currently playing for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała.	Róbert Demjan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Doug McKinty is a retired Canadian soccer defender who played professionally with the Vancouver 86ers and earned one cap with the Canada men's national soccer team	Doug McKinty	defender
position played on team / speciality	Harrison Afful (born 24 July 1986 in Tema), nicknamed The King, is a Ghanaian international footballer, who currently plays as a defender for Major League Soccer club Columbus Crew SC in the United States.	Harrison Afful	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Lúcio Esteves Pereira (born 1 September 1954 in Leça da Palmeira, Matosinhos), known as Lúcio, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Eduardo Lúcio Esteves Pereira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Dalzell (born January 25, 1974) is an American former rugby union player who played scrum-half.	Kevin Dalzell	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Chapman (born 6 May 1951) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder for Port Vale, Stafford Rangers, Macclesfield Town, Rocester.	Stuart Chapman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Boriss Monjaks (born 11 April 1970) is a former football defender from Latvia.	Boriss Monjaks	defender
position played on team / speciality	Percy Prince (15 August 1887 -- December 1973) was an English amateur footballer who played as a centre-forward for Southampton and Boscombe in the early 20th century.	Percy Prince	forward
position played on team / speciality	Murray McDermott (2 February 1950 -- 2003) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, making over 500 career appearances.	Murray McDermott	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peter Opiyo Odhiambo (born 1 August 1992 in Bondo), nicknamed ``Pinchez'', is a Kenyan footballer who plays for the Kenya national team as a midfielder.	Peter Opiyo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tierney also played for Doncaster Rovers as a midfielder where he is affectionately known among fans as 'Sir' Francis Tierney for scoring the golden goal in the 2003 conference play-off final against Dagenham & Redbridge at Stoke's Britannia Stadium.	Francis Tierney	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Thom (born 7 September 1965 in Rüdersdorf, East Germany) is a former German football player who played as a forward for Dynamo Berlin, Bayer Leverkusen, Celtic and Hertha Berlin.	Andreas Thom	forward
position played on team / speciality	Velimir Varga (born 26 January 1980 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian-Croat football defender currently playing for SG Steinfeld.	Velimir Varga	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Samaris (Greek: Ανδρέας Σάμαρης; born 13 June 1989) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Portuguese club Benfica and the Greece national team.	Andreas Samaris	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Billy Trew (1 July 1878 -- 20 August 1926) was a Welsh international centre, outside half and wing who played club rugby for Swansea Rugby Football Club.	Billy Trew	wing
position played on team / speciality	Luyolo Nomandela (born 3 November 1989 in Ngqeleni, Eastern Cape) is a South African football (soccer) player who plays as a midfielder for Jomo Cosmos in the Premier Soccer League on loan from Moroka Swallows.	Luyolo Nomandela	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emanuele Manitta (born on 12 January 1977) is an Italian football goalkeeper.	Emanuele Manitta	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alim Öztürk (born 17 November 1992) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a centre-back for Scottish club Heart of Midlothian.	Alim Öztürk	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	Vasilis Samaras (Greek: Βασίλης Σαμαράς; born 16 February 1974) is a retired Greek football midfielder.	Vasilis Samaras	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan Pablo Galavis Guinand (born August 5, 1981) is an American-born Venezuelan former professional soccer midfielder/forward, who retired in 2008.	Juan Pablo Galavis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kristof Van Hout (born 9 February 1987 in Lommel) is a Belgian footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Westerlo in the Belgian Pro League.	Kristof Van Hout	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abdulhadi Khamis (Arabic: عبد الهادي خميس خضير‎, born 19 December 1990) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a forward for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al-Kuwait.	Abdulhadi Khamis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Kučera (born 2 July 1976 in Most) is a Czech footballer, who currently plays for České Budějovice as a goalkeeper.	Pavel Kučera	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Eddie Oshodi (born 14 January 1992) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a defender.	Eddie Oshodi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lorenzo Paramatti (born 2 January 1995) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Italian Lega Pro club Siena, on loan from Bologna.	Lorenzo Paramatti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roman Stefurak (Ukrainian: Роман Романович Стефурак; born 17 April 1996 in Tomakivka, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder.	Roman Stefurak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Terrier (born 4 August 1973 in Verdun, Meuse) is a retired French football defender who last played for US Créteil.	David Terrier	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Kaye (9 May 1933 -- 12 October 2003) was an English footballer who played in The Football League as a winger.	Arthur Kaye	winger
position played on team / speciality	Bryce Hegarty (born 28 August 1992) is an Australian rugby union footballer who plays either as a fly-half or fullback.	Bryce Hegarty	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Albert Kaçi (born 11 June 1981) is an Albanian football player who currently plays in midfielder for Ada Velipojë in the Albanian First Division.	Albert Kaçi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Keisha Bell (born December 20, 1979) is a retired American soccer player who was a defender for the United States women's national soccer team.	Keisha Bell	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kiril Akalski (Bulgarian: Кирил Акалски; born 17 October 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for German side Unterföhring.	Kiril Akalski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Steve Craven (born 17 September 1957, Birkenhead) is a footballer who played as midfielder for Tranmere Rovers and Crewe Alexandra.	Steve Craven	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikolay Penkov (Bulgarian: Николай Пенков) (born 17 December 1947 in Vratsa) is a former Bulgarian international football defender.	Nikolay Penkov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jan Tauer (born August 26, 1983 in Düsseldorf) is a German football defender, currently playing for Viggbyholms IK in the Swedish sixth tier division.	Jan Tauer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kyle Krpata is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the Continental Indoor Soccer League.	Kyle Krpata	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dorival Silvestre Júnior (born 25 April 1962), known as Dorival Júnior, is a retired football who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current manager of Santos.	Dorival Júnior	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hamada Jambay (born 25 April 1975) is a retired French-Malagasy a football defender.	Hamada Jambay	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giorgio Venturin (born 9 July 1968 in Bollate, Province of Milan) is an Italian former football midfielder.	Giorgio Venturin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ryszard Jankowski (born April 10, 1960) is a retired Polish footballer (goalkeeper).	Ryszard Jankowski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marvin Hinton (born 2 February 1940) is an English former footballer who made nearly 400 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Charlton Athletic and Chelsea.	Marvin Hinton	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eric Tangradi (born February 10, 1989) is an American professional ice hockey left winger for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Eric Tangradi	winger
position played on team / speciality	Filip Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Марковић, born 3 March 1992) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz as an attacking midfielder.	Filip Marković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sam Christie (born 26 September 1986) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who regularly plays as a fly-half.	Sam Christie	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Felipe José Feres Moreira (born 15 January 1981), known as Felipe Moreira, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current manager of Ponte Preta.	Felipe Moreira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Costas Miamiliotis (Greek: Κώστας Μιαμηλιώτης; born August 1, 1960) is a former international Cypriot football defender.	Costas Miamiliotis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ramón Rodríguez Verdejo (born 20 September 1968), commonly known as Monchi, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and the current director of football of Sevilla FC.	Monchi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Ševela (born 20 November 1975) is a former Slovak football defender and currently manager of Trenčín.	Martin Ševela	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jesús María Lacruz Gómez (born 25 April 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a versatile defender.	Jesús María Lacruz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrey Nazário Afonso(born 9 November 1983 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian football goalkeeper who plays for Cruzeiro-RS.	Andrey Nazário Afonso	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alfeu Martha de Freitas (born August 24, 1936 in Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul) was a Brazilian football (soccer) player, who played as a midfielder and played in clubs of Brazil and Argentina.	Alfeu Martha de Freitas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kārlis Tīls (1906-196?) was a Latvian international football defender and football manager, one of the most legendary footballers in the history of Liepāja.	Kārlis Tīls	defender
position played on team / speciality	Casper Ankergren (born 9 November 1979) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper currently playing for English team Brighton & Hove Albion.	Casper Ankergren	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mariano García Remón (born 30 September 1950) is a Spanish retired football goalkeeper and coach.	Mariano García Remón	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jens Jørn Haahr Bertelsen (born 15 February 1952), known as Jens Jørn Bertelsen, is a Danish former association football player in the defensive midfielder position.	Jens Jørn Bertelsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Davide Petermann (born 25 December 1994) is an Italian football midfielder who currently plays for the Lega Pro/B club Santarcangelo on loan from Serie A club Palermo.	Davide Petermann	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rudolf Wojtowicz (born June 9, 1956 in Bytom) is a retired Polish football player, who in different periods of his career was a defender or a midfielder.	Rudolf Wojtowicz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Khaled Fadhel (born September 29, 1976 in Tunis) is a Tunisian football player and goalkeeper.	Khaled Fadhel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sebastião Loureiro da Silva (born 22 April 1925) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Sebastião Loureiro da Silva	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matías Di Gregorio (born 4 June 1986 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football defender and midfielder.	Matías Di Gregorio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Narcis Coman (born 5 November 1946 in Giurgiu) is a retired Romanian footballer who played as a goalkeeper and was selected Romanian Footballer of the Year in 1978.	Narcis Coman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	W. Nesbitt (full name unknown, occasionally referred to as Nisbitt in some reports) was a footballer who played for Sheffield United as a defender during the 1891--92 season.	W. Nesbitt	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Ángel Sola Elizalde (born 29 September 1957 in Pamplona, Navarre) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and a current coach.	Miguel Ángel Sola	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	René Vydarený (born May 6, 1981 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia) is a professional Slovakian ice hockey defenceman currently with HC České Budějovice of the Czech Extraliga.	René Vydarený	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Saqr Ahmed (born May 17, 1981) is a Qatari footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Qatar Stars League side Al Sadd and the Qatar national team.	Mohamed Saqr	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jelena Maksimović (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Максимовић; born April 20, 1982) is a Serbian professional basketball player, who plays as a center.	Jelena Maksimović	center
position played on team / speciality	Márcio Luiz Silva Lopes Santos Souza or simply Márcio (born January 24, 1981 in Aracaju), is a Brazilian football goalkeeper.	Márcio Luiz Silva Lopes Santos Souza	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	T. Hutton Bremner (1912 -- 1969) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Queen's Park, Motherwell, Aberdeen and Hamilton Academical as an inside forward.	Hutton Bremner	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Rodrigo Ezequiel Díaz (Spanish pronunciation: (roˈðɾiɣo eseˈkjel ˈdiaθ), born 28 August 1981) is an Argentinian footballer that currently plays for the Primera B Metropolitana club Almirante Brown, as an attacking midfielder.	Rodrigo Ezequiel Díaz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kabelo Dambe (born 10 May 1990) is a Botswana footballer, who currently plays for South African club Platinum Stars and Botswana national football team at 2012 Africa Cup of Nations as a goalkeeper.	Kabelo Dambe	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vitaliy Kosovskyi (born 11 August 1973 in Ostroh, Soviet Union) is a former football midfielder for Dynamo Kyiv and a Ukraine international.	Vitaliy Kosovskyi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jesús Torres Junquera (born 13 March 1980 in Caldas de Reis, Pontevedra, Galicia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Órdenes as a defender.	Jesús Torres	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carlo Zotti (born 3 September 1982 in Foglianise, Benevento) is an Italian football goalkeeper, currently playing in Switzerland for FC Wil 1900.	Carlo Zotti	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Philippe Vercruysse (born January 28, 1962 in Saumur, Maine-et-Loire) is a former football midfielder from France.	Philippe Vercruysse	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Egil Fjetland (born 12 August 1962) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a forward for Vidar and Viking, where he won the Norwegian Cup and Tippeligaen.	Egil Fjetland	forward
position played on team / speciality	András Debreceni (born 21 April 1989) is a Hungary footballer defender.	András Debreceni	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Rosina (Italian pronunciation: (alesˈsandro roˈzina); born 31 January 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Bari on loan from Catania.	Alessandro Rosina	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Boris Barać (born 21 February 1992) is a Croatian professional basketball player, currently playing as a power forward for Zadar of the Croatian League.	Boris Barać	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Miroslav Koubek (born 1 September 1951) is a Czech former goalkeeper and manager.	Miroslav Koubek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Monwar Hossain (born 30 August 1979) is a Bangladeshi professional association footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Sheikh Russell Dhaka.	Mohammed Monwar Hossain	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Shelley was a footballer who made one appearance as a defender for Burslem Port Vale in October 1905.	Arthur Shelley	defender
position played on team / speciality	Niklas Gunnarsson (born 27 April 1991) is a Norwegian footballer, who plays as a defender for the Scottish Championship side Hibernian, on loan from Tippeligaen side Vålerenga.	Niklas Gunnarsson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Issam Badda (born 10 May 1983, Khemisset, Morocco) is a Moroccan football player who plays as a goalkeeper.	Issam Badda	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alfredo Sampaio (born 23 May 1958 in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian football defender, and now a manager.	Alfredo Sampaio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Davy O'Hare (born 2 March 1972) in Newry is a retired Northern Irish football goalkeeper O'Hare was a member of the 2003 Irish Cup winning Coleraine team which beat Glentoran F.C. 1--0 in the final at Windsor Park.	Davy O'Hare	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	César Sánchez Domínguez (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈθesar ˈsantʃeθ); born 2 September 1971), sometimes known as simply César, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	César Sánchez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bartłomiej Dudzic (born August 18, 1988 in Oświęcim) is a Polish footballer who plays as a forward for Polish Ekstraklasa side Cracovia.	Bartłomiej Dudzic	forward
position played on team / speciality	Amer Jukan (born 28 November 1978 in Gračanica) is a Slovenian football midfielder of Bosnian descent.	Amer Jukan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abia Nale (born 5 October 1986 in Sebokeng, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder and striker who currently plays for Premier Soccer League club Mpumalanga Black Aces.	Abia Nale	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Mekikov (Bulgarian: Иван Мекиков; born 29 May 1982) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Vidima-Rakovski.	Ivan Mekikov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Israel Castro Macías (born December 20, 1980) is a Mexican football player currently playing as a defensive midfielder for Guadalajara of the Liga MX.	Israel Castro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joe Ulrich is a retired U.S. soccer defender.	Joe Ulrich	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damián Ledesma (born 21 May 1982 in Rosario) is an Argentine football defensive midfielder.	Damián Ledesma	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diyan Dimov (Bulgarian: Диян Димов; born 27 September 1985) is a Bulgarian football player who currently plays for Dunav Ruse as a midfielder.	Diyan Dimov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robson Toledo Machado (born 18 July 1981 in São Paulo), commonly known as Toledo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Robson Toledo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Djiku (born 9 August 1994) is a French footballer who plays as an defender for Ligue 1 club Bastia.	Alexander Djiku	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Reiter (born November 4, 1981 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender.	Kevin Reiter	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Moreno Torricelli (born 23 January 1970 in Erba) is an Italian football manager and former defender, who played as a fullback.	Moreno Torricelli	fullback
position played on team / speciality	Zeljko Kalac (Croatian: Željko Kalac, pronounced (ʒêːʎko kǎːlat͡s); born 16 December 1972) is a retired Australian football (soccer) goalkeeper.	Zeljko Kalac	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matthias Trenson (born 3 October 1986) is a Belgian football player, who plays for Sporting Hasselt in the Belgian Third Division as a defender.	Matthias Trenson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Chiu Yu Ming (Chinese: 邱于銘; Jyutping: jau1 jyu1 ming4 ; born 9 November 1991 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong Premier League Yuen Long as a goalkeeper.	Chiu Yu Ming	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Slobodan Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Марковић; born 9 November 1978) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder.	Slobodan Marković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Stoltz (born 10 August 1976) is a Swedish football defender, currently representing Enköpings SK.	Robert Stoltz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marijan Novak was a Croatian football forward who is mainly known for his time at Dinamo Zagreb (1964--1972) and his contribution to the club's triumph in the 1966--67 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup.	Marijan Novak	forward
position played on team / speciality	Serafim Mihaylov (Bulgarian: Серафим Михайлов; born 25 April 1995) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a forward.	Serafim Mihaylov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sultan Samma is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Bali United as a forward.	Sultan Samma	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jan Spoelder (born 14 March 1973) is a German-born Dutch former football goalkeeper.	Jan Spoelder	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paolo Sokoli (born 29 March 1995) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Italian club Barletta and the Albania national under-21 football team.	Paolo Sokoli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Keith Hague (born 25 May 1946) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for York City and in non-League football for Goole Town.	Keith Hague	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ibrahim Tahini (born 25 July 1987 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean footballer of Lebanese descent who plays as a forward.	Ibrahim Tahini	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ibrahim Afellay (born 2 April 1986) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Stoke City and the Dutch national team.	Ibrahim Afellay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Srđan Mrkušić (May 26, 1915 -- October 30, 2007) was a Yugoslav football goalkeeper, legendary ``third back'' and forestry engineer.	Srđan Mrkušić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Oumar Sène, (born October 23, 1959, in Dakar, Senegal) is a former football midfielder.	Oumar Sène	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Everton Giovanella (born 13 September 1970 in Caxias do Sul) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Everton Giovanella	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Julián Rubio Sánchez (born 28 January 1952) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and a current manager.	Julián Rubio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kürşat Duymuş, (born 1 February 1979 in Muş, Turkey) is a Turkish retired football defender.	Kürşat Duymuş	defender
position played on team / speciality	Michael Dowsett (born 23 March 1992) is an Australian rugby union player who plays as a scrum-half for the Brumbies in Super Rugby.	Michael Dowsett	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Luan Michel de Louzã, simply known as Luan (born 21 September 1988) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Al Sharjah, on loan from Palmeiras, as a forward.	Luan Michel de Louzã	forward
position played on team / speciality	Graham Jennings (born 18 January 1960) is a former Australian association footballer, who played predominantly as a defender and was renowned for his speed, earning him the nickname flash.	Graham Jennings	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kim Min-sik (born October 29, 1985) is a South Korean football goalkeeper who has played for Jeonnam Dragons.	Kim Min-sik	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ibourahima Sidibé is a Malian professional footballer, who plays as a midfielder.	Ibourahima Sidibé	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ronnie Hildersley (born 6 April 1965, Kirkcaldy) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Ronnie Hildersley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luigi Martinelli (born September 2, 1970 in Chiari) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie C1 team Hellas Verona in the role of defender.	Luigi Martinelli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Abdul Rahman Al Shammari (born 13 February 1993) is a Kuwaiti footballer who currently plays for Al-Nasr SC in Kuwait as a defender.	Abdul Rahman Al Shammari	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rodrigo Pastorini de León (born 4 March 1990), commonly known as Rodrigo Pastorini, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward.	Rodrigo Pastorini	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gonzalo De Mujica (born 31 January 1989) is an Argentine professional soccer player who last played as a midfielder for Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League.	Gonzalo De Mujica	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christopher Dilo (born 5 January 1994) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ligue 2 side Dijon FCO.	Christopher Dilo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jurie van Tonder (born 9 August 1980 in Windhoek) is a Namibian rugby union scrum-half.	Jurie van Tonder	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Paul Shinners (born 8 January 1959) is a preacher, exorcist, spiritual healer, proponent of the Uganda Anti-Homosexuality Act and former footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Gillingham, Colchester United and Leyton Orient.	Paul Shinners	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gerson José Sodré (born 14 July 1957), known as Gerson Sodré, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current assistant manager of Portuguesa.	Gerson Sodré	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fred Stallard (1938/1939 -- June 1991) was an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Derry City and for the Irish Football League in representative inter-league matches.	Fred Stallard	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dominggus Lim-Duan (born 15 May 1983) is a Dutch football player who plays as a midfielder for Zwolle.	Dominggus Lim-Duan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro De Vitis (born 15 February 1992) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for SPAL, on loan from Sampdoria.	Alessandro De Vitis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tony Underwood (born 17 February 1969 in Ipoh, Malaysia) is a former English rugby union footballer who played as a wing three-quarter back.	Tony Underwood	wing
position played on team / speciality	Marko Poletanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Полетановић, born 20 July 1993) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for SV Zulte Waregem Belgian Pro League on loan from club Gent.	Marko Poletanović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Tiffert (born 18 February 1982) is a German footballer who plays as midfielder for Erzgebirge Aue.	Christian Tiffert	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Bowgett (born 17 June 1955) in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, England, is a retired English professional footballer who played as a central defender for Tottenham Hotspur and Wimbledon in the Football League.	Paul Bowgett	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vitaliy Vizaver (Ukrainian: Віталій Юрійович Візавер, born 22 December 1978 in the Kherson Oblast in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football defender who last played for FK Andijan in the Uzbek League.	Vitaliy Vizaver	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dawid Kręt (born August 2, 1988 in Płońsk - Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Dawid Kręt	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Maneiro (born 17 February 1989) is an Andorran international footballer who plays for UE Santa Coloma, as a defender.	David Maneiro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Wong Ordeñana (born August 17, 1979 in Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican footballer, who plays at defender at Puntarenas.	Roberto Wong	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alex Codling born 25 September 1973 in Lewisham is a former Rugby Union lock forward.	Alex Codling	lock
position played on team / speciality	Sérgio Ricardo dos Santos Vieira, shortly Sergio (born 28 Man 1975) is a Brazilian footballer, who played as a forward.	Sérgio Ricardo dos Santos Vieira	forward
position played on team / speciality	Amadeo Gasparini is a retired Argentine association football midfielder.	Amadeo Gasparini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Johan Eklund (born 30 May 1984 in Falun, Sweden) is a Swedish footballer who plays for GIF Sundsvall as a forward.	Johan Eklund	forward
position played on team / speciality	Frederico Burgel Xavier (born 15 January 1986), commonly known as Fred, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Grêmio	Frederico Burgel Xavier	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milcho Tanev (born 21 January 1983, in Stara Zagora) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Vereya Stara Zagora as a midfielder.	Milcho Tanev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Gooch (11 July 1921 -- 2001) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Jimmy Gooch	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alfredo Lalanne (born 3 March 1983 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine scrum-half who plays for London Scottish in the Aviva Championship.	Alfredo Lalanne	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Lars Iver Strand (born 7 May 1983) is a Norwegian footballer who last played for Sandefjord as an attacking midfielder.	Lars Iver Strand	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Mayo (born 15 May 1973 in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape) is a retired South African football (soccer) player who played as a defender, midfielder and striker.	Patrick Mayo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rauno Pehka (born January 1, 1969) is a retired Estonian professional basketball player who played mostly at the point guard position.	Rauno Pehka	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Jurica Buljat (born 19 September 1986 in Zadar) is a Croatian football defender, who last played for Metalist Kharkiv.	Jurica Buljat	defender
position played on team / speciality	Artur Dyson dos Santos (born 9 January 1911, Lisbon - Deceased), former Portuguese footballer who played goalkeeper for Sporting and the Portugal national team.	Artur Dyson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Horst Borcherding (8 October 1930 -- 9 February 2015) was a German footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Horst Borcherding	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ayman Hefny (Arabic: أيمن حفني‎; born 31 December 1985) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Egyptian giant Zamalek.	Ayman Hefny	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Toni Vastić (born 17 January 1993) is an Austrian football forward who plays currently for Admira Wacker.	Toni Vastić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Esrom Nyandoro (born 6 February 1980 in Bulawayo) is a Zimbabwean football (soccer) midfielder.	Esrom Nyandoro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gordon Bartlett (born 3 December 1955 in London) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward.	Gordon Bartlett	forward
position played on team / speciality	Didier Ya Konan (born 22 May 1984 in Côte d'Ivoire) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward for Fortuna Düsseldorf and the Côte d'Ivoire national team.	Didier Ya Konan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lawrence Tlou Molekwane (born 2 February 1989) is a South African football player, who plays as defender for Premier Soccer League side Polokwane City.	Tlou Molekwane	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mijat Gaćinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мијат Гаћиновић; born 8 February 1995) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a winger for German club Eintracht Frankfurt.	Mijat Gaćinović	winger
position played on team / speciality	Dennis Purperhart (born June 10, 1969 in Paramaribo) is a Surinamese professional footballer who last played as midfielder for Amsterdamsche FC.	Dennis Purperhart	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Juan Figueras García, (born 25 January 1979), known as José Juan, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Lugo as a goalkeeper.	José Juan Figueras	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michal Vorel (born 27 June 1975 in Prague) is a Czech football goalkeeper.	Michal Vorel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Darren Wassall (born 27 June 1968) is an English former football defender who made 177 appearances in the Football League.	Darren Wassall	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Mitrofanov (Ukrainian: Олександр Митрофанов; born 1 November 1977) is a footballer who last played as a midfielder for Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Ordabasy.	Oleksandr Mitrofanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diego Gaúcho (born 15 November 1981 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian footballer as a defender.	Diego Gaúcho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Willis Ochieng Oganyo (born 10 October 1981 in Mathare) is a Kenyan footballer who plays for Western Stima in the Tusker Premier League as a goalkeeper.	Willis Ochieng	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ronan Quemener (born February 13, 1988) is a French ice hockey goaltender who played for France at the 2011 IIHF World Championship.	Ronan Quemener	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Polovkov (Ukrainian: Олександр Іванович Половков; born 4 October 1979, Sverdlovsk, Voroshylovhrad Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for different clubs in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksandr Polovkov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Karl Austin (born 7 August 1961) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Stafford Rangers, Port Vale and Gresley Rovers in the 1980s.	Karl Austin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo Carné (born February 9, 1990 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian goalkeeper.	Marcelo Carné	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mario Genta (1 March 1912 -- 1993) was an Italian football (soccer) midfielder.	Mario Genta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Taghavi (Persian: محمد تقوی‎‎) is an Iranian football defender, who played for Iran.	Mohammad Taghavi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Valdenir Barretos (born 6 February 1986 in Rio Brilhante), commonly known as Val Barreto, is a Brazilian forward.	Val Barreto	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gustavo Blanco Leschuk (born 5 November 1991) is an Argentine professional football player who plays as a forward.	Gustavo Blanco Leschuk	forward
position played on team / speciality	Triston Grant (born February 2, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger, currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Triston Grant	winger
position played on team / speciality	Sanel Kapidžić (born 14 April 1990 in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Danish footballer of Bosnian descent, who last played as a forward for Mjøndalen.	Sanel Kapidžić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Diego Claudino da Silva (born 26 March 1993), known as Diego Silva or simply Diego, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos, on loan from Náutico, as a central defender.	Diego Claudino da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dwight James is a Barbadian international footballer who plays for Notre Dame, as a defender.	Dwight James	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alex Riggs (born March 17, 1988) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Saint Louis FC in the United Soccer League.	Alex Riggs	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Blagoje Istatov (Macedonian: Блaгoje Иcтaтoв, born 5 April 1947) is a Macedonian retired football goalkeeper.	Blagoje Istatov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dominique Jean-Zéphirin (born 3 June 1982) is a Haitian-French former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Dominique Jean-Zéphirin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peter Gleasure is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Millwall, Northampton Town and Gillingham.	Peter Gleasure	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lerin Duarte (born 11 August 1990 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer of Cape Verdean descent, playing as a midfielder for NAC Breda, on loan from Ajax.	Lerin Duarte	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Necip Uysal (Turkish pronunciation: (ned͡ʒip ujsaɫ), born 24 January 1991) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Beşiktaş.	Necip Uysal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jérémy Livolant (9 January 1998) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Guingamp in Ligue 1.	Jérémy Livolant	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Saad Al Thyab (Arabic سعد الذياب, born 22 November 1985) is a Saudi Arabian football player who currently plays as a defender for Al-Hilal.	Saad Al Thyab	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Felipe Alves Ribeiro, better known as Juan Felipe, (born 5 December 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pahang FC in the Malaysia Super League.	Juan Felipe Alves Ribeiro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Omar Monterde Villaescusa (born 24 March 1989 in Valencia), simply known as Omar, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Legionovia Legionowo as a left winger.	Omar Monterde	winger
position played on team / speciality	Raphael Koch (born 20 January 1990) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as a defender.	Raphael Koch	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milovan Milović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милован Миловић; born 24 October 1980 in Raška) is a Serbian football defender who is currently playing for Javor Ivanjica.	Milovan Milović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fred Hopkinson (26 April 1908 -- after 1935) was an English footballer who made 221 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half or inside right for Darlington and Barrow in the 1920s and 1930s.	Fred Hopkinson	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Christian Gandu (born 1 July 1992) is a Congolese professional footballer who plays in the Netherlands for Magreb'90, as a midfielder.	Christian Gandu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jaroslava Lorencová is a retired Czech football goalkeeper.	Jaroslava Lorencová	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandr Olerski (18 May 1973 -- 21 October 2011) was a football forward from Estonia.	Aleksandr Olerski	forward
position played on team / speciality	Chaowat Veerachat (Thai: เชาว์วัฒน์ วีระชาติ), simply known as Ince (Thai: อินซ์), is a Thai footballer who plays for Thai Premier League clubside Buriram United as a midfielder.	Chaowat Veerachat	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mirza Mujčić (born 7 April 1994) is a Swedish footballer of Bosnian descent who plays as a defender.	Mirza Mujčić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Chris Clifford (born May 26, 1966 in Kingston, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender, who played two games in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Black Hawks.	Chris Clifford	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Sidney Ross (born 8 June 1869) was a former Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Sidney Ross	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marco Claúdio Cardoso Lourenço (born 5 May 1979 in Lisbon), known as Marco Cláudio, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Marco Claúdio Cardoso Lourenço	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcelino García Toral (born 14 August 1965), known simply as Marcelino in his playing days, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and the current manager of Villarreal CF.	Marcelino García Toral	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ilja van Leerdam (born August 8, 1978 in Eindhoven, Netherlands) is a Dutch former footballer who last played for North American Soccer League club FC Edmonton as a midfielder.	Ilja van Leerdam	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jofre Mateu González (born 24 January 1980), known simply as Jofre, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Indian club FC Goa as a left midfielder.	Jofre	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dimitri Altaryov also transliterated as Dmitry Altaryоv (born August 13, 1980) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Yugra Khanty-Mansiysk of the Kontinental Hockey League.	Dimitri Altaryov	winger
position played on team / speciality	Marios Charalambous(Greek: Μάριος Χαραλάμπους) born June 18, 1969 is a former international Cypriot football defender.	Marios Charalambous	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gustavo Culma (born 20 April 1993 in Ortigal) is a Colombian footballer currently playing as a winger for Bulgarian A Football Group club Litex Lovech.	Gustavo Culma	winger
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Michel Fontaine (born August 28, 1988 in Saint-Pierre, Réunion) is a French forward.	Jean-Michel Fontaine	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gilles Peycelon (born July 3, 1960 in Saint-Étienne, France) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Gilles Peycelon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christer Kleiven (born 9 April 1988) is a Norwegian midfielder who currently plays for Vigør in the 3.	Christer Kleiven	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Badawi Abdel Fattah (Arabic: بدوي عبدالفتاح‎) (born 24 May 1935--6 December 2007) is an Egyptian former footballer who played as a midfielder for the Egyptian national team.	Badawi Abdel Fattah	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Steres (born November 11, 1990) is an American professional soccer player who plays for the LA Galaxy in Major League Soccer as a defender.	Daniel Steres	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Gomes da Costa (born 25 February 1919), former Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Francisco Gomes da Costa	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aleš Poplatnik (born 25 June 1987 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian footballer who is a forward.	Aleš Poplatnik	forward
position played on team / speciality	Madson Henrique Nascimento Santos (born 9 May 1991), commonly known as Madson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Romanian club Universitatea Craiova as a central midfielder.	Madson Henrique Nascimento Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antons Kurakins (born 1 January 1990) is a Latvian professional football defender, currently playing for Hamilton Academical in the Scottish Premiership as a left-back.	Antons Kurakins	defender
position played on team / speciality	Igor Nascimento Soares (born August 3, 1979 in Osasco), or simply Igor, is a Brazilian football defender, who currently plays for Botafogo-SP in the Brazilian Série B.	Igor Nascimento Soares	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mladen Ramljak (1 July 1945 in Zagreb - 13 September 1978 near Novska) was a Croatian football defender.	Mladen Ramljak	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eusebio Alfredo Acasuzo Colán (Spanish: Eusebio Acasuzo, born 8 April 1952) is a retired Peruvian professional football goalkeeper.	Eusebio Acasuzo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Georgi Gaydarov (Bulgarian: Георги Гайдаров; born 10 December 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays as a defender.	Georgi Gaydarov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Constantinou (born October 12, 1980 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Cypriot football defender who currently plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni and national team of Cyprus.	Andreas Constantinou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Gimelli (born 16 July 1982 in Canosa, Bari, Italy) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender.	Roberto Gimelli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martina Piemonte is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A side San Zaccaria as a forward.	Martina Piemonte	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gary Potter (born 6 August 1952, Chester) is a former English footballer who played as a defender.	Gary Potter	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mourad Hdiouad (Arabic: مراد حدود‎; born 10 September 1976) is a former Moroccan international footballer who played as a midfielder.	Mourad Hdiouad	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ralph Caraffi (born January 19, 1901 in Dunlevy, Pennsylvania; died January, 1978 in Cleveland, Ohio) was a U.S. soccer midfielder.	Ralph Caraffi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Krimo Rebih (1 May 1932 -- 6 October 2012) was a professional Algerian footballer who played as a forward.	Krimo Rebih	forward
position played on team / speciality	David Linighan (born 9 January 1965) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1982 until 2002.	David Linighan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lucien Muller-Schmidt (born September 3, 1934) is a former French footballer and manager born in Bischwiller who played as a midfielder.	Lucien Muller	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giorgia Motta is an Italian football defender, currently playing for Torres CF in Serie A. She has also played for Bardolino CF in Serie A and AD Torrejón in the Spanish Superleague.	Giorgia Motta	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pasquale Bruno (born 19 June 1962) is an Italian football commentator and former professional footballer who played as a defender, remembered for being one of the toughest players in the history of Italian football.	Pasquale Bruno	defender
position played on team / speciality	Han Win Aung (Burmese: ဟန်ဝင်းအောင်; born 17 December 1986) is a footballer from Burma, and a defender for the Myanmar national football team.	Han Win Aung	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mykyta Kamenyuka (Ukrainian: Микита Каменюка; born 3 June 1985, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Zorya in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Mykyta Kamenyuka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Enquist (born May 20, 1968 in Beaverton, Oregon) was a U.S. soccer forward who played two seasons in the Western Soccer League, one in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the USISL.	Jeff Enquist	forward
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Epp (born 7 April 1968 in Bietigheim-Bissingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a retired German football forward.	Thomas Epp	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bjarni Ólafur Eiríksson (born 28 March 1982) is an Icelandic football defender who is currently playing for Valur in Iceland.	Bjarni Ólafur Eiríksson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thijs Hendriks (born 5 February 1985) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Achilles '29 mainly as a forward.	Thijs Hendriks	forward
position played on team / speciality	Koro Issa Ahmed Koné (born 5 July 1989), commonly known as Koro Koné, is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Arles-Avignon as a forward.	Koro Issa Ahmed Koné	forward
position played on team / speciality	Clyde Leon (born 8 December 1983) is an international soccer player from Trinidad and Tobago who plays professionally for W Connection as a midfielder.	Clyde Leon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Vázquez González (born 12 April 1985 in A Coruña, Galicia), known as Chapi, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	David Vázquez González	defender
position played on team / speciality	David Waugh (born 1866, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	David Waugh	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arturo Velazco is a former American soccer defender.	Arturo Velazco	defender
position played on team / speciality	Danilo Goffi (born 3 December 1972 in Legnano) is an Italian long-distance runner, who specializes in the marathon.	Danilo Goffi	marathon
position played on team / speciality	Didier Ernst (born 15 September 1971) is a former Belgian football player who played as a defender.	Didier Ernst	defender
position played on team / speciality	Timothy van der Meulen (born 2 March 1990 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender and who currently plays for Almere City in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Timothy van der Meulen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matheus Bitencourt da Silva (born 28 June 1995), commonly known as Matheus Biteco, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder, but also occasionally right back, for Grêmio.	Matheus Biteco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Djuranović (born 5 May 1968 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Slovenian international football midfielder.	Dejan Djuranović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Špoljarić (Greek: Αλεξάντερ Σπόλιαριτς, Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Шпољарић; born 28 November 1995) is a Cypriot football goalkeeper who plays for OFK Beograd.	Alexander Špoljarić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jelena Grubišić (born 20 January 1987) is a Croatian handballer who plays as a goalkeeper for CSM Bucharest and the Croatian national team.	Jelena Grubišić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Javier Acuña Caballero (born 23 June 1988) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Mallorca on loan from Club Olimpia as a forward.	Javier Acuña	forward
position played on team / speciality	Anton Lienert-Brown (born 15 April 1995) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a second five-eighth or wing for the Chiefs in Super Rugby.	Anton Lienert-Brown	wing
position played on team / speciality	Fulvio Collovati (born May 9, 1957) is an Italian former footballer, who played as defender.	Fulvio Collovati	defender
position played on team / speciality	Boglárka Megyeri (born 19 July 1987 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football midfielder currently playing in the Hungarian First Division for Viktória FC-Szombathely.	Boglárka Megyeri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Teemu Pukki (born 29 March 1990) is a Finnish footballer who plays currently as a forward for Danish Superliga club Brøndby.	Teemu Pukki	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adib Aizuddin Abdul Latif is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FELDA United F.C. in the Malaysian Super League.	Adib Aizuddin Abdul Latif	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Brückner (born 14 February 1981) is a German football player of Algerian origin who plays as a midfielder for Rot-Weiß Erfurt.	Daniel Brückner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maria Sorvillo is an Italian football defender, currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Italy's Serie A. She has won five leagues with SS Lazio, CF Bardolino and Torres CF. She has been a member of the Italian national team.	Maria Sorvillo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alfred Stanley (1860 -- c. 1930), known as Eddy Stanley, was an English footballer who played as a forward for Small Heath Alliance (now Birmingham City) from 1881 until his career was ended by injury ten years later.	Eddy Stanley	forward
position played on team / speciality	Samuel Allegro (born March 14, 1978 in Saint-Chamond, Loire, France) is a defender currently playing for Red Star.	Samuel Allegro	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Rui Tavares da Veiga (born 16 September 1982 in Póvoa de Santa Iria, Lisbon), commonly known as Zé Rui, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Lusitano Futebol Clube as a left winger.	Zé Rui	winger
position played on team / speciality	Kévin das Neves (born 8 May 1986 in Clermont-Ferrand) is a French football defender who plays for Championnat National side Châteauroux.	Kévin das Neves	defender
position played on team / speciality	Greg Griffin (September 6, 1952 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a retired professional basketball small forward who spent one season in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the Phoenix Suns during the 1977--78 season.	Greg Griffin	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Fábio Moisés Rosa, known as Fabinho Mauá, (born 12 December 1979) is a Brazilian football midfielder playing with AG Madeiras.	Fabinho Mauá	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Lopes da Silva, known as Daniel Sobralense, (born 10 February 1983 in Sobral) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Fortaleza as an attacking midfielder.	Daniel Sobralense	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tarik Elyounoussi (Arabic: طارق اليونسي‎; born 23 February 1988) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for German Bundesliga club 1899 Hoffenheim, as a forward or winger.	Tarik Elyounoussi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Milan Biševac (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Бишевац; born 31 August 1983) is a Serbian footballer who plays as centre-back for Italian Serie A club Lazio.	Milan Biševac	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Lodetti (born 10 August 1942) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Giovanni Lodetti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Borja Valero Iglesias (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈborxa βaˈleɾo); born 12 January 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Italian club Fiorentina as a central midfielder.	Borja Valero	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zhang Chong (Chinese: 张翀; pinyin: Zhāng Chōng born November 25, 1987) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese Super League.	Zhang Chong	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nyanforth Peters (born September 3, 1975) is reputedly a Liberian soccer forward drafted by the Kansas City Wiz in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft.	Nyanforth Peters	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Steblecki (born 16 January 1992 in Kraków) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Górnik Zabrze in the Polish Ekstraklassa.	Sebastian Steblecki	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Rui de Pina Aguiar (born 6 November 1964), known as José Rui, is a Cape Verdean retired footballer who played as a central defender, and the current assistant coach of the Cape Verde national football team.	José Rui	defender
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Francisco Serra (born 6 November 1935) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a defender.	Francisco Serra	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Carlos Álvarez Vega (born 2 May 1954 in El Entrego, Asturias) is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager.	Juan Carlos Álvarez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Huber (born 14 June 1966) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a goalkeeper during the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s.	Stefan Huber	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mark Semioli (born March 20, 1968 in Brooklyn, New York) is a retired American soccer defender who played six seasons in Major Soccer League, four in American Professional Soccer League and three in USISL.	Mark Semioli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oleksiy Shlyakotin (Ukrainian: Олексій Ігорович Шлякотін; born 2 September 1989 in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Oleksiy Shlyakotin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Edmilson Ferreira, shortly Castor (born March 10, 1979) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder for Operário (MS)	Edmilson Ferreira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabio Rossitto (born 21 September 1971 in Aviano, Province of Pordenone) is a retired Italian football player who played as a midfielder from 1989 to 2007.	Fabio Rossitto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Veljko Batrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Вељко Батровић, born 5 March 1994) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Slovenian PrvaLiga club Zavrč, as a midfielder.	Veljko Batrović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wes Goldie (born May 5, 1979) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who last played for the Alaska Aces of the ECHL.	Wes Goldie	winger
position played on team / speciality	Doris Bačić (born 23 February 1995) is a Croatian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Rosengård of the Swedish Damallsvenskan.	Doris Bačić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Onllwyn Brace (16 November 1932 - 4 July 2013) was a Welsh international scrum-half who played club rugby for Newport and Aberavon.	David Onllwyn Brace	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Zhao Lina (simplified Chinese: 赵丽娜; traditional Chinese: 趙麗娜; pinyin: Zhào Lìnà; born September 18, 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays goalkeeper.	Zhao Lina	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Carlos Granero Granero (born 27 May 1963 in Chella, Valencia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back or a central defender, and a current manager.	José Carlos Granero	defender
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Canabal Fiestra (born 10 November 1974 in Forcarei, Pontevedra) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a centre forward.	Manuel Canabal	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dylan Gissi (born 27 April 1991) is a Swiss football defender of Argentinean background.	Dylan Gissi	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Balbino da Silva (born 23 March 1896 - deceased) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	José Balbino da Silva	forward
position played on team / speciality	Buran Beadini (born 30 March 1955) is a football manager and former defender who played for clubs in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Buran Beadini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Stankov (born 19 February 1991 in Štip) is a Dutch-Macedonian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Vejle Boldklub on loan from Viborg FF in the danish NordicBet Ligaen.	Antonio Stankov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Warren Lipka (born St. Louis, Missouri), is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who formerly coached the University of Kentucky women's soccer team, and is now the head women's soccer coach at Morehead State University.	Warren Lipka	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mickaël Mazzoli (born 27 March 1987) is a Saint Martin international football midfielder last playing with FK Slavija in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mickaël Mazzoli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Artyom Argokov (borm January 1, 1976) is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey player who is a defenceman for Beibarys Atyrau.	Artyom Argokov	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Ioan Haydn Price (1883 -- 7 March 1964) was a Welsh footballer who played at wing half or centre forward for various clubs in the period prior to World War I, before brief spells as a manager with Walsall and Grimsby Town.	Haydn Price	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Jacob Melling (born 4 April 1995) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as midfielder for Melbourne City.	Jacob Melling	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Erick Lonnis Bolaños (born 9 September 1965 in San José) is a retired Costa Rican football goalkeeper who played during the 1990s and early 2000s.	Erick Lonnis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dereje Alemu is an Ethiopian professional footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Dashen Beer.	Dereje Alemu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peter Pöllhuber (born 30 April 1985) is an Austrian professional association football player, currently playing for Wiener Viktoria as a defender.	Peter Pöllhuber	defender
position played on team / speciality	Romario Harewood (born 17 August 1994) is a Barbadian footballer who currently plays for Barbados Defence Force of the Barbados Premier Division and the Barbados national team as a midfielder.	Romario Harewood	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Pablo Hernández (born 24 October 1986) is a Chilean footballer who plays for Spanish club Celta de Vigo as an attacking midfielder.	Pedro Pablo Hernández	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rory Lawson (born 12 March 1981) is a former Scottish international rugby union player who played his career in Scotland and England as a scrum half.	Rory Lawson	scrum half
position played on team / speciality	Anthony Hickey (born November 22, 1992) is an American basketball player who plays the point guard position, most recently for the Louisiana State University Tigers.	Anthony Hickey	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Aitor Tornavaca Fernández (born 24 March 1976), known simply as Aitor, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Llanes mainly as a left midfielder.	Aitor Tornavaca Fernández	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Khoren Oganesian (Armenian: Խորեն Հովհաննիսյան, born 10 January 1955), also known as Khoren Hovhannisyan, is a former Armenian and Soviet football player who played midfielder and current manager and coach.	Khoren Oganesian	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivo Smoje (born 21 November 1978) is a retired Croatian football defender, last playing for NK Osijek, where he's currently working as the sporting director.	Ivo Smoje	defender
position played on team / speciality	Emeric Dudouit (born 7 September 1991) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Les Herbiers.	Emeric Dudouit	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Mwepu Ilunga (22 August 1949 -- 8 May 2015) was a football defender from Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo).	Mwepu Ilunga	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Potenza (born 8 March 1984 in San Severo) is an Italian football defender, who currently plays for Chennaiyin FC.	Alessandro Potenza	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yves Lenaerts (born 27 February 1983 in Turnhout) is a Belgian football goalkeeper who joined Club Brugge in 2006.	Yves Lenaerts	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ljubiša Rajković (born February 7, 1950 in Donja Trnava village near Niš, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia.	Ljubiša Rajković	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roman Akhalkatsi (Georgian: რომან ახალკაცი; born 20 February 1980 in Gori, Georgia) is a Georgian footballer currently playing for Dila Gori as a midfielder.	Roman Akhalkatsi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ariel Álvarez (born 9 May 1973) is a Cuban former footballer who played at international levels, as a midfielder.	Ariel Álvarez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Magallanes (born June 14 1956) is a retired Argentine football (soccer) midfielder who played professionally in Argentina and the United States.	Pedro Magallanes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yanina Gaitán (born 3 June 1978) is an Argentine former international footballer who played as a midfielder.	Yanina Gaitán	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Marinelli (born 14 March 1982 in Villa de Mayo, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine former footballer, who played as an attacking midfielder.	Carlos Marinelli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Procópio Mendes, best known as Zezé Procópio (August 12, 1913 in Varginha, Minas Gerais State -- February 8, 1980 in Valença, Rio de Janeiro State) was an association footballer in midfielder role.	Zezé Procópio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Prytz (born 12 January 1960 in Malmö, Scania) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder from the late 1970s until the early 2000s.	Robert Prytz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Pedro Silva Morais (born 21 March 1976), commonly known as Caló, is a Cape Verdean retired footballer who played as a left winger.	Carlos Pedro Silva Morais	winger
position played on team / speciality	Vincent Clerc (born May 7, 1981) is a French rugby union player who plays on the wing.	Vincent Clerc	wing
position played on team / speciality	Sead Babača (Cyrillic: Сеад Бабача, born 30 November 1981) is a Montenegrin football midfielder.	Sead Babača	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Trần Chí Công is a Vietnamese football defender who plays for Vietnamese V-League club Bình Dương F.C..	Trần Chí Công	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tyler Robertson (born December 23, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent.	Tyler Robertson	pitcher
position played on team / speciality	Álvaro Cardoso Pereira (born 7 November 1904 - deceased), former Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder.	Álvaro Cardoso Pereira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Albert Dwayne Roloson (born October 12, 1969) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender and the current goaltending coach of the Anaheim Ducks.	Dwayne Roloson	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Filip Chlup (born 10 June 1985) is a Czech professional footballer who played as a midfielder for 1.	Filip Chlup	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Claudio Tello (28 September 1963 -- 15 April 2014) was a Chilean footballer who played as a defender.	Claudio Tello	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Louis (born 8 August 1992) is a Haitian international footballer who plays professionally for French club Caen, as a midfielder.	Jeff Louis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fahad Hamad Yamani (born 23 November 1989) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al Ahli SC as a as a midfielder .	Fahad Hamad	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mahan Rahmani (Persian: ماهان رحمانی‎‎); is an Iranian Football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Saipa in the Iran Pro League.	Mahan Rahmani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kelechi Francis Ibekwe (born 5 April 1984, Lagos) is a Nigerian football forward who currently plays for S.S. Calcio Giugliano in the Eccellenza.	Kelechi Francis Ibekwe	forward
position played on team / speciality	Latu Makaafi, also spelt as Latu Maka'afi, (born 1982) is a Tongan rugby union flanker and Number 8 who plays for RFU Championship team, Doncaster Knights	Latu Makaafi	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Justice Wamfor (born 5 August 1981) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Royal Antwerp in the Belgian Second Division as a midfielder.	Justice Wamfor	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo Nascimento da Costa (born 24 August 1984 in Manacapuru, Amazonas) commonly known as Marcelinho, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Bulgarian club Ludogorets Razgrad.	Marcelo Nascimento da Costa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dimitar Pechikamakov (Bulgarian: Димитър Печикамъков; born 24 June 1963), is a former Bulgarian football midfielder and legendary footballer of Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa.	Dimitar Pechikamakov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nino Pekarić (Serbian Cyrillic: Нино Пекарић; born 16 August 1982) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Vojvodina.	Nino Pekarić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Javier Modrego Casado (born 19 January 1988 in Soria, Castile and León) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Javier Modrego	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ânderson Luís da Silva (born 13 February 1981), known as Luisão, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Portuguese club Benfica.	Luisão	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Perrotta (born 14 February 1994 in Campodipietra) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Pescara in Serie A.	Marco Perrotta	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Schulmeister (30 April 1977 -- 4 February 2003) was an Argentine footballer who played as goalkeeper in some clubs in the Argentine Primera División.	Sergio Schulmeister	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michel Pensée Billong (born 16 June 1973 in Yaoundé) is a former Cameroonian footballer who played as a defender.	Michel Pensée	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Zunzunegui Rodríguez (5 October 1943 -- 28 August 2014) was a Spanish footballer, who played as a defender.	Fernando Zunzunegui	defender
position played on team / speciality	Christian Alfonso López (born 2 May 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.	Christian Alfonso	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Normunds Sējējs (born February 16, 1968 in Riga) is a former Latvian ice hockey defenceman and coach.	Normunds Sējējs	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Koturović (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Котуровић; born March 31, 1972) is a retired Serbian basketball center.	Dejan Koturović	center
position played on team / speciality	Magdy Atwa or Magdi Atwa (Arabic: مجدي عطوة‎) is an Egyptian football midfielder.	Magdy Atwa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Darius Gvildys (born 26 December 1970) is former football defender from Lithuania.	Darius Gvildys	defender
position played on team / speciality	Harvey Limón (born July 21, 1975) is a Surinamese professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Groene Ster Heerlerheide	Harvey Limón	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lubambo Musonda (born 1 March 1995) is a Zambian international footballer who plays for the Armenian club Gandzasar Kapan as a left winger.	Lubambo Musonda	winger
position played on team / speciality	Andrej Panadić (born 9 March 1969 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football coach and a former defender.	Andrej Panadić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milen Gamakov (Bulgarian: Милен Гамаков; born 12 April 1994) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Botev Plovdiv and the Bulgarian U21 team as a midfielder.	Milen Gamakov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Sebastián Álvarez Valeira (born 17 April 1984 in San Martín, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football defender who currently plays for Rosario Central.	Pablo Sebastián Álvarez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juris Laizāns (born 6 January 1979 in Riga) is a Latvian former football midfielder, currently working as a scout for FC Krasnodar in the Russian Premier League.	Juris Laizāns	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Narcís Julià Fontané (born 24 May 1963) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender, and a current manager.	Narcís Julià	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nicolás Cambiasso (born March 2, 1978) is a retired Argentine football goalkeeper who last played for All Boys in the Argentine Primera División.	Nicolás Cambiasso	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Juan José Ribera (born 11 October 1980) is a Chilean former football midfielder who plays for Santiago Morning in Chile.	Juan José Ribera	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Guido van de Kamp (born February 8, 1964 in Den Bosch) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a goalkeeper and is currently Facilities Manager for his hometown club F. C. Den Bosch.	Guido van de Kamp	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Shang Yi (born 20 January 1979) is Chinese former footballer who played at both professional and international levels, as a midfielder.	Shang Yi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Régis Gurtner (born 8 December 1986 in Saverne, Bas-Rhin) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Amiens as a goalkeeper.	Régis Gurtner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	César Cruchaga Lasa (born 26 January 1974 in Ezcároz -- Ezkaroze, Navarre) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.	César Cruchaga	defender
position played on team / speciality	Seamus Donal D'Arcy, known as Jimmy D'Arcy or sometimes Paddy D'Arcy, (14 December 1921 -- 22 February 1985) was an Northern Irish international footballer who played as an inside forward.	Jimmy D'Arcy	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dino Škvorc (born 2 February 1990) is a Croatian football defender who currently playing for Hapoel Kfar Saba.	Dino Škvorc	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marino Bifulco (born 9 August 1982 in Pescara) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Matera in the Italian Lega Pro/C.	Marino Bifulco	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arsen Chilingaryan (Armenian: Արսեն Չիլինգարյան, 1965 - 14 May 2013) was a Soviet Armenian football defender.	Arsen Chilingaryan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stelios Longras(Greek: Στέλιος Λόγκρας) born 17 August 1976 in Nicosia, Cyprus is a Cypriot football defender who last played for Olympiakos Nicosia after serving as captain for APEP Pitsilia for many years.	Stelios Longras	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ruaidhrí Higgins (born 23 October 1984) is a midfielder playing with Coleraine in the Danske Bank NIFL Premiership in Northern Ireland.	Ruaidhrí Higgins	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pete Marino (born April 23, 1973) is an American soccer forward currently playing for the Treasure Coast Galleons in the FESL.	Pete Marino	forward
position played on team / speciality	Isus Angelov (Bulgarian: Исус Ангелов; born 30 March 1994) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Botev Galabovo as a midfielder.	Isus Angelov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Antonio Redondo García (born 8 March 1953) is a retired footballer who played as a defender, and a current manager.	José Antonio Redondo García	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pedro dos Santos Pereira (born 28 July 1978 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played mainly as a defender.	Pedro dos Santos Pereira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Vieira do Nascimento, shortly Edu (born January 11, 1983) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.	Eduardo Vieira do Nascimento	forward
position played on team / speciality	Olavo Leite de Bastos, commonly known by the nickname Kafunga (August 7, 1914 -- November 17, 1991), was an association footballer who played goalkeeper, who spent his entire career defending Atlético Mineiro.	Kafunga	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andrejs Piedels (born in Jēkabpils, 17 September 1970) is a former Latvian football goalkeeper and the current goalkeeping coach of FK Jelgava in the Latvian Higher League and Latvia national football team.	Andrejs Piedels	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Yevhen Yevseyev (Ukrainian: Євген Васильович Євсеєв; 16 April 1987 -- 19 August 2011) was a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for Arsenal Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yevhen Yevseyev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dinko Felić (born 10 November 1983) is a Bosnian-born Norwegian footballer who plays as a forward.	Dinko Felić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rowan Liburd (born 28 August 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays for Reading as a forward.	Rowan Liburd	forward
position played on team / speciality	Steven Rice (born May 26, 1971) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League in the 1990s.	Steven Rice	winger
present in work	Mondas is a fictional planet in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Mondas	Doctor Who
present in work	The Lahnstein family is a very wealthy and aristocratic prestigious fictional family on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love).	Lahnstein family	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	Uriah Heep is a fictional character created by Charles Dickens in his novel David Copperfield.	Uriah Heep	David Copperfield
present in work	Agent J (born James Darrell Edwards III, and also called Jay, or just J) is a fictional MIB agent in the film Men in Black, its sequels Men in Black II and Men in Black 3, and Men in Black:	Agent J	Men in Black	Men in Black II
present in work	Prince Rabadash is a human character and the main antagonist in C. S. Lewis's fantasy novel The Horse and His Boy.	Rabadash	The Horse and His Boy
present in work	The White Rabbit is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.	White Rabbit	Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
present in work	Glenn Quagmire, often referred to as just Quagmire, is a character from the animated television series Family Guy.	Glenn Quagmire	Family Guy
present in work	Meredith Grey, M.D. is a fictional character from the hit medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, which airs on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States.	Meredith Grey	Grey's Anatomy
present in work	Yasmin Green (née McHugh; previously Matthews and MacKenzie) was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Ebony Thomas from 1998 until the end of the series in 2005.	Yasmin Green	Family Affairs
present in work	Celegorm (IPA: (ˈkeleɡorm)) is a fictional character in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium, appearing in The Silmarillion.	Celegorm	The Silmarillion
present in work	Wilkins Micawber is a fictional character from Charles Dickens's 1850 novel, David Copperfield.	Wilkins Micawber	David Copperfield
present in work	Charlotte Day was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Leanne Lakey.	Charlotte Day	Family Affairs
present in work	Dr. Reid Oliver is a fictional character from CBS's daytime drama As the World Turns.	Reid Oliver	As the World Turns
present in work	The Illusive Man is a fictional character in BioWare's Mass Effect video game franchise.	Illusive Man	Mass Effect
present in work	Thomson and Thompson (French: Dupond et Dupont) are fictional characters in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.	Thomson and Thompson	The Adventures of Tintin
present in work	Cosmic Boy, along with Saturn Girl and Lightning Lad, made his live-action debut in the eleventh episode of the eighth season of the CW series Smallville, portrayed by actor Ryan Kennedy.	Cosmic Boy	Smallville
present in work	Lady Tara Thornfield (née Cockburn, previously Lady Oakwell) is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale, played by Anna Brecon.	Tara Thornfield	Emmerdale
present in work	Pashang (Persian: پَشَنْگ‎‎), King of Turan, was according to Ferdowsi's epic the Shahnameh, of the race of Tur the son of Fereydun and the father of Afrasiab.	Pashang	Shahnameh
present in work	Colonel Winston Mayer is a fictional character on the CBS daytime drama As the World Turns.	Winston Mayer	As the World Turns
present in work	Michelle Fowler (also Holloway) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by actress Susan Tully.	Michelle Fowler	EastEnders
present in work	Serpentor in the G.I. Joe vs. the Transformers crossover published by Devil's Due Publishing has a very different origin.	Serpentor	Transformers
present in work	According to some Bible critics who contextually read this passage, the description of Onan is an origin myth concerning fluctuations in the constituency of the tribe of Judah, with the death of Onan reflecting the dying out of a clan;	Onan	Bible
present in work	In 2002, Hasbro relaunched the G.I. Joe ``A Real American Hero'' toyline in time for its 20th Anniversary, and a brand new Destro was included in the initial wave, which also received a repaint, and another variant was packaged with Destro's Devastator.	Destro	G.I. Joe ``A Real American Hero
present in work	The Decepticons are the main antagonists in the fictional universes of the Transformers franchise and related comics and cartoons, and the enemies of the Autobots.	Decepticon	Transformers
present in work	Yochlols are fictional demonic creatures in the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game.	Yochlol	Dungeons & Dragons
present in work	Negan is a fictional character in the comic book series The Walking Dead.	Negan	The Walking Dead
present in work	In The Godfather, Part II, Frank Pentangeli is portrayed as a very old associate and family friend who has been with the family since the early days of the Corleone olive oil business.	Frank Pentangeli	The Godfather, Part II
present in work	Song Jiang is also featured as a character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.	Song Jiang	Water Margin
present in work	Optimus Primal is a fictional character from the Transformers toyline, and the leader of the Maximal forces and the protagonist in the Beast Wars television series.	Optimus Primal	Transformers
present in work	Prospero (/ˈprɒspəroʊ/ PROS-pər-oh) is a fictional character and the protagonist of William Shakespeare's play The Tempest.	Prospero	The Tempest
present in work	Haydn Ross is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Charlton Hill (known then as Andrew Hill) The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 31 October 1990 and departed on 17 September 1991.	Haydn Ross	Home and Away
present in work	Cassivellaunus appears in Geoffrey of Monmouth's 12th century work Historia Regum Britanniae (History of the Kings of Britain), usually spelled Cassibelanus or Cassibelaunus.	Cassivellaunus	Historia Regum Britanniae
present in work	Bruno and Luisa di Marco are fictional characters from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played respectively by Leon Lissek from 29 January to 17 December 1998 and Stella Tanner from 29 January to 26 November 1998.	Bruno and Luisa di Marco	EastEnders
present in work	Myth Drannor has appeared in Elminster in Myth Drannor, Curse of the Azure Bonds, Pools of Darkness, Eye of the Beholder III:	Myth Drannor	Curse of the Azure Bonds	Pools of Darkness
present in work	Lesley Jane Beale (also Clarke and Collins) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Laurie Brett.	Jane Beale	EastEnders
present in work	Lorna Cartwright is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Janet Dibley intermittently between 31 July 1997 and 23 April 1998.	Lorna Cartwright	EastEnders
present in work	Metallic dragon is a classification of dragon found in the role playing game Dungeons & Dragons.	Metallic dragon	Dungeons & Dragons
record label	Born to Quit is the second album by the Chicago-based pop punk band the Smoking Popes, originally released in 1994 by Johann's Face Records and re-released in 1995 through Capitol Records.	Born to Quit	Johann's Face Records	Capitol Records
record label	Fair & Square is the 15th studio album by American folk singer-songwriter John Prine, released on Oh Boy Records in 2005.	Fair & Square	Oh Boy Records
record label	12`` Vinyl Magik Muzik, Maelstrom Records 12'' Vinyl ``Somewhere Inside'' (Original Mix)--9:52 ``Somewhere Inside'' (Andy Duguid Remix)--8:03	Somewhere Inside	Magik Muzik
record label	``Hi, How Ya Doin'?'' is a song written by Steve Horton and performed by Kenny G, released by Arista Records.	Hi, How Ya Doin'?	Arista Records
record label	Cream of the Crop is the eighteenth studio album released by Diana Ross & the Supremes for the Motown label.	Cream of the Crop	Motown
record label	Steppenwolf 7 is an album by the band Steppenwolf, released in 1970, and their fifth studio recording for Dunhill Records.	Steppenwolf 7	Dunhill Records
record label	Impeach My Bush is the fourth studio album by Canadian recording artist Peaches, released on July 11, 2006 by XL Recordings.	Impeach My Bush	XL Recordings
record label	Made in Jamaica (stylized as MADE iN JAMAÏCA) is a remix album by French DJ Bob Sinclar album released in 2010 by Yellow Productions.	Made in Jamaica	Yellow Productions
record label	The Band changed their name to ``Kutless'' in October 2001, before releasing their first three track EP followed up by their full-length album in 2002 on BEC Recordings.	Kutless	BEC Recordings
record label	Bareilles has stated that she wrote ``Bottle It Up'' prior to her signing to Epic Records in about 2003, while pondering about the potential consequences of signing to a record label, along with her ``hopes and fears about what it would feel like.''	Bottle It Up	Epic Records
record label	The Impossibility of Silence is a CD studio album by Black Sun Productions, released by Old Europa Cafe in 2006 and produced by Massimo & Pierce.	The Impossibility of Silence	Old Europa Cafe
record label	Dizzy Up the Girl is the sixth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls, released on September 22, 1998 through Warner Bros. Records.	Dizzy Up the Girl	Warner Bros. Records
record label	New Union Old Glory is a 2001 Lookout! Records release by Ann Beretta.	New Union Old Glory	Lookout! Records
record label	Flat Baroque and Berserk is the fourth album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper, and was first released in 1970 by Harvest Records.	Flat Baroque and Berserk	Harvest Records
record label	Countdown to Extinction is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth, released on July 6, 1992 through Capitol Records.	Countdown to Extinction	Capitol Records
record label	Diamonds for Breakfast is the fourth studio album by French singer Amanda Lear, released in 1980 by West German label Ariola Records.	Diamonds for Breakfast	Ariola Records
record label	``Ask the Lonely'' is a soul/pop ballad recorded by Motown singing group the Four Tops.	Ask the Lonely	Motown
record label	Revenge Is Sweet, and So Are You is the seventh album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1997 by Lookout! Records.	Revenge Is Sweet, and So Are You	Lookout! Records
record label	The Unveiling is the second studio album and first album released on independent hardcore Christian label Solid State Records by post-hardcore band Cry of the Afflicted.	The Unveiling	Solid State Records
record label	``Being Boiled'' was first released as a single in 1978 on the Fast Product label, and although failing to chart, was influential amongst other new wave and post-punk artists.	Being Boiled	Fast Product
record label	It was released in 1989 for Def Jam Recordings and was produced by Dwayne Simon and LL Cool J. ``Big Ole Butt'' would prove to be a mild success, making it to #13 on the Hot Rap Singles and #57 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.	Big Ole Butt	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Where Myth Fades to Legend is the second full-length studio album by Alesana, released through Fearless Records on June 3, 2008.	Where Myth Fades to Legend	Fearless Records
record label	Released under Decca Records, and produced by Owen Bradley, ``Fist City'' was recorded in late 1967, but not released until early 1968.	Fist City	Decca Records
record label	Dry Bones Dance is an album by Mark Heard, released in 1990, the first to be released on his own Fingerprint Records.	Dry Bones Dance	Fingerprint Records
record label	``Burning of the Midnight Lamp'' was released as a single in the United Kingdom by Track Records on August 19, 1967, backed with the specially-recorded B-side ``The Stars That Play with Laughing Sam's Dice''; the single was also released in certain regions of Europe by Polydor Records.	Burning of the Midnight Lamp	Track Records
record label	``She's My Ex'' was released through Cruz Records in 1989 as a 10-inch and 12-inch single, cassette single, and CD single.	She's My Ex	Cruz Records
record label	Outlandos d'Amour is the debut studio album by English rock band The Police, released in November 1978 by A&M Records.	Outlandos d'Amour	A&M Records
record label	``Kickin' Ass'' is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM from their 1986 album What Do You Know, Deutschland?.	Kickin' Ass	KMFDM
record label	The End Is Begun, released on July 24, 2007, is 3's fourth full length studio album, and the second to be released by Metal Blade Records.	The End Is Begun	Metal Blade Records
record label	Shock of the Hour is the debut album by rapper MC Ren, released November 16, 1993, on Ruthless Records and distributed by Relativity Records.	Shock of the Hour	Ruthless Records
record label	Thanks for Asking is an alternative hip hop album by Apsci, released on Quannum Projects on July 26, 2005.	Thanks for Asking	Quannum Projects
record label	``Pjanoo'' (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈpjɑːnʊ)) is a keyboard-based house track by the Swedish DJ and producer Eric Prydz.	Pjanoo	Eric Prydz
record label	Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town is the 73rd album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released in 1987, and his first for Mercury Records.	Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town	Mercury Records
record label	Sweetnighter is Weather Report's fourth album, released on Columbia Records in 1973.	Sweetnighter	Columbia Records
record label	When I Took That Train is the 40th release by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek, and the first of four released in 2005 by his own Corwood Industries label, as #0778.	When I Took That Train	Corwood Industries
record label	Lenses Alien is the second album by the indie rock band Cymbals Eat Guitars, released August 30, 2011 on Barsuk Records.	Lenses Alien	Barsuk Records
record label	Ask Rufus is the platinum-selling fifth studio album by funk band Rufus (billed as Rufus featuring Chaka Khan), released on the ABC Records label in 1977.	Ask Rufus	ABC Records
record label	The Silver Tongued Devil and I is the second album by Kris Kristofferson, released in 1971 on Monument Records.	The Silver Tongued Devil and I	Monument Records
record label	The demo for ``Make Me Your Baby'' was cut by journeyman session singer Jean Thomas on 22 January 1965 at the behest of Atlantic Records president Jerry Wexler, who wanted to offer the song to Patti LaBelle and the Bluebelles, then a Cameo-Parkway act Wexler was hoping to woo over to Atlantic.	Make Me Your Baby	Atlantic Records
record label	Women and Children First is the third studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen, released on March 26, 1980 on Warner Bros. Records.	Women and Children First	Warner Bros. Records
record label	``4 Hot Wave'' (stylized as ``4 hot wave'') is Japanese star Koda Kumi's 32nd single under the Rhythm Zone label.	4 Hot Wave	Rhythm Zone
record label	Odelay is the second official studio album and fifth overall by American alternative rock artist Beck, originally released on June 18, 1996, by DGC Records.	Odelay	DGC Records
record label	A Maximum High is the second studio album by the British rock band Shed Seven, released in April 1996 via Polydor Records.	A Maximum High	Polydor Records
record label	``Cherry Wine'' is a song by American rapper Nas, released in 2012 by Def Jam Recordings as the fourth single from his 2012 album Life Is Good.	Cherry Wine	Def Jam Recordings
record label	So Much 2 Say, released in 1990 on Warner Bros. Records, is a Gospel music album by American contemporary Gospel music group Take 6.	So Much 2 Say	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Welcome to America is the sixth album by rapper Schoolly D. The album was released in 1994 and was his first and only album for Ruffhouse Records.	Welcome to America	Ruffhouse Records
record label	Almighty Fire is the twenty-sixth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, Released on April 13, 1978 by Atlantic Records.	Almighty Fire	Atlantic Records
record label	Burning Down Paradise is the sixth studio album by the British heavy metal band Tokyo Blade, released in 1995 on the German SPV GmbH sub-label Fresh Fruit.	Burning Down Paradise	SPV
record label	When Everyone Wore Hats is a Book set, from rock band Daniel Amos, released in 2001 on Stunt Records.	When Everyone Wore Hats	Stunt Records
record label	2000 B.C. (Before Can-I-Bus) is the second studio album by rapper Canibus, released on July 18, 2000 through Universal Records.	2000 B.C. (Before Can-I-Bus)	Universal Records
record label	It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back is the second studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy, released on June 28, 1988 by Def Jam Recordings.	It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Chaos of Forms is the third studio album by an American technical death metal band Revocation, released on August 16, 2011 by Relapse Records.	Chaos of Forms	Relapse Records
record label	``It's Only Make Believe'' is a song written by Jack Nance and American country music artist Conway Twitty, and produced by MGM Records' Jim Vienneau, released by Twitty as a single in July 1958.	It's Only Make Believe	MGM Records
record label	Silent Movies are 13 solo guitar compositions by Marc Ribot released September 28, 2010 on Pi Recordings.	Silent Movies	Pi Recordings
record label	Some Hearts Are Diamonds is the solo album by Chris Norman, released in 1986 by Hansa Records.	Some Hearts Are Diamonds	Hansa Records
record label	I Am Hollywood is the first full-length release on Solid State Records from the band He Is Legend.	I Am Hollywood	Solid State Records
record label	The Miracles Doin' Mickey's Monkey is a 1963 album by The Miracles for the Tamla (Motown) label.	The Miracles Doin' Mickey's Monkey	Motown
record label	Between the Times and the Tides is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock musician Lee Ranaldo, released on March 20, 2012 on Matador Records.	Between the Times and the Tides	Matador Records
record label	New Grass is a 1968 album by jazz saxophonist Albert Ayler released on Impulse! Records.	New Grass	Impulse! Records
record label	Indica has released A Way Away in various editions through Nuclear Blast.	A Way Away	Nuclear Blast
record label	Released in 1993 on Warner Bros. Records, the album was made to accompany a television series also entitled Wind in the Wire.	Wind in the Wire	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Analogue Bubblebath Vol 3 is the third EP by electronic musician Richard D. James, under the pseudonym of AFX, released 1 February 1993, on Rephlex Records.	Analogue Bubblebath Vol 3	Rephlex Records
record label	Dead City Radio is a musical album by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs, which was released by Island Records in 1990.	Dead City Radio	Island Records
record label	Don't Crush That Dwarf, Hand Me the Pliers is The Firesign Theatre's third comedy recording for Columbia Records, released in 1970.	Don't Crush That Dwarf, Hand Me the Pliers	Columbia Records
record label	Violence & Force is the second studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter, released through Megaforce Records in 1985.	Violence & Force	Megaforce Records
record label	Hangin' Tough is the second album by American boy band New Kids on the Block, released on September 6, 1988 by Columbia Records.	Hangin' Tough	Columbia Records
record label	This Is Regina! is the sixth studio album by singer-songwriter Regina Belle, and was released October 23, 2001 on Peak Records.	This Is Regina!	Peak Records
record label	Lookaftering is the second album by Vashti Bunyan, the follow-up to 1970's Just Another Diamond Day, released in 2005 on Fat Cat Records.	Lookaftering	Fat Cat Records
record label	Battle Born is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Killers, released on September 17, 2012 through Vertigo Records in the UK and the following day on Island Records in the US.	Battle Born	Vertigo Records	Island Records
record label	Ten Songs in the Key of Betrayal is the fourth and final album by alternative rock group Alien Crime Syndicate released in 2004 through The Control Group and EMI.	Ten Songs in the Key of Betrayal	The Control Group
record label	``Isn't She Pretty'' is a 1961 song recorded by The Temptations, and written by group members Eddie Kendricks and Otis Williams, as well as Motown's founder Berry Gordy.	Isn't She Pretty	Motown
record label	Oh My Gawd!!! (also known as Oh My Gawd!!!...The Flaming Lips) is The Flaming Lips' second album, released on Restless Records in 1987.	Oh My Gawd!!!	Restless Records
record label	Meet Joe Mac is Joey McIntyre's second studio album, released on May 15, 2001 by Atlantic Records.	Meet Joe Mac	Atlantic Records
record label	Diabolical Streak is the second studio album by American Neo-Cabaret artist Jill Tracy, released in 1999.	Diabolical Streak	Jill Tracy
record label	Down in Albion was released on 14 November 2005 on Rough Trade Records, although it was leaked on to the Internet on 19 October 2005.	Down in Albion	Rough Trade Records
record label	Calling All Hearts is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer Keyshia Cole, released on December 21, 2010 in the United States by Geffen Records.	Calling All Hearts	Geffen Records
record label	Time Travelling Blues is the second album by the stoner metal band Orange Goblin released in 1998 on Rise Above Records and The Music Cartel.	Time Travelling Blues	Rise Above Records
record label	Let It Enfold You is the debut album by American rock band Senses Fail after From the Depths of Dreams as well as their first release on Vagrant Records.	Let It Enfold You	Vagrant Records
record label	``Johnny Loves Me'' is a pop single by Shelley Fabares released in 1962 on Colpix Records.	Johnny Loves Me	Colpix Records
record label	The Dreams of Children is the fourth studio album by new-age group Shadowfax, the second for Windham Hill Records.	The Dreams of Children	Windham Hill Records
record label	One Vice at a Time is the sixth studio album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus, released in 1982 on Arista Records.	One Vice at a Time	Arista Records
record label	Still a massive success in Japan, Epic Records released Nukleopatra there in 1995.	Nukleopatra	Epic Records
record label	In 2010, Mojo ranked Queen II as the 60th greatest album ever released on the Elektra Records label.	Queen II	Elektra Records
record label	Bound by Ties of Blood and Affection is the sixth studio album by the Santa Cruz, California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance, released May 20, 2003 through Fat Wreck Chords.	Bound by Ties of Blood and Affection	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Electr-O-Pura is the seventh studio album by the American indie rock band Yo La Tengo, released on May 2, 1995 by Matador Records.	Electr-O-Pura	Matador Records
record label	Il n'y a plus rien (English: There Is No More) is an album by Léo Ferré, released in 1973 by Barclay Records.	Il n'y a plus rien	Barclay Records
record label	The Venezuelan Zinga Son, Vol. 1 is an album released by Venezuelan band Los Amigos Invisibles in 2002 (Long Lost Brother Records) and 2004 (Luaka Bop).	The Venezuelan Zinga Son, Vol. 1	Luaka Bop
record label	The Process of Elimination is Leng Tch'e's third full-length album and their first on Relapse Records.	The Process of Elimination	Relapse Records
record label	Hollywood Potato Chip is the tenth studio album by the Southern California punk rock band The Vandals, released in 2004 by Kung Fu Records.	Hollywood Potato Chip	Kung Fu Records
record label	The Budos Band is an instrumental band recording on the Daptone Records label.	The Budos Band	Daptone Records
record label	Budakhan Mindphone is a 1999 album by Squarepusher, released on Warp Records.	Budakhan Mindphone	Warp
record label	Three Views is a 3CD compilation album by trumpeter Dave Douglas which combines three volumes originally released as music downloads on Greenleaf Music's Portable Series in 2011 and features Douglas' Brass Ecstasy, a Quintet with Ravi Coltrane and Vijay Iyer, and the So Percussion Ensemble.	Three Views	Greenleaf Music
record label	Born in the U.K. was Gough's first album on his new record label EMI (his contract with his previous label XL Recordings collapsed in 2004) and is co-produced with Nick Franglen, one half of the acclaimed trip-hop/electronica outfit Lemon Jelly, another XL Recordings artist.	Born in the U.K.	EMI
record label	Third Album for the Sun is the second album by Dissolve, released on 4 August 1997 through Kranky Records.	Third Album for the Sun	Kranky Records
record label	Cables' Vision is a studio album by jazz pianist George Cables, released in 1980 on Contemporary Records.	Cables' Vision	Contemporary Records
record label	Sorry in Pig Minor is the ninth and final studio album by the Minneapolis-based noise rock band the Cows, released on March 10, 1998 by Amphetamine Reptile Records.	Sorry in Pig Minor	Amphetamine Reptile Records
record label	Die Miserable is the ninth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts which was released on October 11, 2011 through Relapse Records.	Die Miserable	Relapse Records
record label	Move Along is the second studio album by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released on July 12, 2005 by Interscope Records.	Move Along	Interscope Records
record label	Hold on Now, Youngster... is the debut album by Cardiff-based indie rock band Los Campesinos!, released in February 2008 on Wichita Recordings.	Hold on Now, Youngster...	Wichita Recordings
record label	Amabutho is the 1973 debut release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo, recorded for Gallo Record Company (the group are still with the label today).	Amabutho	Gallo Record Company
record label	The Only Place is the second studio album by American indie rock duo Best Coast, released on May 15, 2012 by Mexican Summer.	The Only Place	Mexican Summer
record label	Here's to the Mourning is the fifth studio album by the San Diego, California rock band Unwritten Law, released in 2005 by Lava Records.	Here's to the Mourning	Lava Records
record label	Oscar Peterson Plays Duke Ellington is an album by Canadian jazz pianist Oscar Peterson, of songs associated with Duke Ellington released in 1952 on Clef Records.	Oscar Peterson Plays Duke Ellington	Clef Records
record label	We Live Here is an album by the Pat Metheny Group, released in 1995 by Geffen Records.	We Live Here	Geffen Records
record label	England Keep My Bones is the fourth studio album by London-based singer-songwriter Frank Turner, released on 6 June 2011, on Xtra Mile in the United Kingdom, and on 7 June 2011, on Epitaph Records worldwide.	England Keep My Bones	Epitaph Records
record label	Deeper into Dream is the eighth studio album by Australian indie pop musician Ben Lee, released on 11 October 2011 through Lojinx in Europe and Dangerbird Records in the USA.	Deeper into Dream	Lojinx	Dangerbird Records
record label	Piep Piep (Beep Beep) is the fifth hit single released by Schnuffel, on 8 October 2009 by Sony BMG Germany (Sony BMG).	Piep Piep	Sony BMG
record label	Play Monk and Powell is an album by Paul Motian and the Electric Bebop Band released on the German Winter & Winter label in 1999 and featuring performances of tunes by Thelonious Monk and Bud Powell.	Play Monk and Powell	Winter & Winter
record label	55 Cadillac is the fourth studio album by American musician Andrew W.K., released on September 7, 2009 through Ecstatic Peace! on vinyl format and W.K.'s own record label, Skyscraper Music Maker.	55 Cadillac	Ecstatic Peace
record label	(Fresu 5th) - Sempler, The Blue Note 1995 Labels (EMI / Blue Note Records) 1997 - Paolo Fresu 5th & Erwin Vann - Wanderlust (RCA/Victor BMG) 2001 - Melos 2002 - Kind of Porgy & Bess (RCA Victor/BMG)	Paolo Fresu	Blue Note Records
record label	Memories of Us is an album by American country music artist George Jones, released in 1975 on the Epic Records label.	Memories of Us	Epic Records
record label	Cripple Crow is the fifth album by psych folk acoustic rocker Devendra Banhart released on September 13, 2005 on XL Recordings.	Cripple Crow	XL Recordings
record label	Memoirs of a Curb Server is the seventh studio album by American rapper J. Stalin, released on July 10, 2012 via Town Thizzness & INgrooves.	Memoirs of a Curb Server	INgrooves
record label	Nice Ass was the first proper full-length album by the band Free Kitten, released in 1995 on Kill Rock Stars.	Nice Ass	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Raw Like Sushi is the debut album of singer Neneh Cherry, released 2 May 1989 on Virgin Records.	Raw Like Sushi	Virgin Records
record label	O Retorno de Saturno (English: The Return of Saturn) is the fourth album by Detonautas, released in 2008 by Sony BMG.	O Retorno de Saturno	Sony BMG
record label	Tally Hall was later signed with Atlantic Records and was approved to go back and touch-up Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum at Stratosphere Sound Recording Studios in NYC.	Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum	Atlantic Records
record label	Be Your Own Best Friend was Ray Stevens' sixteenth studio album as well as his fourth and final for Warner Bros. Records, released in 1978.	Be Your Own Best Friend	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Ideas Above Our Station is the first studio album by the English alternative rock band, Hundred Reasons, released on May 20, 2002, on Columbia Records.	Ideas Above Our Station	Columbia Records
record label	Addicted to Bad Ideas is the fifth album by The World/Inferno Friendship Society, and their second for Chunksaah Records.	Addicted to Bad Ideas	Chunksaah Records
record label	Wrapped Up Good is the second studio album by Australian country band The McClymonts released in Australia on 26 January 2010 by Universal Records.	Wrapped Up Good	Universal Records
record label	What Grabs Ya? is the second studio album by Belgian rock band Triggerfinger, released on 25 February 2008 through Excelsior Recordings.	What Grabs Ya?	Excelsior Recordings
record label	A Shout Toward Noon is Kottke's first recording on the Private Music label after a three-year sabbatical, largely due to a difficult tendinitis injury in his hand.	A Shout Toward Noon	Private Music
record label	Here Comes Science is the fourth children's album from Brooklyn-based band They Might Be Giants, packaged as a CD/DVD set.	Here Comes Science	They Might Be Giants
record label	Villa Elaine was Remy Zero's second studio album, released in 1998 and produced for Geffen Records.	Villa Elaine	Geffen Records
record label	Wreck Your Life was the band's first professionally released album, released by Chicago alt-country label, Bloodshot Records.	Wreck Your Life	Bloodshot Records
record label	Dan Sartain vs. the Serpientes is the third album by the Birmingham, Alabama rock musician Dan Sartain, released in 2003 by Swami Records.	Dan Sartain vs. the Serpientes	Swami Records
record label	In 2007, Yep Roc Records remastered Groovy Decay and made it available exclusively as a digital download on its website.	Groovy Decay	Yep Roc Records
record label	Everything She Touched Turned Ampexian is the fifth full-length album by Prefuse 73, released on April 14, 2009 on Warp Records.	Everything She Touched Turned Ampexian	Warp
record label	Cure for Sanity is the third album by UK-based grebo band Pop Will Eat Itself (and their second on the RCA Records label).	Cure for Sanity	RCA Records
record label	3 Words is the debut studio album by the English recording artist Cheryl Cole, released on 23 October 2009 by Fascination Records.	3 Words	Fascination Records
record label	Katy Lied is the fourth album by Steely Dan, originally released in 1975 by ABC Records.	Katy Lied	ABC Records
record label	Arctic Moon became synonymous with labels such as Armada Music and Aly & Fila's world famous ``Future Sound of Egypt Recordings'' internet radio show.	Arctic Moon	Armada Music
screenwriter	McCabe & Mrs. Miller is a 1971 American Revisionist Western film starring Warren Beatty and Julie Christie, and directed by Robert Altman.	McCabe & Mrs. Miller	Robert Altman
screenwriter	Murder Without Crime is a 1950 British crime film directed by J. Lee Thompson (his first film) and starring Dennis Price, Derek Farr and Patricia Plunkett.	Murder Without Crime	J. Lee Thompson
screenwriter	The Law Is the Law (French: La loi, c'est la loi, Italian: La legge è legge) is a 1958 French-Italian comedy film directed by Christian-Jaque.	The Law Is the Law	Christian-Jaque
screenwriter	The Mountain Calls (German: Der Berg ruft) is a film directed by Luis Trenker which recreates the struggle between Edward Whymper and Jean-Antoine Carrel for the first successful ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865.	The Mountain Calls	Luis Trenker
screenwriter	Le Péril jeune (French pronunciation: ​(ləpeʁil ʒœn)) or The Good Old Daze is a 1994 French coming of age comedy-drama directed by Cédric Klapisch.	Le Péril jeune	Cédric Klapisch
screenwriter	La Roue (pronounced: (la ʁu), ``The Wheel'') is a French silent film, directed by Abel Gance, who also directed Napoléon and J'accuse!.	La Roue	Abel Gance
screenwriter	The White Storm, formerly known as The Cartel War (Chinese: 掃毒) is a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese crime thriller film directed by Benny Chan and starring Sean Lau, Louis Koo, and Nick Cheung.	The White Storm	Benny Chan
screenwriter	Django, Prepare a Coffin (Italian: Preparati la bara!, lit. ``Prepare a Coffin!''), alternatively titled Viva Django, is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Ferdinando Baldi.	Django, Prepare a Coffin	Ferdinando Baldi
screenwriter	Belle ma povere (internationally released as Pretty But Poor) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.	Pretty But Poor	Dino Risi
screenwriter	Waldo Salt and Norman Wexler wrote the screenplay, adapting Peter Maas's biography of NYPD officer Frank Serpico, who went undercover to expose corruption in the police force.	Serpico	Waldo Salt	Norman Wexler
screenwriter	Big Momma's House is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Raja Gosnell, written by Darryl Quarles and Don Rhymer, and starring Martin Lawrence as FBI agent Malcolm Turner.	Big Momma's House	Don Rhymer
screenwriter	Harmony Lessons (Kazakh: Асланның сабақтары, Russian: Уроки гармонии) is a 2013 Kazakh-German drama film directed by Emir Baigazin.	Harmony Lessons	Emir Baigazin
screenwriter	The Past Is a Foreign Land (Italian: Il passato è una terra straniera) is a 2008 Italian neo-noir film directed by Daniele Vicari.	The Past Is a Foreign Land	Daniele Vicari
screenwriter	Dallas 362 is a 2003 film, starring and directed by Scott Caan.	Dallas 362	Scott Caan
screenwriter	Les Bidasses en folie is a French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi released in 1971.	Les Bidasses en folie	Claude Zidi
screenwriter	Holy Smoke! is a 1999 Australian drama film directed by Jane Campion, who co-wrote the screenplay with her sister Anna.	Holy Smoke!	Jane Campion
screenwriter	Die Scheinheiligen is a German low-budget comedy film, written and directed by Thomas Kronthaler and based on a true incident in his hometown of Irschenberg.	Die Scheinheiligen	Thomas Kronthaler
screenwriter	The Bucket List is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Rob Reiner, produced by Reiner, Alan Greisman, Craig Zadan and Neil Meron, written by Justin Zackham, and starring Jack Nicholson and Morgan Freeman.	The Bucket List	Justin Zackham
screenwriter	Day Night Day Night is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Julia Loktev, starring Luisa Williams.	Day Night Day Night	Julia Loktev
screenwriter	Paolo Barca, Schoolteacher and Weekend Nudist (Italian: Paolo Barca, maestro elementare, praticamente nudista) is a 1975 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini.	Paolo Barca, Schoolteacher and Weekend Nudist	Flavio Mogherini
screenwriter	Young Winston is a 1972 British film based on the early years of British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.	Young Winston	Winston Churchill
screenwriter	Sexual Chronicles of a French Family (French: Chroniques sexuelles d'une famille d'aujourd'hui; lit: Sexual Chronicles of a Modern Family) is a 2012 French comedy-drama film produced and directed by Pascal Arnold and Jean-Marc Barr.	Sexual Chronicles of a French Family	Pascal Arnold
screenwriter	Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (English: The Big-Hearted Will Take Away the Bride), also known by the initialism DDLJ, is an Indian romance film written and directed by Aditya Chopra and produced by Yash Chopra.	Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge	Aditya Chopra
screenwriter	Piccolo mondo antico (literally: Little Ancient World), also known as Old-Fashioned World , is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Mario Soldati and based on the 1895 novel The Little World of the Past by Antonio Fogazzaro.	Piccolo mondo antico	Mario Soldati
screenwriter	The Gang That Sold America (Italian: Squadra antigangsters) is a 1979 Italian ``poliziottesco''-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci.	The Gang That Sold America	Bruno Corbucci
screenwriter	Riding Giants is a 2004 documentary film directed and narrated by Stacy Peralta, a famous skater/surfer.	Riding Giants	Stacy Peralta
screenwriter	Night of the Ghouls is a 1958 horror film (released in 1959) written and directed by Ed Wood, and a sequel of sorts to the 1955 film Bride of the Monster.	Night of the Ghouls	Ed Wood
screenwriter	Quiero ser (I want to be ...) is a 2000 short drama film directed by Florian Gallenberger.	Quiero ser (I want to be ...)	Florian Gallenberger
screenwriter	Grumpier Old Men was directed by Howard Deutch, with the screenplay written by Mark Steven Johnson and the original music score composed by Alan Silvestri.	Grumpier Old Men	Mark Steven Johnson
screenwriter	Five Graves to Cairo is a 1943 World War II film by Billy Wilder, starring Franchot Tone and Anne Baxter.	Five Graves to Cairo	Billy Wilder
screenwriter	Jonah Who Will Be 25 in the Year 2000 (French: Jonas qui aura 25 ans en l'an 2000) is a 1976 Swiss film directed by Alain Tanner and written by Tanner and John Berger.	Jonah Who Will Be 25 in the Year 2000	John Berger
screenwriter	Carlo Giuliani, Boy (Italian: Carlo Giuliani, ragazzo) is a 2002 Italian documentary film directed by Francesca Comencini.	Carlo Giuliani, Boy	Francesca Comencini
screenwriter	Payment on Demand is a 1951 drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt that stars Bette Davis.	Payment on Demand	Curtis Bernhardt
screenwriter	The Little Napoleon (German: Der kleine Napoleon) is a 1923 German silent historical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Egon von Hagen, Paul Heidemann and Harry Liedtke.	The Little Napoleon	Georg Jacoby
screenwriter	The Longest Summer (Simplified Chinese: 去年烟花特别多, Traditional Chinese: 去年煙花特別多; lit: ``The Flurry of Fireworks last year'') is Hong Kong independent director Fruit Chan's second feature in the ``1997 trilogy'', first released in 1998.	The Longest Summer	Fruit Chan
screenwriter	The Left-Hand Side of the Fridge (French: La Moitié gauche du frigo) was the first full-length feature film by Canadian film director Philippe Falardeau, released in 2000.	The Left-Hand Side of the Fridge	Philippe Falardeau
screenwriter	The Sino-Japanese War at Sea 1894 is a 2012 Chinese historical war film directed and written by Feng Xiaoning, starring Lu Yi, Xia Yu and others.	The Sino-Japanese War at Sea 1894	Feng Xiaoning
screenwriter	The January Man is a 1989 comedy/thriller film, directed by Pat O'Connor from a screenplay by John Patrick Shanley.	The January Man	John Patrick Shanley
screenwriter	Good Dick is a 2008 film directed by Marianna Palka.	Good Dick	Marianna Palka
screenwriter	The Skin I Live In (Spanish: La piel que habito) is a 2011 Spanish psychological thriller film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar, starring Antonio Banderas, Elena Anaya, Marisa Paredes, Jan Cornet, and Roberto Álamo.	The Skin I Live In	Pedro Almodóvar
screenwriter	So Can I (Persian: منم میتونم, Manam mitunam‎) is a 1975 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.	So Can I	Abbas Kiarostami
screenwriter	It's Always Fair Weather is a 1955 MGM musical satire scripted by Betty Comden and Adolph Green, who also wrote the show's lyrics, with music by André Previn and starring Gene Kelly, Dan Dailey, Cyd Charisse, Dolores Gray, and dancer/choreographer Michael Kidd in his first film acting role.	It's Always Fair Weather	Betty Comden
screenwriter	Mankatha is a 2011 Indian Tamil black comedy-action film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu.	Mankatha	Venkat Prabhu
screenwriter	Her Favourite Husband (also known by the alternative titles The Taming of Dorothy and Quel bandito sono io) is a 1950 British-Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Jean Kent, Robert Beatty and Margaret Rutherford.	Her Favourite Husband	Mario Soldati
screenwriter	A Screaming Man (French: Un homme qui crie) is a 2010 French-Chadian drama film by Mahamat Saleh Haroun, starring Youssouf Djaoro and Diouc Koma.	A Screaming Man	Mahamat Saleh Haroun
screenwriter	Tarzan and His Mate is a 1934 American Pre-Code action adventure film based on characters created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.	Tarzan and His Mate	Edgar Rice Burroughs
screenwriter	Burnt Money (Spanish: ''Plata quemada'') is a 2001 Argentine action thriller directed by Marcelo Piñeyro and written by Piñeyro and Marcelo Figueras.	Burnt Money	Marcelo Figueras
screenwriter	La liceale seduce i professori (literally The high school girl seduces the teachers, internationally released as How to Seduce Your Teacher) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti.	How to Seduce Your Teacher	Mariano Laurenti
screenwriter	Toto and the King of Rome (Italian: Totò e i re di Roma) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno.	Toto and the King of Rome	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Fish and Elephant (Chinese: 今年夏天; pinyin: Jīn nián xià tiān; literally: ``This summer'') is documentary filmmaker and former TV hostess Li Yu's feature film directorial debut.	Fish and Elephant	Li Yu
screenwriter	Exit: una storia personale (Exit: a personal history), is a 2010 Italian indie drama film written and directed by Massimiliano Amato and starring Luca Guastini, Nicola Garofalo, Marcella Braga, Paolo Di Gialluca and Antonio Calamonici.	Exit: una storia personale	Massimiliano Amato
screenwriter	The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox is a 1976 Western romantic comedy film starring Goldie Hawn and George Segal, produced, directed and co-written by Melvin Frank.	The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox	Melvin Frank
screenwriter	The Doctor's Horrible Experiment (French: Le Testament du docteur Cordelier) is a 1959 French black-and-white television film directed by Jean Renoir.	The Doctor's Horrible Experiment	Jean Renoir
screenwriter	The Games of Countess Dolingen (French: Les Jeux de la comtesse Dolingen de Gratz) is a 1981 French fantasy-drama film written and directed by Catherine Binet and starring Carol Kane.	The Games of Countess Dolingen	Catherine Binet
screenwriter	The Girls and Daddy is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith with Griffith appearing in a small blackface role.	The Girls and Daddy	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	Flowers of Reverie (Hungarian: Szirmok, virágok, koszorúk) is a 1984 Hungarian drama film directed by László Lugossy.	Flowers of Reverie	László Lugossy
screenwriter	Deadbeat at Dawn is a low-budget film written and directed by Jim Van Bebber and starring Paul Harper, Megan Murphy, and Marc Pitman.	Deadbeat at Dawn	Jim Van Bebber
screenwriter	Concrete Night (Finnish: Betoniyö) is a 2013 drama film directed by Finnish filmmaker Pirjo Honkasalo.	Concrete Night	Pirjo Honkasalo
screenwriter	Kalos ilthe to dollario (Greek: Greek: Καλώς ήλθε το δολλάριο, Welcome the Dollar) is a 1967 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios.	Kalos ilthe to dollario	Alekos Sakellarios
screenwriter	Tarzan and the Leopard Woman was a 1946 action film based on the Tarzan character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs and portrayed by Johnny Weissmuller.	Tarzan and the Leopard Woman	Edgar Rice Burroughs
screenwriter	Living in Oblivion is a 1995 low-budget independent comedy-drama film, written and directed by Tom DiCillo and is also Peter Dinklage's debut role.	Living in Oblivion	Tom DiCillo
screenwriter	The Big Tease is a 1999 comedy film starring Craig Ferguson, directed by Kevin Allen, and written by Ferguson and Sacha Gervasi.	The Big Tease	Craig Ferguson
screenwriter	The Time to Live and the Time to Die (also known as A Time to Live, A Time to Die; Chinese: 童年往事; pinyin: Tóngnián wǎngshì, lit. ``Incidents from a Childhood Past'') is a 1985 film directed by Hou Hsiao-Hsien.	The Time to Live and the Time to Die	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
screenwriter	Clandestine Childhood (Spanish: Infancia clandestina) is a 2011 Argentine historical drama film directed by Benjamín Ávila and starring Natalia Oreiro, Ernesto Alterio and César Troncoso.	Clandestine Childhood	Benjamín Ávila
screenwriter	Uthiripookkal (English: Scattered flowers) is a 1979 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by J. Mahendran.	Uthiripookkal	J. Mahendran
screenwriter	Saint John, the Beheaded (Italian:San Giovanni decollato) is a 1940 Italian comedy film directed by Amleto Palermi and Giorgio Bianchi and starring Totò, Titina De Filippo and Silvana Jachino.	Saint John, the Beheaded	Amleto Palermi
screenwriter	8½ (Italian title: Otto e mezzo (ˈɔtto e ˈmɛddzo)) is a 1963 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Federico Fellini.	8½	Federico Fellini
screenwriter	Death Rite (French: ''Les Magiciens'') is a 1976 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol.	Death Rite	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	La banda Casaroli is a 1962 Italian crime-drama film directed by Florestano Vancini.	La banda Casaroli	Florestano Vancini
screenwriter	I Met Him in Paris is a 1937 film made by Paramount Pictures, directed by Wesley Ruggles, written by Claude Binyon, and starring Claudette Colbert, Melvyn Douglas, and Robert Young.	I Met Him in Paris	Claude Binyon
screenwriter	Männin is a 2015 French-German philosophical drama film (short film) written and directed by Mika'ela Fisher.	Männin	Mika'ela Fisher
screenwriter	The Perfect Furlough is a 1958 romantic service comedy directed by Blake Edwards and written by Stanley Shapiro.	The Perfect Furlough	Stanley Shapiro
screenwriter	The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American epic crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo, starring Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.	The Godfather Part II	Francis Ford Coppola	Mario Puzo
screenwriter	Hail the Judge (Chinese: 九品芝麻官) is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing, starring Stephen Chow, Cheung Man, and Ng Man Tat.	Hail the Judge	Wong Jing
screenwriter	The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers (Russian: Новые приключения Неуловимых, translit. Novye prikluchenya Neulovimykh) is a 1968 Soviet action movie, a sequel of The Elusive Avengers, directed by Edmond Keosayan and made on Mosfilm.	The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers	Edmond Keosayan
screenwriter	Boxing Helena won Worst Director for Jennifer Lynch at the 14th Golden Raspberry Awards in 1994.	Boxing Helena	Jennifer Lynch
screenwriter	Arsène Lupin Returns is a 1938 American mystery film directed by George Fitzmaurice and written by James Kevin McGuinness, Howard Emmett Rogers and George Harmon Coxe.	Arsène Lupin Returns	James Kevin McGuinness	Howard Emmett Rogers	George Harmon Coxe
screenwriter	Aagathan (Malayalam : ആഗതന്‍) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Kamal starring Dileep, Sathyaraj, Charmee Kaur and Lal.	Aagathan	Kamal
screenwriter	The Monk and the Fish (French: Le Moine et le poisson) is a 1994 animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit at the studio Folimage.	The Monk and the Fish	Michaël Dudok de Wit
screenwriter	Lemmy pour les dames is a 1962 French eurospy film directed by Bernard Borderie.	Lemmy pour les dames	Bernard Borderie
screenwriter	Hercules, Samson and Ulysses, (Italian: Ercole sfida Sansone) is a 1964 Italian peplum film directed by Pietro Francisci.	Hercules, Samson and Ulysses	Pietro Francisci
screenwriter	Le Divorce is a 2003 Merchant Ivory Productions film directed by James Ivory from a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and Ivory, based on Diane Johnson's best-selling novel of the same name.	Le Divorce	James Ivory	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
screenwriter	Mozart's Sister (French title: Nannerl, la sœur de Mozart) is a 2010 French drama film written and directed by René Féret and starring two of his daughters.	Mozart's Sister	René Féret
screenwriter	Die, Mommie, Die! is a 2003 American satirical comedy film written by Charles Busch, who also plays the lead role.	Die, Mommie, Die!	Charles Busch
screenwriter	A Soldier's Story is a 1984 American drama film directed by Norman Jewison, based upon Charles Fuller's Pulitzer Prize-winning Off Broadway production A Soldier's Play.	A Soldier's Story	Charles Fuller
screenwriter	The Clearstream Affair (French title: L'Enquête) is a 2014 thriller film directed by Vincent Garenq, based on the Clearstream scandal in 2001.	The Clearstream Affair	Vincent Garenq
screenwriter	Identity Thief is a 2013 American crime comedy film directed by Seth Gordon, written by Craig Mazin, and starring Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy.	Identity Thief	Craig Mazin
screenwriter	The Exorcism of Emily Rose is a 2005 American courtroom drama horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and starring Laura Linney and Tom Wilkinson.	The Exorcism of Emily Rose	Scott Derrickson
screenwriter	A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas is a 2011 3D stoner comedy Christmas film directed by Todd Strauss-Schulson, written by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg, and starring John Cho, Kal Penn, and Neil Patrick Harris.	A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas	Jon Hurwitz	Hayden Schlossberg
screenwriter	The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy film, co-produced and directed by Todd Phillips and written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore.	The Hangover	Jon Lucas	Scott Moore
screenwriter	Only God Forgives is a 2013 Danish-French psychological thriller film written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn, starring Ryan Gosling, Kristin Scott Thomas, and Vithaya Pansringarm.	Only God Forgives	Nicolas Winding Refn
screenwriter	``Demon with a Glass Hand'' is an episode of The Outer Limits television series, the second to be based on a script by Harlan Ellison, which Ellison wrote specifically with actor Robert Culp in mind for the lead role.	Demon with a Glass Hand	Harlan Ellison
screenwriter	Fellini Satyricon, or simply Satyricon, is a 1969 Italian fantasy drama film written and directed by Federico Fellini and loosely based on Petronius's work Satyricon, written during the reign of the emperor Nero and set in imperial Rome.	Fellini Satyricon	Federico Fellini	Petronius
screenwriter	A Man and His Dog (Un Homme et Son Chien) is a 2008 French film directed by French director Francis Huster, starring Jean-Paul Belmondo, based on the 1952 film Umberto D. directed by Vittorio De Sica, and written by Cesare Zavattini.	A Man and His Dog	Francis Huster
screenwriter	The New Barbarians (Italian: I nuovi barbari) is a 1983 Italian post-apocalyptic action film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.	The New Barbarians	Enzo G. Castellari
screenwriter	Stowaway in the Sky (French: Le Voyage en ballon) is a 1960 French family adventure film, directed by Albert Lamorisse.	Stowaway in the Sky	Albert Lamorisse
screenwriter	Farewell, My Queen was directed by Benoît Jacquot and based on a script by him, Chantal Thomas, and Gilles Taurand.	Farewell, My Queen	Gilles Taurand
screenwriter	To Die For is a 1995 American crime comedy-drama film, made in a mockumentary format, directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry, based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard, which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart.	To Die For	Buck Henry	Joyce Maynard
screenwriter	Il male oscuro (internationally released as Dark Illness and The Obscure Illness) is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Mario Monicelli.	Dark Illness	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Back in Crime (French: L'Autre Vie de Richard Kemp) is a 2013 French crime film directed by Germinal Alvarez.	Back in Crime	Germinal Alvarez
screenwriter	Searching for Bobby Fischer, released in the United Kingdom as Innocent Moves, is a 1993 American drama film written and directed by Steven Zaillian.	Searching for Bobby Fischer	Steven Zaillian
screenwriter	Putham Pudhu Payanam (English:Brand New Journey) is a 1991 Tamil language drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar.	Putham Pudhu Payanam	K. S. Ravikumar
screenwriter	Subconscious Password is a 2013 3-D animated film by Chris Landreth offering an imaginary, comedic look at the inner workings of Landreth's mind, as he tries to remember someone's name at a party.	Subconscious Password	Chris Landreth
screenwriter	Motherland Hotel (Turkish: Anayurt Oteli) is a 1986 Turkish film directed by Ömer Kavur.	Motherland Hotel	Ömer Kavur
screenwriter	Lisa and the Devil (Italian: Lisa e il diavolo) is a 1973 Italian horror film directed by Mario Bava.	Lisa and the Devil	Mario Bava
screenwriter	The Bird with the Crystal Plumage (Italian: L'uccello dalle piume di cristallo) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Dario Argento, in his directorial debut.	The Bird with the Crystal Plumage	Dario Argento
screenwriter	In the Country Fell a Star (Italian:In campagna è caduta una stella) is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Eduardo De Filippo.	In the Country Fell a Star	Eduardo De Filippo
screenwriter	Guai ai vinti (Woe to the Vanquished Ones) is a 1954 Italian melodrama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo.	Guai ai vinti	Raffaello Matarazzo
screenwriter	Il tenente dei carabinieri (The lieutenant of Carabinieri) is a 1986 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Maurizio Ponzi.	Il tenente dei carabinieri	Maurizio Ponzi
screenwriter	The Amazing Mr. Blunden is a 1972 family mystery and ghost film directed by Lionel Jeffries, based on the novel The Ghosts by Antonia Barber.	The Amazing Mr. Blunden	Lionel Jeffries
screenwriter	The Intouchables (French: Intouchables (ɛ̃tuʃabl), UK: Untouchable) is a 2011 French comedy-drama film directed by Olivier Nakache & Éric Toledano.	The Intouchables	Olivier Nakache	Éric Toledano
screenwriter	The Girl in the Café is a British made-for-television drama film directed by David Yates, written by Richard Curtis and produced by Hilary Bevan Jones.	The Girl in the Café	Richard Curtis
screenwriter	In una notte di chiaro di luna (internationally released as Crystal or Ash, Fire or Wind, as Long as It's Love, also known as On a Moonlit Night and As Long as It's Love) is a 1989 Italian drama film directed by Lina Wertmüller.	Crystal or Ash, Fire or Wind, as Long as It's Love	Lina Wertmüller
screenwriter	If the Sun Never Returns (French: Si le soleil ne revenait pas) is a Franco-Swiss film directed by Claude Goretta, with a script written by the director, from the original novel by Charles Ferdinand Ramuz and stars Charles Vanel, Catherine Mouchet and Philippe Léotard.	If the Sun Never Returns	Claude Goretta
screenwriter	Willy the Sparrow (Hungarian: Vili, a veréb) is a 1989 Hungarian animated film directed by József Gémes.	Willy the Sparrow	József Gémes
screenwriter	Face/Off was a spec script which writers Mike Werb and Michael Colleary tried to sell to a studio from as early as 1990.	Face/Off	Mike Werb	Michael Colleary
screenwriter	Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask) is a 1972 comedy film directed by Woody Allen.	Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)	Woody Allen
screenwriter	Man at Bath (French: Homme au bain) is a 2010 French film by Christophe Honoré starring François Sagat and Chiara Mastroianni.	Man at Bath	Christophe Honoré
screenwriter	Romanzo popolare (internationally released as Come Home and Meet My Wife) is a 1973 Italian comedy drama film directed by Mario Monicelli.	Come Home and Meet My Wife	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Saravana is a 2006 Tamil action drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar.	Saravana	K. S. Ravikumar
screenwriter	The Law of the Border (Turkish: Hudutların Kanunu) is a 1966 Turkish drama film, written by Yılmaz Güney and directed by Ömer Lütfi Akad.	The Law of the Border	Yılmaz Güney
screenwriter	The Color of Lies is a 1999 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol.	The Color of Lies	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	Snake Fang (Persian: Dandan-e-mar‎) is a 1990 Iranian war film directed by Masoud Kimiai.	Snake Fang	Masoud Kimiai
screenwriter	Ham and Eggs is an animated cartoon produced by Walter Lantz, and as part of the Oswald the Lucky Rabbit series.	Ham and Eggs	Walter Lantz
screenwriter	Pathram (English: The Newspaper) is a 1999 Malayalam political thriller film written by Renji Panicker and directed by Joshi, starring Suresh Gopi, Murali, Manju Warrier, N. F. Varghese, Biju Menon, T. P. Madhavan and Spadikam George.	Pathram	Renji Panicker
screenwriter	Distant Voices, Still Lives is a 1988 British film directed and written by Terence Davies.	Distant Voices, Still Lives	Terence Davies
screenwriter	Blind Woman's Curse (Japanese: 怪談昇り竜) is a 1970 Japanese action film directed by Teruo Ishii.	Blind Woman's Curse	Teruo Ishii
screenwriter	See How They Dance (French: Voyez comme ils dansent) is a 2011 French drama film directed by Claude Miller.	See How They Dance	Claude Miller
screenwriter	Vulcan, Son of Giove (Vulcano, figlio di Giove) is a 1962 Italian fantasy-adventure film directed and co-written by Emimmo Salvi in his directorial debut.	Vulcan, Son of Giove	Emimmo Salvi
screenwriter	Formula for a Murder (Italian: 7, Hyden Park - La casa maledetta) is a 1985 Italian giallo-horror film written and directed by Alberto De Martino (here credited as Martin Herbert).	Formula for a Murder	Alberto De Martino
screenwriter	Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man was based off a screenplay by Fernando Di Leo originally titled Poliziotti si nasce poliziotti si muore (Born a Cop, Die a Cop).	Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man	Fernando Di Leo
screenwriter	The Clemenceau Case is a 1915 American silent drama film written and directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Theda Bara.	The Clemenceau Case	Herbert Brenon
screenwriter	Separado! is a 2010 British documentary film directed by Dylan Goch and focuses on Gruff Rhys going to South America in search of a distant relative René Griffiths.	Separado!	Gruff Rhys
screenwriter	Battle of Warsaw 1920 (pol. Bitwa warszawska 1920) is a Polish historical film directed by Jerzy Hoffman depicting the events of the Battle of Warsaw (1920) of the Polish--	Battle of Warsaw 1920	Jerzy Hoffman
screenwriter	The Children Are Watching Us (Italian: I bambini ci guardano) is a 1944 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica.	The Children Are Watching Us	Vittorio De Sica
screenwriter	Season for Assassins (Italian: Il tempo degli assassini, also known as The Time of the Assassin and Mad Men) is a 1975 Italian poliziottesco-drama film written and directed by Marcello Andrei.	Season for Assassins	Marcello Andrei
screenwriter	The White Ribbon is a 2009 black-and-white German-language drama film written and directed by Michael Haneke.	The White Ribbon	Michael Haneke
screenwriter	Diary of a Country Priest (French: Journal d'un curé de campagne) is a 1951 French film written and directed by Robert Bresson, and starring Claude Laydu.	Diary of a Country Priest	Robert Bresson
screenwriter	I giorni contati (internationally released as His Days Are Numbered, The Days are Numbered and Numbered Days) is a 1962 Italian drama film directed by Elio Petri.	His Days Are Numbered	Elio Petri
screenwriter	Mad Dog Morgan is a 1976 Australian bushranger film directed by Philippe Mora and starring Dennis Hopper, Jack Thompson and David Gulpilil.	Mad Dog Morgan	Philippe Mora
screenwriter	La seconda volta non si scorda mai (``The second time is never forgotten'') is a 2008 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Ranieri Martinotti and starring Alessandro Siani and Elisabetta Canalis.	La seconda volta non si scorda mai	Francesco Ranieri Martinotti	Alessandro Siani
screenwriter	The Terminator is a 1984 American science fiction action film directed by James Cameron, written by Cameron and the film's producer Gale Anne Hurd, and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton.	The Terminator	James Cameron	Gale Anne Hurd
screenwriter	37 1/2, sometimes written 37 og et halvt is a 2005 Norwegian comedy-drama film directed by Vibeke Idsøe, starring Helén Vikstvedt.	37 1/2	Vibeke Idsøe
screenwriter	Bye Bye Monkey (Italian: Ciao maschio, French: Rêve de singe) is a 1978 Italian-French film, directed by Marco Ferreri and starring Gérard Depardieu, Marcello Mastroianni, James Coco and Geraldine Fitzgerald.	Bye Bye Monkey	Marco Ferreri
screenwriter	Uno contro l'altro, praticamente amici (Against one another, virtually friends) is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci.	Uno contro l'altro, praticamente amici	Bruno Corbucci
screenwriter	Lord of Illusions is a 1995 American horror film written and directed by Clive Barker, based on his earlier short story, The Last Illusion (from Books of Blood Vol. 6).	Lord of Illusions	Clive Barker
screenwriter	Your Friends & Neighbors is a 1998 black comedy film written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Amy Brenneman, Aaron Eckhart, Catherine Keener, Nastassja Kinski, Jason Patric, and Ben Stiller in an ensemble cast.	Your Friends & Neighbors	Neil LaBute
screenwriter	Nina Frisk is a Swedish comedy film from 2007, written and directed by Maria Blom.	Nina Frisk	Maria Blom
screenwriter	Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom (Italian: Salò o le 120 giornate di Sodoma), commonly referred to as simply Salò (Italian: (saˈlɔ)), is a 1975 Italian-French art film written and directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini, with uncredited writing contributions by Pupi Avati.	Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom	Pier Paolo Pasolini	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	Una bella governante di colore is a 1976 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Luigi Russo and starring Renzo Montagnani with Pasolini muse Ines Pellegrini.	Una bella governante di colore	Luigi Russo
screenwriter	The Last Minute is a 2001 British urban gothic film, written and directed by Stephen Norrington.	The Last Minute	Stephen Norrington
screenwriter	Don't Play with Tigers (Italian: Ricchi, ricchissimi... praticamente in mutande) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino.	Don't Play with Tigers	Sergio Martino
screenwriter	The Olsen Gang Long Gone (Danish: Olsen-banden over alle bjerge) is a 1981 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.	The Olsen Gang Long Gone	Erik Balling
screenwriter	Under Ten Flags (Italian: Sotto dieci bandiere) is a 1960 Italian-American war film directed by Duilio Coletti.	Under Ten Flags	Duilio Coletti
screenwriter	Alle tijd (US Title: Time to Spare) is a Dutch film directed by Job Gosschalk and starring Paul de Leeuw and Karina Smulders.	Alle tijd	Job Gosschalk
screenwriter	Based on the novel The 25th Hour by David Benioff, who also wrote the screenplay, it tells the story of a man's last 24 hours of freedom as he prepares to go to prison for seven years for dealing drugs.	25th Hour	David Benioff
screenwriter	The film was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the plays The Moon of the Caribbees, In the Zone, Bound East for Cardiff, and The Long Voyage Home by Eugene O'Neill.	The Long Voyage Home	Dudley Nichols	Eugene O'Neill
screenwriter	Maria Marten, or the Mystery of the Red Barn is a 1913 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey.	Maria Marten, or the Mystery of the Red Barn	Maurice Elvey
screenwriter	Periya Kudumbam (English: Big Family) is a 1995 Tamil drama film, directed by K. S. Ravikumar, starring Prabhu, Kanaka, Vineetha, Manorama, Vijayakumar, Lakshmi, Chandrasekhar, Chithra, Goundamani, Senthil.	Periya Kudumbam	K. S. Ravikumar
screenwriter	Tokyo-Ga is a 1985 documentary film (shot in spring 1983) directed by Wim Wenders ostensibly about filmmaker Yasujiro Ozu.	Tokyo-Ga	Wim Wenders
screenwriter	Camille Claudel 1915 is a 2013 French biopic written and directed by Bruno Dumont.	Camille Claudel 1915	Bruno Dumont
screenwriter	In the Name of the Sovereign People (Italian: In nome del popolo sovrano) is a 1990 Italian historical comedy-drama film written and directed by Luigi Magni.	In the Name of the Sovereign People	Luigi Magni
screenwriter	Cela s'appelle l'aurore (English: This is Called Dawn) is a 1956 Franco-Italian film, directed by Luis Buñuel.	Cela s'appelle l'aurore	Luis Buñuel
screenwriter	Jakob the Liar is a 1999 American drama film directed by Peter Kassovitz and starring Robin Williams, Alan Arkin, Liev Schreiber, Hannah Taylor-Gordon, and Bob Balaban.	Jakob the Liar	Peter Kassovitz
screenwriter	Natale a Rio (Christmas in Rio) is a 2008 Italian cinepanettone directed by Neri Parenti with Christian De Sica.	Natale a Rio	Neri Parenti
screenwriter	Colombiana is a 2011 French action film, co-written and produced by Luc Besson and directed by Olivier Megaton.	Colombiana	Luc Besson
screenwriter	Sex Traffic is a British-Canadian drama two-part series directed by David Yates, written by Abi Morgan, and produced by Veronica Castillo and Derek Wax.	Sex Traffic	Abi Morgan
screenwriter	Demons of War (Polish: Demony wojny według Goi) is a 1998 Polish war drama by Władysław Pasikowski set during the Bosnian War.	Demons of War	Władysław Pasikowski
screenwriter	Adrien's Story (French: Histoire d'Adrien) is a 1980 Occitan language French drama film written, directed and produced by Jean-Pierre Denis.	Adrien's Story	Jean-Pierre Denis
screenwriter	The Virgin of Stamboul is a 1920 American drama film directed by Tod Browning and starring husband and wife team Priscilla Dean and Wheeler Oakman and featuring Wallace Beery in a supporting role.	The Virgin of Stamboul	Tod Browning
screenwriter	This Happy Feeling is a 1958 film by Blake Edwards adapted from the F. Hugh Herbert play For Love or Money.	This Happy Feeling	Blake Edwards
series	The Citroën DS (French pronunciation: ​(sitʁoɛn de ɛs)) is a front-engine, front-wheel-drive executive car manufactured and marketed by the French company Citroën from 1955 to 1975 in sedan, wagon/estate and convertible body configurations.	Citroën DS	executive car
sex or gender	Edith Charlotte Price (1872--1956) was an English female chess master.	Edith Charlotte Price	female
sex or gender	Máel Coluim, Earl of Angus, ruled roughly 1214--1240, was mormaer of Angus, and the last of his family in the male line with title over that province.	Máel Coluim, Earl of Angus	male
sex or gender	Andrew Lesuuda (b. 1991-04-15) is a male long-distance runner from Kenya.	Andrew Lesuuda	male
sex or gender	Ip Pui Yi (Chinese: 葉珮兒; pinyin: Yè Pèi'ér; Jyutping: jip6 pui3 ji4; born November 28, 1978) is a Hong Kong female sport shooter.	Ip Pui Yi	female
sex or gender	Helen May Butler (1867--1957) was an American bandleader and composer who has been called ``The female Sousa''.	Helen May Butler	female
sex or gender	Wu Jiani (Chinese: 吴佳妮; 1966 - ) is a former female Chinese gymnast.	Wu Jiani	female
sex or gender	Sarah Groenewald (born 5 May 1985 in Lilydale, Victoria) is a female Australian football (soccer) player who currently plays for Melbourne Victory in the W-League (Australia).	Sarah Groenewald	female
sex or gender	Miyuki Fukumoto née Aoyama (born 4 January 1977) is a female high jumper from Japan.	Miyuki Fukumoto	female
sex or gender	Natasha Brennan (born October 11, 1986) is a female rugby union and represented England at the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup.	Natasha Brennan	female
sex or gender	Wang Zhengming (born February 16, 1990 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a male badminton player from China.	Wang Zhengming	male
sex or gender	Assa Koïta (born June 28, 1991 in Vitry-sur-Seine) is a French female rugby union player.	Assa Koïta	female
sex or gender	Meliha İsmailoğlu (born Meliha Smajlović on September 17, 1993 in Gradačac, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian-Turkish female volleyball player.	Meliha İsmailoğlu	female
sex or gender	'Herman Puig (born German Puig Paredes on 25 February 1928) is a pioneer of male nude photography.	Herman Puig	male
sex or gender	Brooke Krueger-Billett (born 9 July 1980 in Tailem Bend) is a female hammer thrower from Australia.	Brooke Krueger-Billett	female
sex or gender	Years later, Russ Regan publicly disclosed his surprise and confusion that Dahlstrom's albums had not been high profile successes, saying, ``In my career there are two female singer/songwriters who I signed, that should've been stars, Patti Dahlstrom and Harriet Schock''.	Patti Dahlstrom	female
sex or gender	Yan Fang (simplified Chinese: 阎芳; traditional Chinese: 閻芳; pinyin: Yán Fāng; born July 26, 1969) is a female Chinese softball player.	Yan Fang	female
sex or gender	María Gabriela Pazos (born September 20, 1967) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina.	María Gabriela Pazos	female
sex or gender	In Norse mythology, Jörð (Icelandic ``earth'', pronounced (ˈjœrð) and from Old Norse jǫrð, pronounced (ˈjɔrð), sometimes Anglicized as Jord or Jorth; also called Jarð, (jɑrð) as in Old East Norse), is a female jötunn.	Jörð	female
sex or gender	Statue of Gen. Daniel Davidson Bidwell (October 19, 1924, Colonial Circle, Buffalo, New York) The Guardian (1937) Brookgreen Gardens (a young male standing with a long bow and a dog sitting at his feet) Sahl Swarz:	Sahl Swarz	male
sex or gender	Jun Mizutani (Japanese: 水谷 隼; born 9 June 1989) is a male Japanese table tennis player.	Jun Mizutani	male
sex or gender	Anna Jelmini is an American female track and field athlete.	Anna Jelmini	female
sex or gender	Xie Zhongbo (Chinese: 谢中博), is a male badminton player from People's Republic of China.	Xie Zhongbo	male
sex or gender	Zita Urbonaitė (September 3, 1973 -- May 26, 2008) was a female road racing cyclist from Lithuania.	Zita Urbonaitė	female
sex or gender	Zhang Xiyan(simplified Chinese: 张喜燕; traditional Chinese: 張喜燕; pinyin: Zhāng Xǐyàn; April 22, 1980 in Harbin, Heilongjiang ) is the most successful female Chinese amateur and professional boxer.	Zhang Xiyan	female
sex or gender	Rie Ueno (born June 11, 1976) is a female long-distance runner from Japan, who is best known for winning the women's 5,000 metres at the 1999 Summer Universiade.	Rie Ueno	female
sex or gender	Fábio Paranhos Marcelino nicknamed Pinha (born 11 March 1973) is a former Brazilian male volleyball player.	Fábio Paranhos Marcelino	male
sex or gender	Myrella Cohen QC FRSA LLD (Hon) (Manchester, 1927 -- October 2002) was one of the first female judges in Great Britain.	Myrella Cohen	female
sex or gender	Baptiste Giabiconi (born 9 November 1989) is a French male model and singer from Marignane, France.	Baptiste Giabiconi	male
sex or gender	Cara-Beth Burnside, nicknamed ``CB'', is a pioneer of women's professional skateboarding and snowboarding from Orange, California and ranks amongst the top female athletes in these sports in the world.	Cara-Beth Burnside	female
sex or gender	Song Kai (born 1984-01-29) is a male Chinese rower, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Song Kai	male
sex or gender	Marie Owens (1853--1927) is believed to have been the first female police officer in the U.S., joining the Chicago Police Department in 1891, and retiring in 1923.	Marie Owens	female
sex or gender	Casey Gallagher (born 2 August 1996) is an English female darts player currently playing in British Darts Organisation events.	Casey Gallagher	female
sex or gender	Like the well-known Indonesian female leader Raden Ayu Kartini, Rasuna Said fought for equality between men and women.	Rasuna Said	female
sex or gender	Aliaksandr Malashevich (Belarusian: Аляксандар Малашэвіч; born 7 April 1977) is a male discus thrower from Belarus.	Aliaksandr Malashevich	male
sex or gender	Christina Sampanidis (born 12 May 1988) is a female footballer currently playing for ŽFK Mašinac PZP Niš.	Christina Sampanidis	female
sex or gender	Márcia Narloch (born 28 March 1969 in Joinville) is a female marathon runner from Brazil, who won the gold medal in the women's marathon at the 2003 Pan American Games.	Márcia Narloch	female
sex or gender	Alla Davydova, née Fyodorova (Russian: Алла Давыдова; born 21 May 1966) is a retired female hammer thrower from Russia.	Alla Davydova	female
sex or gender	Yudelka Bonilla (born September 19, 1976 in Mao) is a female volleyball and beach volleyball player from Dominican Republic, who won the bronze medal in the women's beach team competition at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games in San Salvador, El Salvador, partnering Iris Santos.	Yudelka Bonilla	female
sex or gender	Jamie McNeair (born June 26, 1969) is a retired female heptathlete from the United States, who won the gold medal at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Argentina.	Jamie McNeair	female
sex or gender	Lin Zhongzai (born 29 August 1981 in Fu'an, Ningde, Fujian) is a male Chinese sports shooter, who will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lin Zhongzai	male
sex or gender	Del Delker is an American contralto sacred music female vocalist who has sung on the Voice of Prophecy radio ministry since 1947.	Del Delker	female
sex or gender	Zhu Juefeng (simplified Chinese: 朱觉凤; traditional Chinese: 朱覺鳳; pinyin: Zhū Juéfèng; born May 5, 1964) is a former female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Zhu Juefeng	female
sex or gender	Nuria Moreno de Pedrón (born June 7, 1975 in Tarragona) is a retired female field hockey player from Spain.	Nuria Moreno	female
sex or gender	Kitana has received much positive critical reception, including having been often regarded as one of the most attractive female characters in video gaming.	Kitana	female
sex or gender	Emii was also the first female citizen to complete five rounds of TORIS life-or-death combat training.	Emii	female
sex or gender	Edna Owen (more generally referred to by her married name Mrs Herbert Sumner Owen) is probably best known for her contributions to the training of female wireless operators in the US during World War One.	Edna Owen	female
sex or gender	Jean M. Bennett (1930--2008) was the first female president of the Optical Society of America in 1986.	Jean M. Bennett	female
sex or gender	Indre Sorokaite (born 2 July 1988) is an Italian female volleyball player, playing as an opposite.	Indre Sorokaite	female
sex or gender	Lu Ronghua (Chinese: 吕荣华; born 21 February 1983) is a Chinese male racewalker who competed mainly in the 20 kilometres race walk.	Lu Ronghua	male
sex or gender	This order was unofficial until 1677, when the Kangxi Emperor decreed that all of his male descendants must adhere to a ``generation code'' as their middle character (see Chinese name).	Kangxi Emperor	male
sex or gender	Laura Bullion (October 1876 -- December 2, 1961) was a female outlaw of the Old West.	Laura Bullion	female
sex or gender	Erwin Kohn (20 December 1911 in Baden - 18 March 1994 in Mar del Plata) is a male former table tennis player from Austria.	Erwin Kohn	male
sex or gender	John Kriza (1919 in Berwyn, Illinois -- August 18, 1975 near Naples, Florida) was a ballet dancer who was one of American Ballet Theatre's best-known male principals.	John Kriza	male
sex or gender	Pietro Aurino (born November 16, 1976 in Torre Annunziata, Province of Naples) is a retired male boxer from Italy.	Pietro Aurino	male
sex or gender	Hakim Toumi (Arabic: الحكيم التومي; born January 30, 1961 in Algiers, Algiers Province) is a retired male hammer thrower from Algeria.	Hakim Toumi	male
sex or gender	Mikaelar Whippy (born March 31, 1986) is a female basketball player from Fiji who played for the Fiji women's national basketball team at the FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament for Women 2008.	Mikaelar Whippy	female
sex or gender	Angeliki Karapataki (born February 19, 1975 in Athens) is a female Greek water polo player and Olympic silver medalist with the Greek national team.	Angeliki Karapataki	female
sex or gender	Catherine Marsal (born January 20, 1971 in Metz, Moselle) is a retired female racing cyclist from France.	Catherine Marsal	female
sex or gender	In the late 80s and early 90s, Cedella Marley appeared in a few movies, including The Mighty Quinn (1989) starring Denzel Washington, and was the female lead in Joey Breaker (1993) opposite Richard Edson.	Cedella Marley	female
sex or gender	Marjorie Morrill Painter Whiting (March 29, 1908 -- November 27, 2009) known during her tennis career as Marjorie 'Midge' Morrill, was an American female tennis player who was ranked #2 in the United States in 1930.	Marjorie Morrill	female
sex or gender	Yuan Zhi (born 29 September 1981 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese male volleyball player.	Yuan Zhi	male
sex or gender	Kaributas' male-line descendants included Princes Zbaraski, Wiśniowiecki, Woroniecki, and Nieswicki.	Kaributas	male
sex or gender	Zhang Ai (simplified Chinese: 张爱; traditional Chinese: 張愛; pinyin: Zhāng Ài; born September 23, 1981 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese softball player.	Zhang Ai	female
sex or gender	Marianne Steinbrecher, known as Mari (born August 23, 1983), is a female volleyball player from Brazil, who plays as a wing spiker (basically outside hitter, occasionally opposite hitter) at Molico/Osasco.	Marianne Steinbrecher	female
sex or gender	Jesús Manuel Santiago or Jess Santiago is a Filipino male poet, songwriter, singer-composer, protest musician and translator.	Jesús Manuel Santiago	male
sex or gender	Jan Knobelauch Hansen (born July 15, 1971) is a male athlete from Denmark.	Jan Knobelauch Hansen	male
sex or gender	Irina Bugrimova (1910--2001) was the first female lion tamer in the Soviet Union.	Irina Bugrimova	female
sex or gender	Volodymyr Kravets (born May 31, 1981 in Krasnoarmiisk, Donetsk Oblast) is a male boxer from Ukraine, who competed for his Eastern European country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Volodymyr Kravets	male
sex or gender	Deby LaPlante (Deborah C. LaPlante, née Lansky, in second marriage Smith; born April 3, 1953) is a retired female track and field athlete from the United States, who competed in the hurdles event.	Deby LaPlante	female
sex or gender	Julian Paynter (born 15 July 1970 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a retired male long-distance runner, who represented Australia at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Julian Paynter	male
sex or gender	Harutyun Merdinyan (born 16 August 1984) is an Armenian male artistic gymnast and part of the national team.	Harutyun Merdinyan	male
sex or gender	Shi Guihong (Chinese: 施桂红, born February 13, 1968) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Shi Guihong	female
sex or gender	Khawlah bint Hakim (Arabic: خولة بنت حكيم‎) was one of the female companions of Muhammad.	Khawlah bint Hakim	female
sex or gender	Stanislav Petkov (Bulgarian: Станислав Петков) (born 31 December 1987) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player.	Stanislav Petkov	male
sex or gender	Yan Jiankui (born 19 March 1976) is a retired female sprinter from PR China.	Yan Jiankui	female
sex or gender	Kisha Snow (born February 25, 1969) is a female boxer from the United States.	Kisha Snow	female
sex or gender	Gianluca Maglia (born 12 December 1988) is a male Italian swimmer.	Gianluca Maglia	male
sex or gender	Trevorvano Mackey (born January 5, 1992) is a male track and field athlete from Nassau, Bahamas, who mainly competes in the 100m and 200m.	Trevorvano Mackey	male
sex or gender	Kim Rang (born October 9, 1974) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Kim Rang	female
sex or gender	Mary Charlene Noble (October 15, 1940 -- April 27, 2006), known from childhood by her nickname Kay Noble, was an American female professional wrestler.	Kay Noble	female
sex or gender	Zhang Xingbo (born 1981-04-13) is a male Chinese rower.	Zhang Xingbo	male
sex or gender	Taimak later appeared in a number of TV roles and music videos including the lead male in Janet Jackson's ``Let's Wait Awhile'' music video, Debbie Allen's ``Special Look'' video.	Taimak	male
sex or gender	Mihaela Lăcătuș is a Romanian female boxer.	Mihaela Lăcătuș	female
sex or gender	Na-Ga is a male Japanese artist who is employed as a graphic designer and illustrator for the company Key known for such famous visual novels as Kanon, Air, and Clannad among others.	Na-Ga	male
sex or gender	Elena Vystropova (born 3 November 1988) is an Azerbaijani female boxer.	Elena Vystropova	female
sex or gender	Yu Horiuchi (born December 23, 1990) is a female wrestler from Japan.	Yu Horiuchi	female
sex or gender	Corrie Clark (born April 11, 1982) is a female breaststroke and medley swimmer from the United States.	Corrie Clark	female
sex or gender	Kátia Cilene Teixeira da Silva (born February 18, 1977 in Rio de Janeiro), known simply as Kátia is a female Brazilian footballer.	Kátia Cilene Teixeira	female
sex or gender	Jorina Baars (born October 17, 1988) is a Dutch female kickboxer and mixed martial artist, based in Den Helder, Netherlands.	Jorina Baars	female
sex or gender	Wu Chongkui (born 1989-03-29 in Jiangsu) is a male Chinese rower, who has competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Wu Chongkui	male
sex or gender	Ghosha (Sanskrit: घोषा) was an ancient Vedic period Indian female philosopher and seer.	Ghosha	female
sex or gender	Nie Yali (simplified Chinese: 聂亚丽; traditional Chinese: 聶亞麗; pinyin: Niè Yàlì; born June 4, 1973 in Da'an, Zigong, Sichuan) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Nie Yali	female
sex or gender	Monica Shaw is one of a small group of professional female skaters and regarded as the best female skater in Australia.	Monica Shaw	female
sex or gender	Juan José Alarcón García (born June 12, 1988) is a male professional road cyclist from Venezuela.	José Alarcón	male
sex or gender	Wei Baoheng's ancestors traced their male-line ancestry through a line of officials of Han Dynasty, Cao Wei, Northern Wei, Northern Zhou, Sui Dynasty, and Tang.	Wei Baoheng	male
sex or gender	Luis Fernando Camargo Flechas (born December 17, 1977) is a male road racing cyclist from Colombia.	Fernando Camargo	male
sex or gender	In an overview of Sulpician criticism, Alison Keith described the logic of Hubbard's article as ``tortuous'' and also highlights problems in Holzberg and Habinek's attempts to efface female authorship.	Sulpicia	female
sex or gender	On 14 March 2010, Alpha TV ranked Glykeria the third top-certified female artist in the nation's phonographic era (since 1960).	Glykeria	female
sex or gender	Toon Gerbrands (born 31 October 1957) is a former Dutch male volleyball coach.	Toon Gerbrands	male
sex or gender	María Belén Simari Birkner (18 August 1982) is a female skier from Argentina.	María Belén Simari Birkner	female
sex or gender	Jamea Jackson (/dʒəˈmiːə/ juh-MEE-ah; born September 7, 1986) is a female American former Women's Tennis Association (WTA) player and current United States Tennis Association (USTA) coach.	Jamea Jackson	female
sex or gender	Nicole Daedone is the founder and CEO of OneTaste, the author of Slow Sex: the art and craft of the female orgasm, and a TEDx speaker.	Nicole Daedone	female
sex or gender	Cozi Costi is a female pop, house and electronica singer and songwriter based in London.	Cozi Costi	female
sex or gender	Raquel González (born 16 November 1989) is a female racewalker from Spain.	Raquel González	female
sex or gender	Sergey Borisenko (Kazakh: Сергей Борисенко; born May 28, 1971) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Kazakhstan.	Sergey Borisenko	male
sex or gender	Ruth Perry is known for being the first female president of Liberia and of contemporary Africa as a whole.	Ruth Perry	female
sex or gender	Maddalena Musumeci (born March 26, 1976 in Catania) is a female water polo defender from Italy, who won the gold medal with the Women's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Maddalena Musumeci	female
sex or gender	Ann Wolfe (born January 17, 1971) is an American female boxer who held world titles in four different weight classes simultaneously.	Ann Wolfe	female
sex or gender	Čučuk Stana (Serbian: Чучук Стана, Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (tʃǔtʃuk stǎːna), English: Little Stana) was a Serbian female hajduk and the second wife of Hajduk Veljko.	Čučuk Stana	female
sex or gender	Jin Peiyu (Chinese: 金佩钰; born April 17, 1985 in Harbin) is a Chinese female speed skater.	Jin Peiyu	female
sex or gender	`` This possibility of sex between Gawain and Bertilak underscores the strength of male homosocial bonds, and the fact that sex never occurs reinforces ideals of the masculine chivalric code.	Gawain	male
sex or gender	Gintarė Jautakaitė (a.k.a. Gintare) (born June 4, 1958) is a Lithuanian-born American female singer.	Gintarė Jautakaitė	female
sex or gender	Monette Moore (May 19, 1902 in Gainesville, Texas -- October 21, 1962 in Garden Grove, California) was an American jazz and classic female blues singer.	Monette Moore	female
sex or gender	Konstantin Mitev (Bulgarian: Константин Митев, born 27 October 1984) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player.	Konstantin Mitev	male
sex or gender	Aleksandr Seleznyov (Russian: Александр Селезнев; born 25 January 1964) is a retired male hammer thrower from Russia.	Aleksandr Seleznyov	male
sex or gender	Rim Jouini (born 7 August 1980) is a Tunisian female boxer.	Rim Jouini	female
sex or gender	On August 12, 2008, it was announced that Sisely Treasure was the new female vocalist for the band Shiny Toy Guns, replacing Carah Faye Charnow.	Sisely Treasure	female
sex or gender	Ellen Church (September 22, 1904 -- August 22, 1965) was the first female flight attendant.	Ellen Church	female
sex or gender	Feng Liao (馮繚) was China's first official female diplomat, who represented the Han Dynasty to Wusun (烏孫), which was in the Western Regions.	Feng Liao	female
sex or gender	Yang Jinghui (simplified Chinese: 杨景辉; traditional Chinese: 楊景輝; pinyin: Yáng Jǐnghuī; Jyutping: Yeung4 Ging2 Fai1; born May 15, 1983 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a male Chinese diver who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Yang Jinghui	male
sex or gender	Patricia Apolot is a female Ugandan professional martial artist.	Patricia Apolot	female
sex or gender	Parashurama is worshipped as mūlapuruṣa, or male ancestral founder, of the Dravida, Niyogi, Bhumihar, Chitpavan, Devrukhe, Daivadnya, Mohyal, Tyagi, Anavil and Nambudiri Brahmin communities.	Parashurama	male
sex or gender	Alex Lundqvist (born 14 April 1972) is a male Swedish model.	Alex Lundqvist	male
sex or gender	Hanne Liland (born August 7, 1969) is a retired female race walker from Norway.	Hanne Liland	female
sex or gender	With Guatemala-born, L.A.-based Gaby Moreno (October 9, McRaney's Tavern), it's the female singer-songwriter form that she has rescued from the abyss of cliché.	Gaby Moreno	female
sex or gender	Maria Serraino (born 1931) is an Italian female criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta in Calabria.	Maria Serraino	female
sex or gender	Kurt Sinette (born May 9, 1974) is a retired male boxer from Trinidad and Tobago, who won the bronze medal in the men's light middleweight (-- 71 kg) category at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata.	Kurt Sinette	male
sex or gender	Nicole Bass had an extensive career as a female bodybuilder in the late '80s and throughout the '90s.	Nicole Bass	female
sex or gender	Bediha Tunadağı (born August 20, 1985 in Gaziantep, Turkey) is a Turkish female weightlifter competing in the -- 58 kg division.	Bediha Tunadağı	female
sex or gender	Long Yuwen (born August 19, 1975) is a retired female race walker from PR China.	Long Yuwen	female
sex or gender	Ruben Bemelmans (Dutch pronunciation: (rybən beːməlmɑns), born 14 January 1988) is a Belgian male professional tennis player.	Ruben Bemelmans	male
sex or gender	Han Yingying (Chinese: 韩颖颖; pinyin: Hán Yǐngyǐng; born April 20, 1986) is a female Chinese Taekwondo practitioner.	Han Yingying	female
sex or gender	Meisam Mostafa-Jokar (Persian: میثم مصطفی جوکار‎, born on January 25, 1985 in Malayer) is a male freestyle wrestler from Iran.	Meisam Mostafa-Jokar	male
sex or gender	Associated with a group of female artists described as the ``white, marmorean flock'' by Henry James, Whitney's life abroad is well documented by more than 400 letters she sent to her family, now among more than 4,000 letters, photographs, and other documentation in the Anne Whitney Archive at Wellesley College.	Anne Whitney	female
sex or gender	Alice Stebbins Wells (June 13, 1873 -- August 17, 1957) was the first American-born female police officer in the United States, hired in 1910 in Los Angeles.	Alice Stebbins Wells	female
sex or gender	Zhang Xinxin (simplified Chinese: 张辛欣; traditional Chinese: 張辛欣; pinyin: Zhāng Xīnxīn), (Nanjing, 1953) is a female Chinese writer.	Zhang Xinxin	female
sex or gender	Nabil Lasmari (born February 8, 1978) is a male badminton player from Algeria, with French nationality.	Nabil Lasmari	male
sex or gender	Elisa Klapheck (born 10 December 1962) was the first female rabbi to serve in the Netherlands, although she was born in Germany.	Elisa Klapheck	female
sex or gender	Choi Im-jeong (born February 14, 1981 in Busan) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Choi Im-jeong	female
sex or gender	Julia Cross is the only person, male or female, ever to achieve six world titles in ITF Taekwon-Do.	Julia Cross	female
sex or gender	Constantly injured from running Britta Martin 2007 switched into cycling and became member of the professional female cycling team Team Stuttgart.	Britta Martin	female
sex or gender	Los Premios de la Radio (The Radio Awards) nominated Roberto Tapia as Artist of the year, male artist of the year and the best song with banda ``Mirando al Cielo'' in 2012.	Roberto Tapia	male
sex or gender	Arthur Zborzil (15 July 1885 -- 15 October 1937) was a male tennis player from Austria.	Arthur Zborzil	male
sex or gender	Clara Raven (1909-1994) was one of the first five female physicians to be commissioned during World War II by the U.S. Army (she entered active duty service in 1943), and became the first female doctor to be a full colonel in the U.S. Army Medical Corps in 1961.	Clara Raven	female
sex or gender	Liu Xianwei (simplified Chinese: 刘显伟; traditional Chinese: 劉顯偉; pinyin: Liú Xiǎnwěi; born February 22, 1987 in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese male short track speed skater.	Liu Xianwei	male
sex or gender	Ebba Charlotta Elise Hwasser, née Jakobsson, (16 March 1831 -- 28 January 1894), was a Swedish actress, the leading lady on the Swedish stage for thirty years, and often described as the greatest female dramatic star in Sweden during the Victorian era.	Elise Hwasser	female
sex or gender	Igor Bour (born 18 December 1984) is a male weightlifter from Moldova.	Igor Bour	male
sex or gender	Kalliopi Ouzouni (Greek: Καλλιόπη Ουζούνη, born February 8, 1973 in Thessaloniki) is a retired female shot putter from Greece.	Kalliopi Ouzouni	female
sex or gender	After Beyond the Hills (2012) Cristian Mungiu's new project will deal with parenting and focus on a male character.	Cristian Mungiu	male
sex or gender	Anna Millward, née Wilson, (born 26 November 1971) is an Australian female cycle racer.	Anna Millward	female
sex or gender	İpek Emiroğlu (born 1992) is a Turkish female association football referee.	İpek Emiroğlu	female
sex or gender	Anne Sophie Mathis is a French female boxer who is best known for defeating Holly Holm for a boxing world title.	Anne Sophie Mathis	female
sex or gender	Xu Jian (Chinese: 徐健; pinyin: Xú Jiàn; born July 27, 1970) is a female Chinese softball player.	Xu Jian	female
sex or gender	Deniss Čerkovskis (born 2 November 1978) is a male Latvian modern pentathlete who competed in: the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney (18th place), the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens (4th place), and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing (11th place).	Deniss Čerkovskis	male
sex or gender	Rona Shapiro became the first female rabbi to head a Conservative synagogue in Cleveland in 2007, when she became rabbi of Congregation Bethaynu in Pepper Pike.	Rona Shapiro	female
sex or gender	Fusako Masuda (Japanese: 増田 房子; born January 18, 1968) is a retired female race walker from Japan.	Fusako Masuda	female
sex or gender	Kwon Ki-ok (born Pyongyang, Korea, 11 January 1901 -- 19 April 1988) was the first Korean female aviator, as well as being the first female pilot in China.	Kwon Ki-ok	female
sex or gender	Ryan Reser (born April 16, 1980 in Denver, Colorado) is a male judoka from the United States, who won the gold medal in the men's lightweight division (-- 73 kg) at the 2007 Pan American Games, defeating Brazil's Leandro Guilheiro in the final.	Ryan Reser	male
sex or gender	Alen Lončar (born January 21, 1974 in Rijeka) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Croatia, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996.	Alen Lončar	male
sex or gender	Ymir birthed a male and female from the pits of his arms, and his legs together begat a six-headed being.	Ymir	male
sex or gender	Nicki Gillis is a female vocalist and entertainer from Australia who was born in Western Australia and grew up a child of entertainer parents from Croatian and Italian backgrounds.	Nicki Gillis	female
sex or gender	Tammy Cole (born 13 April 1973 in Queensland) is a retired female field hockey defender from Australia.	Tammy Cole	female
sex or gender	An event for fillies and mares, the race is called the Jenny Wiley Stakes and attracts some of the best female horses in American horse racing.	Jenny Wiley	female
sex or gender	Mariam Anwar is a female cricketer.	Mariam Anwar	female
sex or gender	Stephanie Cheng (born 10 October 1984) is a female cantopop singer in Hong Kong introduced by Go East Music (consolidated with Universal Music in 2003).	Stephanie Cheng	female
sex or gender	In 2014, Yunho acted as the second male lead in historical drama ``The night watchman's journal'' which aired on MBC from August to October 2014.	Yunho	male
sex or gender	Suzy Shortland (born 23 January 1974) is a former New Zealand female rugby union representative.	Suzy Shortland	female
sex or gender	Maria Aurora Salvagno (born 3 March 1986) is an Italian female sprinter.	Maria Aurora Salvagno	female
sex or gender	Nantakan Petchplay (Thai: นันทกานต์ เพชรพลาย, born 21 March 1977) is a retired Thai female volleyball player.	Nantakan Petchplay	female
sex or gender	Nkeka Ukuh (born November 20, 1987) is a female track and field athlete from Nigeria.	Nkeka Ukuh	female
sex or gender	Tan Wen-lin (Chinese: 譚汶琳; pinyin: Tán Wènlín; born on August 26, 1989 in Hualien, Taiwan), or 'Tan', is a Taiwanese female football player.	Tan Wen-lin	female
sex or gender	Carla Molema (born 30 November 1988 in Groningen) is a Dutch female darts player.	Carla Molema	female
sex or gender	Tara Blaise (born 1 March 1975) is an Irish female pop, folk, and rock singer.	Tara Blaise	female
sex or gender	Lottie Mwale (14 April 1952 -- 18 October 2005) was a Zambian male Light Heavyweight-class boxer who was Commonwealth and African Boxing Union champion for more than six years.	Lottie Mwale	male
sex or gender	Anja Langer (born June 3, 1965) is a former professional female bodybuilder of the late 1980s.	Anja Langer	female
sex or gender	During a feature on the show, Joanna Murray-Smith from The Age commented ``With the exception of Rick Alessi, the one major failure of current Neighbours is the absence of young male spunks''.	Rick Alessi	male
sex or gender	Josef Hladký (born 18 June 1962 in Prague) is a retired male medley swimmer from the Czech Republic.	Josef Hladký	male
sex or gender	Ariel Sganga (born February 25, 1974 in Buenos Aires) is a male judoka from Argentina, who won the bronze medal in the men's half middleweight division (-- 81 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Ariel Sganga	male
sex or gender	She is included alongside Big Mama Thornton in Tough Mamas (Krazy Kat, UK, 1989), a collection of female-led blues and R&B songs, and she is paired with soul singer Ruby Johnson in Ruby Johnson Meets Pearl Reaves (Titanic, 1993).	Pearl Reaves	female
sex or gender	Madeline de Jesús (born November 4, 1957) is a retired female track and field athlete from Puerto Rico, who competed in the women's long jump and triple jump during her career.	Madeline de Jesús	female
sex or gender	Veronika Martinek (born 3 April 1972) is a former professional female tennis player playing for Germany.	Veronika Martinek	female
sex or gender	Shannon O'Connell is an Australian boxer who has won the Queensland State female featherweight title and World Boxing Federation female featherweight title.	Shannon O'Connell	female
sex or gender	Juan García Postigo (born January 19, 1982) is a male beauty pageant contestant from Málaga, Spain.	Juan García Postigo	male
sex or gender	Chola Chanturia (Georgian: ჭოლა ჭანტურია; born 23 July 1989) is a male diver from Georgia.	Chola Chanturia	male
sex or gender	Also this year, in a ceremony in memory friend has died, a male friend (Đàm Vĩnh Hưng's guitar) and female singing has rendered Tuoi Hong Tho Ngay.	Đàm Vĩnh Hưng	male
sex or gender	Lenda Murray (born February 22, 1962) is an American professional female bodybuilding champion.	Lenda Murray	female
sex or gender	Sonia de Ignacio-Simo Casas (born January 24, 1971 in Terrassa, Catalonia) is a former female field hockey player from Spain, who represented her native country twice at the Olympic Games: 1996 and 2000.	Sonia de Ignacio	female
sex or gender	Since 1889, Mrs. Claus has been generally depicted in media as a fairly heavy-set, kindly, white-haired elderly female baking cookies somewhere in the background of the Santa Claus mythos.	Mrs. Claus	female
sex or gender	Alon Abisola Arisicate Ajoke Olajuwon, better known as Abi Olajuwon (born July 6, 1988) is an American female basketball player.	Abi Olajuwon	female
sex or gender	Lívia Mossóczy (born 1936) is a former female table tennis player from Hungary.	Lívia Mossóczy	female
sex or gender	Puyi was forced to sign an agreement that if he himself had a male heir, the child would be sent to Japan to be raised by the Japanese.	Puyi	male
sex or gender	Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin-offs of a major male superhero, and predates the introduction of Superman's female cousin Supergirl (also created by Otto Binder) by more than a decade.	Mary Marvel	female
sex or gender	Mary Carter Reitano (born 29 November 1934) is a female former tennis player from Australia.	Mary Carter Reitano	female
sport	The Ontario Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played in 1961 and 1962 at the Whispering Lakes Golf Course in Ontario, California, which opened in 1956.	Ontario Open	golf
sport	The 2011 Men's European Volleyball League was the eighth edition of the annual European Volleyball League, which featured men's national volleyball teams from twelve European countries:	2011 Men's European Volleyball League	volleyball
sport	The UEFA Futsal Cup is an annual futsal competition for European club teams organized by UEFA.	UEFA Futsal Cup	futsal
sport	María Cecilia Rognoni (born December 1, 1976 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine field hockey player, who won the 2002 World Cup in Perth, Australia where she was elected as the best woman hockey player in the world by the FIH.	Cecilia Rognoni	field hockey
sport	The Royal Dutch Lawn Tennis Association (Dutch: Koninklijke Nederlandse Lawn Tennis Bond) (KNLTB) is the national governing body of tennis in the Netherlands.	Royal Dutch Lawn Tennis Association	tennis
sport	Hockey Club Lokomotiv (Russian: ХК Локомотив, English: Locomotive HC), also known as Lokomotiv Yaroslavl, is a Russian professional ice hockey team, based in the city of Yaroslavl, playing in the top level Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Lokomotiv Yaroslavl	ice hockey
sport	Slavko Kotnik (born November 3, 1962) is a retired Yugoslav/Slovenian professional basketball player.	Slavko Kotnik	basketball
sport	SC Riessersee is a professional ice hockey team based in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Oberbayern, Germany.	SC Riessersee	ice hockey
sport	Sven Davidson (13 July 1928 -- 28 May 2008) was a Swedish tennis player who became the first Swede to win a Grand Slam title when he won the French Championships in 1957.	Sven Davidson	tennis
sport	The St Kilda Football Club, nicknamed the Saints, is an Australian rules football club based in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	St Kilda Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	MLB Network is an American television sports channel dedicated to baseball.	MLB Network	baseball
sport	The 2008 USA Cycling Professional Tour is the second year of this elite men's professional road bicycle racing series organized by USA Cycling.	2008 USA Cycling Professional Tour	road bicycle racing
sport	The Houston Astros are an American professional baseball team located in Houston, Texas.	Houston Astros	baseball
sport	Coulby Gunther (February 5, 1923 -- July 14, 2005) was a professional basketball player who spent two seasons in the Basketball Association of America (BAA) as a member of the Pittsburgh Ironmen (1946--47) and the St. Louis Bombers (1948--49).	Coulby Gunther	basketball
sport	Castres Olympique (French pronunciation: ​(kastʁ olimpik)) is a French rugby union club located in the Midi-Pyrénées city of Castres and currently competing in the top level of the French league system.	Castres Olympique	rugby union
sport	The 2007 Legends Tour was a series of professional golf tour for women aged 45 and older sanctioned by the Legends Tour.	2007 Legends Tour	golf
sport	Arthur Wharton (28 October 1865 -- 13 December 1930) is widely considered to be the first black professional association football player in the world.	Arthur Wharton	association football
sport	Preben Fjære Brynemo (born 14 August 1977) is a Norwegian Nordic combined skier, born in Porsgrunn.	Preben Fjære Brynemo	Nordic combined
sport	The 1913 FA Charity Shield was the sixth staging of the FA Charity Shield, an annual association football match arranged to raise funds for charitable causes supported by the Football Association (the FA), the governing body of football in England.	1913 FA Charity Shield	association football
sport	Charoen Wattanasin (Thai: เจริญ วรรธนะสิน) (born 1937) is a former badminton player from Thailand who won international championships in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Charoen Wattanasin	badminton
sport	The 1994 EA-Generali Ladies Linz was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Intersport Arena in Linz in Austria that was part of Tier III of the 1994 WTA Tour.	1994 EA-Generali Ladies Linz	tennis
sport	Venard Richard Hendrix (Macedonian: Венард Ричард Хендрикс; born November 15, 1986) is an American-Macedonian professional basketball player who plays for Unicaja of the Liga ACB.	Richard Hendrix	basketball
sport	The 1986 PBA Open Conference Finals was the best-of-7 series basketball championship of the 1986 PBA Open Conference, and the conclusion of the conference playoffs.	1986 PBA Open Conference Finals	basketball
sport	The Lithuania Hockey League is the premier men's ice hockey league in Lithuania.	Lithuania Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Cavigal Nice Basket is a French professional basketball team located in the city of Nice, .	Cavigal Nice Basket	basketball
sport	Sharon Deacon (née Amiet) (born 30 November 1957) is a former Australian women's basketball player.	Sharon Deacon	basketball
sport	Augusta National Golf Club, located in Augusta, Georgia, is one of the most famous golf clubs in the world.	Augusta National Golf Club	golf
sport	The National Competition (previously called the National Zonal Competition) is the top level rugby league competition run by the New Zealand Rugby League.	National Competition	rugby league
sport	Rebecca Murray (born 1990) is an American Paralympic four-time gold medalist and wheelchair basketball player from Richfield, Wisconsin.	Rebecca Murray	basketball
sport	HC Red Ice Martigny-Verbier-Entremont is a Swiss ice hockey club, founded in 2008 and issued from the fusion of HC Martigny and HC Verbier Val-de-Bagnes.	HC Red Ice	ice hockey
sport	Cian Healy (born 7 October 1987) is an Irish rugby union rugby player.	Cian Healy	rugby union
sport	USA Swimming is the national governing body for competitive swimming in the United States.	USA Swimming	swimming
sport	The Tour of Çanakkale (Turkish: Çanakkale Bisiklet Turu) is a professional road bicycle racing stage race held annually in and around the Çanakkale Province in Turkey.	Tour of Çanakkale	road bicycle racing
sport	Glenn Feidanga is a Central African college basketball player who currently plays for the Long Island Brooklyn Blackbirds.	Glenn Feidanga	basketball
sport	Andrew Pattison (born 30 January 1949) is a former South African-born Rhodesian and later Zimbabwean right-handed tennis player.	Andrew Pattison	tennis
sport	Jerry Zrymiak (born October 19, 1948 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 155 games in the World Hockey Association for the Michigan Stags, Los Angeles Sharks, Toronto Toros, and Minnesota Fighting Saints.	Jerry Zrymiak	ice hockey
sport	The Russian Superleague (Russian: Чемпионат России Суперлига, Russian Championship Superleague), commonly abbreviated as RSL, was the highest division of the main professional ice hockey league in Russia.	Russian Superleague	ice hockey
sport	Mario Butler (born January 15, 1957 in Panama City, Panama) is a former basketball player.	Mario Butler	basketball
sport	Mack Crowder (born December 23, 1992) is an American football Center.	Mack Crowder	American football
sport	Norwood Football Club, nicknamed, Redlegs, is an Australian rules football club competing in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) in the state of South Australia.	Norwood Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The La Perouse United are an Australian rugby league football team based in La Perouse, New South Wales a suburb of south-central Sydney they play in the South Sydney District Junior Rugby Football League.	La Perouse United	rugby league
sport	Johannes Liechtenauer (also Lichtnauer, Hans Lichtenawer) was a 14th-century German fencing master.	Johannes Liechtenauer	fencing
sport	Piacenza Calcio 1919 is an Italian association football club based in Piacenza, Emilia--	Piacenza Calcio 1919	association football
sport	Coventry United F.C. is an English association football club based in Coventry in the West Midlands.	Coventry United F.C.	association football
sport	The Kelowna Wings were a junior ice hockey team based in Kelowna, British Columbia that played in the Western Hockey League from 1982--85.	Kelowna Wings	ice hockey
sport	Åge Hadler (born 14 August 1944) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor, winner of the 1966 and 1972 individual World Orienteering Championships, relay champion from 1970, and individual bronze medalist from 1968.	Åge Hadler	orienteering
sport	Alain Wicki is a Swiss skeleton racer who competed from the 1980s to the early first decade of the 21st century.	Alain Wicki	skeleton
sport	Ladislav Ščurko (born April 4, 1986 in Gelnica) is a Slovak professional ice hockey center who currently plays for HC 46 Bardejov of the Slovak 1.Liga.	Ladislav Ščurko	ice hockey
sport	The Samoa national rugby union team, referred to as the Samoa Sevens or Manu Samoa 7s, represents Samoa internationally in rugby sevens.	Samoa national rugby union team	rugby sevens
sport	The Arizona League is a minor league baseball league that operates in and around Phoenix, Arizona.	Arizona League	baseball
sport	The 1990 Torneo Godó was the 38th edition of the Torneo Godó annual men's tennis tournament played on clay courts in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain and part of the Championship Series of the 1990 ATP Tour.	1990 Torneo Godó	tennis
sport	The 1994 Salem Open-Beijing was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Beijing in the People's Republic of China the men's event was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour, the women's event was part of the Tier IV of the 1994 WTA Tour.	1994 Salem Open-Beijing	tennis
sport	Roy Campanella (November 19, 1921 -- June 26, 1993), nicknamed ``Campy'', was an American baseball player, primarily as a catcher.	Roy Campanella	baseball
sport	Federico Israel, Jr. (born September 2, 1956), better known as Padim Israel, is a former Filipino basketball player.	Padim Israel	basketball
sport	Moheschunder Bannerjee (Bengali: মহেশচন্দ্র বন্দ্যোপাধ্যায়, fl. 1850) or Mahesh Chandra Banerjee was a strong chess player from Bengal, many hundred of whose games survive through the writings of John Cochrane, who regularly played Bannerjee between 1848 and 1860, during Cochrane's tenure at the Calcutta bar.	Moheschunder Bannerjee	chess
sport	J. Timothy Gannon, a.k.a. Tim Gannon, is an American businessman and polo player.	J. Timothy Gannon	polo
sport	Craig Fitzgibbon (born 16 June 1977) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s.	Craig Fitzgibbon	rugby league
sport	FC Wacker München is a German association football club of about 200 members based in the Sendling borough of Munich, Bavaria.	FC Wacker München	association football
sport	Jaroslav Levinský (born 11 February 1981) is a professional doubles tennis player from the Czech Republic.	Jaroslav Levinský	tennis
sport	Western Sydney Wanderers FC Youth is an Australian semi-professional association football team based in the western region of Sydney, New South Wales.	Western Sydney Wanderers FC Youth	association football
sport	Rhys Priestland (born 9 January 1987) is a Welsh international rugby union player.	Rhys Priestland	rugby union
sport	The 2000 Cairns Cyclones season was the fifth and final season that the Cairns Cyclones rugby league team competed in the Queensland Cup.	2000 Cairns Cyclones season	rugby league
sport	Martin Mrva (born 12 December 1971, Prešov) is a Slovakian chess grandmaster.	Martin Mrva	chess
sport	Christophe Laussucq (born May 20, 1973 in Bordeaux) is a retired rugby union player and current coach for CA Brive in the Top 14.	Christophe Laussucq	rugby union
sport	Steve Moria (born February 3, 1961) is a British-Canadian (dual nationality) professional ice hockey player.	Steve Moria	ice hockey
sport	Joe Loprieno (born October 8, 1986) is an American former professional ice hockey player who played in the American Hockey League (AHL) and ECHL.	Joe Loprieno	ice hockey
sport	Briggs Sports F.C. was an English amateur association football team.	Briggs Sports F.C.	association football
sport	Debbie Graham or Debbie Graham Shaffer (born August 25, 1970) is a retired women's tennis player from the United States.	Debbie Graham	tennis
sport	Tamsyn Leevey (born 24 January 1978, in Taumarunui, New Zealand) is a professional squash player from New Zealand.	Tamsyn Leevey	squash
sport	The 1975 Five Nations Championship was the forty-sixth series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship.	1975 Five Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	Leonard Hamilton (born August 4, 1948) is an American basketball coach and the current men's basketball head coach at Florida State University.	Leonard Hamilton	basketball
sport	Supporters' groups or supporters' clubs are independent fan clubs or campaign groups in football, mostly association football.	Supporters' groups	association football
sport	Ryan Blackadder (born 11 October 1983) is a Scottish association football player who currently plays for Glenrothes FC.	Ryan Blackadder	association football
sport	Vuelta Ciclista Por Un Chile Lider was an elite men's professional road bicycle racing stage race held annually in Chile.	Vuelta Ciclista Por Un Chile Lider	road bicycle racing
sport	Elliott Liu (born November 25, 1989 in Boston, Massachusetts, United States) is an American chess player from San Diego, California.	Elliott Liu	chess
sport	Charles Elliot Allen (October 14, 1880 -- January 15, 1966) was an Irish rugby union forward.	Charles Elliot Allen	rugby union
sport	The 2007 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2007--2008 figure skating season.	2007 Pavel Roman Memorial	figure skating
sport	The 2009 Baseball World Cup was an international baseball tournament that started on 9 September 2009.	2009 Baseball World Cup	baseball
sport	The 2006 NBA Europe Live Tour was an international basketball exhibition and competition produced jointly by the National Basketball Association and the Euroleague, as part of the NBA Global Games.	2006 NBA Europe Live Tour	basketball
sport	Derek Campbell (born April 14, 1980 in Nepean, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently a free agent.	Derek Campbell	ice hockey
sport	The 2007 Croatia Open Umag was the 18th edition of the Croatia Open Umag tennis tournament.	2007 Croatia Open Umag	tennis
sport	The 2010 FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women was an international basketball competition, held in Toulouse and Rodez, France from July 16--25, 2010.	2010 FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women	basketball
sport	The European Mixed Curling Championship was a mixed curling tournament held annually in the autumn for European nations.	European Mixed Curling Championship	curling
sport	María Josefina Sruoga (23 August 1990) is an Argentine field hockey player.	Josefina Sruoga	field hockey
sport	The Grinnell System, sometimes referred to as The System, is a fast-tempo style of basketball developed by coach Dave Arseneault at Grinnell College in Grinnell, Iowa, USA.	Grinnell System	basketball
sport	Ognjen Kuzmić (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Кузмић, IPA: (ǒɡɲen kûzmit͡ɕ); born May 16, 1990) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Panathinaikos of the Greek Basket League.	Ognjen Kuzmić	basketball
sport	Bernard Hopkins vs. Chad Dawson was a boxing match contested for both the WBC and The Ring light heavyweight championships.	Bernard Hopkins vs. Chad Dawson	boxing
sport	Lindsay Hairston (born December 8, 1951 in Detroit, Michigan) is a retired professional basketball player who spent one season in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the Detroit Pistons during the 1975--76 season.	Lindsay Hairston	basketball
sport	The 2007 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B was the third edition of the Division B of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, the second tier level of European basketball.	2007 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B	basketball
sport	The CVS Health Charity Classic is a professional golf tournament.	CVS Health Charity Classic	golf
sport	Peter Draisaitl (born December 7, 1965) is a Czech-born German former professional ice hockey centre and Olympian.	Peter Draisaitl	ice hockey
sport	Eddie Donovan (June 2, 1922, Elizabeth, New Jersey -- January 20, 2001) was a professional basketball coach and executive.	Eddie Donovan	basketball
sport	Dayán Viciedo Pérez (born March 10, 1989) is a Cuban professional baseball outfielder for the Chunichi Dragons of the Nippon Professional Baseball League (NPB).	Dayán Viciedo	baseball
sport	The 2003 Shanghai Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Shanghai in the People's Republic of China and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour.	2003 Shanghai Open	tennis
sport	The 2011 Rugby World Cup was the seventh Rugby World Cup, a quadrennial international rugby union competition inaugurated in 1987.	2011 Rugby World Cup	rugby
sport	The 1957 Bandy World Championship was contested between three men's bandy playing nations and was the first ever Bandy World Championship.	1957 Bandy World Championship	bandy
sport	The Lethbridge Broncos were a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League from 1974 until 1986.	Lethbridge Broncos	ice hockey
sport	Anton Burdasov (born May 9, 1991 in Chelyabinsk) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward.	Anton Burdasov	ice hockey
sport	The CONCACAF Giants Cup was an international association football club competition held in 2001 to replace CONCACAF Cup Winners Cup.	CONCACAF Giants Cup	association football
sport	Clarisse Machanguana (born 4 October 1976) is a professional women's basketball player from Mozambique.	Clarisse Machanguana	basketball
sport	The Kozły Poznań (English: Goats Poznań) are an American football team based in Poznań, Poland, which currently competes in the Topliga, the top division of Polish American Football League.	Kozły Poznań	American football
sport	The NWA World Middleweight Championship was a professional wrestling championship in the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) between 1939 and 2010.	NWA World Middleweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Ellen Kiessling (born 17 February 1968) is a German former track and field athlete who was a middle-distance specialist.	Ellen Kiessling	track and field
sport	Chevakata Vologda (Russian: Вологда-Чеваката) is a Russian women's basketball club from Vologda playing in the Russian Premier League.	Chevakata Vologda	basketball
sport	Rory Kockott (born 25 June 1986 in East London, South Africa) is a South African-born French international rugby union player, who attended Selborne College.	Rory Kockott	rugby union
sport	Simone Greiner-Petter-Memm (born September 15, 1967 in Jena, as Simone Greiner-Petter) is a German cross country skier and biathlete who competed from 1987 to 1997 in cross country skiing and from 1992 to 2000 in biathlon.	Simone Greiner-Petter-Memm	biathlon
sport	The 2012 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship was a beach volleyball event, that was held from November 7 to 10, 2013 in Wuhan, China.	2012 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship	beach volleyball
sport	The 2013 San Marino CEPU Open was a professional tennis tournament plays on clay courts.	2013 San Marino CEPU Open	tennis
sport	Bijapur Bulls is franchise cricket team representing Gulbarga zone, Karnataka in the Karnataka Premier League (KPL).	Bijapur Bulls	cricket
sport	Adolfo Cambiaso (born April 15, 1975 in Cañuelas, Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine polo player with a 10-goal handicap.	Adolfo Cambiaso	polo
sport	Lorne Smith (1928--2002) was an ice hockey player and later a coach who played defence.	Lorne Smith	ice hockey
sport	Angela Marino (born 3 February 1986) is a New Zealand professional women's basketball player currently playing for the Adelaide Lightning in the Women's National Basketball League.	Angela Marino	basketball
sport	Hong-Chih Kuo (Chinese: 郭泓志; pinyin: Guō Hóngzhì; Wade--Giles: Kuo1 Hung2 Chih4; born July 23, 1981 in Tainan, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese professional baseball pitcher.	Hong-Chih Kuo	baseball
sport	Philippe Cavoret (born January 11, 1968 in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie) is a French skeleton racer who competed from 1992 to 2006.	Philippe Cavoret	skeleton
sport	Oliver Golding (born 29 September 1993) is an English tennis player and former child actor.	Oliver Golding	tennis
sport	The South Queensland Crushers were an Australian rugby league football club based in Brisbane, Queensland.	South Queensland Crushers	rugby league
sport	Grażyna Szmacińska (born 29 January 1953) is a Polish chess player who six times won the Polish Women's Chess Championship.	Grażyna Szmacińska	chess
sport	Craig Callahan (born May 26, 1981) is an American-born naturalized Italian professional basketball player who currently plays for Pallacanestro Varese of the Lega Basket Serie A.	Craig Callahan	basketball
sport	The 2013 Philippine Collegiate Championship was the sixth edition of the Philippine Collegiate Champions League (PCCL), the postseason tournament to determine the national collegiate champions in basketball organized by the Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas (SBP), the national basketball federation.	2013 Philippine Collegiate Championship	basketball
sport	The TCL Classic was a men's professional golf tournament which was played on a course designed by American Robert Trent Jones, Jr. at Yalong Bay Golf Club in Sanya on Hainan Island, People's Republic of China four times between 2002 and 2007.	TCL Classic	golf
sport	The 2004 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2004-2005 figure skating season.	2004 Dutch Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Apertura 2014 Copa MX Final was the final of the Apertura 2014 Copa MX, the fifth edition of the Copa MX under its current format and 72nd overall organized by the Mexican Football Federation, the governing body of association football in Mexico.	Apertura 2014 Copa MX Final	association football
sport	The 1989 Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse was a men's tennis tournament played on Indoor Carpet in Toulouse, France that was part of the Regular Series of the 1989 Grand Prix tennis circuit.	1989 Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse	tennis	tennis
sport	Hillclimbing (also known as hill climbing, speed hillclimbing or speed hill climbing) is a branch of motorsport in which drivers compete against the clock to complete an uphill course.	Hillclimbing	motorsport
sport	Hans Moldenhauer (born 10 April 1901 - 29 December 1929) was Germany's first major international tennis player, competing in Wimbledon, the Davis Cup and the French Open, and repeatedly winning the German national Championships both as a single player and in mixed doubles.	Hans Moldenhauer	tennis
sport	The Guarujá Open was a men's tennis tournament held in Guarujá, Brazil.	Guarujá Open	tennis
sport	Souths Rugby Club, or Souths is an Australian rugby union club based in Brisbane that currently plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby club competition.	Souths Rugby	rugby union
sport	Ronald Petrovický (born February 15, 1977 in Žilina, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak ice hockey right wing formerly playing for Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) team Dinamo Riga.	Ronald Petrovický	ice hockey
sport	The British and Irish Cup is an annual rugby union competition for second tier, semi-professional clubs and the reserves or developing teams from professional clubs from Britain and Ireland.	British and Irish Cup	rugby union
sport	The 2007 Danish Figure Skating Championships (Danish: Danmarks Mesterskaberne 2007) were the Danish Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season.	2007 Danish Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Panagiotis Gionis (born January 7, 1980) is a Greek table tennis player and a dentist.	Panagiotis Gionis	table tennis
sport	Barbara Potter (born October 22, 1961) is a former tennis player from the United States, who competed professionally on the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour, winning six singles titles and nineteen doubles titles.	Barbara Potter	tennis
sport	Woodville Football Club was an Australian rules football club that competed in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) from 1964 to 1990, when it merged with the West Torrens Football Club to form the Woodville-West Torrens Eagles.	Woodville Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Havant Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in Havant, Hampshire, England.	Havant Hockey Club	field hockey
sport	Julien Ingrassia made his debut in rallying in 2002 at the Critérium des Cévennes.	Julien Ingrassia	rallying
sport	Carlos Ignacio Fernández Lobbe (born 20 November 1974 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine rugby union footballer.	Carlos Ignacio Fernández Lobbe	rugby union
sport	Dražen Petrović (pronounced (drǎʒɛn pɛ̌trɔʋit͡ɕ); October 22, 1964 -- June 7, 1993) was a Croatian professional basketball player.	Dražen Petrović	basketball
sport	Marko Tuulola (born February 7, 1971 in Hämeenlinna, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman.	Marko Tuulola	ice hockey
sport	The 1924 Australasian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor Grass courts at the Warehouseman's Cricket Ground in Melbourne, Australia from 19 January to 26 January.	1924 Australasian Championships	tennis
sport	Alex Kemp was a Scottish association football Full back who played professionally in Canada and the United States.	Alex Kemp	association football
sport	Robert Lindstedt (born 19 March 1977) is a Swedish professional tennis player, who turned pro in 1998, and is a doubles specialist.	Robert Lindstedt	tennis
sport	Association Sportive Nancy-Lorraine (French pronunciation: ​(a.sɔ.sja.sjɔ̃ spɔrtɪv nɑ̃si-lɔʁɛn), commonly known as AS Nancy-Lorraine, AS Nancy, ASNL, or simply Nancy) is a French association football club based in Nancy, Lorraine.	AS Nancy	association football
sport	Zaiga Jansone-Ivanova (born January 24, 1951, Riga, Latvian SSR) is a former Soviet Latvian tennis player and tennis coach.	Zaiga Jansone	tennis
sport	Vitali Samoilov (Latvian: Vitālijs Samoilovs) (born 17 April 1962 in Riga, Soviet Union) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League.	Vitali Samoilov	ice hockey
sport	Josef Horešovský (born July 18, 1946 in Žilina u Kladna, Czechoslovakia) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga.	Josef Horešovský	ice hockey
sport	Danzandorjiin Miroslava born Miroslava Dagbaeva (born 14 August 1987) is a Buryat Mongol athlete from Mongolia who competes in archery (since 2013).	Miroslava Dagbaeva	archery
sport	Anthony Corbett (born 8 June 1962) is a retired Jamaican association football defender.	Anthony Corbett	association football
sport	Nélson Baptista Júnior, usually known as Nelsinho Baptista (born July 22, 1950), is a former association football right back and is currently a manager.	Nelsinho Baptista	association football
sport	The 1975 PBA Second Conference Finals (officially named as the 1975 PBA Open Conference Finals) was the best-of-5 basketball championship series of the 1975 PBA Second Conference, and the conclusion of the conference's playoffs.	1975 PBA Second Conference Finals	basketball
sport	The Dutch Basketball League (DBL), formerly the Eredivisie, is the highest professional basketball league in the Netherlands.	Dutch Basketball League	basketball
sport	Jakub Vrána (born February 28, 1996) is a Czech professional ice hockey Centre.	Jakub Vrána	ice hockey
sport	Nick Stiles (born 17 October 1973) is an Australian professional rugby union coach and a former player for Queensland and Australia as a loosehead prop.	Nick Stiles	rugby union
sport	The Portland Buckaroos was the name of several professional ice hockey teams based in Portland, Oregon.	Portland Buckaroos	ice hockey
sport	José Velázquez (full name was José Guadalupe Velázquez Alarcón) (August 12, 1923--1959) was a Mexican association football player who competed primarily in the México Primera División.	José Velázquez	association football
sport	Barsbütteler SV is a German association football club from the city of Barsbüttel, Schleswig-Holstein	Barsbütteler SV	association football
sport	The Cleveland Fusion is a women's professional American football team based in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Cleveland Fusion	American football
sport	Jayna Hefford (born May 14, 1977) is a women's ice hockey player.	Jayna Hefford	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 European Junior Baseball Championship was an under-18 international baseball competition held in Gijón, Spain from July 4 to July 10, 2011.	2011 European Junior Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	Amir Hosseini (Persian: امیر حسینی‎‎, born 23 July 1975 in Mashhad) is a retired Iranian volleyball player who played as a setter for the Iranian national team.	Amir Hosseini	volleyball
sport	Mirna Jukić (born 9 April 1986) is a retired Austrian swimmer of Croatian origin who won a bronze medal in both short course and long course at the world championships in swimming.	Mirna Jukić	swimming
sport	Mack Tuck (born February 21, 1975) is a retired American basketball player and current coach born in Mineola, Texas.	Mack Tuck	basketball
sport	Sándor Takács (10 February 1893 -- 22 April 1932) was a Hungarian chess master, born Károly Sydlauer in Miskolc, Hungary.	Sándor Takács	chess
sport	The 1995 Tokyo Indoor also known as ``Seiko Super Tennis'' was a tennis tournament played on Indoor Carpet Courts in Tokyo in Japan that was part of the IBM 1995 ATP Tour and was an ATP Championship Series event, today known as the ATP World Tour 500 series.	1995 Tokyo Indoor	tennis
sport	The 2008 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game played on February 17, 2008 at the New Orleans Arena in New Orleans, Louisiana, home of the New Orleans Hornets.	2008 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	Garrett Stafford (born January 28, 1980) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman, currently an unrestricted free agent.	Garrett Stafford	ice hockey
sport	Metal Ligaen is the premier league in Danish ice hockey.	Metal Ligaen	ice hockey
sport	The NSL Second Division (also referred to as the OK League for sponsorship reasons), was a South African association football league.	NSL Second Division	association football
sport	The South African rebel tours were a series of seven cricket tours staged between 1982 and 1990.	South African rebel tours	cricket
sport	Iivo Nei (born 31 October 1931 in Tartu) is an Estonian chess master.	Iivo Nei	chess
sport	The Gosford Kariong Storm (formally known as Gosford Giants, Gosford Townies, Kariong Kookaburras) is a rugby league club based on the Central Coast, New South Wales region of Australia.	Gosford Kariong Storm	rugby league
sport	Slobodan Kovač (born September 13, 1967 in Veliko Gradište) is a Serbian former volleyball player and current coach.	Slobodan Kovač	volleyball
sport	The 2000 Kremlin Cup was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow in Russia that was part of the International Series of the 2000 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2000 WTA Tour.	2000 Kremlin Cup	tennis
sport	Robbie Weingard (born May 15, 1963) is an American former basketball player known for his college career at Hofstra University.	Robbie Weingard	basketball
sport	Doğuş Balbay (Turkish pronunciation: (doˈɰuʃ balˈbaj), born 21 January 1989) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for Anadolu Efes Istanbul of the Turkish Basketball League (TBL).	Doğuş Balbay	basketball
sport	The 1977 Claxton Shield was the 38th annual Claxton Shield, an Australian national baseball tournament.	1977 Claxton Shield	baseball
sport	The NWA Shockwave Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship in NWA Shockwave (NWA-SW) and the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).	NWA Shockwave Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Darko Planinić (born November 22, 1990) is a Croatian professional basketball player who currently plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia of the Liga ACB and the Euroleague.	Darko Planinić	basketball
sport	The Premier League Player of the Season is an annual association football award presented to players in England, which recognises the most outstanding player in the Premier League each season.	Premier League Player of the Season	association football
sport	David Dadunashvili (geo: დავით დადუნაშვილი; born Kutaisi, 27 January 1982) is a Georgian rugby union player.	David Dadunashvili	rugby union
sport	The NWL/HoPWF Hardcore Championship is the secondary professional wrestling title in the National Wrestling League promotion.	HoPWF Hardcore Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Renzo Gobbo (born January 13, 1961 in Castelfranco Veneto) is the Italian association football former manager of Sambonifacese and former player.	Renzo Gobbo	association football
sport	The 2010 Canada Masters (also known as the 2010 Rogers Cup presented by National Bank and the 2010 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Canada.	2010 Rogers Cup	tennis
sport	Cody Balogh (born February 14, 1986 in Fort Benning, Georgia) is a former American football offensive lineman.	Cody Balogh	American football
sport	The Memphis Invitational was a men's professional golf event played in 1945 and 1946.	Memphis Invitational	golf
sport	Arnaud Costes (born 16 June 1973 in Tulle, France) is a French former international rugby union footballer who also played for France national team.	Arnaud Costes	rugby union
sport	Vladimir Zubkov (born January 14, 1958 in Moscow, Russia) is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League for HC Spartak Moscow and HC CSKA Moscow.	Vladimir Zubkov	ice hockey
sport	Meredith McGrath (born April 28, 1971) is a former professional tennis player.	Meredith McGrath	tennis
sport	The 2014 Pan American Men's Handball Championship, was the 16th official competition for senior men's national handball teams of North, Center, Caribbean and South America.	2014 Pan American Men's Handball Championship	handball
sport	The Coquitlam Express are a Junior ``A'' ice hockey team based in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada.	Coquitlam Express	ice hockey
sport	Denise Curry (born August 22, 1959) is an American former basketball player and college and professional basketball coach.	Denise Curry	basketball
sport	Metin Şahin (born January 10, 1963 in Konya, Turkey) is a European champion Turkish former taekwondo practitioner, who serves as the president of the Turkey Taekwondo Federation since 2003.	Metin Şahin	taekwondo
sport	The 1996 America's Red Clay Court Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Sportsplex in Coral Springs, Florida in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour.	1996 America's Red Clay Court Championships	tennis
sport	The 2002 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour.	2002 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon	tennis
sport	FFS Arena is a hall for handball matches and public events in Lund, Sweden.	FFS Arena	handball
sport	The Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame is part of the Vapriikki Museum Centre in Tampere, Finland and was created in 1979 to honor those individuals who have contributed to Finnish ice hockey.	Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame	ice hockey
sport	Shelby Cannon (born August 19, 1966, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American retired professional tennis player.	Shelby Cannon	tennis
sport	Wyant Group Raceway (formerly Auto Clearing Motor Speedway) is a paved oval auto racing facility located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Wyant Group Raceway	auto racing
sport	The All Japan Ice hockey Championship (全日本アイスホッケー選手権大会) is an annual ice hockey tournament for Japanese teams, that began in 1930, making the tournament one of the oldest sporting competitions in the country.	All Japan Ice hockey Championship	ice hockey
sport	Adarrial Smylie is an American former basketball player known for his collegiate career at Southern University between 1997--98 and 1999--2000.	Adarrial Smylie	basketball
sport	Peter Doohan (born 2 May 1961) is a former tennis player from Australia, who won one singles title (1984, Adelaide) and five doubles titles during his career.	Peter Doohan	tennis
sport	Winston Frederick Churchill Guest (May 20, 1906 -- October 25, 1982), was an Anglo-American polo champion and a member of the Guest family of Britain.	Winston Frederick Churchill Guest	polo
sport	Dmytro Pashytskyy (born 29 November 1987) is a Ukrainian volleyball player, a member of Polish club Asseco Resovia Rzeszów, Estonian Champion (2010).	Dmytro Pashytskyy	volleyball
sport	Maria Ulrika Kalte, born 19 May 1970 in Skärholmen, Sweden is a Swedish former association football player.	Ulrika Kalte	association football
sport	Andrew Fields is a collegiate basketball coach and a retired American professional basketball player.	Andrew Fields	basketball
sport	Silvija Erdelji (Serbian Cyrillic: Силвија Ердељи, born May 28, 1979 in Senta) is a Serbian table tennis player.	Silvija Erdelji	table tennis
sport	EHC Chur Capricorns (former EHC Chur Sport AG) is a Swiss ice hockey team based in Chur, Switzerland which played until 2008 in National League B.	EHC Chur	ice hockey
sport	Ricardo Primitivo González (born May 12, 1925) is an Argentine former basketball player of Club Atlético Palermo, one of the oldest clubs in Palermo, who captained the Argentine national team that won the 1950 FIBA World Championship.	Ricardo Primitivo González	basketball
sport	Janet Hopps Adkisson (born 1934) was an American tennis player.	Janet Hopps Adkisson	tennis
sport	Ojārs Siliņš (born 20 July 1993) is a Latvian professional basketball player who plays for Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia in the Italian Serie A. He plays at both forward positions.	Ojārs Siliņš	basketball
sport	Zdeněk Jarkovský (3 October 1918 in Nový Bydžov, Austria-Hungary -- 8 November 1948 in La Manche) was an ice hockey player for the Czechoslovak national team.	Zdeněk Jarkovský	ice hockey
sport	Sargis Sargsian (Armenian: Սարգիս Սարգսյան, born 3 June 1973) is a former professional tennis player from Armenia.	Sargis Sargsian	tennis
sport	The 1996 Acura Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Manhattan Country Club in Manhattan Beach, California in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1996 WTA Tour.	1996 Acura Classic	tennis
sport	John Weisbrod (born November 8, 1968) is a retired American professional ice hockey center and current assistant general manager for the Vancouver Canucks.	John Weisbrod	ice hockey
sport	The Turning Stone Resort Championship was a PGA Tour professional golf tournament.	Turning Stone Resort Championship	golf
sport	Jason Cain (born March 31, 1985) is a professional basketball player who currently plays for Petro Atlético de Luanda in Angola's BIC Basket league.	Jason Cain	basketball
sport	The 1996 UEFA Futsal Championship was the 1st official edition of the UEFA-governed European Championship for national futsal teams.	1996 UEFA Futsal Championship	futsal
sport	Yogev Ohayon (Hebrew: יוגב אוחיון‎; born April 24, 1987) is an Israeli professional basketball player who currently plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Super League.	Yogev Ohayon	basketball
sport	Sutor Basket Montegranaro, is an amateur Italian basketball club based in Montegranaro, Marche.	Sutor Basket Montegranaro	basketball
sport	The 2008 Women's Six Nations Championship, also known as the 2008 RBS Women's 6 Nations due to the tournament's sponsorship by the Royal Bank of Scotland, was the seventh series of the rugby union Women's Six Nations Championship.	2008 Women's Six Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	Kasagake or Kasakake (笠懸, かさがけ lit. ``hat shooting'') is a type of Japanese mounted archery.	Kasagake	archery
sport	The St Kilda Football Club, nicknamed The Saints, is an Australian rules football club, based in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	St Kilda Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Paris-Levallois Basket is a French professional basketball club from the Paris area.	Paris-Levallois Basket	basketball
sport	The New Haven Nighthawks were a former ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League from 1972 to 1992.	New Haven Nighthawks	ice hockey
sport	Joe Ansbro (Born Glasgow, 29 October 1985) is a former Scottish international professional rugby union player.	Joe Ansbro	rugby union
sport	Futura Volley Busto Arsizio is a women's volleyball club based in Busto Arsizio, in the province of Varese, Italy.	Futura Volley Busto Arsizio	volleyball
sport	Eric Elwood is a former Irish rugby union player from Galway.	Eric Elwood	rugby union
sport	2010 Bamberg Super Cup was a mini-tournament held between 4 European national basketball teams in preparation for the 2010 FIBA World Championship.	2010 Bamberg Super Cup	basketball
sport	Chris Czekaj (born 14 December 1985) is a Wales International rugby union player, who plays Fullback or on the Wing for Cardiff Blues.	Chris Czekaj	rugby union
sport	The Baseball Federation of Asia is the governing body of the sport of baseball in Asia.	Baseball Federation of Asia	baseball
sport	L'Hospitalet Pioners (Catalan pronunciation: (ɫuspitəˈɫɛt piuˈnes), ``L'Hospitalet Pioneers'') is an American football team based in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Catalonia (Spain).	L'Hospitalet Pioners	American football
sport	Bill Westwater was an early twentieth-century Scottish-Canadian association football wing forward who played in Scotland, Canada and the United States.	Bill Westwater	association football
sport	The Portage Terriers are a Canadian junior ``A'' ice hockey team from Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada.	Portage Terriers	ice hockey
sport	Osmani Urrutia Ramírez (also spelled Osmany) (born June 29, 1976 in Jobabo, Las Tunas Province, Cuba) is a Cuban baseball player.	Osmani Urrutia	baseball
sport	The Windsor Wild were an ice hockey team based in Windsor, Quebec that played in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey (LNAH).	Windsor Wild	ice hockey
sport	Kevin Heijstek (born April 19, 1988) is a Dutch professional baseball pitcher, for Amsterdam Pirates in the Dutch Baseball League.	Kevin Heijstek	baseball
sport	The 2004 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2004--2005 figure skating season.	2004 Pavel Roman Memorial	figure skating
sport	Tony Duggan, (born 29 August 1978 in Australia) is a professional rugby league player for the FC.Lezignan in the Elite One Championship.	Tony Duggan	rugby league
sport	Joe Frazier vs. George Foreman, billed as ``The Sunshine Showdown'', was a professional boxing match in Jamaica contested on January 22, 1973 for the WBA, WBC and The Ring heavyweight championships.	Joe Frazier vs. George Foreman	boxing
sport	Nathan Crosswell (born 3 August 1979) is a retired Australian professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball League from 1999--2013.	Nathan Crosswell	basketball
sport	Pallacanestro Treviso, named Benetton Basket due to a long running sponsorship by the Benetton Group and widely referred to as Benetton Treviso, is an Italian youth basketball club based in Treviso, Veneto.	Pallacanestro Treviso	basketball
sport	The Waverley Falcons are a basketball club from Melbourne, Victoria competing in the semi-professional Big V.	Waverley Falcons	basketball
sport	Montpellier Hérault Sport Club (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃pəlje eʁo spɔʁ klœb); commonly referred to as Montpellier HSC or simply Montpellier) is a French association football club based in the city of Montpellier.	Montpellier HSC	association football
sport	Beatrix Kisházi (born October 13, 1946, Budapest) is a retired Hungarian table tennis player.	Beatrix Kisházi	table tennis
sport	The 2014 CONCACAF Girls' U-15 Championship is an association football tournament that took place in the Cayman Islands during August 2014.	2014 CONCACAF Girls' U-15 Championship	association football
sport	Derrick Gervin (born March 28, 1963) is a retired American professional basketball player born in Detroit, Michigan.	Derrick Gervin	basketball
sport	Thomas Castaignède (born 21 January 1975) is a former French rugby union footballer from Mont-de-Marsan, Gascony.	Thomas Castaignède	rugby union
sport	Nana Fujimoto (born March 3, 1989 in Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan) is a Japanese ice hockey player for the New York Riveters and the Japanese national team.	Nana Fujimoto	ice hockey
sport	Constant Ferdinand Burille (born 30 August 1866 -- died October 1914, Boston) was an American chess master.	Constant Ferdinand Burille	chess
sport	The Lorraine Open is a defunct tennis tournament that was played as part of the Grand Prix tennis circuit from 1979--1989.	Lorraine Open	tennis
sport	Lasse Heikkilä (born May 27, 1934 in Pori, Finland) is a retired professional ice hockey player and coach who played in the SM-liiga.	Lasse Heikkilä	ice hockey
sport	Camilla Carstens (born 6 February 1977) is a Norwegian team handball player.	Camilla Carstens	handball
sport	The 2015 FFA Cup was the second season of the FFA Cup, the main national association football knockout cup competition in Australia.	2015 FFA Cup	association football
sport	The 2003 Idea Prokom Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Sopot, Poland, that was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour.	2003 Idea Prokom Open	tennis
sport	Richard Pool-Jones (born 22 October 1969) is an English former rugby union player and current coach.	Richard Pool-Jones	rugby union
sport	Georgios Kalaitzis (alternate spelling: Giorgos) (Greek: Γιώργος Καλαϊτζής); born August 29, 1976 in Thessaloniki, Greece) is a retired Greek professional basketball player and basketball coach.	Georgios Kalaitzis	basketball
sport	Ernest Cameron Schilling (born October 7, 1988), is an American professional ice hockey defenseman.	Cameron Schilling	ice hockey
sport	TED Ankara Kolejliler Spor Kulübü, more commonly known as TED Ankara Kolejliler is a professional basketball team from the city of Ankara in Turkey.	TED Ankara Kolejliler	basketball
sport	Ka Mate is the most widely known haka in New Zealand and elsewhere because it has traditionally been performed by the All Blacks, New Zealand's international rugby union team, as well as the Kiwis, New Zealand's international rugby league team, immediately prior to test (international) matches.	Ka Mate	rugby union
sport	Jean Condom (born August 15, 1960 in Saint-André-de-Seignanx) is a retired French international rugby union player.	Jean Condom	rugby union
sport	Brian Goorjian (born 28 July 1953) is an American basketball coach.	Brian Goorjian	basketball
sport	Maciej Zajder (born January 31, 1988 in Łask, Poland) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team and Polish club Indykpol AZS Olsztyn.	Maciej Zajder	volleyball
sport	Team Katusha (Russian: Катюша, UCI team code: KAT) is a Russian road bicycle racing team which competes using Canyon bikes.	Team Katusha	road bicycle racing
sport	Adam Quick (bon 1 September 1981) is an Australian professional basketball player, formally of the Australian National Basketball League (NBL).	Adam Quick	basketball
sport	Ben Mowen (born 1 December 1984) is an Australian professional rugby union player.	Ben Mowen	rugby union
sport	Muhamed Toromanović (born 9 April 1984) is a Bosnian handball player who currently plays for Creteil and the Bosnian national handball team.	Muhamed Toromanović	handball
sport	The 2005 UEFA Super Cup was an association football match between Liverpool of England and CSKA Moscow of Russia on 26 August 2005 at Stade Louis II, Monaco, the annual UEFA Super Cup contested between the winners of the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup.	2005 UEFA Super Cup	association football
sport	Jonas Liwing (born January 29, 1983 in Stockholm) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Hamburg Freezers in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Jonas Liwing	ice hockey
sport	Rogier Wassen (born 9 August 1976) is a Dutch tennis player who competed regularly on the ATP Tour as a doubles player from 1994 to 2011.	Rogier Wassen	tennis
sport	Alicia Molik (born 27 January 1981) is an Australian former professional tennis player.	Alicia Molik	tennis
sport	The HSBC Brazil Cup was an international golf exhibition tournament, sanctioned by the LPGA Tour and first played in 2009.	HSBC Brazil Cup	golf
sport	The 2012 Asian Tour was the 18th season of the modern Asian Tour, the main men's professional golf tour in Asia excluding Japan, since it was established in 1995.	2012 Asian Tour	golf
sport	The 1990 OTB International Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1990 ATP Tour.	1990 OTB International Open	tennis
sport	The 2014 Arab Cup U-17 was the third edition of the Arab Cup U-17, an association football tournament between Arabic countries.	2014 Arab Cup U-17	association football
sport	The 2015 Sunshine Tour was the 16th season of professional golf tournaments since the southern Africa based Sunshine Tour was relaunched in 2000, and the 9th since the tour switched a calendar based season in 2007.	2015 Sunshine Tour	golf
sport	Leonidas Kaselakis (Greek: Λεωνίδας Κασελάκης; born June 1, 1990) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Leonidas Kaselakis	basketball
sport	Leonardas Abramavičius (Leonhard Abramavicius) ( - died Kaunas 1960) was a Lithuanian chess player.	Leonardas Abramavičius	chess
sport	The 2011 LPGA Tour was a series of weekly golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world that began in Thailand on February 17, 2011 and had its last official event end on November 20, 2011 in Florida.	2011 LPGA Tour	golf
sport	Jesús Alonso Fernández, better known as Chus Alonso (born April 24, 1917 in Havana, Cuba - died August 9, 1979 in Madrid, Spain) was a Cuban-born, naturalized Spanish association football player.	Jesús Alonso Fernández	association football
sport	The Liberty Outdoor Classic was the first regular-season professional basketball game played outdoors.	Liberty Outdoor Classic	basketball
sport	Club Curupaytí is an Argentine rugby union club.	Curupaytí	rugby union
sport	Miles Zaharko (born April 30, 1957 in Mannville, Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player whose career extended from 1977 to 1984.	Miles Zaharko	ice hockey
sport	T. J. Frier (born August 17, 1977) is a former American football defensive tackle who played one season with the Los Angeles Avengers of the Arena Football League.	T. J. Frier	American football
sport	The 2010 Tuvalu A-Division was the tenth season of association football competition.	2010 Tuvalu A-Division	association football
sport	Daniel Babka (born March 30, 1972) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga.	Daniel Babka	ice hockey
sport	The Amsterdam Marathon (branded TCS Amsterdam Marathon for sponsorship reasons) is an annual marathon (42.195 km) in Amsterdam in the Netherlands since 1975.	Amsterdam Marathon	marathon
sport	Denagamage Praboth Mahela de Silva Jayawardene (Sinhalese: මහේල ජයවර්ධන; born 27 May 1977), known as Mahela Jayawardene, is a former Sri Lankan cricketer and captain of the Sri Lankan cricket team.	Mahela Jayawardene	cricket
sport	The Deutsche Bank Players Championship of Europe was an annual 72-hole stroke play professional golf tournament for men.	Deutsche Bank Players Championship of Europe	golf
sport	The São Tomé and Príncipe national football team is the national association football team of São Tomé and Príncipe and is controlled by the Federação Santomense de Futebol.	São Tomé and Príncipe national football team	association football
sport	The Fort Worth Cats were a professional baseball team based in Fort Worth, Texas, in the United States.	Fort Worth Cats	baseball
sport	The 1998 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy was the 20th edition of the Hockey Champions Trophy men's field hockey tournament.	1998 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy	field hockey
sport	Ronalda Pierce (February 23, 1985 -- June 8, 2004) was a Florida State University basketball player who died of an aneurysm.	Ronalda Pierce	basketball
sport	Dave Schellhase (born October 14, 1944) is a retired American collegiate basketball coach and former basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Dave Schellhase	basketball
sport	Denis Legersky (born March 25, 1987 in Liptovský Mikuláš, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak ice hockey player and coach.	Denis Legersky	ice hockey
sport	The 1990 Hopman Cup was the second edition to the Hopman Cup tennis event located at the Burswood Entertainment Complex in Perth, Australia.	1990 Hopman Cup	tennis
sport	Jan Leschly (born 11 September 1940) is a Danish businessman and former professional tennis player.	Jan Leschly	tennis
sport	The Deutsche Wertungszahl (abbreviation: DWZ, ger. German Evaluation Number) is an evaluation number in chess to compare the playing performance of individual players.	Deutsche Wertungszahl	chess
sport	The Oceania Cup is an international men's and women's field hockey competition organised by Oceania Hockey Federation (OHF).	Oceania Cup	field hockey
sport	Isaiah Whitehead (born March 8, 1995) is an American college basketball player who currently plays for the Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team.	Isaiah Whitehead	basketball
sport	OK Budvanska Rivijera Budva, is a professional volleyball team based in Budva, Montenegro.	Budvanska Rivijera Budva	volleyball
sport	Stavros Toutziarakis (in Greek: Σταύρος Τουτζιαράκης; born November 5, 1987) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Stavros Toutziarakis	basketball
sport	Woolwich Cricket Club was an English cricket club based in the town of Woolwich, Kent.	Woolwich Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Kamran Akmal is a quick-scoring batsman and a wicket-keeper, who has achieved 6 centuries in Test cricket.	Kamran Akmal	cricket
sport	Alexei Koznev (born October 3, 1975) is a Russian professional ice hockey Forward who currently plays for Vityaz Chekhov of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Alexei Koznev	ice hockey
sport	Stelios Ioannou (Greek: Στέλιος Ιωάννου; born July 28, 1987 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Stelios Ioannou	basketball
sport	Liudmila Belavenets (or Lyudmila Belavenets, Russian: Людмила Сергеевна Белавенец; born June 7, 1940, in Moscow) is a Russian woman International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster, the fourth ICCF Women's World Champion in correspondence chess (1984--1992).	Liudmila Belavenets	chess
sport	Currently Bulldog Stadium ranks 110th on the List of American football stadiums by capacity.	Bulldog Stadium	American football
sport	Danielle Goyette (born January 30, 1966 in St-Nazaire, Quebec) is a retired women's ice hockey player, and has been on the Canadian national team.	Danielle Goyette	ice hockey
sport	The 2013 WNBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game that was played on July 27, 2013 at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, CT, the current home of the Connecticut Sun. This was the 11th edition of the WNBA All-Star Game, and was played during the 2013 WNBA season.	2013 WNBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	The Wrocław Open (formerly known as KGHM Dialog Polish Indoors) is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	Wrocław Open	tennis
sport	Rafael Guijosa Castillo (born 31 January 1969 in Alcalá de Henares) is a former Spanish handball player, and current manager of Iran national handball team.	Rafael Guijosa	handball
sport	José Biriukov (born 3 February 1963) is a retired Spanish and Soviet professional basketball player.	José Biriukov	basketball
sport	Melville Cole Armstrong (born August 24, 1983 in Surrey, British Columbia) is a former professional baseball catcher, who has played in international competition with the Canada national baseball team.	Cole Armstrong	baseball
sport	The 1995 St. Petersburg Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in St. Petersburg, Russia at the Petersburg Sports and Concert Complex.	1995 St. Petersburg Open	tennis
sport	FC Zelenograd (Russian: Футбольный клуб ``Зеленоград'') is an association football club from Zelenograd, Moscow.	FC Zelenograd	association football
sport	The Richmond Virginians was the name of a minor league baseball Class AAA International League franchise that played in Richmond, Virginia, from 1954 through 1964.	Richmond Virginians	baseball
sport	The Milton Keynes Lightning are a semi-professional ice hockey team from Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, currently playing in the EPIHL.	Milton Keynes Lightning	ice hockey
sport	2011 Guam Men's Soccer League, officially named Budweiser Guam Men's Soccer League due to sponsorship reason, is the association football league of Guam.	2011 Guam Men's Soccer League	association football
sport	Dorji Dema (born October 16, 1983) is an athlete from Bhutan who competes in archery.	Dorji Dema	archery
sport	The 2008 ICC World Cricket League Africa Region Division Three was a cricket tournament in South Africa, taking place between 13 and 18 April 2008.	2008 ICC World Cricket League Africa Region Division Three	cricket
sport	Sava Ranđelović (Serbian Cyrillic: Сава Ранђеловић; born 17 July 1993) is a Serbian water polo player, who won an European Championship gold medal with Serbia in 2014, in Budapest, Hungary.	Sava Ranđelović	water polo
sport	The Epson Grand Prix of Europe was a European Tour golf tournament which was held annually from 1986 to 1991 at St. Pierre Golf & Country Club in Chepstow, South Wales.	Epson Grand Prix of Europe	golf
sport	Terrill Byrd is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent.	Terrill Byrd	American football
sport	The 2003 Spanish Figure Skating Championships (Spanish: Campeonato De España De Patinaje Sobre Hielo 2002-03) were the Spanish Figure Skating Championships of the 2002-2003 figure skating season.	2003 Spanish Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Sydney Johnson (born April 26, 1974) is an American college basketball coach and the current head coach at Fairfield University for the Fairfield Stags men's basketball team.	Sydney Johnson	basketball
sport	The Mexican Pacific League (Spanish: Liga Mexicana del Pacífico or LMP) is a winter baseball league in Mexico.	Mexican Pacific League	baseball
sport	Styliani Kaltsidou (Στυλιανή Καλτσίδου, born January 12, 1983), or Stella Kaltsidou (Στέλλα Καλτσίδου), is a Greek professional basketball player.	Styliani Kaltsidou	basketball
sport	VKP Bratislava is Slovak volleyball team based in Bratislava founded in 1946.	VKP Bratislava	volleyball
sport	SC Eisenstadt (Croatian: NK Željezno) was an Austrian association football club based in Eisenstadt.	SC Eisenstadt	association football
sport	Luke Stauffacher (born December 17, 1980 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American professional ice hockey player, currently playing for the Odessa Jackalopes of the Central Hockey League.	Luke Stauffacher	ice hockey
sport	The Chatham Cup, currently known as the ASB Chatham Cup for sponsorship purposes, is New Zealand's premier knockout tournament in men's association football.	Chatham Cup	association football
sport	Viktor Pankrashkin (Russian: Виктор Александрович Панкрашкин; 10 December 1957 - 24 July 1993) was a Soviet basketball player.	Viktor Pankrashkin	basketball
sport	Yaquelín Plutín Tizón (born July 9, 1979 in Majagua, Ciego de Ávila) is a women's basketball player from Cuba.	Yaquelín Plutín	basketball
sport	Randall Hough (born 1946) is a chess expert, and a former member of the Executive Board of the United States Chess Federation.	Randall Hough	chess
sport	Simon Line (born 1 November 1971) is an English association football manager who was in charge of Hednesford Town and Market Drayton Town.	Simon Line	association football
sport	Nyon Rugby Club is a Swiss rugby union football club based in Nyon, situated on the shores of lake Geneva between Geneva and Lausanne.	Nyon Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Tomáš Berdych (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtomaːʃ ˈbɛrdɪx); born September 17, 1985) is a Czech professional tennis player.	Tomáš Berdych	tennis
sport	Daniel Revenu is the son of French fencing coach Ernest Revenu, from Melun.	Daniel Revenu	fencing
sport	Tommy Earl (born June 10, 1947 in Niagara Falls, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 347 games in the World Hockey Association.	Tommy Earl	ice hockey
sport	Petr Kalus (born June 29, 1987 in Ostrava, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently wanted back with Nottingham Panthers.	Petr Kalus	ice hockey
sport	George Dickson (born September 27, 1923 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a retired American football player and coach was the head coach of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League for the first two games of the 1976 season.	George Dickson	American football
sport	Wheelchair rugby is played indoors on a hardwood court, and physical contact between wheelchairs is an integral part of the game - with the rules including elements from wheelchair basketball, ice hockey, handball and rugby union.	Wheelchair rugby	rugby union
sport	The Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association (JAAA) is the national governing body for the sport of athletics (including track and field, long-distance running and racewalking) in Jamaica.	Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association	sport of athletics
sport	The FC Oberlausitz Neugersdorf is a German association football club from the town of Neugersdorf in the Upper Lusatia (German:Oberlausitz) region of Saxony.	FC Oberlausitz Neugersdorf	association football
sport	The Quebec Caribou are a rugby union club based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Quebec Caribou	rugby union
sport	Lelo Saracens (or formally Rugby Club Lelo Tbilisi) is a Georgian semi-professional rugby union club from Tbilisi, who plays in the Georgia Championship, the first division of Georgian rugby.	Lelo Saracens	rugby union
sport	William Lance Berkman (born February 10, 1976), nicknamed ``Big Puma'', is a former American professional baseball outfielder and first baseman.	Lance Berkman	baseball
sport	The 1877 Wimbledon Championship was a men's tennis tournament held at the All England Croquet and Lawn Tennis Club (AEC & LTC) in Wimbledon, London.	1877 Wimbledon Championship	tennis
sport	The 2011 Rally Sweden was the opening round of 2011 World Rally Championship season.	2011 Rally Sweden	2011 World Rally Championship season
sport	The 2007 Women's South American Volleyball Championship was the 27th edition of the South American Volleyball Championship, organised by South America's governing volleyball body, the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol (CSV).	2007 Women's South American Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	Leadgate Park F.C. was an English association football club based in the village of Leadgate, County Durham.	Leadgate Park F.C.	association football
sport	Mohammad Ashraful (Bengali: মোহাম্মদ আশরাফুল) (born 7 July 1984) is a former Bangladeshi international cricket player who has represented the Bangladesh national cricket team.	Mohammad Ashraful	cricket
sport	Paddy Wallace (born 27 August 1979) is an Irish rugby union footballer from Belfast where he attended Rockport School and Campbell College.	Paddy Wallace	rugby union
sport	Shannon Brown (born November 29, 1985) is an American professional basketball player, who last played for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Shannon Brown	basketball
sport	Patrik Ćavar (born 24 March 1971 in Metković) is a retired Croatian handball player.	Patrik Ćavar	handball
sport	Yves Donguy born 1 January 1982 in Daloa (Côte d'Ivoire) is a rugby union player for Toulouse in the Top 14 competition.	Yves Donguy	rugby union
sport	CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea (Romanian: Clubul Sportiv Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea, lit. Sports Club Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea) was a Romanian women's handball club from Râmnicu Vâlcea sponsored by Oltchim.	CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea	handball
sport	BC Krasny Oktyabr is a Russian professional basketball club based in Volgograd, that plays in the VTB United League.	BC Krasny Oktyabr	basketball
sport	The 1988 Virginia Slims of Houston was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Westside Tennis Club in Houston, Texas in the United States and was part of Tier III of the 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 Virginia Slims of Houston	tennis
sport	The 1971 Memorial Cup was the 53rd annual Memorial Cup competition, organized by the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association (CAHA) to determine the champion of major junior A ice hockey.	1971 Memorial Cup	ice hockey
sport	The 2008 MAAC Men's Basketball Tournament was an NCAA college basketball tournament held at the Times Union Center in Albany, New York on March 7--10, 2007, to decide the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference champion.	2008 MAAC Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Dick Roberge (born April 7, 1934) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward and coach.	Dick Roberge	ice hockey
sport	Andrei Plekhanov (born 12 July 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for HC Sochi in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Andrei Plekhanov	ice hockey
sport	Serdar Apaydın (born 21 October 1966 in Turkey) is a retired Turkish professional basketball player and former assistant coach of Fenerbahçe Ülker.	Serdar Apaydın	basketball
sport	Dominique Daquin (born November 10, 1972 in Martinique) is a French volleyball player, who won the bronze medal with the France men's national volleyball team at the 2002 World Championship.	Dominique Daquin	volleyball
sport	Cortez Hankton (born January 20, 1981) is a former American football wide receiver who is currently an assistant coach at Vanderbilt University.	Cortez Hankton	American football
sport	Lukas Klapfer (born 25 December 1985) is an Austrian Nordic combined skier who has been competing since 2002.	Lukas Klapfer	Nordic combined
sport	Yuri Schukin (Russian: Ю́рий Ива́нович Щу́кин, born 26 June 1979 ) is a Russian-born Kazakhstani tennis player.	Yuri Schukin	tennis
sport	The 1998 Mercedes Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on Clay in Stuttgart, Germany, that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour.	1998 Mercedes Cup	tennis
sport	Dimitris Flionis (alternate spelling: Dimitrios) (Greek: Δημήτρης Φλιώνης; born April 8, 1997) is a Greek professional basketball player with Aris of the Greek Basket League.	Dimitris Flionis	basketball
sport	William Barthau is a French international rugby league footballer who currently plays for the London Broncos in the Kingstone Press Championship and the French national side.	William Barthau	rugby league
sport	Simone Parodi (born 16 June 1986) is an Italian volleyball player, a member of Italy men's national volleyball team and Italian club Cucine Lube Civitanova, a bronze medalist of the Olympic Games London 2012, FIVB World League (2013, 2014) and silver medalist of European Championship 2013.	Simone Parodi	volleyball
sport	The South Adelaide Football Club is an Australian rules football club that competes in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	South Adelaide Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Finnmarksløpet is the world's northernmost sled dog race.	Finnmarksløpet	sled dog race
sport	The CCNY point shaving scandal of 1950--51 was a college basketball point shaving gambling scandal that involved seven schools in all, with four in Greater New York and three in the Midwest.	CCNY point shaving scandal	basketball
sport	Colombo Hockey and Football Club (also known as CH & FC) is a Division 'A' rugby union team based in Colombo, Sri Lanka that competes in the Dialog Rugby League in Sri Lanka.	Colombo Hockey and Football Club	rugby union
sport	Jason Elliott (born 10 November 1975 in Inuvik, Northwest Territories), is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.	Jason Elliott	ice hockey
sport	The 2014 FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women was an international basketball competition held in Klatovy and Plzeň, Czech Republic, from 28 June to 6 July 2014.	2014 FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women	basketball
sport	The 1922 Australasian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor Grass courts at the White City Tennis Club, Sydney, Australia from 2 December to 9 December.	1922 Australasian Championships	tennis
sport	Davide Bresadola (born 10 September 1988) is an Italian Nordic combined athlete.	Davide Bresadola	Nordic combined
sport	Top Girls Fassa Bortolo (UCI team code: MIC) is a professional cycling team based in Italy, which competes in elite road bicycle racing events such as the UCI Women's Road World Cup and elite road races.	Top Girls Fassa Bortolo	road bicycle racing
sport	Helgi Ólafsson (born 15 August 1956) is an Icelandic chess grandmaster who won the Icelandic Chess Championship six times and, as of 2009, holds an Elo rating of 2522.	Helgi Ólafsson	chess
sport	Major Kerby Farrell (September 3, 1913 -- December 17, 1975) was an American professional baseball player, coach and manager.	Kerby Farrell	baseball
sport	Julie Coin (French pronunciation: ​(ʒyli kwɛ̃); born 2 December 1982) is a retired French professional tennis player.	Julie Coin	tennis
sport	Finnish Championship League (Rugbyn SM-sarja) is the premier rugby union competition in Finland, formed in 2002.	Finnish Championship League	rugby union
sport	The Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles was a European Tour golf tournament which was played at the Gleneagles Hotel in Scotland.	Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles	golf
sport	Lasse Boesen (born September 18, 1979) is a retired Danish team handball player.	Lasse Boesen	handball
sport	The 2006 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 2006 postseason college baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA, held at Reckling Park in Houston, Texas from May 24--	2006 Conference USA Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	Rob Walton (born 29 March 1949 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) was a professional ice hockey player in the World Hockey Association (WHA).	Rob Walton	ice hockey
sport	Miloš Babić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Бабић; born November 23, 1968) is a retired Serbian basketball player.	Miloš Babić	basketball
sport	The 2004 Chennai Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the SDAT Tennis Stadium in Chennai in India and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour.	2004 Chennai Open	tennis
sport	The 1985 Virginia Slims of Central New York was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Monticello, New York in the United States.	1985 Virginia Slims of Central New York	tennis
sport	The Socsargen Marlins were a professional basketball team in the defunct Metropolitan Basketball Association from 1998-2001.	Socsargen Marlins	basketball
sport	Ezzahra Sports, or EZS, is a Tunisian professional basketball club from Ezzahra.	Ezzahra Sports	basketball
sport	Murray Heatley (born November 7, 1948 in Calgary, Alberta) is a former Canadian ice hockey player.	Murray Heatley	ice hockey
sport	Gießen 46ers is a professional basketball club based in Gießen, Germany, that plays in the Basketball Bundesliga.	Gießen 46ers	basketball
sport	Leonardo Basile (born May 12, 1983 in Naples) is an Italian taekwondo practitioner.	Leonardo Basile	taekwondo
sport	Yakov Paparkov (Bulgarian: Яков Папарков) (born 6 February 1971) is a Bulgarian association football manager and former player who has served as the manager of Pirin Gotse Delchev.	Yakov Paparkov	association football
sport	Morten Green (born March 19, 1981) is a Danish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Danish team Rungsted Ishockey.	Morten Green	ice hockey
sport	RGC 1404, formerly Gogledd Cymru (Welsh for ``North Wales''; pronounced (ˈgɔglɛð ˈkəmrɨ)), is a rugby union development team announced by the Welsh Rugby Union in September 2008.	RGC 1404	rugby union
sport	Stephen Ferris (born 2 August 1985) is a retired Irish rugby union player who played for Ulster and represented Ireland internationally.	Stephen Ferris	rugby union
sport	Alexandra Cadanțu (born 3 May 1990) is a professional Romanian tennis player playing in the ITF Women's Circuit.	Alexandra Cadanțu	tennis
sport	Ron Parker (born August 17, 1987) is an American football Strong safety for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).	Ron Parker	American football
sport	Rødovre Mighty Bulls is the professional ice hockey team of the Rødovre Skating and Ice hockey Club (Rødovre Skøjte og Ishockey Klub - Rødovre SIK).	Rødovre Mighty Bulls	ice hockey
sport	Deryk Engelland (born April 3, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing with the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Deryk Engelland	ice hockey
sport	Ferit Gümüş (born January 1, 1981 in Kızıltepe, Mardin Province, Turkey) is a Turkish wheelchair basketball player and Paralympian.	Ferit Gümüş	basketball
sport	The Roxburgh Park Football Club is an Australian rules football club located 24 km north of Melbourne in the new housing estate of Roxburgh Park.	Roxburgh Park Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Shawntinice Polk (March 27, 1983 -- September 26, 2005) was an American women's basketball player who played at the University of Arizona.	Shawntinice Polk	basketball
sport	Michel Macquet (3 April 1932 -- 27 October 2002) was a French javelin thrower and handball player.	Michel Macquet	handball
sport	The John Nicholls Medal (formerly the Robert Reynolds Trophy from 1934-2003) is an Australian rules football award given to the player(s) adjudged Best and Fairest for the Carlton Football Club for the season.	John Nicholls Medal	Australian rules football
sport	The Women's Western Open was an American professional golf tournament which was first played in 1930.	Women's Western Open	golf
sport	HK Dukla Michalovce is an ice hockey team playing in the 1.Liga, and formed in 2000.	HK Dukla Michalovce	ice hockey
sport	Jesse Schultz (born September 28, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Right Winger who is currently playing with the Rapid City Rush of the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL).	Jesse Schultz	ice hockey
sport	Ryan Stuart is a Bahamian former basketball player who is best known for his college career at the University of Louisiana at Monroe between 1991--92 and 1992--93, which was known as Northeast Louisiana University when he attended.	Ryan Stuart	basketball
sport	EHC Olten is a Swiss professional ice hockey team based in Olten, Switzerland.	EHC Olten	ice hockey
sport	Benas Veikalas (born 24 September 1983) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, who currently plays for Sidigas Avellino of Lega Basket Serie A. He can play both guard positions, but prefers the shooting guard position.	Benas Veikalas	basketball
sport	James Haskell (born 2 April 1985) is an English rugby union player who currently plays for and captains Wasps in the Aviva Premiership and internationally for England.	James Haskell	rugby union
sport	The Nanaimo Clippers are a Junior ``A'' ice hockey team based in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada.	Nanaimo Clippers	ice hockey
sport	FIFA Manager (short: FIFAM) was an association football series of sport management games published by Electronic Arts.	FIFA Manager	association football
sport	Filipo Levi (born 6 September 1979 in Huntly, New Zealand) is a New Zealand-born Samoan rugby union footballer.	Filipo Levi	rugby union
sport	Noah Shepard is a former American football quarterback.	Noah Shepard	American football
sport	The Commercial Bank Qatar Masters is a golf tournament held at the Doha Golf Club in Doha, Qatar.	Qatar Masters	golf
sport	Michael Frolík (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪxaɛl ˈfroliːk); born February 17, 1988) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Michael Frolík	ice hockey
sport	Pál Kovács (17 July 1912 -- 8 July 1995) was a Hungarian athlete, who began as a hurdler, but eventually switched to fencing.	Pál Kovács	fencing
sport	FC Dynamo GTS Stavropol (Russian: ФК ``Динамо ГТС'' Ставрополь) was an association football club from Stavropol, Russia, founded in 1986.	FC Dynamo GTS Stavropol	association football
sport	Rodney Peete (born March 16, 1966) is a former American football quarterback from the University of Southern California (USC) who played in the National Football League (NFL) for 16 years.	Rodney Peete	American football
sport	Cricket Australia (CA), formerly known as the Australian Cricket Board (ACB), is the governing body for professional and amateur cricket in Australia.	Cricket Australia	cricket
sport	Jamal Williams (born April 28, 1976) is a former American football nose tackle who played in the National Football League (NFL) for thirteen seasons.	Jamal Williams	American football
sport	The Craven Week is an annual rugby union tournament organised for schoolboys in the Republic of South Africa.	Craven Week	rugby union
sport	The 2001 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships was an international women's boxing competition hosted by the United States from October 21 to 27 2001 in Scranton, Pennsylvania.	2001 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships	boxing
sport	The 2010 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup was the ninth edition of the annual women's volleyball tournament, played by eleven countries from 18--26 June 2010 in Rosarito and Tijuana, Mexico.	2010 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup	volleyball
sport	Román Alí Solís López (born September 29, 1987) is a Mexican professional baseball catcher in the Boston Red Sox organization.	Alí Solís	baseball
sport	The 2005 ICC Trophy was a cricket tournament held in Ireland between 1 July and 13 July.	2005 ICC Trophy	cricket
sport	John Fergus Slattery (born 12 February 1949 in Dún Laoghaire, Ireland) is a former rugby union player who represented Ireland.	Fergus Slattery	rugby union
sport	Amos Burn (1848--1925) was an English chess player, one of the world's leading players at the end of the 19th century, and a chess writer.	Amos Burn	chess
sport	BG Karlsruhe is a basketball club based in Karlsruhe, Germany that plays in the 2nd Basketball Bundesliga-Pro A. Their home arena is Europahalle.	BG Karlsruhe	basketball
sport	Kronos Racing was set up in 1994, and ran circuit racing and rallying programmes on behalf of Peugeot Belgium/Luxembourg.	Kronos Racing	rallying
sport	Shaimaa Abdul-Aziz (Arabic: شيماء عبد العزيز‎; born March 30, 1981 in Giza) is an Egyptian table tennis player.	Shaimaa Abdul-Aziz	table tennis
sport	Fumiko Okuno (Japanese: 奥野史子 Okuno Fumiko; born April 14, 1972 in Kyoto) is a former competitor in synchronized swimming from Japan.	Fumiko Okuno	synchronized swimming
sport	Helsinki Roosters is an American football team based in Helsinki, Finland.	Helsinki Roosters	American football
sport	The 1996 ITU Triathlon World Championships was a triathlon event held in Cleveland, Ohio, United States on 24 August 1996, organised by the International Triathlon Union.	1996 ITU Triathlon World Championships	triathlon
sport	World Hard Court Championships (WHCC) was an annual tennis tournament held from 1912 to 1923, principally in Paris, France.	World Hard Court Championships	tennis
sport	Major General Claude Ernest Pert CB, CVO, DSO (1898--1982) was a soldier and British India polo champion.	Claude Ernest Pert	polo
sport	Otakar Janecký (born December 26, 1960 in Pardubice, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Czech ice hockey forward.	Otakar Janecký	ice hockey
sport	The 2009 Malaysian Open (also known as the 2009 Proton Malaysian Open for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	2009 Proton Malaysian Open	tennis
sport	Manuela Mager finished her figure skating career 1980.	Manuela Mager	figure skating
sport	The Chinese Taipei national football team (Chinese: 中華台北男子足球代表隊; pinyin: Zhōnghuá táiběi nánzǐ zúqiú dàibiǎo duì) is the official name given by FIFA to the national association football team of the Republic of China (Taiwan, see Chinese Taipei for team naming issue).	Chinese Taipei national football team	association football
sport	Li Xiaoxia (simplified Chinese: 李晓霞; traditional Chinese: 李曉霞; pinyin: Lǐ Xiǎoxiá; born 16 January 1988) is a Chinese table tennis professional.	Li Xiaoxia	table tennis
sport	The Victorian Spirit are the women's representative cricket team for Victoria and compete in the Women's National Cricket League.	Victorian Spirit	cricket
sport	The Allianz Cup is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts.	Allianz Cup	tennis
sport	Elverum Fotball is the association football section of the sports club Elverum IL from Elverum, Norway.	Elverum Fotball	association football
sport	Tracey Ferguson is a Canadian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player.	Tracey Ferguson	basketball
sport	Shaun Draughn (/ˈdroʊn/ drone; born December 7, 1987) is an American football running back for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL).	Shaun Draughn	American football
sport	Daryl Lipsey (born 26 June 1963) is a Canadian professional player and coach of ice hockey.	Daryl Lipsey	ice hockey
sport	César Muñiz Fernández (born 18 May 1970, in Anderlecht, Brussels) is a Belgian-born Spaniard retired association football referee who operates in the top league of Spanish football, La Liga.	César Muñiz Fernández	association football
sport	AZS Poznań (in season 2003/2004 called Stary Browar AZS Poznań, in season 2002/2003: ) is a Polish women's basketball team based in Poznań and playing in the Sharp Torell Basket Liga.	AZS Poznań	basketball
sport	Craig Culpan (born May 17, 1982 in Vancouver, British Columbia and raised in Auckland, New Zealand) was a Canadian rugby union player.	Craig Culpan	rugby union
sport	The Peoria Pirates were a professional arena football team that last played in af2, the minor league to the Arena Football League.	Peoria Pirates	arena football
sport	The 1993 Peters NSW Open was the 1993 edition of the annually-held NSW Open tennis tournament.	1993 Peters NSW Open	tennis
sport	Pradeeban Peter-Paul (born May 17, 1977) is a Tamil Canadian table tennis player.	Pradeeban Peter-Paul	table tennis
sport	The ACW Heavyweight Championship was the top professional wrestling championship title in the American independent promotion Assault Championship Wrestling.	ACW Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Wins Above Replacement or Wins Above Replacement Player, commonly abbreviated to WAR or WARP, is a non-standardized sabermetric baseball statistic developed to sum up ``a player's total contributions to his team''.	Wins Above Replacement	baseball
sport	The Louisville Slugger Museum & Factory, a museum located in Louisville, Kentucky's ``Museum Row'' in the West Main District of downtown, showcases the history of the Louisville Slugger brand of baseball bats made by Hillerich & Bradsby, and of baseball in general.	Louisville Slugger Museum & Factory	baseball
sport	Jacques Rougerie (born May 11, 1948 in Pamiers, France) is a retired French international rugby union player and the father of another French international rugby union player, Aurélien Rougerie.	Jacques Rougerie	rugby union
sport	The 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was the World Championships for track cycling in 2012.	2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships	track cycling
sport	Julio César de Andrade Moura, more commonly known as Julinho (born October 31, 1965 in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil) is a former association football striker from Brazil, who obtained the Peruvian nationality.	Julio César de Andrade Moura	association football
sport	The 1995 Nokia Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Beijing in the People's Republic of China that was part of the World Series of the 1995 ATP Tour and of Tier IV of the 1995 WTA Tour.	1995 Nokia Open	tennis
sport	Sydney University Football Club, founded in 1863 (this date was disputed by historian Tom Hickie who argues that it was 1865), is the oldest club now playing rugby union in Australia.	Sydney University Football Club	rugby union
sport	The Western Professional Hockey League (abbreviated WPHL) is a defunct minor professional ice hockey league.	Western Professional Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Skal Labissière (French pronunciation: ​(labissjɛʁ); born March 18, 1996) is a Haitian basketball player who currently plays for the Kentucky Wildcats Men's Basketball Team.	Skal Labissière	basketball
sport	The Akron Wingfoots are one of the oldest basketball teams in the United States.	Akron Wingfoots	basketball
sport	The 2015 Asian Rugby Championship, was the inaugural series of the newly formatted Asian rugby union tournament for the ARFU region.	2015 Asian Rugby Championship	rugby union
sport	The Toronto Granites were an amateur senior ice hockey team from Toronto, Ontario.	Toronto Granites	ice hockey
sport	The 2004 Haarlem Baseball Week was an international baseball competition held at the Pim Mulier Stadium in Haarlem, the Netherlands from July 23 to August 1, 2004.	2004 Haarlem Baseball Week	baseball
sport	Borchert Field was a baseball park in the United States in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Borchert Field	baseball
sport	Vugar Gashimov (Azerbaijani: Vüqar Həşimov; 24 July 1986 -- 11 January 2014) was an Azerbaijani chess grandmaster.	Vugar Gashimov	chess
sport	Lev Taussig (born 1880 -- ?) was a Czech chess master.	Lev Taussig	chess
sport	AT&T Park is a baseball park located in the South Beach neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	AT&T Park	baseball
sport	Leo Klein Gebbink (born 9 January 1968 in Zelhem, Gelderland) is a former field hockey midfield player from The Netherlands, who represented his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics (1992 and 1996).	Leo Klein Gebbink	field hockey
sport	Wilson Washington Jr. (born August 3, 1955) is a retired American basketball player and a former assistant coach at Norfolk State University.	Wilson Washington	basketball
sport	Aaron Gorrell (born 31 March 1981 in Wollongong, New South Wales) is a former Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Brisbane Broncos of the NRL.	Aaron Gorrell	rugby league
sport	Željko Bogut (born October 8, 1969 in Mostar, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian chess player and two time national champion, only player in Bosnia and Herzegovina who won title twice, in 2006 and in 2010.	Željko Bogut	chess
sport	Charles Moehle (Möhle) (26 November 1859, New York -- 1898) was an American chess master.	Charles Moehle	chess
sport	Harley Marques Silva (born 6 July 1974 in Rio de Janeiro) is a beach volleyball player from Brazil.	Harley Marques Silva	beach volleyball
sport	The 2011 Ice Challenge was an international figure skating competition during the 2011--2012 season.	2011 Ice Challenge	figure skating
sport	Frank Rediker (Born March 15, 1985 in Sterling Heights, Michigan) is a retired American ice hockey player who most recently played for the Stockton Thunder of the ECHL.	Frank Rediker	ice hockey
sport	The Dundee Hurricanes are an American football team based in Dundee, Scotland.	Dundee Hurricanes	American football
sport	The 1976 Aryamehr Cup was a men's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Tehran in Iran.	1976 Aryamehr Cup	tennis
sport	Tim Swinson (born 17 February 1987 in London, England) is a Scottish internationalist rugby union player.	Tim Swinson	rugby union
sport	The Belize Premier Football League (BPFL) (Caribbean Motors Cup) was the premier division of association football in Belize sanctioned by the Football Federation of Belize.	Belize Premier Football League	association football
sport	For the ice hockey club, see HC CSKA Moscow.	CSKA Moscow	ice hockey
sport	The Soviet Figure Skating Championships were a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of the Soviet Union.	Soviet Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Steve Gatzos (born June 22, 1961 in Toronto, Ontario and raised in Bramalea, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey player who played 89 games in the National Hockey League.	Steve Gatzos	ice hockey
sport	Sašo Ožbolt (born 4 April 1981) is a Slovenian retired professional basketball player who played for KK Portorož of the Slovenian League.	Sašo Ožbolt	basketball
sport	Lucas Monteverde, born December 18, 1976, is an Argentine professional polo player with a handicap of 9 (formerly 10).	Lucas Monteverde	polo
sport	Ervin Kassai (16 March 1925 -- 12 October 2012) was a Hungarian basketball referee.	Ervin Kassai	basketball
sport	Valeri Nikitin (born June 20, 1939 in Moscow, Russia -- died January 13, 2002) was an ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League and National Hockey League.	Valeri Nikitin	ice hockey
sport	Paolo Tofoli (born August 14, 1966 in Fermo) is a former Italian volleyball player and current coach, standing at 188 cm. He played 342 times for the Italy national volleyball team.	Paolo Tofoli	volleyball
sport	Luka Pavićević (Serbian Cyrillic: Лука Павићевић; born June 17, 1968 in Titograd) is a Montenegrin professional basketball head coach for Chorale Roanne of the LNB Pro A and for the Montenegro national basketball team.	Luka Pavićević	basketball
sport	Greg Guy is a retired American professional basketball player most known for being the NCAA Division I scoring champion during the 1992--93 season.	Greg Guy	basketball
sport	Tyson Demos (born 3 July 1988) is an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Illawarra Hawks of the National Basketball League (NBL).	Tyson Demos	basketball
sport	Jean-Emmanuel Cassin is a French rugby footballer who currently plays rugby union for Oyonnax Rugby and represented his country at rugby league in the 2000 World Cup.	Jean-Emmanuel Cassin	rugby league
sport	Alfonso Solis (born December 23, 1962), better known as Al Solis, is a retired Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Al Solis	basketball
sport	The 2010 ICC World Twenty20 was the third ICC World Twenty20 competition, an international Twenty20 cricket tournament that was held in the West Indies between 30 April and 16 May 2010.	2010 ICC World Twenty20	cricket
sport	Samalog (or samalogue in UK spelling; sometimes sammenlagt in both Norwegian and Danish: ``put together'', ``total sum'') is a scoring system in speed skating.	Samalog	speed skating
sport	William Carlisle Towery (June 20, 1920 -- November 25, 2012), nicknamed ``Blackie'' or ``Big Boy'', was an American basketball player.	Carlisle Towery	basketball
sport	Karl Dennis Persson(born June 2, 1988) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman.	Dennis Persson	ice hockey
sport	Bernt Frilén is a Swedish orienteering competitor, winner of the 1974 Individual World Orienteering Championships.	Bernt Frilén	orienteering
sport	The Cyprus national football team (Greek: Εθνική ομάδα ποδοσφαίρου της Κύπρου) represents Cyprus in association football and is controlled by the Cyprus Football Association, the governing body for football in Cyprus.	Cyprus national football team	association football
sport	Hellé Nice (born Mariette Hélène Delangle; 15 December 1900 -- died 1 October 1984) was a French model, dancer, and a Grand Prix motor racing driver.	Hellé Nice	Grand Prix motor racing
sport	The Montreal Junior Canadiens were a junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Junior Hockey League from 1933 to 1961, and the Ontario Hockey Association from 1961 to 1972.	Montreal Junior Canadiens	ice hockey
sport	Max Brito (born 8 April 1971 in Abidjan, Ivory Coast) is a former rugby union player on the Ivory Coast rugby team.	Max Brito	rugby union
sport	The OMEGA Heavyweight Championship was the top singles title in the Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts (OMEGA) independent professional wrestling promotion.	OMEGA Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Aren Davoudi Chegani (Persian: آرن داوودی چگانی‎‎; Armenian: Արեն Դավուդի, born July 12, 1986) is a professional Iranian Armenian basketball player who currently plays for Hamyari Shahrdari of the Iranian Super League and also for the Iranian national basketball team.	Aren Davoudi	basketball
sport	Sauro Bufalini (28 April 1941 -- 1 April 2012) was an Italian basketball player.	Sauro Bufalini	basketball
sport	Dražen Marović (born January 14, 1938 in Split) is a Croatian (former Yugoslav) chess player, trainer, journalist, writer and broadcaster.	Dražen Marović	chess
sport	The Queen's Gambit Declined (or QGD) is a chess opening in which Black declines a pawn offered by White in the Queen's Gambit: 1.	Queen's Gambit Declined	chess
sport	Sophie Milliet (born 2 November 1983 in Marseille) is a French chess player and four times national women's champion (2003, 2008, 2009 and 2011).	Sophie Milliet	chess
sport	Venugopal Chandrasekhar is a former National table tennis champion and Arjuna Award winner from Tamil Nadu, India.	Venugopal Chandrasekhar	table tennis
sport	Jon Welsh (born 13 October 1986) is a Scottish rugby union player currently playing for Newcastle Falcons.	Jon Welsh	rugby union
sport	The Tour of Chongming Island, officially the Tour of Chongming Island International Cycling Race is an annual elite women's road bicycle racing stage race held in Shanghai, China, named after Chongming Island.	Tour of Chongming Island	road bicycle racing
sport	The 1993 FIVB Volleyball World League was the fourth edition of the annual men's volleyball tournament, played by 12 countries from May 21 to July 31, 1993.	1993 FIVB Volleyball World League	volleyball
sport	Rayos de Hermosillo is a basketball club based in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico that plays in the Circuito de Baloncesto de la Costa del Pacífico (CIBACOPA).	Rayos de Hermosillo	basketball
sport	Dennis Owchar (born March 28, 1953) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 288 games in the National Hockey League.	Dennis Owchar	ice hockey
sport	Royal Birkdale Golf Club is a golf course in the town of Southport, England, and is one of the clubs in the Open Championship rotation for both men and women.	Royal Birkdale Golf Club	golf
sport	Jonathan Janil (born September 24, 1987) is a French ice hockey defenceman who played for France at the 2011 IIHF World Championship.	Jonathan Janil	ice hockey
sport	The ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating (ISU Champions Series from 1995 to 1997) is a series of senior international figure skating competitions organized by the International Skating Union.	ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating	figure skating
sport	Christophe Moly (born 16 July 1982 in France) is a rugby league player for the Pia Donkeys and previously Carcassonne club in the French Rugby League Championship competition.	Christophe Moly	rugby league
sport	Fife Lions ARLFC are a rugby league club located in the east of Scotland.	Fife Lions	rugby league
sport	Jeremy Cota (born October 24, 1988) is an athlete on the U.S. Ski Team; he competes in the freestyle skiing events of Moguls and Dual Moguls.	Jeremy Cota	freestyle skiing
sport	The FIBA Americas Under-18 Championship is the name commonly used to refer to the American basketball championships for players under 18 years that take place every two years among national teams of the continent.	FIBA Americas Under-18 Championship	basketball
sport	Christian Ramota (born April 14, 1973) is a former German team handball player (goalkeeper).	Christian Ramota	handball
sport	Chris Bergeron (born November 28, 1970 in Wallaceburg, ONT, Canada) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey center who played for various minor league teams for 7 seasons between 1993 and 2000, with the most stints with the Toledo Storm and Cincinnati Cyclones.	Chris Bergeron	ice hockey
sport	The Mauritius women's national football team is a women's association football team that represents the country of Mauritius.	Mauritius women's national football team	association football
sport	Christian Magleby (born June 8, 1977) is a Danish former professional association football player, who played as a midfielder.	Christian Magleby	association football
sport	The NIT Season Tip-Off is an annual college basketball tournament that takes place in November of each year, towards the beginning of the season.	NIT Season Tip-Off	basketball
sport	Arlington Stadium was a baseball stadium located in Arlington, Texas, United States, located between Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas.	Arlington Stadium	baseball
sport	The 1988 Virginia Slims of Kansas was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Kansas Coliseum in Wichita, Kansas in the United States and was part of Tier V of the 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 Virginia Slims of Kansas	tennis
sport	Sergey Belavenets (Russian: Серге́й Всеволодович Белавенец; 8 July 1910 -- 7 March 1942) was a Soviet chess master, theoretician, and chess journalist of Belarusian descent.	Sergey Belavenets	chess
sport	Candice Holley (born April 23, 1981 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a women's college basketball athlete that played for The University of Cincinnati and University of Mississippi.	Candice Holley	basketball
sport	The 2005 Swedish Open, also known by its sponsored name Synsam Swedish Open, was a men's tennis event played on outdoor clay courts in Båstad, Sweden.	2005 Swedish Open	tennis
sport	The 99th Grey Cup was a Canadian football game between the East Division champion Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the West Division champion BC Lions to decide the champion of the Canadian Football League in the 2011 season.	99th Grey Cup	Canadian football
sport	Nathan Peavy (born on March 31, 1985) is a Puerto Rican-American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Atenienses de Manatí of the BSN.	Nathan Peavy	basketball
sport	MTV Wolfenbüttel is a German association football and sports club based in Wolfenbüttel, Lower Saxony.	MTV Wolfenbüttel	association football
spouse	Princess Shi (石王后, personal name unknown), who might have taken the title Empress Shi (石皇后) at one point, was the wife of Lü Guang (Emperor Yiwu), the founder of the Chinese/Di state Later Liang.	Princess Shi	Lü Guang
taxon rank	Crabro cribrarius, common name Slender Bodied Digger Wasp, is a species of wasps belonging to the family Crabronidae.	Crabro cribrarius	species
voice type	Joseph Schmidt (March 4, 1904 -- November 16, 1942) was an Austro-Hungarian and Romanian Jewish tenor and actor.	Joseph Schmidt	tenor
