award received	Wing Commander John Marlow Thompson, DSO, DFC, RAF awarded the Air Force Cross (AFC) 1 January 1955 --	John Marlow Thompson	Air Force Cross
award received	Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Documentary National Film Registry In 2007, the International Documentary Association named Hoop Dreams as its selection for the all-time greatest documentary.	Hoop Dreams	National Film Registry
award received	Karl Palmgreen (2 September 1891 -- 16 September 1970) was a Fregattenkapitän of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Karl Palmgreen	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	David Baramidze (born September 27, 1988 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a German chess Grandmaster.	David Baramidze	Grandmaster
award received	Henri Fursy was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour in 1927.	Henri Fursy	Knight of the Legion of Honour
award received	Léon Jouhaux (July 1, 1879 -- April 28, 1954) was a French trade union leader who received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1951.	Léon Jouhaux	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	Bator Sambuev (Russian: Батор Самбуев) is Russian-Canadian chess player who holds the title of Grandmaster.	Bator Sambuev	Grandmaster
award received	Jamiluddin Aali has won Pride of Performance award in 1991 and Hilal-e-Imtiaz in 2004.	Jamiluddin Aali	Pride of Performance
award received	Robert A. Belet (1914--1942) was a United States Marine Corps master technical sergeant who received a Silver Star for his actions in the Guadalcanal campaign during World War II.	Robert A. Belet	Silver Star
award received	Distinguished Flying Cross 2nd Lt. William Thomas Barnes.	William Thomas Barnes	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	François Thomas Tréhouart (27 April 1798 -- 8 November 1873) was a French admiral, notable as the last holder to date of the rank of Admiral of France, to which he was appointed on 20 February 1869.	François Thomas Tréhouart	Admiral of France
award received	Prof Arthur Robertson Cushny FRS FRSE LLD (6 March 1866 -- 25 February 1926), was a Scottish pharmacologist and physiologist who became a Fellow of the Royal Society.	Arthur Robertson Cushny	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Sergio Mariotti (born August 10, 1946 in Florence) is an Italian Grandmaster of chess and former national champion.	Sergio Mariotti	Grandmaster
award received	Gustav Reimar (24 April 1910 -- 23 March 1945) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Gustav Reimar	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Olav Sepp (born 5 May 1969 in Tallinn) is an Estonian International Master of chess and six-time champion of Estonia (1989, 1991--1995).	Olav Sepp	International Master
award received	Padma Shri Baburao Govindrao Shirke, popularly known as B G Shirke was the founder chairman of BG Shirke Construction Technology Private Limited (BGSCTPL).	Baburao Govindrao Shirke	Padma Shri
award received	In the 2013 Queens Birthday Honours List, Gabi Hollows was made an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) ``For distinguished service to public health as an advocate for the eradication of blindness, particularly for Indigenous Australians and people in the developing world.''	Gabi Hollows	Officer of the Order of Australia
award received	Paul Schultz (30 October 1891 -- 15 September 1964) was a Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Paul Schultz	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Hugh Purvis (March 5, 1843 -- February 12, 1922) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for actions on board the USS Alaska during the United States 1871 expedition to Korea.	Hugh Purvis	Medal of Honor
award received	Zhou Xun is the 2010 Laureate of United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)'s Champions of the Earth (Inspiration & Action).	Zhou Xun	Champions of the Earth
award received	Arthur Murch (1902--1989) was an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1949 with a portrait of Bonar Dunlop.	Arthur Murch	Archibald Prize
award received	Ram Prakash Gehlote was awarded the Padma Shri in 1957 for his work in the fields of science and engineering.	Ram Prakash Gehlote	Padma Shri
award received	Kamran Shirazi (born 21 November 1952) is an International Master of chess.	Kamran Shirazi	International Master
award received	Acting Wing Commander Denis Crowley-Milling, DFC (78274), Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve is awarded the Distinguished Service Order.	Denis Crowley-Milling	Distinguished Service Order
award received	Isaac Payne, or Isaac Paine, (1854--1904) was a Black Seminole who served as a United States Army Indian Scout and received America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States.	Isaac Payne	Medal of Honor
award received	Fred McNess VC (22 January 1892 -- 4 May 1956) was an English-born Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross (VC), the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Fred McNess	Victoria Cross
award received	On January 28, 1972, DeWitt Wallace was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Richard Nixon.	DeWitt Wallace	Presidential Medal of Freedom
award received	James Sykes Gamble FRS FLS (1847--1925) was an English botanist who specialized in the flora of the Indian sub-continent; he became Director of the British Imperial Forest School at Dehradun, and a Fellow of the Royal Society.	James Sykes Gamble	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Ludwig Köchle (also known as ``Bunkerknacker''; 28 February 1921 -- 9 June 1942) was an Oberscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Ludwig Köchle	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Klaus Neumann (5 October 1923 -- 10 December 2000) was a German Leutnant and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes) during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Klaus Neumann	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Roger Smalley was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001 (Australian Government 2001) and appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in the Australia Day Honours of 2011 (Australian Government 2011).	Roger Smalley	Centenary Medal
award received	Ustad Ghulam Hassan Shaggan was the recipient of numerous awards including the Pride of Performance (1988) and Sitara-e-Imtiaz (2000) (Star of Excellence) from the Government of Pakistan.	Ghulam Hassan Shaggan	Pride of Performance
award received	Martin Lewis Perl (June 24, 1927 -- September 30, 2014) was an American physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1995 for his discovery of the tau lepton.	Martin Lewis Perl	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	Samuel Hordern was knighted twice; once as a Knight Bachelor, and again as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire.	Samuel Hordern	Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Farid Abbasov (Azerbaijani: Fərid Abbasov), (born January 31, 1979) is a chess Grandmaster (2007) from Azerbaijan, rated 2,558 by FIDE.	Farid Abbasov	Grandmaster
award received	Bernard Zuckerman (born March 31, 1943 in Brooklyn, New York) is an International Master of chess.	Bernard Zuckerman	International Master
award received	Robert William Strong, Jr. was an American Major general and Legion of Merit recipient.	Robert William Strong, Jr.	Legion of Merit
award received	Donald Haderle is an American computer scientist and IBM Fellow, best known for his work on relational database management systems (RDBMS).	Donald Haderle	IBM Fellow
award received	Milo Lemert (March 25, 1890--September 29, 1918) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I.	Milo Lemert	Medal of Honor
award received	Miguel Keith (June 2, 1951 -- May 8, 1970) was a United States Marine who posthumously received the United States's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor for heroism in Vietnam in May 1970.	Miguel Keith	Medal of Honor
award received	Zigurds Lanka (born May 21, 1960, Baldone, Latvia) is a Latvian chess player who holds the title of Grandmaster (1992).	Zigurds Lanka	Grandmaster
award received	Ferit Orhan Pamuk (generally known simply as Orhan Pamuk; born 7 June 1952) is a Turkish novelist, screenwriter, academic and recipient of the 2006 Nobel Prize in Literature.	Orhan Pamuk	Nobel Prize in Literature
award received	Konstantin Aseev (October 20, 1960 -- August 22, 2004) was a Russian chess Grandmaster and trainer.	Konstantin Aseev	Grandmaster
award received	Aristide Briand (French: (a.ʁis.tid bʁi.jɑ̃); 28 March 1862 -- 7 March 1932) was a French statesman who served eleven terms as Prime Minister of France during the French Third Republic and was a co-laureate of the 1926 Nobel Peace Prize.	Aristide Briand	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	Greg Palmer (May 1947 -- May 8, 2009) was an American writer and Emmy Award-winning television producer and reporter.	Greg Palmer	Emmy Award
award received	George Balzer (1 September 1915 -- 28 September 2006) was an American Emmy Award-winning screenwriter, television producer.	George Balzer	Emmy Award
award received	Daniel Wray (1701--1783) was an English antiquary and Fellow of the Royal Society.	Daniel Wray	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Franz Liebisch (5 February 1921 -- 11 February 1945) was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Franz Liebisch	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Corporal Anthony Casamento, (November 16, 1920--July 18, 1987) was presented the Medal of Honor by President Jimmy Carter on September 12, 1980 in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden, 38 years after Cpl Casamento's heroism on Guadalcanal in 1942.	Anthony Casamento	Medal of Honor
award received	Alex Pascall was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1996 for services to community relations.	Alex Pascall	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
conflict	Luther Prentice Bradley (December 8, 1822 -- March 13, 1910) was an American soldier who served as a Union general officer during the American Civil War.	Luther Prentice Bradley	American Civil War
conflict	James Monroe Deems (1818--1901) was an American composer and music educator from Baltimore, Maryland, as well as a distinguished Union Army officer during the American Civil War.	James Monroe Deems	American Civil War
conflict	Edward Richard Woodham (20 February 1831 -- 12 December 1886) was one of the survivors of the Charge of the Light Brigade on 25 October 1854 during the Crimean War.	Edward Richard Woodham	Crimean War
conflict	Lieutenant Hiram Frank Davison was a Canadian-born World War I flying ace credited with 11 official aerial victories.	Hiram Frank Davison	World War I
conflict	John Michael Tobin (1841--1898) was an officer in the Union Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Malvern Hill during the American Civil War.	John Michael Tobin	Battle of Malvern Hill	American Civil War
conflict	Emmanouil Tombazis (Greek: Εμμανουήλ Τομπάζης, 1784--1831) was a Greek naval captain from Hydra, active during the Greek War of Independence, who was appointed Commissioner of Crete for the Greek provisional government in 1823--1824 and naval minister for a short period in 1828.	Emmanouil Tombazis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Alexander Chambers (August 23, 1832 - January 2, 1888) was a US Army officer, who became a general during the American Civil War.	Alexander Chambers	American Civil War
conflict	Adolphe Libaire (May 2, 1840 -- September 5, 1920) was a Captain in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War.	Adolphe Libaire	American Civil War
conflict	Miguel Ezquerra Sanchez (January 10, 1913 -- October 29, 1984) was a Spanish Falangist, soldier and volunteer member of the Waffen-SS. He fought in the Spanish Civil War and in the Second World War, in a battalion of the Spanish Blue Division or 250.	Miguel Ezquerra	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Theodoros Tzinis (Greek: Θεόδωρος Τζίνης) (*1798 ; †1869) was a Greek hero of the Greek War of Independence.	Theodoros Tzinis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Eulalio Gutiérrez Ortiz (February 4, 1881 -- August 12, 1939) was a general in the Mexican Revolution from state of Coahuila.	Eulalio Gutiérrez	Mexican Revolution
conflict	Horatio Gates Gibson (May 22, 1827 -- April 27, 1924) was a career artillery officer in the United States Army, and brevet brigadier general in the American Civil War.	Horatio Gates Gibson	American Civil War
conflict	Ioannis Mamouris (Greek: Ιωάννης Μαμούρης; Dremista, Parnassida 1797 -- Athens, 12 April 1867), also known as Giannis of Goura (Γιάννης του Γκούρα)) was a Greek chieftain of the Greek War of Independence and officer of the Greek army.	Ioannis Mamouris	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Capitaine Roger Poupon was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.	Roger Poupon	World War I
conflict	Ma Zhongying then battled against the Russians in the Soviet invasion of Xinjiang.	Ma Zhongying	Soviet invasion of Xinjiang
conflict	Captain Neikezhakuo Kenguruse, MVC (July 15, 1974 - June 28, 1999) was an officer of the 2 Rajputana Rifles of the Indian Army, who was posthumously awarded the Maha Vir Chakra, India's second highest gallantry award, for exemplary valour in combat during operations in the Kargil War in 1999.	Neikezhakuo Kenguruse	Kargil War
conflict	General Sir Gwilym Ivor Thomas GCB KBE DSO MC* (1893--1972) was a senior officer of the British Army who saw active service in both World War I and World War II.	Gwilym Ivor Thomas	World War I
conflict	Amador Salazar Jiménez (30 April 1868 -- 16 April 1916) was a Mexican military leader who participated in the Mexican Revolution.	Amador Salazar	Mexican Revolution
conflict	Ebenezer Sproat (1752--1805), surname also spelled Sprout, was an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, a pioneer to the Ohio Country, and one of the founders of Marietta, Ohio, the first permanent American settlement in the Northwest Territory.	Ebenezer Sproat	American Revolutionary War
conflict	St. Clair Augustine Mulholland (April 1, 1839 -- February 17, 1910) was a colonel in the Union Army in the American Civil War who later received the brevets of brigadier general of volunteers and major general of volunteers and the Medal of Honor for gallantry in action at the Battle of Chancellorsville.	St. Clair Augustine Mulholland	American Civil War
conflict	John André (2 May 1750 -- 2 October 1780) was a British Army officer hanged as a spy by the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War for assisting Benedict Arnold's attempted surrender of the fort at West Point, New York to the British.	John André	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Pierre Marinovitch (Serbian: Petar Marinović; 1 August 1898 -- 2 October 1919) was a French World War I flying ace credited with 22 aerial victories.	Pierre Marinovitch	World War I
conflict	Daniel Ammen (May 15, 1820 -- July 11, 1898) was a U.S. naval officer during the American Civil War and the postbellum period, as well as a prolific author.	Daniel Ammen	American Civil War
conflict	Sergente André Louis Bosson (1894--1918) was a French World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories, including one shared with Jean-Paul Favre De Thierrens.	André Louis Bosson	World War I
conflict	Wilfrid Wilson Gibson (2 October 1878 -- 26 May 1962) was a British Georgian poet, associated with World War I but also the author of much later work.	Wilfrid Wilson Gibson	World War I
conflict	James L. Bates (August 11, 1820--November 11, 1875) was a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was awarded the honorary grade of brevet brigadier general after the war.	James L. Bates	American Civil War
conflict	Fritz Vehse (born 23 April 1924) is a former Gefreiter in the Wehrmacht during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Fritz Vehse	World War II
conflict	Captain Cecil Frederick King (19 February 1899 -- 24 January 1919), Military Cross, Distinguished Flying Cross, French Croix de Guerre was a World War I fighter ace credited with 22 aerial victories.	Cecil Frederick King	World War I
conflict	The Maynard carbine was a breech-loaded carbine used by cavalry in the American Civil War.	Maynard carbine	American Civil War
conflict	Alfred Fleischer was a German World War I flying ace credited with six confirmed aerial victories.	Alfred Fleischer	World War I
conflict	Petre Dumitrescu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈpetre dumiˈtresku); 18 February 1882 -- 15 January 1950) was a Romanian general during World War II, who led the Romanian Third Army on its campaign against the Red Army in the eastern front.	Petre Dumitrescu	World War II
conflict	The M7 grenade launcher, formally Rifle Grenade Launcher, M7, was a 22 mm rifle grenade launcher attachment for the M1 Garand rifle that saw widespread use throughout World War II and the Korean War.	M7 grenade launcher	World War II
conflict	John Wesley Turner was a career U.S. Army officer and Union Army general during the American Civil War.	John Wesley Turner	American Civil War
conflict	Captain Kenneth Barbour Montgomery MC was an English World War I flying ace officially credited with 12 aerial victories.	Kenneth Barbour Montgomery	World War I
conflict	Edmond de Talleyrand-Périgord, 2nd Duke of Talleyrand, 2nd Duke of Dino (1 August 1787, Paris -- 14 May 1872, Florence), was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars.	Edmond de Talleyrand-Périgord	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	George H. Littlefield (May 2, 1842 -- December 25, 1919) was a corporal in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War.	George H. Littlefield	American Civil War
conflict	Julius Kowalczik was a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories who held the rank of Offiziersstellvertreter.	Julius Kowalczik	World War I
conflict	USS Fort Morgan (1863) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Fort Morgan (1863)	American Civil War
conflict	Matt Whitaker Ransom (October 8, 1826 -- October 8, 1904) was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War and a Democratic U.S. senator from the state of North Carolina between 1872 and 1895.	Matt Whitaker Ransom	American Civil War
conflict	Anne Gilbert de Laval or Anne-Gilbert Laval or Anne Guilbert de La Val (9 November 1762 -- 6 September 1810) became a general officer during the French Revolutionary Wars and led a division in the Napoleonic Wars.	Anne Gilbert de Laval	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Withers A. Burress (November 24, 1894 -- June 13, 1977) was a graduate and commandant of the Virginia Military Institute as well as a career U.S. Army officer and combat commander in World War I and World War II.	Withers A. Burress	World War I
conflict	Stephen W. Thompson (March 20, 1894 -- October 9, 1977) was an American aviator of World War I, and the first member of the United States military to shoot down an enemy aircraft (American Kiffin Rockwell achieved an earlier aerial victory as a member of the French Lafayette Escadrille).	Stephen W. Thompson	World War I
conflict	David Wooster (March 13, 1711 (O.S. March 2, 1710) -- May 2, 1777) was an American general who served in the French and Indian War and in the American Revolutionary War.	David Wooster	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Leonard M. Kravitz (1931 -- March 7, 1951) was a U.S. Army veteran of the Korean War and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.	Leonard M. Kravitz	Korean War
country	Ćule is a mountain found in Kosovo in the Šar Mountains in Gora (region) next to Macedonia and Albania.	Ćule	Kosovo
country	Firuraq (Persian: فيرورق‎; also Romanized as Fīrūraq; also known as Farūraq, Forūraq, Firoozfanagh, Fīrūq, Pereh, Phairas Pira, and Pīr Forūzān) is a city in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Firuraq	Iran
country	Fingə (also, Fingya) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Fingə	Azerbaijan
country	Kapenguria is a town lying north east of Kitale on the A1 road in Kenya.	Kapenguria	Kenya
country	Cengiz Topel Naval Air Station (Turkish: Cengiz Topel Deniz Hava Üssü), aka Topel Airport or formerly Cengiz Topel Air Base, (IATA: KCO, ICAO: LTBQ) is a Turkish Navy air station located east of İzmit in Kocaeli Province, Turkey.	Cengiz Topel Naval Air Station	Turkey
country	The Toronto Police Service (TPS) is the police force servicing Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Police Service	Canada
country	Estepona is a town and municipality in the comarca of the Costa del Sol, southern Spain.	Estepona	Spain
country	Opiki is a small rural settlement in the Horowhenua district of New Zealand's North Island.	Opiki	New Zealand
country	Long Khánh Province is former province in the Southeast Region (Đông Nam Bộ region) of former South Vietnam.	Long Khánh Province	Vietnam
country	Sound and Music champions new music and the work of British composers and artists, promoting and supporting contemporary music, sound art and experimental music in the United Kingdom.	Sound and Music	United Kingdom
country	Fažana (Croatian name, pronounced (faʒǎna)) or Fasana (Italian name) is a town and municipality on the western coast of Istria, in Croatia.	Fažana	Croatia
country	Encouraged by the newfound success of sports radio in the United States, in 1992, the year the Blue Jays won their first World Series, CJCL would drop non-sports programming altogether on September 4, and become ``The Fan 1430'', becoming the first all-sports station in Canada.	CJCL	Canada
country	Laytown railway station (Irish: Stáisiún na hInse) serves Laytown and Bettystown in County Meath, Ireland.	Laytown railway station	Ireland
country	The Aktogay mine is a large open-pit mine located in south eastern Kazakhstan in East Kazakhstan Province approximately 250 km from Kazakhstan - China border.	Aktogay mine	Kazakhstan
country	The Mollo culture existed in Bolivia's altiplano area after the collapse of the Tiwanaku culture during the period of AD 1000 to 1500; it predated the Inca civilization.	Mollo culture	Bolivia
country	The State Library of South Australia, via its SA Memory website, records that Colonel William Light, sailing in a vessel called the Rapid, discovered the Patawalonga River when sailing by and observing a river mouth when surveying the site for the city of Adelaide, via journal entry on 4 October 1836.	Patawalonga River	Australia
country	José Leonardo Chirino Airport (IATA: CZE, ICAO: SVCR), is an airport in Santa Ana de Coro, Venezuela.	José Leonardo Chirino Airport	Venezuela
country	École de technologie supérieure (ÉTS) is a public engineering school in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	École de technologie supérieure	Canada
country	The Canadian Muslim Union (CMU) is a registered not-for-profit corporation in Canada.	Canadian Muslim Union	Canada
country	The Iveragh Peninsula (Irish: Uíbh Ráthach) is located in County Kerry in Ireland.	Iveragh Peninsula	Ireland
country	Poręby Nowe (pɔˈrɛmbɨ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Poręby Nowe	Poland
country	Wieliszew (vjɛˈliʂɛf) is a village in Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland, in the bifurcation of the Vistula and Narew Rivers.	Wieliszew	Poland
country	Sahnaya (Arabic: صحنايا‎, lso spelled Sihnaya or Sehnaya) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located southwest of Damascus in the western Ghouta.	Sahnaya	Syria
country	Koglo (pronounced (ˈkoːɡlɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Koglo	Slovenia
country	Smrtići (Serbian: Смртићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Smrtići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Reposaari (Swedish: Räfsö) is an island and village at the Bothnian Sea in Pori, Finland.	Reposaari	Finland
country	Chebarkul (Russian: Чебарку́ль) is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the shores of Lake Chebarkul, 78 kilometers (48 mi) west of Chelyabinsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Chebarkul	Russia
country	Potong Pasir is a housing estate located between Toa Payoh and Sennett Estate in the North-East Region of Singapore.	Potong Pasir	Singapore
country	Nor Varagavank (Armenian: Նոր Վարագավանք) is a 13th-century Armenian Apostolic Church monastic ensemble situated 3.5 km southwest of the village Varagavan in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Nor Varagavank	Armenia
country	Ata Bolaghi (Persian: اتابلاغي‎, also Romanized as Ātā Bolāghī) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ata Bolaghi	Iran
country	Krzywe Kolano (ˈkʂɨvɛ kɔˈlanɔ) (translation: Askew knee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Krzywe Kolano	Poland
country	Wola Rokszycka (ˈvɔla rɔkˈʂɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Rokszycka	Poland
country	EMTÉ is a supermarket chain in the Netherlands.	EMTÉ	Netherlands
country	Ataşehir is a modern suburban district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Ataşehir	Turkey
country	Kut Al Hayy Air Base is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Maysan Governorate of Iraq.	Kut Al Hayy Air Base	Iraq
country	Royal Air Force Halton or more simply RAF Halton is one of the largest Royal Air Force stations in the United Kingdom, located near the village of Halton near Wendover, Buckinghamshire.	RAF Halton	United Kingdom
country	Mifa (also transliterated as Mifah or Al-Mifa , Arabic: الميفاء‎), is a village in the sub-governorate of Bariq in the province of Asir, Saudi Arabia.	Mifa	Saudi Arabia
country	Obala is a town in Cameroon's Centre Province, ca 45 km north of Yaoundé, the capital of Cameroon.	Obala	Cameroon
country	The ruins of Czorsztyn Castle (German: Sub-Arx Oberschloss, Arx Czorstein) are located in the southernmost part of Poland in Czorsztyn (Nowy Targ County in Lesser Poland), at Czorsztyn Lake within Pieniny National Park borders.	Czorsztyn Castle	Poland
country	König Palast or Kings Palace in English Language, is an Arena in Krefeld, Germany.	König Palast	Germany
country	Three Empires Tower is skyscraper proposed to be located in Istanbul, Turkey.	Three Empires Tower	Turkey
country	Jim Anderton's Progressive Party (formed in 2002 as the Progressive Party and renamed after its founder in 2005), was a New Zealand political party generally somewhat to the left of its ally, the Labour Party.	Jim Anderton's Progressive Party	New Zealand
country	Torre Caney is the tallest building in Santo Domingo and the Dominican Republic.	Torre Caney	Dominican Republic
country	Aguas Verdes (literally ``green waters''), is a town in the Zarumilla Province of the Tumbes Region in northwestern Peru.	Aguas Verdes	Peru
country	Venyov (Russian: Венёв) is a town and the administrative center of Venyovsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the Venyovka River, 52 kilometers (32 mi) east of Tula, the administrative center of the oblast.	Venyov	Russia
country	Plzeň (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpl̩.zɛɲ)), also called Pilsen in English and German, is a city in western Bohemia in the Czech Republic.	Plzeň	Czech Republic
country	Kafé 44 is a café and concert place on Tjärhovsgatan 46 in Stockholm, Sweden.	Kafé 44	Sweden
country	Camalú, Baja California, is a town on the Pacific coast Mexico's Baja California Peninsula.	Camalú	Mexico
country	Al-Sabaa wa Arbain (Arabic: السبعة وأربعين‎) is a town in southern al-Hasakah Governorate, northeastern Syria.	Al-Sabaa wa Arbain	Syria
country	Musikproduktion Höflich is a music publisher established by Jürgen Höflich in Munich, Germany.	Musikproduktion Höflich	Germany
country	London and Continental Railways (LCR) is a property development company owned by the British Government for developing former railway land in the United Kingdom.	London and Continental Railways	United Kingdom
country	Canadian Voices is a public affairs radio series produced by CJLY-FM (Kootenay Cooperative Radio), a volunteer-run non-profit community radio station in Nelson, British Columbia, Canada.	Canadian Voices	Canada
country	Sutherland Falls is a waterfall near Milford Sound in New Zealand's South Island.	Sutherland Falls	New Zealand
country	Kaseb Mahalleh (Persian: كاسب محله‎, also Romanized as Kāseb Maḩalleh) is a village in northern Iran.	Kaseb Mahalleh	Iran
country	Turku Concert Hall (Finnish: Turun konserttitalo, Swedish: Åbo konserthus) is located on the north side of the Puutori market square in Turku, Finland.	Turku Concert Hall	Finland
country	Alidad-e Ebrahim (Persian: عليدادابراهيم‎, also Romanized as ʿAlīdād-e Ebrāhīm) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Alidad-e Ebrahim	Iran
country	The Macleay Museum in Sydney, Australia, is a natural history museum located on the main campus of the University of Sydney.	Macleay Museum	Australia
country	The Grovabreen glacier is located in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Grovabreen	Norway
country	Les Augrès Manor is a manor house on La Profonde Rue in the Vingtaine de Rozel in the parish of Trinity in Jersey.	Les Augrès Manor	Jersey
country	Mount Binuluan (also known as Ambalatungan) is a remote volcano in the Kalinga province of the Cordillera Administrative Region (CAR) Region of the Philippines.	Mount Binuluan	Philippines
country	My High School Musical was a talent competition based on High School Musical 2 for the Disney Channel in the UK (8 January -- 8 April) and in Australia (22 December-Jan 18)	My High School Musical	Australia
country	Zielone Kamedulskie (ʑɛˈlɔnɛ kamɛˈdulskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zielone Kamedulskie	Poland
country	Maqu County (Tibetanརྨ་ཆུ་རྫོང,Rma chu rdzong) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Maqu County	People's Republic of China
country	Mokrzesz (ˈmɔkʂɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Mokrzesz	Poland
country	Hekuli is a Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal.	Hekuli	Nepal
country	Rangdum is in a valley situated 3,657 m (11,998 ft) above the sea level, in an isolated region of the Suru valley in the Ladakh region in the state of Jammu and Kashmir in Northern India.	Rangdum	India
country	Maadi or al-Ma'adi (Arabic: المعادى‎ / transliterated: al-Ma‛adi pronounced (elmæˈʕæːdi)) is an affluent, leafy suburban district south of Cairo, Egypt on the east bank of the Nile about 12 km upriver from downtown Cairo.	Maadi	Egypt
country	Malanpur is an industrial town spread over 625 hectares in northern Madhya Pradesh state located in north-central India near to another similar unit of 833 hectares at Ghirongi.	Malanpur	India
country	College of Forestry, Dapoli, District Ratnagiri, Maharashtra (India) In the main campus of Dr. Balasaheb Sawant Konkan Krishi Vidyapeeth the College of Forestry was established on 1 August 2005.	Dr. Balasaheb Sawant Konkan Krishi Vidyapeeth	India
country	Zardeyn (Persian: زردين‎, also Romanized as Zardīn; also known as Zardan and Zard Deh) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Zardeyn	Iran
country	Moderates and Populars (Italian: Moderati e Popolari, MeP) is a regionalist-centrist political party in Italy active in Apulia.	Moderates and Populars	Italy
country	Sikin Panjang (also known as Sikin Panyang, Gloepak Sikin, Glupak Sikin, Jekinpandjang, Loedjoe Aceh, Loedjoe Atjeh, Loedjoe Naru, Ludju Naru, Narumo, Sekin Pandjang, Sekin Panjang, Sekin Pandjang, Sekin Panjang Meutatah, Thikin Panjang) is a sword originating from northern Sumatra, Indonesia.	Sikin Panyang	Indonesia
country	Chayly is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Chayly	Azerbaijan
country	The Arraya Tower is a skyscraper completed in 2009 in Kuwait City, Kuwait.	Arraya Tower	Kuwait
country	Rus-M was a proposed launcher design which was intended to become Russia's main launch vehicle for crewed spaceflight after 2018, and an integral part of the Prospective Piloted Transport System which included a new manned spacecraft being developed to replace the Soyuz.	Rus-M	Russia
country	As of 2001 India census, Rampura Jawaharwala had a population of 1272 Males 693 and females 579.	Rampura Jawaharwala	India
country	Malič (Serbian Cyrillic: Малич) is a mountain in western Serbia, near the town of Ivanjica.	Malič	Serbia
country	Volcán Isluga National Park (Spanish pronunciation: (isˈluɣa)) is located in the Andes, in the Tarapacá Region of Chile, near Colchane and south of Lauca Biosphere Reserve.	Volcán Isluga National Park	Chile
country	Kilmurry-Negaul (Irish: Cill Mhuire na nGall) is a civil parish and a village in County Clare, Ireland.	Kilmurry-Negaul	Ireland
country	PolyEast Records (formerly EMI Philippines) is a record label in the Philippines.	PolyEast Records	Philippines
country	Juniorpress published Marvel Comics in the Netherlands and Belgium between 1978 and 2007.	Juniorpress	Netherlands
country	Słupia Valley Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Dolina Słupi) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in northern Poland, established in 1981, covering an area of 370.4 square kilometres (143.0 sq mi).	Słupia Valley Landscape Park	Poland
country	Sant Feliu de Llobregat (IPA: (ˈsaɱ fəˈɫiw ðə ʎuβɾəˈɣat)) is an industrial city and municipality in Catalonia, Spain, in the province of Barcelona.	Sant Feliu de Llobregat	Spain
country	Masvingo District encampases metropolitan Masvingo, in Masvingo Province in southern Zimbabwe.	Masvingo District	Zimbabwe
country	The Treaty House at Waitangi in Northland, New Zealand, is the former house of the British Resident in New Zealand, James Busby.	Treaty House	New Zealand
country	Serra de Montsant is a mountain chain in Catalonia, Spain.	Serra de Montsant	Spain
country	Raches (Greek: Ράχες) is a village and a former municipality on the island of Ikaria, North Aegean, Greece.	Raches	Greece
country	Tatul (Bulgarian: Татул, the local name for Datura stramonium) is a village in Momchilgrad municipality, Kardzhali Province located in the Eastern Rhodopes in southern Bulgaria.	Tatul	Bulgaria
country	The Taesongsan Funfair is an amusement park located in Mangyongdae-guyok, 12 kilometers from Pyongyang, North Korea.	Taesongsan Funfair	North Korea
country	Kalymnos Island National Airport (Greek: Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Καλύμνου) (IATA: JKL, ICAO: LGKY) is an airport on the island of Kalymnos in Greece.	Kalymnos Island National Airport	Greece
country	South Molle Island, part of the Whitsunday Islands, is a resort island in the Whitsunday section of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park in Australia.	South Molle Island	Australia
country	The Charles E. Mills Secondary School (formerly Sandy Point High School) is a public high school in Sandy Point Town, Saint Kitts and Nevis.	Charles E. Mills Secondary School	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	Mosvik Church (Norwegian: Mosvik kirke) is a parish church serving the village of Mosvik in Inderøy, Norway.	Mosvik Church	Norway
country	The Red Sea Mall is a shopping mall located in the northern suburb of Jeddah in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	Red Sea Mall	Saudi Arabia
country	Sunhwa-dong is a legal dong, or neighbourhood of the Jung-gu district in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dong, Sogong-dong and Hoehyeon-dong.	Sunhwa-dong	South Korea
country	Shortly after the Communists won the civil war in 1949, Hotan was incorporated into the People's Republic of China.	Hotan	People's Republic of China
country	Pas de Peyrol (el. 1,589 m) is a mountain pass located in Auvergne, France, and is the highest road pass in the Massif Central.	Pas de Peyrol	France
country	Busot (Valencian: (buˈzɔt), Spanish: (buˈsot)) is a municipality in the comarca of Alacantí in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Busot	Spain
country	Sopan Baug is a posh area in Pune, Maharashtra, western India.	Sopan Baug	India
country	The United Pentecostal and Evangelical Churches (Dutch: Verenigde Pinkster- en Evangeliegemeenten, abbreviated VPE) is the largest Pentecostal and evangelical Christian denomination in the Netherlands.	United Pentecostal and Evangelical Churches	Netherlands
country	The Calliope Range are a small low mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located on the western end of Broughton Island and northeast of Port McNeill.	Calliope Range	Canada
country	Sespel (Russian: Сеспель; Chuvash: Çеçпĕл) is a rural locality (a village) and the administrative center of Sespelskoye Rural Settlement of Kanashsky District in the Chuvash Republic, Russia.	Sespel	Russia
country	The Oberösterreichische Nachrichten (OÖN) is a German language regional newspaper published in Linz, Austria.	Oberösterreichische Nachrichten	Austria
country	Laugarvatn is a lake and small town in the south of Iceland.	Laugarvatn	Iceland
country	Mściszewo (mɕt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mściszewo	Poland
country	Olintepeque (Spanish pronunciation: (olinteˈpeke)) is a municipality in the Quetzaltenango department of Guatemala.	Olintepeque	Guatemala
country	Janjila (Cyrillic: Јањила) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Janjila	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Main-Neckar Railway (German: Main-Neckar--Eisenbahn, MNE) is a main line railway west of the Odenwald in the Upper Rhine Plain of Germany that connects Frankfurt am Main to Heidelberg via Darmstadt, Bensheim and Weinheim.	Main-Neckar Railway	Germany
country	Isca Yacu, located in northern Argentina, is a town in Jiménez Department, Santiago del Estero Province.	Isca Yacu	Argentina
country	Kinwa Urqu (Quechua kinwa quinoa, urqu mountain, ``quinoa mountain'', hispanicized spelling Quenuaorco) is a mountain in the northwestern part of the Willkapampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 4,900 metres (16,076 ft) high.	Kinwa Urqu	Peru
country	Stadio Alberto Pinto is a municipal stadium in Caserta, Italy.	Stadio Alberto Pinto	Italy
country	Bazenville Airfield is a former World War II airfield, located 1.8 km east of Bazenville in the Basse-Normandie region, France.	Bazenville Airfield	France
country	Bargan (Persian: بارگان‎, also Romanized as Bārgān and Bargān; also known as Bārgūn and Barkān) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bargan	Iran
country	The Alliance Graduate School (IGGY) is the CAMACOP's graduate school of theology in Quezon City, Philippines housed together with Philippine Alliance College of Theology (PACT).	Alliance Graduate School	Philippines
country	Abisko National Park (Swedish: Abisko nationalpark) is a National Park in Sweden, established in 1909.	Abisko National Park	Sweden
country	Créteil (French pronunciation: ​(kʁe.tɛj)) is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Créteil	France
country	Beykent University is a foundation university in Istanbul, Turkey, teaching in English, Russian Combined and Turkish with 17,059 students.	Beykent University	Turkey
country	The University of Gadarif (also called Gedaref, Gedarif or El Gadarif) is a public university in the town of Al Qadarif, capital of the state of Al Qadarif in Sudan.	University of Gadarif	Sudan
country	Budzisk-Bagno (ˈbud͡ʑisk ˈbaɡnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Budzisk-Bagno	Poland
country	Dempsey Bob, carver Dale Campbell, carver Father J.M. Mouchet, Oblate priest Lived in Telegraph Creek when he first came to Canada.	Telegraph Creek	Canada
country	NEE (Dutch for no) is a political protest group whose goal was to provide an alternative for voters who are unhappy with all political parties at hand in Belgium, where voting is compulsory.	NEE	Belgium
country	Zamęty (zaˈmɛntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zamęty	Poland
country	Sembilang National Park is a national park covering 2,051 km2 along the east coast of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Sembilang National Park	Indonesia
country	Feins (Breton: Finioù, Gallo: Feins) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Feins	France
country	Afif-Abad Garden (Persian: باغ عفیف آباد - Bāq e Afif-Ābād‎), originally the Golshan Garden (Persian: باغ گلشن - Bāq e Golshan‎), is a museum complex in Shiraz, Iran.	Afif-Abad Garden	Iran
country	Fardis (Persian: فردیس) is a city in fardis, Alborz Province, Iran.	Fardis	Iran
country	Chah ol Madin (Persian: چاه ال مدين‎, also Romanized as Chāh ol Madīn and Chāholmahdīn) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah ol Madin	Iran
country	Loppa Church (Norwegian: Loppa kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.	Loppa Church	Norway
country	Bácsszentgyörgy (Serbo-Croatian: Đurić) is a border village and municipality in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary towards Serbia.	Bácsszentgyörgy	Hungary
country	Lysá pod Makytou (Hungarian: Fehérhalom) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Lysá pod Makytou	Slovakia
country	The Vacacaí River (Portuguese pronunciation: (vakakaˈi)) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.	Vacacaí River	Brazil
country	Sam Nujoma Street is one of the main streets of Harare, Zimbabwe.	Sam Nujoma Street	Zimbabwe
country	Goudurix is a steel roller coaster located Parc Astérix in France.	Goudurix	France
country	The Lubue River runs from south to north through Idiofa Territory, Kwilu District, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lubue River	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Indingilizi Gallery is an art gallery in Mbabane, Swaziland, established in 1982.	Indingilizi Gallery	Swaziland
country	Jaunpiebalga parish (Latvian: Jaunpiebalgas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Jaunpiebalga Municipality, Latvia.	Jaunpiebalga parish	Latvia
country	Sanjwal Cantonment is a cantonment town in Attock district, Punjab province, Pakistan.	Sanjwal Cantonment	Pakistan
country	Anderson Secondary School is a co-educational government school in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore, covering Secondary 1 to Secondary 5 (usually ages 12 to 17).	Anderson Secondary School	Singapore
country	University of Barisal (Bengali: বরিশাল বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় Boriśāl Biśbôbidyālôẏ also known as Barisal University or simply BU), is a public university located in Barisal, a city in southern Bangladesh.	University of Barisal	Bangladesh
country	Oborniki Śląskie (ɔbɔrˈɲikʲi ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ) (German: Obernigk) is a town in southwestern Poland.	Oborniki Śląskie	Poland
country	Arenal Volcano Emergency Forest Reserve is a Forest Reserve, part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area, in the northern part of Costa Rica in the emergency zone of the Arenal Volcano.	Arenal Volcano Emergency Forest Reserve	Costa Rica
country	The Tiwai Point Aluminium Smelter is owned by New Zealand's Aluminium Smelter, which in turn is owned by Rio Tinto Aluminium (RTA) (79.36%) and the Sumitomo Chemical Company (20.64%).	Tiwai Point Aluminium Smelter	New Zealand
country	Saaremaa Shipping Company (Estonian: Saaremaa Laevakompanii) is the company servicing main sea routes between Estonia's continent and two major islands, Saaremaa and Hiiumaa.	Saaremaa Shipping Company	Estonia
country	Hotel Riu Plaza Guadalajara is a skyscraper located in the city of Guadalajara, Mexico.	Hotel Riu Plaza Guadalajara	Mexico
country	Pomorie (Bulgarian: Поморие) is a town and seaside resort in southeastern Bulgaria, located on a narrow rocky peninsula in Burgas Bay on the southern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast.	Pomorie	Bulgaria
country	Studena Gora (pronounced (stuˈdeːna ˈɡɔːɾa); Italian: Studena in Monte) is a small settlement southwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Studena Gora	Slovenia
country	Constituency PP-117 is a constituency of Provincial Assembly of the Punjab in Punjab, Pakistan.	Constituency PP-117	Pakistan
country	German submarine U-213 was a Type VIID mine-laying U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.	German submarine U-213	Nazi Germany
country	The Poncione d'Arzo is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy, about 250 meters east of Monte Pravello.	Poncione d'Arzo	Switzerland	Italy
country	SOS Homophobie is a LGBT support organization based in France that deals with homophobia.	SOS Homophobie	France
country	Morfil (French: Ile à Morfil; literally, ``Ivory Island'') lies between the River Senegal and the Doué River in northern Senegal.	Morfil	Senegal
country	Ożarów Mazowiecki (ɔˈʐaruf mazɔˈvʲɛt͡skʲi) is a town in Poland, just to the west of Warsaw, in Mazowsze Voivodship.	Ożarów Mazowiecki	Poland
country	Unterer Hauenstein Pass (el. 691 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains between the canton of Basel-Country and Solothurn in Switzerland.	Unterer Hauenstein Pass	Switzerland
country	The Wag Islands are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Wag Islands	Canada
country	The 2007 European Grand Prix (formally the LI Grand Prix of Europe) was a Formula One motor race held at Nürburgring, Nürburg, Germany on 22 July 2007.	2007 European Grand Prix	Germany
country	Sjernarøy Church (Norwegian: Sjernarøy kirke) is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Sjernarøy Church	Norway
country	Dobrolevo (Bulgarian: Добролево) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria.	Dobrolevo	Bulgaria
country	Nazil (Persian: نازيل‎, also Romanized as Nāzīl; also known as Nārīl) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nazil	Iran
country	St Mary's Seminary was established in 1850 by New Zealand's first Catholic bishop, Jean Baptiste François Pompallier.	St Mary's Seminary	New Zealand
country	The Salt Pit is the codename of an isolated clandestine CIA black site prison and interrogation center in Afghanistan.	Salt Pit	Afghanistan
country	Ramyal is a small village in Lower Dir District, Malakand region of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Ramyal	Pakistan
country	Göming is a municipality in the district of Salzburg-Umgebung in the state of Salzburg in Austria.	Göming	Austria
country	Mulluq'u (Aymara for round, round head and swirl, hispanicized spellings Mollocco, Molloco, Molloko) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Mulluq'u	Peru
country	Corlay (Breton: Korle, Gallo: Corlaè) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Corlay	France
country	Boguchany Airport (Russian: аэропорт Богучаны) (ICAO: UNKB) is a small airport in Russia located in Boguchany.	Boguchany Airport	Russia
country	Jidvei (Romanian pronunciation: (ʒidˈvej), Hungarian: Zsidve, German: Seiden) is a commune in Alba county, Romania, located on the Târnava River.	Jidvei	Romania
country	Cink (pronounced (ˈtsiːŋk), also Frata; German: Zinken) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia.	Cink	Slovenia
country	Kislaya Guba (meaning sour bay in Russian) is a fjord on the Kola Peninsula near Murmansk, Russia.	Kislaya Guba	Russia
country	The Wiener Internationale Gartenschau 74 (English: Vienna International Garden Show 74), often shortened to WIG 74, was a garden festival held Vienna, Austria.	Wiener Internationale Gartenschau 74	Austria
country	Villette Sonique is a yearly music festival in Parc de la Villette in Paris, France featuring a combination of experimental music, Noise rock, Electronic and other genres.	Villette Sonique	France
country	Cerro de Coxóm is a stratovolcano in Totonicapán in western Guatemala.	Cerro de Coxóm	Guatemala
country	Teshniz (Persian: تشنيز‎, also Romanized as Teshnīz and Tashniz) is a village in Kiar-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Teshniz	Iran
country	Gülyataq (also, Gioulatagh, Gyul’yatag, and Gyulat’agh) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gülyataq	Azerbaijan
country	Villa Ángela is a city in the province of Chaco, Argentina, 186 km west of the provincial capital Resistencia.	Villa Ángela	Argentina
country	Phénix (French for phoenix) was a small-scale (gross 264/net 233 MWe) prototype fast breeder reactor, located at the Marcoule nuclear site, near Orange, France.	Phénix	France
country	The University Library of Graz (German: Universitätsbibliothek Graz), in the Austrian city of Graz, is the largest scientific and public library in Styria and the third largest in Austria.	University Library of Graz	Austria
country	Legnaia is a rione (historical district) in Florence, Italy.	Legnaia	Italy
country	Nahr-e Afadeleh (Persian: نهرعفادله‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e ʿAfādeleh) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Afadeleh	Iran
country	Éragny (sometimes unofficially called Éragny-sur-Oise) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Éragny-sur-Oise	France
country	Margarita Province (1525 - 1864) was one of the provinces of the Spanish Empire, then one of the provinces of Gran Colombia, and later one of the Provinces of Venezuela.	Margarita Province	Venezuela
country	Granity Pass lies between Mt Bell and Billies Knob in the Kahurangi National Park, New Zealand.	Granity Pass	New Zealand
country	El-Bawiti (Arabic: الباويطي, al-Bāwīṭī) is a town in the Western desert in Egypt.	Bawiti	Egypt
country	Villacibrán (variant: Viḷḷacibrán) is one of 54 parish councils in Cangas del Narcea, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Villacibrán	Spain
country	The United Kingdom Census 2011 considered the village as four relevant output layers, approximately a third of the ward Shere, the latter being used for elections to Guildford Borough Council.	Shere	United Kingdom
country	Dahr El Maghara (also spelled Dahr El Mghara or Dahr Al Magharah; Arabic: ﺿﻬﺮ ﺍﻟﻤﻐﺎﺭﺓ‎) is a small Lebanese Christian village that is located 33°41′N 35°27′E, about 20 km south of Beirut in the Chouf region of Mount Lebanon.	Dahr El Maghara	Lebanon
country	The Mohokos is the highest peak of a hill range situated in Međimurje County, northern Croatia.	Mohokos	Croatia
country	The Independence Hall of Korea (Korean: 독립기념관; Dongnip kinyeomgwan) is a Korean history museum in Cheonan, South Korea.	Independence Hall of Korea	South Korea
country	The Betong Mongkhonrit Tunnel (Thai: อุโมงค์เบตงมงคลฤทธิ์) is the first and largest road tunnel in Thailand.	Betong Mongkhonrit Tunnel	Thailand
country	Ölmstad Church (Swedish: Ölmstads kyrka) is a church building in Ölmstad, Sweden.	Ölmstad Church	Sweden
country	Dziennice (d͡ʑɛnˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dziennice	Poland
country	Asnières-sur-Seine (French pronunciation: ​(a.njɛʁ syʁ sɛn)) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France, along the river Seine.	Asnières-sur-Seine	France
country	Nørrebroparken is a park in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nørrebroparken	Denmark
country	Stutensee is a town in northern Karlsruhe district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Stutensee	Germany
country	The Bargello, also known as the Palazzo del Bargello, Museo Nazionale del Bargello, or Palazzo del Popolo (Palace of the People) is a former barracks and prison, now an art museum, in Florence, Italy.	Bargello	Italy
country	Givat HaShlosha (Hebrew: גִּבְעַת הַשְּׁלֹשָׁה, lit. Hill of the three) is a kibbutz in central Israel, about 4 km east of Petah Tikva, near the Yarkon river.	Givat HaShlosha	Israel
country	Sochocin (sɔˈxɔt͡ɕin) is a village in Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sochocin	Poland
country	Yonghwasan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon and the county of Hwacheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea.	Yonghwasan	South Korea
country	Azufral is a volcano located in the department of Nariño in southern Colombia, 12 km (7 mi) west of the town of Túquerres.	Azufral	Colombia
country	Fedashkuyeh (Persian: فدشكويه‎, also Romanized as Fedashkūyeh, Fedeshkūyeh, and Fedshkūyeh; also known as Fāshkūyeh, Fedeshkūh, Fidishkun, and Fīdūshkūh) is a village in Fedashkuyeh Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Fedashkuyeh	Iran
country	Launceston Castle (Cornish: Kastell Lannstefan) is located in the town of Launceston, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Launceston Castle	United Kingdom
country	Peetaliya Balaji,also known as Balaji ka Nagla is a village in Mahwa town, Dausa district, Rajasthan, India.	Peetaliya Balaji	India
country	Śniadka Pierwsza (ˈɕɲatka ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Śniadka Pierwsza	Poland
country	Câmpina (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkɨmpina)) is a city in Prahova county, Romania, north of the county seat Ploieşti, located on the main route between Wallachia and Transylvania.	Câmpina	Romania
country	Ignatius Park College in Townsville, Queensland, Australia, is an all boys' school part of the Edmund Rice schools network that operates under the direction of the Congregation of Christian Brothers.	Ignatius Park College	Australia
country	Porin Palloilijat or FC PoPa is a Finnish football club, based in the city of Pori in Finland.	Porin Palloilijat	Finland
country	China Bay Airport (Tamil: சீனக்குடா விமான நிலையம், Sinhala: චීන වරාය ගුවන්තොටුපළ) (IATA: TRR, ICAO: VCCT) is an air force base and domestic airport in China Bay in eastern Sri Lanka.	China Bay Airport	Sri Lanka
country	Wola Żytowska (ˈvɔla ʐɨˈtɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Żytowska	Poland
country	Karunya University (formerly Karunya Institute of Technology and Sciences, KITS) is a fully residential, Evangelical Christian University located in Coimbatore, India.	Karunya University	India
country	The Buenos Aires Western Railway (in Spanish: Ferrocarril Oeste de Buenos Aires), inaugurated in the city of Buenos Aires on 29 August 1857, was the first railway built in Argentina and the start of the extensive rail network which was developed over the following years.	Buenos Aires Western Railway	Argentina
country	Cavallino (Sybar la:Sybar (Lupiae) Latin) is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.	Cavallino	Italy
country	Žaloviče (pronounced (ˈʒaːlɔʋitʃɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Žaloviče	Slovenia
country	Greve in Chianti (the old name was Greve; in 1972 was renamed Greve in Chianti after the inclusion of that area in the Chianti wine district) is a town and comune (municipality) in the province of Florence, Tuscany, Italy.	Greve in Chianti	Italy
country	Eshkeri (Persian: اشكري‎, also Romanized as Eshkerī) is a village in Khafri Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Eshkeri	Iran
country	Vecborne Manor (Latvian: Vecbornes muiža) is a manor house in the historical region of Latgale, in eastern Latvia.	Vecborne Manor	Latvia
country	Haranpur is a town and union council of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil in Jhelum District, Punjab province, Pakistan, it is located at 32°36'11N 73°8'53E.	Haranpur	Pakistan
country	Selo nad Laškim (pronounced (ˈsɛːlɔ nat ˈlaːʃkim)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Selo nad Laškim	Slovenia
country	Neuillé-le-Lierre is a French commune located in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France-Val de Loire .	Neuillé-le-Lierre	France
country	Brekken (Southern Sami: Prahke) is a village and former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Brekken	Norway
country	St. Paul's Gallery is a commercial art gallery, the largest in the United Kingdom outside London.	St. Paul's Gallery	United Kingdom
country	Poniec (ˈpɔɲet͡s) is a town situated in the southern part of the Greater Poland Voivodeship (since 1999), formerly in Leszno Voivodeship (1975-1998), in Poland.	Poniec	Poland
country	Real estate boom in India and Chennai had its course in Moulivakkam too.	Moulivakkam	India
country	HITEC University, Taxila, more commonly known as HITEC University, is a private-sector university located in Taxila, Punjab, Pakistan.	HITEC University	Pakistan
country	Simonopetra Monastery (Greek: Σιμωνόπετρα, literally: ``Simon's Rock''), also Monastery of Simonos Petra (Greek: Μονή Σίμωνος Πέτρας), is an Eastern Orthodox monastery in the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece.	Simonopetra	Greece
country	Ali Koli (Persian: علي كلي‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Kolī; also known as Emāmīyeh) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 87, in 19 families.	Ali Koli	Iran
country	Tammisaari prison camp was a prison in Dragsvik, Ekenäs in Finland.	Tammisaari prison camp	Finland
country	The Grand Ballon (German: Großer Belchen) or Great Belchen is the highest mountain of the Vosges, located 25 kilometres northwest of Mulhouse, France.	Grand Ballon	France
country	Varna Airport (Bulgarian: Летище Варна, Letishte Varna) (IATA: VAR, ICAO: LBWN) is the airport of Varna, the historical maritime capital of Bulgaria.	Varna Airport	Bulgaria
country	The Zabergäu-Gymnasium Brackenheim (abbreviation: ZGB) is a general-education grammar school in Brackenheim, Germany.	Zabergäu-Gymnasium Brackenheim	Germany
country	Następowo (nastɛmˈpɔvɔ) (German: Wilhelmshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Następowo	Poland
country	Miyako Nanseien Sanatorium, (National Sanatorium Miyako Nanseien) is a sanatorium for leprosy and ex-leprosy patients at Miyakojima, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan, starting in 1931.	Miyako Nanseien Sanatorium	Japan
country	Migmatittodden (English: Migmatite Head) is the southern headland of Phippsøya, one of Sjuøyane, north of Nordaustlandet, Svalbard, Norway.	Migmatittodden	Norway
country	Pokr Ayrum (Armenian: Փոքր Այրում), is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Pokr Ayrum	Armenia
country	Rešov (Ukrainian: Ряшів, Riashiv) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Rešov	Slovakia
country	Pongrce (pronounced (pɔŋˈɡəɾtsɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Pongrce	Slovenia
country	Kosteryovo (Russian: Костерёво) is a town in Petushinsky District of Vladimir Oblast, Russia, located on the Lipnya River (Klyazma's tributary), 52 kilometers (32 mi) west of Vladimir, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kosteryovo	Russia
country	Posejanka (pɔsɛˈjaŋka), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Posejanka	Poland
country	Akhmerovsky Forest (Russian: лес Ахмеровский) is a forest in the northwestern part of Ishimbaysky District of Bashkortostan (Russia).	Akhmerovsky Forest	Russia
country	Gerakan Wanita Sosialis was a women's organization in Indonesia.	Gerakan Wanita Sosialis	Indonesia
country	R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital is medical school and hospital in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital	India
country	Damnica (damˈnit͡sa) (German Hebrondamnitz) is a village in Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Damnica	Poland
country	Voivodinovo (Bulgarian: Войводиново) is a village in the Plovdiv Province, southern Bulgaria.	Voivodinovo	Bulgaria
country	Valmojado (Spanish: (balmoˈxado)) is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Valmojado	Spain
country	Divarata is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Pylaros, northern Cephalonia, Greece.	Divarata	Greece
country	The Wayatinah Power Station is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.	Wayatinah Power Station	Australia
country	Nahalal (Hebrew: נַהֲלָל) in northern Israel was a Levitical city mentioned in the Hebrew Bible, and is now a moshav.	Nahalal	Israel
country	The Via Gallica was an ancient road of northern Italy which connected the Roman municipia of the Pianura Padana.	Via Gallica	Italy
country	Kafanchan is a town in southern Kaduna State in north-central Nigeria.	Kafanchan	Nigeria
country	The United Kingdom Census 2001 states the population of Thorpe Willoughby to be 2,822, falling to 2,725 at the 2011 Census.	Thorpe Willoughby	United Kingdom
country	Park Royal Shopping Centre, opened in 1950, is a shopping mall located in West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Park Royal Shopping Centre	Canada
country	International Hospital Kampala (IHK) is a private healthcare facility owned by the International Medical Group, the largest private healthcare group in Uganda.	International Hospital Kampala	Uganda
country	Nivan is a populated place in Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Nivan	Albania
country	Rig Band Sar (Persian: ريگ بندسر‎, also Romanized as Rīg Band Sar; also known as Rīg Sar) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Rig Band Sar	Iran
country	Aluva East is the name of a village in Aluva, Ernakulam district in the state of Kerala, India.	Aluva East	India
country	Lachowo (laˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Lachowo	Poland
country	Mõniste, formerly known by its German name Menzen, is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.	Mõniste	Estonia
country	Plavitsa River (Russian: Плавица) is a river that flows within the basin of the Don River in Voronezh Oblast, Lipetsk Oblast and Tambov Oblast, Russia.	Plavitsa River	Russia
country	Boorabbin National Park is a national park in Western Australia, between Coolgardie and Southern Cross.	Boorabbin National Park	Australia
country	Mashhadi Muri (Persian: مشهدي موري‎, also Romanized as Mashhadī Mūrī) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mashhadi Muri	Iran
country	JSC Chemical Plant Karpov is a joint stock company which runs the oldest chemical plant in Russia.	Chemical Plant Karpov	Russia
country	Forres was a parliamentary burgh, combined with Inverness, Fortrose and Nairn, in the Inverness Burghs constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1708 to 1801 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1918.	Forres	United Kingdom
country	Chelcheragh (Chandelier in English) is a weekly social and news magazine printed in Tehran, Iran.	Chelcheragh	Iran
country	The Sierra Nevada del Cocuy Chita o Guican National Natural Park (or Sierra Nevada de Chita or Sierra Nevada de Güicán, Spanish: Parque Natural Sierra Nevada del Cocuy Chita o Guican is a national park and a set of highlands within the Cordillera Oriental mountain range in the Andes Mountains of Colombia.	Sierra Nevada del Cocuy	Colombia
country	Upper Bhavani is in The Nilgiris District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Upper Bhavani	India
country	In 2011, Unhaggle was among twelve businesses in Canada and the only business from the Greater Toronto Area to be invited to the International Startup Festival in Montreal to present to investors and industry professionals.	Unhaggle	Canada
country	The area which Itabira is located is one of the most important culturally and economically of Minas Gerais and of Brazil, possessing an important historical collection for the construction of the history of the Brazilian people.	Itabira	Brazil
country	The Bibliothèque de l'Arsenal (Library of the Arsenal, founded 1757) in Paris has been part of the Bibliothèque nationale de France since 1934.	Bibliothèque de l'Arsenal	France
country	Fresno de la Vega (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈfɾezno ðe la ˈβeɣa)), Fresnu de la Veiga in Leonese language, is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Fresno de la Vega	Spain
country	Zalavas (Polish: Zułów) is a small village in Švenčionys district municipality, Lithuania.	Zalavas	Lithuania
country	Gudauta (, Gudauta; , Gwdowtha; , Gudauta) is a town in Abkhazia and a centre of the eponymous district.	Gudauta	Abkhazia
country	Mount Zero-Taravale Sanctuary is a 600 km² nature reserve in north-east Queensland, Australia, 60 km north-west of Townsville.	Mount Zero-Taravale Sanctuary	Australia
country	Thai Airways International Public Company Limited, also trading as THAI (SET: THAI, Thai: บริษัท การบินไทย จำกัด (มหาชน)) is the flag carrier airline of Thailand.	Thai Airways	Thailand
country	Kubrzany (kuˈbʐanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland.	Kubrzany	Poland
country	Hpakant (Burmese: ဖားကန့်; also Hpakan and Farkent), is a town in Hpakant Township, Kachin State of the northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar.	Hpakant	Myanmar
country	The township of Waihola lies between Dunedin and Milton, New Zealand in Otago, in New Zealand's South Island.	Waihola	New Zealand
country	Reykjavík International Film Festival (RIFF; Icelandic: Alþjóðleg kvikmyndahátíð í Reykjavík) is an international film festival held annually in Reykjavík, Iceland.	Reykjavík International Film Festival	Iceland
country	Giewont ((ˈɡʲɛvɔnt)) is a mountain massif in the Tatra Mountains of Poland, and is 1,895 metres AMSL at its highest.	Giewont	Poland
country	Teshio Mountains (天塩山地 Teshio-sanchi) is a mountain range of Hokkaidō, Japan.	Teshio Mountains	Japan
country	Gareva (Serbian Cyrillic: Гарева) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gareva	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Neyasar Rural District (Persian: دهستان نياسر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Neyasar Rural District	Iran
country	Chencha (also known as Dincha) is a town in southern Ethiopia.	Chencha	Ethiopia
country	Tsangano District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique.	Tsangano District	Mozambique
country	Concert At Sea is a pop festival in the Netherlands held every summer (end of June) on the Brouwersdam in the province of Zeeland.	Concert At Sea	Netherlands
country	Mersin Interfaith Cemetery (Turkish: Mersin Şehir Mezarlığı), also called Mersin Asri Cemetery and Akbelen Cemetery, is a burial ground in Mersin, Turkey.	Mersin Interfaith Cemetery	Turkey
country	Altiplanicie de Almansa is a comarca of the Province of Albacete, Spain.	Altiplanicie de Almansa	Spain
country	Wepener is a village in the Free State, South Africa, located near the border with Lesotho.	Wepener	South Africa
country	Zlatorog Arena (Slovene: Dvorana Zlatorog) is an indoor sporting arena located in Celje, Slovenia and it was opened in December 2003.	Zlatorog Arena	Slovenia
country	Galiakot is a census town in Dungarpur District of Rajasthan, India.	Galiakot	India
country	Fesha-e Sofla (Persian: فشائسفلي‎, also Romanized as Feshā''-e Soflá; also known as Feshāh-e Soflá, Foshāh-e Pāīn, and Pashá-e Soflá) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fesha-e Sofla	Iran
country	Farin Ruwa Falls is a waterfall found in the central region of Nigeria.	Farin Ruwa Falls	Nigeria
country	Ab Qalat (Persian: اب قلات‎, also Romanized as Āb Qalāt and Ābqalāt) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Qalat	Iran
country	Everöd Church (Swedish: Everöds kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in Everöd in the province of Scania, Sweden.	Everöd Church	Sweden
country	Bečaje (pronounced (bɛˈtʃaːjɛ)) is a small settlement northeast of Begunje pri Cerknici in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bečaje	Slovenia
country	Sterkstroom is a settlement in Inkwanca Local Municipality of the Chris Hani District in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Sterkstroom	South Africa
country	Tanji is a town in Gambia, along the Atlantic coast.	Tanji	Gambia
country	Waverley Municipal Council (or Waverley Council) is a local government area in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Waverley Municipal Council	Australia
country	Margan-e Esmail Kandi (Persian: مرگن اسماعيل كندي‎, also Romanized as Margan-e Esmā``īl Kandī) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District, Qarah Quyun District, Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 416, in 92 families.	Margan-e Esmail Kandi	Iran
country	Lubomino (lubɔˈminɔ) (German Arnsdorf) is a village in Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lubomino	Poland
country	Aleh Negev (Hebrew: עָלֶה נֶגֶב) is a rehabilitation village for disabled children and adults in southern Israel.	Aleh Negev	Israel
country	Aghapura (Telugu: అఘపుర) (Urdu: آغاپورہ‎) is a neighbourhood in Hyderabad, India.	Aghapura	India
country	Jogbani is a town, a notified area and a railway station in Araria District of Bihar state, India.	Jogbani	India
country	Gaurishankar Conservation Area is a protected area in the Himalayas of Nepal that has been established in January 2010, covering 2,179 km2 (841 sq mi) in the Ramechhap, Dolakha and Sindhupalchok districts and encompassing 22 Village Development Committees.	Gaurishankar Conservation Area	Nepal
country	Artavazik Church (Armenian: Արտավազիկ եկեղեցի) of the 7th century is located in a stone field one kilometer northeast just a little outside the village of Byurakan in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Artavazik Church	Armenia
country	Kaimata is a locality in Taranaki, New Zealand.	Kaimata	New Zealand
country	Dagebüll lighthouse is a retired lighthouse in Dagebüll, Nordfriesland, Germany.	Dagebüll lighthouse	Germany
country	The Council House of Villarrobledo (Spanish: Casa consistorial de Villarrobledo) is a council house located in Villarrobledo, Spain.	Council House of Villarrobledo	Spain
country	Abovce (Hungarian: Abafalva) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Abovce	Slovakia
country	Nabta Playa was once a large internally drained basin in the Nubian Desert, located approximately 800 kilometers south of modern-day Cairo or about 100 kilometers west of Abu Simbel in southern Egypt, 22.51° north, 30.73° east.	Nabta Playa	Egypt
country	Chutes Provincial Park is a recreation class provincial park in Sables-Spanish Rivers, Ontario near the community of Massey, Ontario, Canada.	Chutes Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Livigno Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy, around the Italian village Livigno.	Livigno Alps	Switzerland
country	San José del Guaviare is a town and municipality in Colombia, capital of the department of Guaviare by the Guaviare River.	San José del Guaviare	Colombia
country	Durban High School is an all-boys public school in Durban, South Africa.	Durban High School	South Africa
country	Litmanová (Rusyn: Літманова, Litmanova; Ukrainian: Литманова, Lytmanova; German: Littmannsau; Hungarian: Hársád - until 1902 Littmanova) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Litmanová	Slovakia
country	The Rienz (Italian: Rienza, German: Rienz) is a river in South Tyrol, Italy.	Rienz	Italy
country	McKinnon's Pond is a lake just north of St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda, the capital of its country.	McKinnon's Pond	Antigua and Barbuda
country	They live in many parts of Pakistan and India including Kaddi, Zaida, Marghuz, Lahor, Beka, Sala, Haryan in Pakistan and Bhopal, Delhi, Agraa and Pathan Kot in India.	Kaddi	Pakistan
country	Chah Gorg (Persian: چاه گرگ‎, also Romanized as Chāh Gorg; also known as Chāh-e Gol and Chāh Gol) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Gorg	Iran
country	The Citadelle of Quebec (French: Citadelle de Québec), also known as La Citadelle, is an active military installation and official residence of both the Canadian monarch and the Governor General of Canada.	Citadelle of Quebec	Canada
country	Mallazai or Malazai is a settlement in the Quetta District of the province of Balochistan, Pakistan.	Mallazai	Pakistan
country	Bir Shreshtha Noor Mohammad Public College (BNMPC) (Bengali: বীরশ্রেষ্ঠ নূর মোহাম্মদ পাবলিক কলেজ) (formerly known as Bir Shreshtha Noor Mohammad Rifles Public School & College (BNMRPSC)) is a Bangladeshi Secondary School and College situated inside the Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) HQ in Dhanmondi, Dhaka.	Bir Shreshtha Noor Mohammad Public College	Bangladesh
country	The Imjin River (Hangul: 임진강 in South Korea) or Rimjin River (Chosŏn'gŭl: 림진강 in North Korea) is the 7th largest river in Korea.	Imjin River	North Korea
country	Donja Kočela (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Кочела) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donja Kočela	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Exploits Valley Salmon Festival is an annual festival held in Grand Falls-Windsor of the Exploits Valley, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada that dates back to 1985.	Exploits Valley Salmon Festival	Canada
country	The Luard Islands are an archipelago off the coast of Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.	Luard Islands	Papua New Guinea
country	Haselbachtal is a municipality in the district of Bautzen in the Free State of Saxony, Germany with a population of 4,648.	Haselbachtal	Germany
country	The Scottish Liberal Democrats (Scottish Gaelic: Libearal Deamocratach na h-Alba, Scots: Scots Leeberal Democrats) is a social-liberal, unionist, political party in Scotland.	Scottish Liberal Democrats	Scotland
country	Taksimo Airport is an airport in Russia located 3 km northeast of Taksimo.	Taksimo Airport	Russia
country	Downtown Dubai, previously known as Downtown Burj Dubai, is a large-scale, mixed-use complex under development in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Downtown Dubai	United Arab Emirates
country	Sikaiana (formerly called the Stewart Islands) is a small atoll in the Solomon Islands 212 km NE of Malaita.	Sikaiana	Solomon Islands
country	Kolleg St. Ludwig is a campus located in Vlodrop, The Netherlands.	Kolleg St. Ludwig	Netherlands
country	Vaskareh (Persian: وسكاره‎, also Romanized as Vaskāreh and Vesgāreh; also known as Vesgāh) is a village in Abali Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Vaskareh	Iran
country	Joghol-e Olya (Persian: جغل عليا‎, also Romanized as Joghol-e ``Olyā) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 17 families.	Joghol-e Olya	Iran
country	Armstrong railway station is located in the town of Armstrong, Ontario, Canada.	Armstrong railway station	Canada
country	The Finger Wharf or Woolloomooloo Wharf is a wharf in Woolloomooloo Bay, Sydney, Australia.	Finger Wharf	Australia
country	Thermaikos (Greek: Θερμαϊκός) is a suburban municipality of the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Greece.	Thermaikos	Greece
country	Hinako Islands is a group of small islands off the coast of Nias Island in the North Sumatra Province of Indonesia.	Hinako Islands	Indonesia
country	The Teatro Metastasio is a theatre located in Prato, Italy.	Teatro Metastasio	Italy
country	The Zinalrothorn (4,221 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland.	Zinalrothorn	Switzerland
country	Srinagar Jammu National Highway is the part of National Highway 1A (India) system and connects Srinagar (kashmir valley) with Jammu City.	Srinagar Jammu National Highway	India
country	The Sydney College of Divinity (SCD) is a consortium of Christian theological educational institutions and bible colleges based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Sydney College of Divinity	Australia
country	Efjorden (Norwegian) or Áhtávuodna (Lule Sami) is a fjord in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county, Norway.	Efjorden	Norway
country	Parktown Boys' High School is a public high school for boys in Parktown, a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa.	Parktown Boys' High School	South Africa
country	Jane Furse is a small rural town in the Sekhukhune District Municipality in the Limpopo Province, South Africa.	Jane Furse	South Africa
country	Eminów (ɛˈminuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Eminów	Poland
country	Bukit Putus Viaduct is the second highest bridge in Malaysia.	Bukit Putus Viaduct	Malaysia
country	The Nova Scotia Lighthouse Preservation Society (NSLPS) is a non profit charitable organization that works to save lighthouses in the province of Nova Scotia, Canada.	Nova Scotia Lighthouse Preservation Society	Canada
country	The Royal Bull's Head Inn is a heritage-listed historical hotel located in Drayton, Queensland, Australia.	Royal Bull's Head Inn	Australia
country	Arnac-sur-Dourdou (Occitan: Arnac) is a French commune in the Aveyron department in the Midi-Pyrénées region of southern France.	Arnac-sur-Dourdou	France
country	Chowk Pindori is located near Kallar Sayedan about 30 km away from Rawalpindi, Pakistan.	Chowk Pindori	Pakistan
country	Khoshuiyeh (Persian: خشوئيه‎, also Romanized as Khoshū’īyeh and Khoshū’īeh; also known as Khowshū’īyeh and Zard Khoshū’īyeh) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District, Bagh-e Bahadoran District, Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Khoshuiyeh	Iran
country	Przeginia Narodowa (pʂɛˈɡiɲa narɔˈdɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przeginia Narodowa	Poland
country	Mount Xiqiao is a 40- to 50-million-year-old extinct volcano situated in the south west of the Nanhai District, Foshan, Guangdong, People's Republic of China some 68 km (42 mi) from Guangzhou.	Mount Xiqiao	People's Republic of China
country	Tamarang Shire is a former local government area in New South Wales, Australia.	Tamarang Shire	Australia
country	The Athenaeum or Melbourne Athenaeum is one of the oldest public institutions in Victoria, Australia, founded in 1839.	Melbourne Athenaeum	Australia
country	Reigilaid is a small islet in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia.	Reigilaid	Estonia
country	Shuraq Gol (Persian: شوراق گل‎, also Romanized as Shūrāq Gol; also known as Shūrāghol) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shuraq Gol	Iran
country	Markvelde is a hamlet in the eastern Netherlands.	Markvelde	Netherlands
country	The Hutt Valley is the large area of fairly flat land in the Hutt River valley in the Wellington region of New Zealand.	Hutt Valley	New Zealand
country	Maniowy (maˈɲɔvɨ) is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship about 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.	Maniowy	Poland
country	Qillwiri (Aymara qillwa, qiwña, qiwlla Andean gull, -(i)ri a suffix, also spelled Khellhuiri) is a mountain in the Andes on the border of Bolivia and Chile.	Qillwiri	Bolivia
country	Djarindjin is a medium-sized Aboriginal community located 170 km from Broome in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Broome.	Djarindjin	Australia
country	Årby or Årby housing projects is one of the public housing and private owned developments in Eskilstuna, Sweden.	Årby	Sweden
country	Rapti Bobani (Serbian Cyrillic: Рапти Бобани) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rapti Bobani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Dečani Bistrica (Serbo-Croatian: Dečanska Bistrica; Serbian pronunciation: (detʃani), Serbian Cyrillic: Дечанска Бистрица; Albanian: Bistrica e Deçanit or Lumbardhi i Deçanit) is a river in Kosovo.	Dečani Bistrica	Kosovo
country	Zubovskaya Bay (Russian: Зубовская губа) is a body of water (bay) on the northwestern coast of the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Zubovskaya Bay	Russia
country	Nivillac (Breton: Nivilieg) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Nivillac	France
country	The ruins of Aguntum are Roman site in East Tirol, Austria, located approximately 4 km east of Lienz in the Drau valley.	Aguntum	Austria
country	Nimdangi (Persian: نيمدانگي‎, also Romanized as Nīmdāngī and Nīm Dāngī) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nimdangi	Iran
country	The Zec Lavigne is a ``zone d'exploitation contrôlée'' (Controlled harvesting zone) (ZEC) located at north of Saint-Côme, in administrative region of Lanaudière, in Quebec, in Canada.	Zec Lavigne	Canada
country	Sidi Khouiled (Arabic: ﺳﻴﺪي ﺧﻮﻳﻠﺪ‎) is a town and commune, and capital of Sidi Khouiled District, in Ouargla Province, Algeria.	Sidi Khouiled	Algeria
country	Baseball New Brunswick is the provincial governing body for baseball in New Brunswick, Canada.	Baseball New Brunswick	Canada
country	Gagnef is the second largest locality situated in Gagnef Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with 1,049 inhabitants in 2010.	Gagnef	Sweden
country	The Collegium Canisianum or simply Canisianum in Innsbruck, Austria, is an international priests' seminary of the Roman Catholic church run by the Jesuits.	Collegium Canisianum	Austria
country	Valathala is a place located in the town of Nemmara, Palakkad district, Kerala, India.	Valathala	India
country	Vila Nova da Barquinha (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɐ βɐɾˈkiɲɐ)) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in Portugal.	Vila Nova da Barquinha	Portugal
country	Żagań (ˈʐaɡaɲ) (French and German: Sagan, Upper Sorbian: Zahań, Czech: Zaháň, Latin: Saganum) is a town on the Bóbr river in western Poland, with 26,253 inhabitants (2010).	Żagań	Poland
country	Hoseynabad-e Qashqai (Persian: حسين ابادقشقايي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Qashqā’ī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Qashqai	Iran
country	Psarofai (Greek: Ψαροφάι) is a neighbourhood in the eastcentral part of the city of Patras, Greece, 3 km east-southeast of the downtown core.	Psarofai	Greece
country	Chak 63 RB Nihaloana Sahmal (چک 63 رب نہالوآنا ساہمل) (also known as Nihaluana or Nihalwana) is a village in Faisalabad district, Jaranwala Tehsil, Panjab, Pakistan.	Chak 63 RB Nihaloana Sahmal	Pakistan
country	Milltownpass (Irish: Bealach Bhaile an Mhuileann) is a village in County Westmeath, Ireland.	Milltownpass	Ireland
country	Pétionville (also written Pétion-Ville) is a commune and a suburb of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, in the hills east and separate of the city itself on the northern hills of the Massif de la Selle.	Pétionville	Haiti
country	Novosad (Hungarian: Bodzásújlak) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south-eastern Slovakia.	Novosad	Slovakia
country	European Union Force RCA, commonly referred as EUFOR RCA, is the United Nations-mandated European Union peacekeeping mission in Bangui, capital of the Central African Republic.	EUFOR RCA	Central African Republic
country	Macau Tower Convention & Entertainment Centre (Chinese: 澳門旅遊塔會展娛樂中心;Portuguese: Centro de Convenções e Entretenimento da Torre de Macau), also known as Macau Tower, is a tower located in the Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.	Macau Tower	People's Republic of China
country	Auditorio Telmex (English: Telmex Auditorium, originally Auditorio Metropolitano) is an indoor amphitheatre, located in Zapopan, Mexico.	Telmex Auditorium	Mexico
country	Tylstrup is a satellite community outside Aalborg, Denmark.	Tylstrup	Denmark
country	Ərziküş (also, Erzikyush) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərziküş	Azerbaijan
country	Tsabit (Arabic: ﺗﺴﺎﺑﻴﺖ‎) is a town and commune, and capital of Tsabit District, in Adrar Province, south-central Algeria.	Tsabit	Algeria
country	The Transport Ticketing Authority (TTA) was a statutory authority within the Department of Transport in the State Government of Victoria, Australia.	Transport Ticketing Authority	Australia
country	Adigrat (Ge'ez: ዓዲግራት) is a city and separate woreda in the Tigray Region (or kilil) of Ethiopia.	Adigrat	Ethiopia
country	Chinkani (chinka a type of water plant, Aymara -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with the chinka plant'', also spelled Chincani) is a mountain east of the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Bolivia, about 4,600 metres (15,092 ft) high.	Chinkani	Bolivia
country	The National Stud is a United Kingdom Thoroughbred horse breeding farm located two miles from Newmarket.	The National Stud	United Kingdom
country	Hisek (Persian: هيسك‎, also Romanized as Hīsek; also known as Hasek) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hisek	Iran
country	Bloška Polica (pronounced (ˈbloːʃka pɔˈliːtsa)) is a village east of Grahovo in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bloška Polica	Slovenia
country	Isla Bastimentos National Marine Park (in Spanish: Parque Nacional Marino Isla Bastimentos) is a marine park located in the Bocas del Toro District and archipelago of Bocas del Toro Province, Panama.	Isla Bastimentos National Marine Park	Panama
country	The Stoličná hora (also Kvádrovec, Kvádrberk, German: Quaderberg) is a table hill near Děčín (Tetschen) in the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.	Stoličná hora	Czech Republic
country	Dojran (Macedonian: Дојран (ˈdɔjran)) was a city on the west shore of Dojran Lake in the south-east part of the Republic of Macedonia.	Dojran	Macedonia
country	Loganlea State High School (LSHS) is a secondary school in Neridah Street at Loganlea, Logan City, Queensland, Australia, for students between years 7 and 12.	Loganlea State High School	Australia
country	Archbishop Jordan High School is an academic Catholic secondary school located in Sherwood Park, Alberta, Canada.	Archbishop Jordan High School	Canada
country	Duduza is a township west of Nigel on the East Rand, Gauteng, South Africa.	Duduza	South Africa
country	Blatnica Castle (Slovak: Blatnický hrad) is a Gothic castle whose ruins are situated near the village of Blatnica, on the foot of the Greater Fatra Range in Slovakia.	Blatnica Castle	Slovakia
country	Windsorton is an agricultural town situated in the Vaalharts Irrigation Scheme on the banks of the Vaal River in the Northern Cape province of South Africa.	Windsorton	South Africa
country	Matinhos is a municipality in Brazil that arose in 1920s.	Matinhos	Brazil
country	Auraiya (Hindi: औरैया, Urdu: اوریہ‎) is a city and a municipal board in Auraiya district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Auraiya	India
country	Talayuela is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, (Spain).	Talayuela	Spain
country	The Mingtan Dam (Chinese: 明潭壩; pinyin: Míngtán Bà) is a dam that spans the Shuili River about 4 km (2.5 mi) downstream from the outlet of Sun Moon Lake in central Taiwan with a height of about 61.5 m (202 ft).	Mingtan Dam	Taiwan
country	The Venetia Limpopo Nature Reserve is situated in the northern-most parts of South Africa, and is owned by the De Beers Diamond Mining Company - the mine itself is actually within the confines of the reserve.	Venetia Limpopo Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	Cheniguel (Arabic: شنيقل‎) is a town and commune in Médéa Province, Algeria.	Cheniguel	Algeria
country	Lojsta Castle (Lojsta slott) in Stånga socken on the border of Lojsta, Gotland, Sweden, is, despite its name, not a ``castle'' in the normal sense, i.e. it is not a palacelike manor.	Lojsta Castle	Sweden
country	Sarantaporo (Greek: Σαραντάπορο) is a village and a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Sarantaporo	Greece
country	The Bukhtarma Hydroelectric Power Plant (Бухтарминская ГЭС) is a hydroelectric power plant on the Irtysh River 5 kilometres (3 mi) upstream of the town of Serebryansk, in East Kazakhstan Province of Kazakhstan.	Bukhtarma Hydroelectric Power Plant	Kazakhstan
country	Lake Barrea, is an artificial lake in the Province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, Italy.	Lake Barrea	Italy
country	Kleinlützel Priory was a small religious house at Kleinlützel, a community in the district of Thierstein in the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.	Kleinlützel Priory	Switzerland
country	Het Dolhuys is a national museum for psychiatry in Haarlem, Netherlands.	Het Dolhuys	Netherlands
country	Volos Municipal Stadium is a sports stadium in Volos, Greece used for football matches.	Volos Municipal Stadium	Greece
country	The 2010 Dawu fire was a wildgrass fire incident that occurred in Dawu County, Sichuan, People's Republic of China on December 5, 2010.	2010 Dawu fire	People's Republic of China
country	Dzyhivka (Ukrainian: Дзигівка) is one of the oldest villages in central Ukraine, of Yampіlsky Raion (district), Vinnytsia Oblast.	Dzyhivka	Ukraine
country	The Tamá National Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Natural Tamá) is a national park located in the Andean Region of Colombia, between the municipalities Toledo and Herrán, in the Norte de Santander Department, in the northeastern part of the Cordillera Oriental range.	Tamá National Natural Park	Colombia
country	Ndai (local spelling Dai) is an island in the Solomon Islands; it is located in Malaita Province.	Ndai	Solomon Islands
country	Rizak (Persian: ريزك‎, also Romanized as Rīzak) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Rizak	Iran
country	Abdón Castro Tolay is a rural municipality and village in the Cochinoca department in Jujuy Province in Argentina.	Abdón Castro Tolay	Argentina
country	Sanghaebong is a mountain of South Korea.	Sanghaebong	South Korea
country	Ushannapalli is a village in Kalva Srirampur Mandal, Karimnagar district of the state of Andhra Pradesh, India with a population of approximately 2000.	Ushannapalli	India
country	The Grand Forks Railway (reporting mark GFR) is a Canadian short line railway company operating 3.7 miles of former Canadian Pacific Railway trackage in British Columbia, Canada.	Grand Forks Railway	Canada
country	Ozerkovići (Serbian: Озерковићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ozerkovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Airport Industrial Zone (Persian: شهرك صنعتي فرودگاه‎ -- Shahrak-e Şanʿatī-ye Farūdegāh) is a village and company town in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Airport Industrial Zone	Iran
country	The Lunigiana is an historical territory of Italy, which today falls within the provinces of La Spezia and Massa Carrara.	Lunigiana	Italy
country	Rwenzori Mountains National Park is located in southwestern Uganda on the east side of the western (Albertine) African rift valley.	Rwenzori Mountains National Park	Uganda
country	Walvis Bay Urban is a constituency in the Erongo Region of Namibia, comprising the city of Walvis Bay.	Walvis Bay Urban	Namibia
country	The Harlingen Lighthouse (Vuurtoren van Harlingen) is a deactivated lighthouse in the town of Harlingen, Friesland, Netherlands, that is now used as hotel accommodation.	Harlingen Lighthouse	Netherlands
country	Gyeryongsan National Park (Korean: 계룡산국립공원, 鷄龍山國立公園) is one of 20 national parks in South Korea.	Gyeryongsan National Park	South Korea
country	Shonqushabad (Persian: شنقوش اباد‎, also Romanized as Shonqūshābād) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shonqushabad	Iran
country	Petrodvortsovy District (Russian: Петродворцо́вый райо́н) is a district of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia.	Petrodvortsovy District	Russia
country	Bairro Sul, literally the South Neighborhood, also known as Lapa, is the fishery district of the city of Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal.	Bairro Sul	Portugal
country	Aubie-et-Espessas is a former commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.	Aubie-et-Espessas	France
country	Veraiyur is a panchayat town in Tiruvanamalai district, Tamil Nadu India.	Veraiyur	India
country	Samaquta (Aymara sama color, quta lake, ``color lake'', hispanicized spelling Samaccota) is a lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region, Caylloma Province, Tisco District, northeast of the mountain P'allqa (Palca) and northwest of Samaquta.	Samaquta	Peru
country	Ranérou Ferlo Department is one of the departments of Senegal, located in the Matam Region of the country.	Ranérou Ferlo Department	Senegal
country	Serpentine Gorge is one of the gorges in the West MacDonnell Ranges in Australia's Northern Territory.	Serpentine Gorge	Australia
country	Seme Border is a settlement in Nigeria on the border with Benin, ten minutes drive from Badagry on the coastal road between Lagos and Cotonou.	Seme Border	Nigeria
country	Ouanaminthe (Haitian Creole: Wanament or Wanamèt; Spanish: Juana Méndez) is a commune located in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.	Ouanaminthe	Haiti
country	Khornabuji Castle (Georgian: ხორნაბუჯი?), also sometimes known as the Castle of Queen Tamara, is an ancient castle in the eastern part of Georgia.	Khornabuji Castle	Georgia
country	Nepravdići (Serbian: Неправдићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nepravdići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Port Maputo, or the Maputo Port Development Company (MPDC), is a parastatal authority that operates and governs the Mozambique ports of Maputo and Matola, located in the south of the Mozambique Channel in the southwest Indian Ocean.	Port Maputo	Mozambique
country	Charra Pani is a hill station in the Galyat region of northern Pakistan.	Charra Pani	Pakistan
country	Bosau is a municipality on the Great Plön Lake the district of Ostholstein, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Bosau	Germany
country	Ramanamudalipudur is a town situated in Coimbatore rural district, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Ramanamudalipudur	India
country	Jabłonowo Pomorskie (jabwɔˈnɔvɔ pɔˈmɔrskʲɛ) (German: Jablonowo, since 1903 Goßlershausen) is a town in the Brodnica powiat of the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Jabłonowo Pomorskie	Poland
country	Babia Góra National Park (Polish: Babiogórski Park Narodowy) is one of the 23 national parks in Poland, located in the southern part of the country, in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, on the border with Slovakia.	Babia Góra National Park	Poland
country	The Castelli di Cannero are three rocky islets of Lake Maggiore in northern Italy.	Castelli di Cannero	Italy
country	Founded as the Reading Camp Association, Frontier College aims to improve literacy levels in Canada by providing education to those who seek assistance with their learning and have been overlooked or left behind by the formal educational system.	Frontier College	Canada
country	Moissy-Moulinot is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France, Burgundy.	Moissy-Moulinot	France
country	The Barra Grande Hydroelectric Power Plant is a dam and hydroelectric power plant on the Pelotas River near Celso Ramos on the border of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Barra Grande Hydroelectric Power Plant	Brazil
country	Stegienka (stɛˈɡʲɛnka) (German: Steegnerwerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stegienka	Poland
country	The Ilha Grande National Park (Parque Nacional de Ilha Grande) is located on the border between Paraná and Mato Grosso do Sul states in Brazil.	Ilha Grande National Park	Brazil
country	Coboconk was home to several grist and lumber mills, as well as brick kilns for several brick makers, including the Toronto Brick Company and the Canada Lime Company, which continued to operate into the mid-twentieth century, and a large limestone quarry.	Coboconk	Canada
country	Esfarvarin District (Persian: بخش اسفرورین‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Esfarvarin District	Iran
country	Črnuče (pronounced (tʃəɾˈnuːtʃɛ); German: Tschernutsch) is a former town in the northern part of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Črnuče	Slovenia
country	Monte Guilarte is a mountain in Puerto Rico measuring 1,204 meters (3,950 ft) above sea level.	Monte Guilarte	Puerto Rico
country	Paracho de Verduzco (often called merely Paracho) is a small city located in Michoacán, Mexico.	Paracho de Verduzco	Mexico
country	The University of Pretoria is a multi campus public research university in Pretoria, the administrative and de facto capital of South Africa.	University of Pretoria	South Africa
country	The South West Rail Link is a railway line serving the developing suburbs of south western Sydney, Australia.	South West Rail Link	Australia
country	Goris Airport, also known as Shinuyar Airport or Shinuhayr Airport is located to the south of Goris, near the village of Shinuhayr, Syunik Province, Armenia.	Goris Airport	Armenia
country	Godinje (Годиње) is a village in Montenegro, in the municipality of Bar.	Godinje	Montenegro
country	Estadio Gaspar Mass is an artificial turf stadium in Monterrey, Mexico.	Estadio Gaspar Mass	Mexico
country	Veliki Podlog (pronounced (ˈʋeːliki ˈpoːdlɔk); German: Großpodlog) is a village in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Veliki Podlog	Slovenia
country	Gare de Dreux is a railway station serving the town Dreux, Eure-et-Loir department, northwestern France.	Gare de Dreux	France
country	Karkor - foundation, a place in the open desert wastes on the east of Jordan (Judges 8:10), not far beyond Succoth and Penuel, to the south.	Karkor	Jordan
country	A medieval road crossed Dulje, from Prizren to Štimlje, further to the interior of Serbia.	Dulje	Serbia
country	Dibobly (also spelled Dibobli) is a village in western Ivory Coast.	Dibobly	Ivory Coast
country	The Austin 400 was a motor racing event for V8 Supercars that took place at the Circuit of the Americas in Travis County near Austin, Texas, United States of America in 2013.	Austin 400	United States of America
country	Ticuantepe is a municipality in the Managua department of Nicaragua with an estimated population of 34,000.	Ticuantepe	Nicaragua
country	Jahandiz (Persian: جهندديز‎, also Romanized as Jahandīz and Jahāndīz) is a village in Qaflankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jahandiz	Iran
country	Terror Australis: the Australian Horror and Fantasy Magazine (1988-1992) was Australia's first mass market horror magazine.	Terror Australis	Australia
country	Lei Cheng Uk Estate (Chinese: 李鄭屋邨; Jyutping: lei5 zeng6 nguk1 cyun1) is a public housing estate and Tenants Purchase Scheme estate in Lei Cheng Uk, downhill from Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong, located near the So Uk Estate.	Lei Cheng Uk Estate	Hong Kong
country	At Turbah is a town on the coast of the Red Sea in Taiz Governorate, Yemen.	At Turbah	Yemen
country	The Nemuro Peninsula (根室半島 Nemuro-hantō) is a peninsula which extends from the east coast of Hokkaidō, Japan.	Nemuro Peninsula	Japan
country	Sant Fruitós de Bages (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsam fɾujˈtoz ðə ˈβaʒəs)) is a municipality in the comarca of Bages in Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Fruitós de Bages	Spain
country	Kadungooth is a small place in Koottilangadi Panchayath, Malappuram district, Perinthalmanna Taluk, Kerala, India.	Kadungooth	India
country	Deer Park Žehušice is a natural reserve located close to village Žehušice, Czech Republic.	Deer Park Žehušice	Czech Republic
country	Manakara Airport (IATA: WVK, ICAO: FMSK) is an airport in Manakara, Vatovavy-Fitovinany Region, Madagascar, located on the east coast on the island.	Manakara Airport	Madagascar
country	Pociūnai Airport (ICAO: EYPR), also known as Prienai Airport or Prienai Pociūnai Airport, is an aerodrome and a small airport located in Ašminta elderate of Kaunas district municipality, Lithuania; 38 km south of the Kaunas centre.	Pociūnai Airport	Lithuania
country	Jiršovci (pronounced (ˈjiːɾʃɔu̯tsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia.	Jiršovci	Slovenia
country	ASC Duisburg (Amateur-Schwimm-Club Duisburg), or simply Duisburg is a sports club based in the city of Duisburg, in Germany.	ASC Duisburg	Germany
country	Al Jaddaf (Arabic: الجداف‎), also spelled Al Jadaf, is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Jaddaf	United Arab Emirates
country	The Reñihué River is a river in the Palena Province of the Los Lagos Region in Chile.	Reñihué River	Chile
country	Chenab West Bank railway station (Urdu: چناب ویسٹ بنک ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located at west bank of river Chenab at Muzaffargarh to Multan road, Pakistan.	Chenab West Bank railway station	Pakistan
country	The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant (Persian: نیروگاه اتمی بوشهر‎‎) is a nuclear power plant in Iran 17 kilometres (11 mi) southeast of the city of Bushehr, between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf.	Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant	Iran
country	The Rohrenkopf is a mountain, 1,169.8 m above sea level (NHN) high, in the Southern Black Forest in Germany.	Rohrenkopf	Germany
country	Tisaura is a village in India, located 20 kilometres (12 mi) from the cantonment railway station in Varanasi and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from its airport.	Tisaura	India
country	Hajji Khvosh (Persian: حاجي خوش‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Khvosh; also known as Ḩajjt Khowsh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hajji Khvosh	Iran
country	The Waikato Expressway is a dual carriageway section of State Highway 1 in the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand that is being constructed in stages.	Waikato Expressway	New Zealand
country	Bangowani is a village located in the Gurdaspur district, Punjab, India.	Bangowani	India
country	Sama Beirut is an upcoming residential, commercial and office tower in the Sodeco region of Beirut, Lebanon.	Sama Beirut	Lebanon
country	Borajno (Cyrillic: Борајно) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Borajno	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Pogrzymie (pɔˈɡʐɨmjɛ) (German: Birkenwerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pogrzymie	Poland
country	EKO Cobra (Einsatzkommando Cobra) is Austria's primary counter-terrorism special operations tactical unit.	EKO Cobra	Austria
country	Fangye Signal Station (Chinese: 枋野號誌站; pinyin: Fāngyě Hàozhì Zhàn) is a manned railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) South-Link Line located in Shihzih Township, Pingtung County, Taiwan.	Fangye Signal Station	Taiwan
country	Indre Nørrebro (lit. English, ``Inner Nørrebro''), is one of the 15 administrative, statistical, and tax city districts (bydele) comprising the municipality of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Indre Nørrebro	Denmark
country	Mission Camp, Sardarabad (Persian: اردوگاه بعثت‎ -- Ārdūgāh Beʿs̱at) is a village in Sardarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mission Camp, Sardarabad	Iran
country	Ferrobaires is the commercial name of a public railway company which operates extensive long-distance passenger trains throughout Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	Ferrobaires	Argentina
country	St George's Church, Bergen (Norwegian: Sankt Jørgen kirke) is a large wooden church (and museum) in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	St George's Church, Bergen	Norway
country	Mazraeh-ye Azad Khani (Persian: مزرعه ازادخاني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āzād Khānī) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Azad Khani	Iran
country	The Sveti Rok Tunnel is a highway tunnel in Lika, Croatia.	Sveti Rok Tunnel	Croatia
country	The St. Vital Historical Society is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada located at 600 St. Mary's Road in the old fire hall built in 1914.	St. Vital Historical Society	Canada
country	Podnemić (Serbian Cyrillic: Поднемић) is a village in Serbia.	Podnemić	Serbia
country	Omana Regional Park is situated 42 km (40 mins) drive south east of Auckland city, New Zealand just before entering Maraetai township.	Omana Regional Park	New Zealand
country	Podnart (pronounced (pɔˈdnaɾt)) is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podnart	Slovenia
country	La Zarza mine is an abandoned mine near the town of La Zarza, Huelva, Andalucia, Spain.	La Zarza mine	Spain
country	Nura District (Kazakh: Нұра ауданы) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan.	Nura District	Kazakhstan
country	Sandyktau District (Kazakh: Сандықтау ауданы) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan.	Sandyktau District	Kazakhstan
country	Trebonne is a town in the Shire of Hinchinbrook, Queensland, Australia.	Trebonne	Australia
country	Chiayi Station (Chinese: 嘉義車站; pinyin: Jiāyì Chēzhàn; Wade--Giles: Chia1-i4 Ch'e1-chan4) is a railway station located in West District, Chiayi City, Taiwan, which serves Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line and the Alishan Forest Railway Main Line (Alishan Line).	Chiayi Station	Taiwan
country	Usphaqucha (Quechua uspha, uchpha ash, rest of combustion, qucha lake, lagoon, ``ash lake'', hispanicized spelling Uspaccocha) is a lake in the Andes of Peru located in the Apurímac Region, Abancay Province, Abancay District.	Usphaqucha	Peru
country	The Sidewinders Speedway is a junior Motorcycle speedway that was opened in 1978 in the semi-industrial Adelaide suburb of Wingfield in South Australia.	Sidewinders Speedway	Australia
country	Mount Porndon is a 278 metre high volcano located 13 kilometres southeast of Camperdown in western Victoria, Australia.	Mount Porndon	Australia
country	Saqeshk (Persian: ساقشك‎, also Romanized as Sāqeshk; also known as Sāgheshk, Sāqesh, Saqish, and Shākhshang) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Saqeshk	Iran
country	Jossigny (pronounced: (ʒɔsiɲi)) is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Jossigny	France
country	Yuxarı Ağcayazı (also, Yukhari Agdzhayazy and Yukhary Agdzhayazy) a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Ağcayazı	Azerbaijan
country	Sežana (pronounced (sɛˈʒaːna); Italian: Sesana) is a town in the Slovenian Littoral region of Slovenia, near the border with Italy.	Sežana	Slovenia
country	Jubail (Arabic: الجبيل‎, Al Jubayl) is a city in the Eastern province on the Persian Gulf coast of Saudi Arabia.	Jubail	Saudi Arabia
country	Mardan Cantonment is a cantonment in the centre of Mardan in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.The famous regiment of Pakistan Army ``The Punjab Regiment centre'' is here in Mardan.	Mardan Cantonment	Pakistan
country	Gorji Bayan (Persian: گرجي بيان‎, also Romanized as Gorjī Bayān; also known as Ghūrjī, Ghūrjī Bayan, and Gorjī) is a village in Gavrud Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gorji Bayan	Iran
country	El Biodh (Arabic: البيوض) is a municipality in Naâma Province, Algeria.	El Biodh	Algeria
country	Kiwaatule is a township within the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital.	Kiwaatule	Uganda
country	Bayangan District (Persian: بخش باینگان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bayangan District	Iran
country	Zillebeke is a village in the Flemish province of West-Vlaanderen in Belgium.	Zillebeke	Belgium
country	The Dilimli Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Büyük River, located 9 km (6 mi) northeast of Yüksekova in Hakkari Province, Turkey.	Dilimli Dam	Turkey
country	The Arrondissement of Verviers (French: Arrondissement de Verviers; German: Verwaltungsbezirk Verviers; Dutch: Arrondissement Verviers) is one of the four administrative arrondissements in the Province of Liège, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Verviers	Belgium
country	The Socialist Reich Party of Germany (German: Sozialistische Reichspartei Deutschlands) was a West German neo-Nazi political party founded in the aftermath of the World War II in 1949 as an openly Nazi oriented split-off from the national conservative German Right Party (DKP-DRP).	Socialist Reich Party	Germany
country	Oterki (ɔˈtɛrki) (German: Klein Ottern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Oterki	Poland
country	Nisga'a Elementary Secondary School (or NESS) is a public K-12 school in Gitlakdamix, British Columbia, Canada.	Nisga'a Elementary Secondary School	Canada
country	The Radical Left Front (Greek: Μέτωπο Ριζοσπαστικής Αριστεράς, Metopo Rizospastikis Aristeras, MERA) was a coalition of radical left political parties in Greece.	Radical Left Front	Greece
country	The Jesuit Block and Estancias of Córdoba (Spanish: Manzana Jesuítica y Estancias de Córdoba) are a former Jesuit reduction built by missionaries in the province of Córdoba, Argentina, named a World Heritage Site in 2000.	Jesuit Block and Estancias of Córdoba	Argentina
country	Røsvik Church (Norwegian: Røsvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.	Røsvik Church	Norway
country	Pajala IF is a sports club club in Pajala, Sweden, established in 1930 playing soccer.	Pajala IF	Sweden
country	The Oberösterreichrundfahrt is a cycling race held annually in the Austrian state Upper Austria.	Oberösterreichrundfahrt	Austria
country	Braslava parish (Latvian: Braslavas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Aloja Municipality, Latvia.	Braslava parish	Latvia
country	Aşağı Qəsil (also, Ashagy Kasil'') is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Qəsil	Azerbaijan
country	Sheela Nagar is a neighborhood situated on the southern part of Visakhapatnam City, India.	Sheela Nagar	India
country	Katutura (Otjiherero for The place where people do not want to live) is a township of Windhoek, Khomas Region, Namibia.	Katutura	Namibia
country	The Synnyr mine is a large potash mine located in eastern Russia in Sakha Republic.	Synnyr mine	Russia
country	Majuba Power Station between Volksrust and Amersfoort in Mpumalanga, South Africa, is a coal-fired power plant operated by Eskom.	Majuba Power Station	South Africa
country	The Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which made a number of changes to the criminal justice system.	Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015	United Kingdom
country	Viniani (Greek: Βίνιανη) is a village and a former municipality in Evrytania, Greece.	Viniani	Greece
country	The Asón-Agüera comarca is a historical region of Cantabria, Spain.	Asón-Agüera	Spain
country	Mozzate is a comune in the southwestern part of the province of Como, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Mozzate	Italy
country	Bia District is a former District of Ghana in the Western Region.	Bia District	Ghana
country	Ab Bar or Abbar (Persian: آب بر‎, also Romanized as Āb Bar; also known as Obar and Ubār) is a city in and capital of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Ab Bar	Iran
country	The Corne de Sorebois is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland.	Corne de Sorebois	Switzerland
country	Collados del Asón Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Natural de los Collados del Asón) is a natural park that includes parts of the Asón River, Cantabria, Spain.	Collados del Asón Natural Park	Spain
country	The Château de Saint-Chaptes is a modernised castle in the commune of Saint-Chaptes in the Gard département of France.	Château de Saint-Chaptes	France
country	Rrëshen (definite Albanian form: Rrësheni) is a small town and a former municipality in Lezhë County, in northern Albania.	Rrëshen	Albania
country	Grzegorzew (ɡʐɛˈɡɔʐɛf) (German: Georgen) is a village in Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Grzegorzew	Poland
country	Dobrovnik (pronounced (dɔˈbrɔ́ːwnik); Hungarian: Dobronak, pronounced (ˈdobronɒk)) is a village in Slovenia and is the seat of the Municipality of Dobrovnik.	Dobrovnik	Slovenia
country	Metallåtervinning Arena (unofficial English translation: Metal recycling Arena), formerly named Gränbyhallen, is an indoor arena located in Uppsala, Sweden, and built in 1974.	Metallåtervinning Arena	Sweden
country	Paiga is a village situated in the Damkhauda Mandal of Bareilly District in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Paiga	India
country	Kompaniivka (Ukrainian: Компаніївка) is an urban-type settlement in Kirovohrad Oblast (region) of central Ukraine.	Kompaniivka	Ukraine
country	Victorino Mapa Street, also known by its short form V. Mapa Street, is the main north-south road in Santa Mesa district in the City of Manila, Philippines.	Victorino Mapa Street	Philippines
country	Qyzylaghash (Kazakh: Қызылағаш), sometimes spelled Kyzylagash, is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Qyzylaghash	Kazakhstan
country	The Italian Graubünden or Italian Grigioni (Italian: Grigionitaliano or Grigioni italiano; German: Italienischbünden; Romansh: Grischun talian) is the region of the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland where Italian and Lombard are spoken.	Italian Graubünden	Switzerland
country	Aldealpozo is a municipality located in the province of Soria, in the autonomous region Castile and León, in Spain.	Aldealpozo	Spain
country	The 1952 Winter Olympics (Norwegian: Vinter-OL 1952), officially known as the VI Olympic Winter Games (French: Les VIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver), took place in Oslo, Norway, from 14 to 25 February.	1952 Winter Olympics	Norway
country	Polli Sree College (Bengali: পল্লী শ্রী কলেজ) is an intermediate college in Bangladesh.	Polli Sree College	Bangladesh
country	Gorno-Altaysk (Russian: Го́рно-Алта́йск; Altay: Туулу Алтай, Tuulu Altay) is the capital town of the Altai Republic, Russia.	Gorno-Altaysk	Russia
country	The Erdene Zuu Monastery (Mongolian: Эрдэнэ Зуу хийд ) is probably the earliest surviving Buddhist monastery in Mongolia.	Erdene Zuu Monastery	Mongolia
country	The Ali ebn-e Sahl mausoleum is a historical mausoleum in Isfahan, Iran.	Ali ebn-e Sahl mausoleum	Iran
country	The Kristianstad University (Swedish: Högskolan Kristianstad) is a university college (högskola) in Kristianstad, Sweden.	Kristianstad University	Sweden
country	The Afghan National Police (ANP; Pashto: د افغانستان ملي پولیس ‎; Persian: پلیس ملی افغانستان‎‎) is the primary police force of Afghanistan, serving as a single law enforcement agency all across the country.	Afghan National Police	Afghanistan
country	The Las Baulas National Marine Park, in Spanish Parque Nacional Marino Las Baulas is a National Park of Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, and covers approximately 43.243 acres (175 km²) marine just north of the town of Tamarindo.	Las Baulas National Marine Park	Costa Rica
country	The Bolshoy Ice Dome (Russian: Большой Ледовый дворец) is an indoor sports arena located in Sochi, Russia.	Bolshoy Ice Dome	Russia
country	Búlandstindur is a mountain in Eastern Iceland between the bays Berufjörður and Hamarsfjörður.	Búlandstindur	Iceland
country	Jorpati is a very large village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Jorpati	Nepal
country	The Forestry Farm Park and Zoo is a forested park and zoo located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Forestry Farm Park and Zoo	Canada
country	Écuisses is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.	Écuisses	France
country	Suchanino (Kashubian: Cëgónczi, German: Zigankenberg), formerly a village, became in 1902 (as Zigankenberg) a district of the city of Danzig (since 1945 Gdańsk, Poland).	Suchanino	Poland
country	Eden Valley wine region is a wine region located in South Australia immediately north of the capital city of Adelaide which covers an area in the Mount Lofty Ranges extending from Truro in the north to just south of Springton in the south.	Eden Valley wine region	Australia
country	Chernoochene (Bulgarian: Черноочене, pronounced (tʃɛrnuˈɔtʃɛnɛ)); is a village in central southern Bulgaria, part of Kardzhali Province.	Chernoochene	Bulgaria
country	Tahuna Normal Intermediate School is a school for Year 7 (Form One) and Year 8 (Form Two) students, based in Saint Kilda, Dunedin, New Zealand.	Tahuna Normal Intermediate School	New Zealand
country	Yadenitsa is a tributary of Maritsa, with a length of 26 km. It has its origin near Chakaritsa, between the Rila Mountains and Rhodope Mountains, in western Bulgaria.	Yadenitsa	Bulgaria
country	Juana Azurduy de Padilla International Airport (IATA: SRE, ICAO: SLSU) is an airport that serves Sucre, Bolivia, the nation's constitutional capital city.	Juana Azurduy de Padilla International Airport	Bolivia
country	Ristiina was a municipality of Finland.	Ristiina	Finland
country	The Archaeological Museum of Lorca (Museo Arqueológico de Lorca) is an archaeological museum in Lorca, Spain, located in the renovated ``House of Salazar'' which had been built in the early 17th century.	Archaeological Museum of Lorca	Spain
country	The Cité Scolaire Internationale de Lyon (CSI), also known as the ``Lycée International de Lyon'', is an international school located near where the Rhône and the Saône meet in the city of Lyon, France.	Cité Scolaire Internationale de Lyon	France
country	Vircava parish (Latvian: Vircavas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Jelgava Municipality, Latvia.	Vircava parish	Latvia
country	Babdo is a village in the Ipelce Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso.	Babdo	Burkina Faso
country	Nadur Tower (Maltese: Torri tan-Nadur) is a small watchtower in Binġemma Gap, limits of Rabat, Malta.	Nadur Tower	Malta
country	Nazok-e Sofla (Persian: نازك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nāzok-e Soflá; also known as Nāzīk-e Soflá and Nāzok-e Pā’īn) is a village in Gejlarat-e Gharbi Rural District, Aras District, Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nazok-e Sofla	Iran
country	Central Moscow Hippodrome, founded in 1834 is the largest horse racing track as well as horse breeding research facility in Moscow and Russia.	Central Moscow Hippodrome	Russia
country	The Point Andalusia (German: Planquadrat Andalusien) was a set, secret, location in the Southern Atlantic Ocean, used by warships of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during the Second World War.	Point Andalusia	Germany
country	Prey Chas is a khum (commune) of Aek Phnum District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Prey Chas	Cambodia
country	Anheh (Persian: انهه‎, also Romanized as Ānheh; also known as Aneh) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Anheh	Iran
country	Tiduk (Persian: تيدوك‎, also Romanized as Tīdūḵ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tiduk	Iran
country	The Hoher Kleef (306 m above sea level (NN)) is a rock formation in Rübeland in the district of Harz within the Harz mountains of Germany.	Hoher Kleef	Germany
country	Lindavista is a suburb in the north of Mexico City, in the administrative district of Gustavo A. Madero.	Lindavista	Mexico
country	The Bura Gauranga River and sea channel are located in the Patuakhali district of Barisal Division in Bangladesh.	Bura Gauranga River	Bangladesh
country	Plérin (Breton: Plerin, Gallo: Plérein) is a coastal commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plérin	France
country	The Zhovkva Castle (Ukrainian: Жовківський замок; Polish: Zamek w Żółkwi) occupies the principal square of the town of Zhovkva in Ukraine.	Zhovkva Castle	Ukraine
country	Agh Gol (Persian: اغگل‎, also Romanized as Āgh Gol) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Agh Gol	Iran
country	The Marble Arch Caves Global Geopark straddles the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.	Marble Arch Caves Global Geopark	Northern Ireland	Ireland
country	Kępka Szlachecka (ˈkɛmpka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska) (German: Büschel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kępka Szlachecka	Poland
country	Krbava (pronounced (kř̩bav̞a); Latin: Corbavia) is a historical region located in Mountainous Croatia.	Krbava	Croatia
country	Port Colborne (2011 population 18,424) is a city on Lake Erie, at the southern end of the Welland Canal, in the Niagara Region of southern Ontario, Canada.	Port Colborne	Canada
country	Mazagh-e Kurian (Persian: مازغ كوريان‎, also Romanized as Māzagh-e Kūrīān) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mazagh-e Kurian	Iran
country	All Nations University was founded by Rev. Dr. Samuel Donkor in Ghana.	All Nations University	Ghana
country	The Toronto Coach Terminal is the central bus station for inter-city services in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Coach Terminal	Canada
country	Ein HaShlosha (Hebrew: עֵין הַשְּׁלֹשָׁה, lit. Spring of the Three) is a kibbutz in the western Negev desert in Israel.	Ein HaShlosha	Israel
country	Luberadz (luˈbɛrat͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Luberadz	Poland
country	Bruchwałd (ˈbruxfau̯t) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Purda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bruchwałd	Poland
country	The Bulusan Volcano Natural Park is a 3,673-hectare (9,080-acre) protected area of rainforest surrounding Mount Bulusan in the Philippines.	Bulusan Volcano Natural Park	Philippines
country	The Fell Exhibition Slate Mine (German: Besucherbergwerk Fell) is a former slate mine in Germany located about 20 km east from Trier (Germany) and about 60 km east of Luxembourg (city) (Luxembourg) near the villages Fell and Thomm.	Fell Exhibition Slate Mine	Germany
country	The Burnaby Lakers are a Senior ``A'' box lacrosse club based in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada that play in the Western Lacrosse Association (WLA).	Burnaby Lakers	Canada
country	Ganekogorta is a mountain in the border of the provinces of Biscay and Alava (Basque Country, Spain), just between Bilbao and Llodio.	Ganekogorta	Spain
country	Shurjeh Kord (Persian: شورجه كرد‎, also Romanized as Shūrjeh Kord; also known as Shūrjeh and Shūrjeh Ḩamīdīyeh) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shurjeh Kord	Iran
country	Vitcos is an archaeological site in the Cusco Region in Peru, believed to have been used by ruler in exile Manco Inca during the Spanish conquest of the Inca Empire.	Vitcos	Peru
country	Batyieva Hora (Ukrainian: Батиєва Гора) is a former village, and now a historical neighbourhood of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Batyieva Hora	Ukraine
country	Rudboneh (Persian: رودبنه‎, also Romanized as Rūdboneh, Rood Boneh, Rūdbaneh, Rūdbeneh, and Rūd Boneh) is a city in and the capital of Rudboneh District, in Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rudboneh	Iran
country	Ledina (pronounced (lɛˈdiːna)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Ledina	Slovenia
country	Igaliku (IATA: QFX) is a settlement in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland.	Igaliku	Greenland
country	The Center for Marine Studies (Portuguese: Centro de Estudos do Mar, CEM) is a satellite campus and marine research station of the Federal University of Paraná (Portuguese: Universidade Federal do Paraná, UFPR), located in the municipality of Pontal do Paraná, Brazil.	Center for Marine Studies	Brazil
country	The Castra Albana (ˈkastra alˈbaːna) was a permanent fortified camp of the Legio II Parthica, founded in Italy by the Emperor Septimius Severus (193-211) on the modern site of Albano Laziale.	Castra Albana	Italy
country	Natovi Landing is a ferry port in Tailevu Province, Fiji, linking cargo trucks to the three big islands of Fiji.	Natovi Landing	Fiji
country	The Am Wall Windmill (Herdentorswallmühle or Mühle am Wall) is an important and iconic building in Bremen in Germany.	Am Wall Windmill	Germany
country	The Aro Valley forms a small inner-city suburb of Wellington in New Zealand.	Aro Valley	New Zealand
country	In 2001, the India census recorded that Sarai Aquil had a population of 15,719.	Sarai Aquil	India
country	Teghenik (Armenian: Թեղենիք, formerly, Tkhit) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Teghenik	Armenia
country	Naval Air Station Keflavik (NASKEF) is a former U.S. Navy base at Keflavík International Airport, Iceland.	Naval Air Station Keflavik	Iceland
country	Addison Sod House is a Saskatchewan homestead site made of grass or sod which is over a hundred years old and has been designated as a National Historic Site of Canada.	Addison Sod House	Canada
country	Klütz (German pronunciation: (ˈklʏts)) is a town in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Klütz	Germany
country	The Belo Monte Dam (formerly known as Kararaô) is a hydroelectric dam complex currently under construction on the Xingu River in the state of Pará, Brazil.	Belo Monte Dam	Brazil
country	Katihar Junction railway station serves Katihar city in Katihar district in the Indian state of Bihar.The Katihar Junction railway station is connected to most of the major cities in India by the railway network.	Katihar Junction railway station	India
country	The Lauberhorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps of Switzerland, located between Wengen and Grindelwald, north of the Kleine Scheidegg.	Lauberhorn	Switzerland
country	Chițcani (Russian: Кицканы / Kitskany, Ukrainian: Кіцкань) is a commune in Căușeni district, Moldova.	Chițcani	Moldova
country	Valjevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Ваљево, pronounced (v̞âːʎɛv̞ɔ)) is a city located in western Serbia.	Valjevo	Serbia
country	Bayanaul National Park (Kazakh: Баянауыл ұлттық паркі; Russian: Баянаульский национальный парк) is a national park of Kazakhstan, located in southeastern Pavlodar Province, 140 kilometers from the industrially developed city of Ekibastuz, on the outskirts of the Central Kazakh Uplands.	Bayanaul National Park	Kazakhstan
country	Mataking Island is home to the first 'Underwater Post Office' in Malaysia and is connected to Pulau Mataking Kecil (Small Mataking Island) via a narrow sand bank.	Mataking Island	Malaysia
country	The Agricultural Hall of Fame of Quebec (French: Temple de la renommée de l'agriculture du Québec) honours and celebrates those who have made a lasting contribution to the advancement of the field of agriculture in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Agricultural Hall of Fame of Quebec	Canada
country	Skuteč (Czech pronunciation: (ˈskutɛtʃ); German: Skutsch) is a small town in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic near from the town Hlinsko.	Skuteč	Czech Republic
country	Copenhagen Airport, Kastrup Station (Danish: Københavns Lufthavn, Kastrup Station) is a railway station in Tårnby, Denmark, served by DSB's regional trains including the Oresundtrain network.	Copenhagen Airport, Kastrup Station	Denmark
country	Beliehouma is a village in the Nzérékoré Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south-eastern Guinea.	Beliehouma	Guinea
country	Habitations Jeanne-Mance is a public housing project in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Habitations Jeanne-Mance	Canada
country	Lake Foy Sagar is an artificial lake situated near Ajmer in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Lake Foy Sagar	India
country	Sarsaru (Persian: سرسارو‎, also Romanized as Sarsārū; also known as Sarsārūd) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sarsaru	Iran
country	Luzino (luˈʑinɔ) (German: Lusin, Freienau (1942-1943), Lintzau (1943-1945)) is a village in Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Luzino	Poland
country	Brzechów (ˈbʐɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Brzechów	Poland
country	On March 28, 2008 Suffolk County, New York Comptroller Joseph Sawicki proposed a plan that would make Long Island (specifically, Nassau and Suffolk counties) the 51st state of the United States of America.	Long Island	United States of America
country	Belitung Regency is a regency (kabupaten) of Bangka-Belitung Province, Indonesia, with Tanjung Pandan as its capital.	Belitung Regency	Indonesia
country	Poniaty-Cibory (pɔˈɲatɨ t͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Poniaty-Cibory	Poland
country	Mallawi (Egyptian Arabic: ملوى (mæl.ˈlæ.wi); Saidi pronunciation: (ˈmal.la.wi), Coptic: ⲙⲁⲛⲗⲁⲩ) is a town in Egypt, located in the governorate of Minya.	Mallawi	Egypt
country	Pavlikeni (Bulgarian: Павликени) is a town in Veliko Tarnovo Province, Northern Bulgaria, about 41 kilometers away from the city of Veliko Tarnovo.	Pavlikeni	Bulgaria
country	Monagri (Greek: Μονάγρι) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 20 km north of Limassol.	Monagri	Cyprus
country	The Universitäts-Augenklinik Düsseldorf is the department of Ophthalmology of the University Hospital of Düsseldorf in Germany.	Universitäts-Augenklinik Düsseldorf	Germany
country	Pfullendorf is a small town of about 13,000 inhabitants located 25 km (16 mi) north of Lake Constance in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Pfullendorf	Germany
country	Hsinchu County (Chinese: 新竹縣; pinyin: Xīnzhú Xiàn; Wade--Giles: Hsin1-chu2 Hsien4) is a county in north-western Taiwan.	Hsinchu County	Taiwan
country	The Viharamahadevi Park (formerly Victoria Park) is a public park located in Colombo, next to the National Museum in Sri Lanka.	Viharamahadevi Park	Sri Lanka
country	Peleaga (Vârful Peleaga) is a mountain in Romania.	Peleaga	Romania
country	Isla de la Plata is a small island off the coast of Manabí, Ecuador, and is part of Parque Nacional Machalilla.	Isla de la Plata	Ecuador
country	Shediac Bay Yacht Club is on the Register of 'Canada's Historic Places' for being the location of a local wharf for nearly a century.	Shediac	Canada
country	Stāmeriena Palace (Latvian: Stāmerienas muižas pils; German: Schloss Stomersee) is a palace built in Historicist style from 1835 to 1843 in the historical region of Vidzeme, northern Latvia.	Stāmeriena Palace	Latvia
country	Anundshög (also Anundshögen and Anunds hög) is a tumulus near Västerås in Västmanland, the largest in Sweden.	Anundshög	Sweden
country	Damir Tappeh (Persian: دميرتپه‎, also Romanized as Damīr Tappeh) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Damir Tappeh	Iran
country	Abdi İpekçi Street or Abdi İpekçi Avenue (Turkish: Abdi İpekçi Caddesi) is one of the premier shopping streets of İstanbul, Turkey, located in the Şişli district.	Abdi İpekçi Street	Turkey
country	Gallery Hotel (Chinese: 佳乐丽酒店; pinyin: Jiālèlì jiǔdiàn) is a four-star boutique hotel at Robertson Quay on Singapore River, in the Central Area of Singapore.	Gallery Hotel	Singapore
country	Katowice-Muchowiec Airport (Polish: Lotnisko Katowice-Muchowiec, ICAO code: EPKM) is a general aviation (mainly sport use) airport in the Muchowiec neighbourhood of Katowice, Poland.	Katowice-Muchowiec Airport	Poland
country	Tuczki (ˈtut͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tuczki	Poland
country	The Clifton Oyster Rocks are a series of islets located off the coast of the Clifton neighbourhood of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Clifton Oyster Rocks	Pakistan
country	Flateyri is a village situated in Iceland's Westfjords.	Flateyri	Iceland
country	Pyrgos Dirou (Greek: Πύργος Διρού) is a town in Mani, Laconia, Greece.	Pyrgos Dirou	Greece
country	Gvulot ( or Gvolot, Hebrew: גְּבוּלוֹת, lit. ``borders'') is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Gvulot	Israel
country	The National Registration Identity Card (abbreviation: NRIC, or colloquially IC; simplified Chinese: 身份证; traditional Chinese: 身份證; Tamil: அடையாள அட்டை; Malay: Kad Pengenalan Pendaftaran Negara) is the identity document in use in Singapore.	National Registration Identity Card	Singapore
country	Dornava (pronounced (ˈdoːɾnaʋa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia.	Dornava	Slovenia
country	Hangang Park (Hangul: 한강공원) is a park in Seoul, South Korea.	Hangang Park	South Korea
country	The Montiggler Seen are two lakes in the municipality of Eppan in South Tyrol, Italy.	Montiggler Seen	Italy
country	Leydsdorp is a former gold rush town situated in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Leydsdorp	South Africa
country	Saga Prefectural Chienkan Junior & Senior High School is both a junior and senior high school and is located in Saga City, Saga Prefecture, Japan.	Saga Prefectural Chienkan Junior & Senior High School	Japan
country	Ambrugeat (Occitan: Ambrujac) is a French commune in the Corrèze department in the Limousin region of central France.	Ambrugeat	France
country	East Halmahera Regency or Halmahera Timur is a regency of Halmahera in North Maluku Province, Indonesia.	East Halmahera Regency	Indonesia
country	Kadıköy Haldun Taner Stage (Turkish: Kadıköy Haldun Taner Sahnesi) is a theatre venue located in Kadıköy district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Kadıköy Haldun Taner Stage	Turkey
country	Pushkin High School is a comprehensive school in the city of Berezniki in Perm Krai oblast, Russia.	Pushkin High School	Russia
country	The Korean People's Army (KPA; Chosŏn'gŭl: 조선인민군; Chosŏn inmin'gun) constitutes the military defence forces (and most of the government) of North Korea.	Korean People's Army	North Korea
country	Park Hyatt Chennai is a five-star luxury hotel located at Guindy, Chennai, India that opened in 2012.	Park Hyatt Chennai	India
country	The Port of Jakhau is a fair weather port on the Gulf of Kutch, Kutch District, in the state of Gujarat, India.	Port of Jakhau	India
country	Luktvatnet is a lake that lies in the northern part of the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county, Norway.	Luktvatnet	Norway
country	Martinsicuro (Latin: Castrum Truentinum) is a town and comune in province of Teramo, Abruzzo, central Italy.	Martinsicuro	Italy
country	Litla-Hraun is the largest prison in Iceland.	Litla-Hraun	Iceland
country	Falciano is a village (curazia) in northeastern San Marino.	Falciano	San Marino
country	Villa Opicina, also spelled Opicina (Slovene: Opčine, Triestine: Opcina), is a town in north-eastern Italy, close to the Slovenian border at Fernetti (Slovene: Fernetiči).	Villa Opicina	Italy
country	Sivac (Serbian Cyrillic: Сивац) is a village in Serbia.	Sivac	Serbia
country	Chaleh Polarz (Persian: چاله پلرز‎, also Romanized as Chāleh Polarz) is a village in Daland Rural District, in the Central District of Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chaleh Polarz	Iran
country	Kilmacsimon (Irish: Coill Mhic Shíomoin, meaning ``Mac Simon's Wood'') is a small hamlet situated on the banks of the River Bandon in County Cork, Ireland.	Kilmacsimon	Ireland
country	Chappal Waddi or Gangirwal is a mountain in Nigeria and, at 2,419 meters, is the country's highest point.	Chappal Waddi	Nigeria
country	Banda Neira is the only settlement of significant size on any of the Banda Islands, located in the Maluku province of Indonesia.	Banda Neira	Indonesia
country	The Lycée Pierre-Corneille (also known as the Lycée Corneille) (founded 1593) is a school in Rouen, France.	Lycée Pierre-Corneille	France
country	Goč (Serbian Cyrillic: Гоч) is a mountainous area in central Serbia, about 15 km south of the spa town of Vrnjačka Banja.	Goč	Serbia
country	Homolje mountains (Serbian: Хомољске планине, Homoljske planine) is a mountain range in eastern Serbia.	Homolje mountains	Serbia
country	Malmö West Station (Swedish: Malmö Västra) was a railway station in Malmö, Sweden.	Malmö West Station	Sweden
country	Muć is a village and a municipality in Croatia.	Muć	Croatia
country	The Pinarus River is a small stream in southern Anatolia near today's Turkey--	Pinarus River	Turkey
country	The Tour of Flanders (Dutch: Ronde van Vlaanderen), also known as De Ronde (``The Tour''), is an annual road cycling race held in Belgium every spring.	Tour of Flanders	Belgium
country	Gesvan-e Do (Persian: گسوان2‎, also Romanized as Geşvān-e Do and Gaswané Dow; also known as Gīsovān-e Do) is a village in Veys Rural District, Veys District, Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gesvan-e Do	Iran
country	The Port of Bosaso, also known as Bosaso Port, is the official seaport of Bosaso, the commercial capital of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.	Port of Bosaso	Somalia
country	Gizhiga (Russian: Гижига) is a rural locality (a selo) in Severo-Evensky District of Magadan Oblast, Russia, located at the head of Gizhigin Bay of the Sea of Okhotsk, on the right bank of the Gizhiga River just upstream from its mouth where there is a poor but usable harbor.	Gizhiga	Russia
country	Raijua is an island in the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia.	Raijua	Indonesia
country	Råslätt Church (Swedish: Råslätts kyrka) is a church building at Råslätt in Jönköping in Sweden.	Råslätt Church	Sweden
country	The Ankara University, Law School (Turkish: Ankara Üniversitesi Hukuk Fakültesi) is a faculty for law of the Ankara University in Turkey.	Ankara University, Law School	Turkey
country	Topeiros (Greek: Τόπειρος, Turkish: İnhanlı) is a municipality in the Xanthi regional unit, Greece.	Topeiros	Greece
country	Kolonia Gidelska (kɔˈlɔɲa ɡiˈdɛlska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Gidelska	Poland
country	Överuman or Uman (Norwegian: Umbukta) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden.	Överuman	Norway	Sweden
country	Ohanet is an industrial village in the commune of In Amenas, in In Amenas District, Illizi Province, Algeria.	Ohanet	Algeria
country	Aubonne District was a former district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Aubonne District	Switzerland
country	Skiadas (Greek: Σκιαδάς) is a small mountain village in the Preveza regional unit in north-western Greece.	Skiadas	Greece
country	Height of Land Portage is a portage along the historic Boundary Waters route between Canada and the United States.	Height of Land Portage	Canada
country	Mont Bichet, also known as Les Trables and, formerly, La Crêche, is a mostly wooded mountain in eastern France belonging to the Chablais Alps.	Mont Bichet	France
country	Montebenedetto Charterhouse (Italian: Certosa di Montebenedetto) is a former Carthusian monastery (or charterhouse) in the Val di Susa in Piedmont, Northern Italy.	Montebenedetto Charterhouse	Italy
country	Selimpaşa, known in Byzantine times as Epibates (sometimes as Epivates or Epibatos) (Greek: Επιβάτες), is a small town in the European part of Turkey, near Silivri in Istanbul Province.	Selimpaşa	Turkey
country	Loschwitz Cemetery (German: Loschwitzer Friedhof) is the second burial ground, still in use, of Loschwitz, part of the city of Dresden, Germany, replacing the graveyard of Loschwitz church, no longer used for burials.	Loschwitz Cemetery	Germany
country	Piscinas de Marés (Portuguese: Swimming Pools of the Sea) is swimming facility on the beach of Leça da Palmeira which is located North of the city of Matosinhos, in the district of Porto in Northern Portugal.	Piscinas de Marés	Portugal
country	Pont-de-Roide (also Pont-de-Roide-Vermondans) is a commune in the Doubs département in the Franche-Comté region in eastern France.	Pont-de-Roide	France
country	The Canadian Intergovernmental Conference Secretariat is an independent Canadian government agency enacted on November 29, 1973 by an Order in Council from the first ministers created for the purpose of continuing governing of Canada.	Canadian Intergovernmental Conference Secretariat	Canada
country	Shahedshahr (Persian: شاهدشهر‎, also Romanized as Shāhedshahr; formerly, ``Alīābād Drazeh) is a city in the Central District of Shahriar County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18,855, in 4,599 families.	Shahedshahr	Iran
country	Greensville Falls is a 5.5 metre high terraced ribbon cascade waterfall found on the Crooks Hollow Conservation Area in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Greensville Falls	Canada
country	Mmatshumo is a village in Central District (Botswana) of Botswana.	Mmatshumo	Botswana
country	Belunki is small village near Khadakewada in Kagal tehsil, Kolhapur district, Maharashtra, India.	Belunki	India
country	In and around Pijnacker there are big and attractive nature areas, of which one is the Ackerdijkse Plassen, one of the most important bird areas in the Netherlands.	Pijnacker	Netherlands
country	Śwignajno (ɕfiɡˈnai̯nɔ) (German: Schwignainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Śwignajno	Poland
country	The Port of Berbera, also known as Berbera Port, is the official seaport of Berbera, the commercial capital of the autonomous Somaliland region in northwestern Somalia.	Port of Berbera	Somalia
country	Mary McConnel School (MMS) is a joint initiative of the Anglican Church of Australia and the Uniting Church in Australia.	Mary McConnel School	Australia
country	The Afram Plains District is a former district of Ghana in the Eastern Region of south Ghana.	Afram Plains District	Ghana
country	SEGH-CFE 1 is a photovoltaic project immediately adjacent to the Comisión Federal de Electricidad power station in Puerto Libertad, Sonora in Mexico, approximately 115 kilometres (71 mi) south of the United States border.	SEGH-CFE 1	Mexico
country	Guinate is a village in the municipality of Haría in northern Lanzarote in the Las Palmas province of Spain (the Eastern Canary Islands).	Guinate	Spain
country	The ADAC Eifelrennen was an annual motor race, organised by ADAC Automobile Club from 1922 to 2003, held in Germany's Eifel mountain region even before the Nürburgring was built there.	Eifelrennen	Germany
country	Rzędowie (ʐɛnˈdɔvjɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rzędowie	Poland
country	Dulowa (duˈlɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia, within Chrzanów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Dulowa	Poland
country	Mount Selinda, at an altitude of 1,100 metres, is a village and mission station in the province of Manicaland in the eastern mountains of Zimbabwe.	Mount Selinda	Zimbabwe
country	Ust-Shchuger (Russian: Усть-Щугер), formerly known as Ust-Shchugor (Усть-Щугор), is a rural locality (a village) in the Komi Republic, Russia, located at an elevation of 85 meters (279 ft) near the confluence of the Pechora and Shchuger Rivers.	Ust-Shchuger	Russia
country	Ono Academic College (in hebrew: הקריה האקדמית אונו) is a college located in Kiryat Ono, Israel.	Ono Academic College	Israel
country	Galmeh (Persian: گلمه‎, also Romanized as Galāmeh, Golameh, Golmeh, and Kalmeh) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Galmeh	Iran
country	The Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area is a World Heritage Site in Tasmania, Australia.	Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area	Australia
country	Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Anthropology Centre (SAC) an academic institution in Thailand, established in 1992, with an aim for systematic gathering, processing and servicing of anthropological data scattered throughout the country.	Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Anthropology Centre	Thailand
country	Brunate is a town and comune in the province of Como in northern Italy, some 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Milan.	Brunate	Italy
country	Aşıklı Höyük is a settlement mound located nearly 1 km south of Kızılkaya village on the bank of the Melendiz brook, and 25 kilometers south - east of Aksaray, Turkey.	Aşıklı Höyük	Turkey
country	Sääminki (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈsæ:minki)) (Swedish: Säminge) is countryside and former municipality of Finland.	Sääminki	Finland
country	Sparebanken Vest (OSE: SVEG) is the third largest savings bank in Norway, and the country's second oldest bank.	Sparebanken Vest	Norway
country	According to the United Kingdom Census 2001 data, the Heald Green Ward has a population of 12,640, of which 6520 (51.6%) are females and 6120 (48.4%) are males.	Heald Green	United Kingdom
country	Niedaszów (ɲeˈdaʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Niedaszów	Poland
country	Milošev Do (Serbian Cyrillic: Милошев До) is a village in the municipality of the Prijepolje in the Zlatibor District of Serbia.	Milošev Do	Serbia
country	Tyszki-Wądołowo (ˈtɨʂki vɔndɔˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tyszki-Wądołowo	Poland
country	The Pasdeloup Orchestra (also referred to as Orchestre des Concerts Pasdeloup) is the oldest symphony orchestra in France.	Pasdeloup Orchestra	France
country	Since 3 July 2012, East Acton has been home to the cathedral of the Syriac Orthodox Church in the United Kingdom.	East Acton	United Kingdom
country	Sviyazhsk (Russian: Свия́жск; Tatar: Зөя, Zöyä) is a rural locality (a selo) in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located at the confluence of the Volga and Sviyaga Rivers.	Sviyazhsk	Russia
country	The George Town Council is a local government area of the state of Tasmania in Australia.	George Town Council	Australia
country	The Penang State Mosque or Masjid Negeri Pulau Pinang is a state mosque located at Jalan Masjid Negeri (Green Lane) in George Town, Penang, Malaysia.	Penang State Mosque	Malaysia
country	William Aberhart High School is a public senior high school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, which teaches grades 10, 11, and 12.	William Aberhart High School	Canada
country	The town of Ruatahuna is located in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island, 90 kilometres west of Gisborne, and 18 kilometres northwest of Lake Waikaremoana.	Ruatahuna	New Zealand
country	The Walls of Vejer de la Frontera (Spanish: Murallas de Vejer de la Frontera) refers to the town walls of Vejer de la Frontera, Spain.	Walls of Vejer de la Frontera	Spain
country	Jaskinia Niedźwiedzia (pronounced Yaskeenya Niecwiedza and translated as Bear Cave) - is the longest cave in Śnieżnik Mountains part of Sudety mountains discovered in 1966, located near village Kletno in Poland.	Jaskinia Niedźwiedzia	Poland
country	The Karasugskoye mine is a large iron mine located in eastern Russia in Siberia.	Karasugskoye mine	Russia
country	The Old Tao Nan School (Chinese: 旧道南学校) is a historic building in Singapore, located along Armenian Street in the Museum Planning Area, within the Central Area in Singapore's central business district.	Old Tao Nan School	Singapore
country	The Bayuda Desert is located north of modern Khartoum, Sudan, west of Kadabas, and south of the Nubian Desert, together making up part of the Sahara Desert's eastern flank.	Bayuda Desert	Sudan
country	Slieve Foy or Slieve Foye (Irish: Sliabh Feá) is the highest peak of a ridge of mountains collectively referred to as Carlingford Mountain, which rises near the town of Carlingford, County Louth, Ireland.	Slieve Foy	Ireland
country	The Langesundsfjord (Norwegian: Langesundsfjorden), also known as the Breviksfjord (Norwegian: Breviksfjorden), is a stretch of fjord from northern Skagerrak, between the islands of Sandøya, Bjørkøya and Siktesøya in Porsgrunn municipality and the mainland of Bamble municipality, in Telemark county in the southeastern part of Norway.	Langesundsfjord	Norway
country	The Zimmern Chronicle (German: Zimmerische Chronik or Chronik der Grafen von Zimmern) is a family chronicle describing the lineage and history of the noble family of Zimmern, based in Meßkirch, Germany.	Zimmern Chronicle	Germany
country	NorthTec (Tai Tokerau Wānanga) is a tertiary education provider in northern New Zealand, with its main campus in Raumanga, Whangarei.	NorthTec	New Zealand
country	Hajji Alvan (Persian: حاجي الوان‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Alvān and Ḩājī Alvān) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District, Bagh-e Bahadoran District, Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hajji Alvan	Iran
country	Qush-e Chaker (Persian: قوش چاكر‎, also Romanized as Qūsh-e Chāker) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qush-e Chaker	Iran
country	Oxievång is a neighbourhood of the Borough of Oxie, Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.	Oxievång	Sweden
country	Longjumeau (French pronunciation: ​(lɔ̃.ʒy.mo)) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	Longjumeau	France
country	Thapandaung is a village in Madaya Township in Pyin Oo Lwin District in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar.	Thapandaung	Myanmar
country	Madinaty (Arabic: مدينتى‎ Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (mæˈdenti), ``My City'') is a suburb, aimed at becoming a complete city, in northeast Cairo Governorate, Egypt.	Madinaty	Egypt
country	Arashá Spa is a tropical forest health resort and spa, located about 3 kilometres west of the town of Pedro Vicente Maldonado near La Independencia, Pichincha Province, in northern Ecuador.	Arashá Spa	Ecuador
country	Sar Darreh-ye Beyglar Beygi (Persian: سردره بيگلربيگي‎, also Romanized as Sar Darreh-ye Beyglar Beygī; also known as Sardarreh and Sar Darreh) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sar Darreh-ye Beyglar Beygi	Iran
country	Kumargaon (Bengali: কুমারগাঁও) is a region situated in Sylhet Sadar Upazila, on the outskirts of Sylhet, Bangladesh.	Kumargaon	Bangladesh
country	Jablunkov Pass (Czech: Jablunkovský průsmyk , Polish: Przełęcz Jabłonkowska ) is a mountain pass in the Beskids, located in the elevation of 553 m above sea level, in the Czech Republic, near the border with Poland and Slovakia.	Jablunkov Pass	Czech Republic
country	Since 2008 the village of Mater in Oudenaarde has been the home of Belgium's smallest craft brewery: the Smisje Brewery (previously located in Bruges).	Oudenaarde	Belgium
country	Rakowice Małe (rakɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Wenig Rackwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rakowice Małe	Poland
country	Langangen is a village in Porsgrunn municipality, Telemark county, in Norway.	Langangen	Norway
country	Garus-e Olya (Persian: گروس عليا‎, also Romanized as Garūs-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sahneh Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 161, in 30 families.	Garus-e Olya	Iran
country	Darimu is one of the 180 woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Darimu	Ethiopia
country	The Hikurangi Trench (also called the Hikurangi Trough) is a linear feature in the bed of the Pacific Ocean off the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand, lying between the southern end of the Cook Strait and the Chatham Rise.	Hikurangi Trench	New Zealand
country	Baokang County (simplified Chinese: 保康县; traditional Chinese: 保康縣; pinyin: Bǎokāng Xiàn) is a county of northwestern Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Baokang County	People's Republic of China
country	Tafua is a seaside village on the island of Savai'i in Samoa.	Tafua	Samoa
country	Shahabad-e Sadat (Persian: شاه ابادسادات‎, also Romanized as Shāhābād-e Sādāt; also known as Shāhābād) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahabad-e Sadat	Iran
country	Dahana Jamoat is a jamoat (rural municipality) of Kulob District, Khatlon Province, Tajikistan, in central Asia.	Dahana Jamoat	Tajikistan
country	The Nationaal Archief (NA) is the national archive of the Netherlands, located in The Hague.	Nationaal Archief	Netherlands
country	The Irish Army, known simply as the Army (Irish: an tArm), is the land component of the Defence Forces of Ireland.	Irish Army	Ireland
country	The Burgtor, built 1444 in late Gothic style, was the northern city gate of Hanseatic Lübeck, now in Germany.	Burgtor	Germany
country	Mayfouq (Arabic: ميفوق‎, also known as Qottara) is a village and municipality in the Jbeil District of Mount Lebanon Governorate, Lebanon.	Mayfouq	Lebanon
country	Formia is a city and comune in the province of Latina, on the Mediterranean coast of Lazio (Italy).	Formia	Italy
country	Liptovská Kokava is a village and municipality in Liptovský Mikuláš District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia, at the foot of Kriváň, Slovakia's symbolic and often considered most beautiful mountain.	Liptovská Kokava	Slovakia
country	Mišićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Мишићево) is a village located in the Subotica municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia.	Mišićevo	Serbia
country	1250 René-Lévesque, also known as the IBM-Marathon Tower, is a 226 m (741 ft), 47-story skyscraper in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	1250 René-Lévesque	Canada
country	The Delta State University, Abraka - popularly known as DELSU, Abraka - is a State government university of Nigeria with a main campus located at Abraka, Delta and a campus at Anwai, Asaba.	Delta State University, Abraka	Nigeria
country	The Dunantspitze (German for ``Peak Dunant'', 4,632 m), formerly called Ostspitze (``Eastern Peak''), is a peak of the Monte Rosa Massif in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland.	Dunantspitze	Switzerland
country	Šentgotard (pronounced (ʃɛntˈɡoːtaɾt) or (ʃəntˈɡoːtaɾt); German: Sankt Gotthard) is a village in the hills east of Trojane in central Slovenia.	Šentgotard	Slovenia
country	Vichuquén El Alamo Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Vichuquén El Alamo, ICAO: SCVK) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-northwest of Vichuquén, Maule, Chile.	Vichuquén El Alamo Airport	Chile
country	Volovets (Ukrainian: Воловець, Hungarian: Volóc, Russian: Воловец) is an urban-type settlement in Zakarpattia Oblast (region) in western Ukraine.	Volovets	Ukraine
country	Elgeseter is a location in Trondheim, Norway located south and east of the river Nidelven, south of Midtbyen, east of Nidarø, west of Singsaker and north of Lerkendal.	Elgeseter	Norway
country	FK Lokomotiva Skopje (Macedonian: ФК Локомотива Скопје) is a football club based in the city of Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.	FK Lokomotiva Skopje	Macedonia
country	The Rauher Kulm is a small basalt mountain located in the Upper Palatinate (Oberpfalz) region of the state of Bavaria, Germany.	Rauher Kulm	Germany
country	Like many other cities in Belgium, Beveren has a collection of giant puppets who take part in most of the local festivities.	Beveren	Belgium
country	Trajan's Market (Latin: Mercatus Traiani, Italian: Mercati di Traiano) is a large complex of ruins in the city of Rome, Italy, located on the Via dei Fori Imperiali, at the opposite end to the Colosseum.	Trajan's Market	Italy
country	The Mae Ngat Somboon Chon Dam (Thai: เขื่อนแม่งัดสมบูรณ์ชล; rtgs: Khuean Mae Ngat Sombunchon), is a multi-purpose hydroelectric dam in the Mae Taeng District of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mae Ngat Somboon Chon Dam	Thailand
country	Heemstede (ˈɦeːmsteːdə) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Heemstede	Netherlands
country	The Canadian Academy of Sport and Exercise Medicine (CASEM) is the national medical specialty society for sport medicine physicians in Canada.	Canadian Academy of Sport and Exercise Medicine	Canada
country	Timoudi (Arabic: ﺗﻴﻤﻮدى) is a town and commune in Kerzaz District, Béchar Province, in western Algeria.	Timoudi	Algeria
country	Rockyford Airport, (TC LID: CFC6), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) northeast of Rockyford, Alberta, Canada.	Rockyford Airport	Canada
country	Ardfert Cathedral (Irish: Ardeaglais Ard Fhearta) is a ruined former cathedral in Ardfert, County Kerry, in Ireland.	Ardfert Cathedral	Ireland
country	Imam Ali Air Base (ICAO: ORTL) is a military airbase located near Nasiriyah, Iraq.	Ali Air Base	Iraq
country	Wesselsbron is a small maize farming town 75 kilometres south of Bothaville in Free State province of South Africa.	Wesselsbron	South Africa
country	Nadi (pronounced (ˈnandi)) is the third-largest conurbation in Fiji.	Nadi	Fiji
country	The Northern Metropolitan Football League (NMFL) was an Australian rules football competition based in the northern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia until it folded at the end of the 1994 season.	Northern Metropolitan Football League	Australia
country	Rebibbia is a suburb of Rome, Italy, on the Via Tiburtina on the northeast edge of the city.	Rebibbia	Italy
country	Other notable nineteenth century geologists who worked at Joggins include Abraham Gesner, inventor of kerosene, and William Logan, who measured the cliffs bed by bed for the Geological Survey of Canada.	Joggins	Canada
country	Kazheh (Persian: كاژه‎, also Romanized as Kāzheh) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kazheh	Iran
country	The Canton of Dompaire is a French former administrative grouping of communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Lorraine.	Canton of Dompaire	France
country	Fuamah District is one of eight districts located in Bong County, Liberia.	Fuamah District	Liberia
country	Drombeg stone circle (also known as The Druid's Altar), is a Recumbent stone circle located 2.4 km (1.5 mi) east of Glandore, County Cork, Ireland.	Drombeg stone circle	Ireland
country	The Garsonuiskoe mine is a large mine located in the south Russia in Zabaykalsky Krai.	Garsonuiskoe mine	Russia
country	Sarabråten is an area near the lake Nøklevann in Østmarka, Oslo, Norway.	Sarabråten	Norway
country	Mooste Parish (Estonian: Mooste vald; Võro: Moostõ vald) is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Põlva County.	Mooste Parish	Estonia
country	Täkulaid (also Täkunasu, Täkunasv) is an island belonging to the country of Estonia.	Täkulaid	Estonia
country	Kulkacharla or Kulkacherla is a village and a Mandal (Administrative division of India) in Rangareddy district in the state of Telangana in India.	Kulkacharla	India
country	Brianka (Ukrainian: Брянка) is a city in Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Brianka	Ukraine
country	Lake Karum (also known as Lake Assale or Asale) is a lake in the Afar Region of Ethiopia.	Lake Karum	Ethiopia
country	The Munich Film Museum (Film Museum in the Munich Stadtmuseum) is one of six film museums in Germany.	Munich Film Museum	Germany
country	Colexio de San Xerome (in Spanish Colegio de San Jerónimo) is a college in Santiago de Compostela, Province of A Coruña, Galicia, Spain.	Colexio de San Xerome	Spain
country	Dürrbach (Orla) is a river of Thuringia, Germany, a tributary of the Orla.	Dürrbach (Orla)	Germany
country	The Palms Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located in the Christchurch, New Zealand suburb of Shirley, 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the city's CBD.	The Palms Shopping Centre	New Zealand
country	New Lynn Railway Station is on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network, New Zealand, and is part of an integrated transport centre where transfers can be made to and from bus services.	New Lynn Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Vuku Church (Norwegian: Vuku kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Vuku Church	Norway
country	The Fleisch Bridge (German: Fleischbrücke or ``Meat Bridge'') or Pegnitz Bridge (Pegnitzbrücke) is a late Renaissance bridge in Nuremberg, Germany.	Fleisch Bridge	Germany
country	Grey Goose Island (variant: Gray Goose Island) is one of several, larger, uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada located within the midsection of James Bay.	Grey Goose Island	Canada
country	Bermagui River is an open and trained semi-mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Bermagui River	Australia
country	The European route E91 or E91 is a European route running from Toprakkale in Turkey to the border of Syria (nearby Yayladağı).	European route E91	Turkey
country	Lac de Saint-Mandé is a lake in the Bois de Vincennes (Paris, France).	Lac de Saint-Mandé	France
country	Piegonisko-Wieś (pjɛɡɔˈniskɔ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Piegonisko-Wieś	Poland
country	Rotowaro was once a small coal mining township approximately 10 km west of Huntly in the Waikato region of New Zealand.	Rotowaro	New Zealand
country	Vratji Vrh (pronounced (ˈwɾaːtji ˈʋəɾx)) is a small settlement above Vratja Vas in the Municipality of Apače in northeastern Slovenia.	Vratji Vrh	Slovenia
country	The Diocesan College, or Bishops as it is more commonly known, is an independent, all-boys school situated in the suburb of Rondebosch in Cape Town, South Africa.	Diocesan College	South Africa
country	Poklečani (Serbian: Поклечани) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Poklečani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Saidabad-e Shafipur (Persian: سعيدابادشفيع پور‎, also Romanized as Saʿīdābād-e Shafīʿpūr and Saʿeedābād-e Shafīʿpūr) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Saidabad-e Shafipur	Iran
country	Merryhill Envirotec Ltd is a United Kingdom contractor who work in the field of asbestos removal and surveying.	Merryhill Envirotec Ltd	United Kingdom
country	Abdi İpekçi Arena, formerly known as Abdi İpekçi Sports Complex, is a multi-purpose indoor arena located in the Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul, Turkey, situated just outside the ancient city walls in Yedikule.	Abdi İpekçi Arena	Turkey
country	Harahorn, also written Harahødn, is a mountain located in the Hemsedal municipality in Norway.	Harahorn	Norway
country	Sindhri Airport (IATA: MPD, ICAO: OPMP) is located at Tando Gondal near Sindhri, a town in the Mirpurkhas District of the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Sindhri Airport	Pakistan
country	Għasri (Maltese: L-Għasri) is a village in the western part of Gozo, Malta, with a population of 525 people as of March 2014.	Għasri	Malta
country	Igara Paraná River (Spanish pronunciation: (iˈɣaɾa paɾaˈna)) is a river of Colombia.	Igara Paraná River	Colombia
country	Lykochia (Greek: Λυκόχια) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece.	Lykochia	Greece
country	Fderîck or F'dérick (Arabic: افديرك‎) is a town in the north of Mauritania in the Tiris Zemmour Region, near the border with the Western Sahara.	Fderîck	Mauritania
country	Zasavica I (Serbian Cyrillic: Засавица I), also known as Zasavica (Serbian: Засавица) or Gornja Zasavica (Горња Засавица), is a village in Serbia.	Zasavica I	Serbia
country	Dragan Tsankov Boulevard (Bulgarian: Булевард Драган Цанков) is a large boulevard in Bulgaria's capital Sofia.	Dragan Tsankov Boulevard	Bulgaria
country	Teresin-Gaj (tɛˈrɛɕin ˈɡai̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Teresin-Gaj	Poland
country	CSU Sibiu is a Romanian professional basketball club, based in Sibiu, Romania.	CSU Sibiu	Romania
country	Franquia is a populated rural area in Artigas Department of northern Uruguay.	Franquia	Uruguay
country	Qaranjik-e Gukcheli (Persian: قرنجيك گوكچلي‎, also Romanized as Qaranjīk-e Gūgchelī; also known as Qaranjīk-e Gūgjelī) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District, Gomishan District, Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qaranjik-e Gukcheli	Iran
country	Čvarići (Serbian Cyrillic: Чварићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čvarići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ħondoq ir-Rummien, the coastline below the village of Qala (Gozo, Malta) is dotted with traditional salt pans, some of which are still actively used to harvest salt throughout the summer months.	Ħondoq ir-Rummien	Malta
country	Club Ourense Baloncesto, S.A.D., more commonly referred to today by its sponsorship name of Ourense Termal, is a professional basketball team based in Ourense, Spain.	Club Ourense Baloncesto	Spain
country	Canis Resort is the world's first luxury dog hotel, located in Freising, north of Munich, Germany.	Canis Resort	Germany
country	Lugazi University (LU), was a private university in Uganda.	Lugazi University	Uganda
country	The Ulsan Expressway (Hangul: 울산고속도로; RR: Ulsan Gosok Doro), is a freeway in South Korea, connecting Ulju-gun, Ulsan to Nam-gu, Ulsan.	Ulsan Expressway	South Korea
country	Iloilo Mission Hospital (also referred to as Mission Hospital, Mission or IMH) is a private tertiary, training and teaching hospital located in Jaro, Iloilo City, Philippines.	Iloilo Mission Hospital	Philippines
country	Hegdehaugen is a neighbourhood in the borough Frogner of Oslo, Norway.	Hegdehaugen	Norway
country	Mayo-Tatchun is an electoral district which returns an MLA to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada.	Mayo-Tatchun	Canada
country	Abalessa is a town and commune in Tamanrasset Province, in southern Algeria, coextensive with the district of the same name.	Abalessa	Algeria
country	Kysnesstranda is a village in the Jondal municipality, Hordaland county, Norway.	Kysnesstranda	Norway
country	Białyszewo (bjawɨˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Białyszewo	Poland
country	The Brush Island is a continental island, contained within the Brush Island Nature Reserve, a protected nature reserve, that is located off the south coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Brush Island	Australia
country	The Skolkovo Innovation Center is a high technology business area that was planned to be built at Skolkovo near Moscow, Russia.	Skolkovo Innovation Center	Russia
country	Frederiksberg Church (Danish: Frederiksberg Kirke) is the oldest church building in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frederiksberg Church	Denmark
country	Krynica-Zdrój (krɨˈɲit͡sa ˈzdrui̯) (until 31 December 2001 Krynica, Ukrainian: Криниця Krynytsia) is a town in Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland.	Krynica-Zdrój	Poland
country	The NamibRand Nature Reserve is a private nature reserve in Southwestern Namibia on the Namib Desert.	NamibRand Nature Reserve	Namibia
country	Şivlə (also, Shivlik) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şivlə	Azerbaijan
country	Torroella de Montgrí is a coastal municipality on the Costa Brava, and small town in Catalonia, Spain.	Torroella de Montgrí	Spain
country	The Zomba Massif is a mountain of the Shire Highlands in southern Malawi.	Zomba Massif	Malawi
country	The Yilan Line (Chinese: 宜蘭線; pinyin: Yilán Xiàn) is the northern section of the Eastern Line of the Taiwan Railway Administration in Taiwan.	Yilan Line	Taiwan
country	Chukochya (Russian: Чукочья) is a rural locality (a selo) in Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 165 kilometers (103 mi) from Chersky, the administrative center of the district and 120 kilometers (75 mi) from Pokhodsk.	Chukochya	Russia
country	Finkenstein am Faaker See (Slovene: Bekštanj) is a market town in the district of Villach-Land in Carinthia, Austria.	Finkenstein am Faaker See	Austria
country	Massawa International Airport (IATA: MSW, ICAO: HHMS) is an airport in Massawa, a major city in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea.	Massawa International Airport	Eritrea
country	Kosančićev Venac (Serbian Cyrillic: Косанчићев Венац) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Kosančićev Venac	Serbia
country	Kurangumala (Monkey Hill) is a small sub-village of Kozhencherry town in Pathanamthitta district in Kerala, India.	Kurangumala	India
country	The Board of Audit and Inspection (Hangul: 감사원; hanja: 監査院, BAI) is an organization in South Korea.	Board of Audit and Inspection	South Korea
country	The Kahurangi River is a short river in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island.	Kahurangi River	New Zealand
country	Othos is the highest village in Karpathos, Greece.	Othos	Greece
country	The Albis is a chain of hills in the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland, stretching for some 19 km from Sihlbrugg in the south to Waldegg near Zurich in the north.	Albis	Switzerland
country	Kiata is a town in the Wimmera region of western Victoria, Australia.	Kiata	Australia
country	The Byam Martin Channel (76°30′N 106°00′W) is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Byam Martin Channel	Canada
country	Wilkowa Wieś (vilˈkɔva ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wilkowa Wieś	Poland
country	The Basilica Cistern (Turkish: Yerebatan Sarayı -- ``Sunken Palace'', or Yerebatan Sarnıcı -- ``Sunken Cistern''), is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that lie beneath the city of Istanbul (formerly Constantinople), Turkey.	Basilica Cistern	Turkey
country	Whirinaki Te Pua-a-Tāne Conservation Park is a publicly accessible conservation park in the North Island of New Zealand.	Whirinaki Te Pua-a-Tāne Conservation Park	New Zealand
country	The Bida Emirate is a traditional state in Nigeria, a successor to the old Nupe Kingdom, with its headquarters in Bida, Niger State.	Bida Emirate	Nigeria
country	Tłuszcz (twuʂt͡ʂ) (translation: Fat, German: Tluschtsch) is a town in Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 8,015 inhabitants (2014).	Tłuszcz	Poland
country	The University of Koudougou is one of three public universities in Burkina Faso.	University of Koudougou	Burkina Faso
country	Opatów County (Polish: powiat opatowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, south-central Poland.	Opatów County	Poland
country	Nongoma Local Municipality is a local municipality in the northeastern part of Zululand in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.	Nongoma Local Municipality	South Africa
country	IIC University of Technology (IIC) came into existence in 2008 through the evolution of International Institute of Cambodia, founded in 1999.	IIC University of Technology	Cambodia
country	Lac de Moiry is a reservoir in the municipality of Grimentz, Switzerland.	Lac de Moiry	Switzerland
country	Gorenji Podboršt pri Veliki Loki (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnji pɔdˈbɔɾʃt pɾi ˈʋeːliki ˈloːki)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Velika Loka in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenji Podboršt pri Veliki Loki	Slovenia
country	Hellfire Pass (Thai: ช่องเขาขาด, known by the Japanese as Konyu Cutting) is the name of a railway cutting on the former Burma Railway (``Death Railway'') in Thailand which was built with forced labour during the Second World War, in part by Allied prisoners of war.	Hellfire Pass	Thailand
country	The Eel River Converter Station is a high-voltage direct current (HVDC) converter station in Eel River Crossing, New Brunswick, Canada; it is the first operative HVDC station in the world equipped with thyristors.	Eel River Converter Station	Canada
country	San José de las Matas, also known as Sajoma, is a municipality (municipio) of the Santiago province in the Dominican Republic.	San José de las Matas	Dominican Republic
country	Radyczyny-Kolonia (radɨˈt͡ʂɨnɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Radyczyny-Kolonia	Poland
country	Shah Reza Mahalleh (Persian: شاهرضامحله‎, also Romanized as Shāh Reẕā Maḩalleh; also known as Shāh Rez̧ā and Shāh Reẕā) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shah Reza Mahalleh	Iran
country	Olsztynek (ɔlʂˈtɨnɛk) (German: Hohenstein) is a town in Olsztyn County, in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship of Poland.	Olsztynek	Poland
country	Nacajuca is a city in Nacajuca Municipality in the state of Tabasco, Mexico.	Nacajuca	Mexico
country	The Augsburger Puppenkiste is a marionette theater in Augsburg, Germany.	Augsburger Puppenkiste	Germany
country	Coimbatore Institute of Technology (CIT) is government-aided autonomous engineering college located in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	Coimbatore Institute of Technology	India
country	Spanish Lookout is a settlement in the Cayo District of Belize in Central America.	Spanish Lookout	Belize
country	The Los Alerces National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Los Alerces) is a national park in Chubut Province, Argentina, some 30 miles (50 km) from Esquel.	Los Alerces National Park	Argentina
country	The city of Kantchari is located in eastern Burkina Faso on the border with Niger and on the main road from Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso to Niamey, Niger.	Kantchari	Burkina Faso
country	Doora Mine was a copper mine in the Copper Coast region of South Australia, to the south of Kadina.	Doora Mine	Australia
country	Dawat University (Pashto: د دعوت پوهنتون‎) is a private university registered with the government of Afghanistan.	Dawat University	Afghanistan
country	Kargaly is a copper mining-metallurgical district in the southern Urals of Russia.	Kargaly	Russia
country	East Jakarta (Indonesian: Jakarta Timur) is a city within Jakarta Special District, Indonesia.	East Jakarta	Indonesia
country	Jungmun Tourism Complex is a popular surfing attraction on the south coast of Jeju Island south of South Korea.	Jungmun Tourism Complex	South Korea
country	Worabe (allegedly from the Silti word for ``Hyena'') is a town in south-central Ethiopia.	Worabe	Ethiopia
country	Bala Qəcər (also, Bala Kadzhar and Bala Qacar) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bala Qəcər	Azerbaijan
country	Science Centre AHHAA is the biggest science centre in Estonia and the Baltic states, located in Tartu.	AHHAA	Estonia
country	In its first format, it was referred to as Sesame Street Canada and later, Canadian Sesame Street and was a re-edited version of the American series; it adopted a new format and the Sesame Park title in 1996.	Sesame Park	Canada
country	Chinateatern or commonly known as ``China'' (in English: The China Theatre) is a private theatre in Stockholm, Sweden, located at Berzelii Park in Stockholm city.	Chinateatern	Sweden
country	Rzeck (ʐɛt͡sk) (German: Ridbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rzeck	Poland
country	Tirahmad (Persian: تيراحمد‎, also Romanized as Tīraḩmad; also known as Tīraḩmat) is a village in Jakdan Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tirahmad	Iran
country	The Parliamentary Boundaries Act 1832 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which defined the parliamentary divisions (constituencies) in England and Wales required by the Reform Act 1832.	Parliamentary Boundaries Act 1832	United Kingdom
country	Nalchik Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Нальчик) (IATA: NAL, ICAO: URMN) is a small airport in Kabardino-Balkaria, Russia located 3 km northeast of Nalchik.	Nalchik Airport	Russia
country	Leleuvia (pronounced (leleuˈβia)) is a coral cay in Fiji's Lomaiviti archipelago.	Leleuvia	Fiji
country	Eger (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɛɡɛr) listen ; see also other alternative names) is the county seat of Heves, and the second largest city in Northern Hungary (after Miskolc).	Eger	Hungary
country	Suphan Buri Line is a railway line in Western Thailand, opened on June 16, 1963, by Sarit Thanarat.	Suphan Buri Line	Thailand
country	The Windhoek Country Club Resort is a multi-use resort outside of Windhoek, Namibia owned by Legacy Hotels and Resorts International.	Windhoek Country Club Resort	Namibia
country	Rymättylä (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈrymætːylæ); Swedish: Rimito) is a former municipality of Finland.	Rymättylä	Finland
country	Hribarjevo (pronounced (ˈxɾiːbaɾjɛʋɔ)) is a small settlement north of Velike Bloke in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hribarjevo	Slovenia
country	Mirpur Government High School (Bengali: মিরপুর সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a secondary school in Mirpur Model Thana, Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Mirpur Government High School	Bangladesh
country	At the Mercy of Inspiration was a technical metal band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	At the Mercy of Inspiration	Canada
country	The Leibniz Institute for Psychology Information and Documentation (German: Leibniz-Zentrum für Psychologische Information und Dokumentation (ZPID) ) is a supraregional expert information center located in Trier, Germany and belongs to the Leibniz Association.	Leibniz Institute for Psychology Information	Germany
country	The Bondhusbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Kvinnherad in Hordaland county, Norway.	Bondhusbreen	Norway
country	Kropa (pronounced (ˈkɾoːpa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Kropa	Slovenia
country	King Abdulaziz Air Base (IATA: DHA, ICAO: OEDR), formerly Dhahran International Airport and Dhaharan Airfield is a Royal Saudi Air Force Air Base located in Dhahran in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	King Abdulaziz Air Base	Saudi Arabia
country	Dalugama is a suburb of Colombo city, situated North-East of the Colombo city centre fort, the capital of Sri Lanka.	Dalugama	Sri Lanka
country	The Abel Tasman Coast Track is a 51 km (32 mile) long walking track within the Abel Tasman National Park in New Zealand.	Abel Tasman Coast Track	New Zealand
country	Cellamare is a town and comune in the province of Bari, in Apulia, in southern Italy.	Cellamare	Italy
country	Láhko National Park (Norwegian: Láhko nasjonalpark) is a national park in the municipalities Gildeskål, Meløy and Beiarn in Nordland, Norway.	Láhko National Park	Norway
country	Ukanje (pronounced (ˈuːkanjɛ)) is a settlement in the hills to the east of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy.	Ukanje	Slovenia
country	Kapik (Persian: كاپيك‎, also Romanized as Kāpīk) is a village in Shenetal Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kapik	Iran
country	The Martin-Andersen-Nexö-Gymnasium Dresden (MANOS) is a selective high school (gymnasium) in Dresden, Germany, with a special focus on mathematics and sciences.	Martin-Andersen-Nexö-Gymnasium Dresden	Germany
country	Alphonse Airport (ICAO: FSAL) is an airfield serving Alphonse Island, the sole island of the Alphonse Atoll in the Seychelles.	Alphonse Airport	Seychelles
country	Laguna Dalga (Spanish pronunciation: (laˈɣuna ˈðalɣa)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Laguna Dalga	Spain
country	Alustante is a municipality located in the judicial region of Molina de Aragón, in province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Alustante	Spain
country	Häädetkeidas Strict Nature Reserve (Häädetkeitaan luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in the Pirkanmaa and Satakunta regions of Finland.	Häädetkeidas Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	The Chambal Garden is located in southeastern Rajasthan, India on the banks of the Chambal River in the town of Kota (once part of the Rajput kingdom).	Chambal Garden	India
country	However, the highway ends at Cuilco, so travellers wishing to continue on to other parts of Guatemala or to Mexico still must navigate rough dirt roads.	Cuilco	Guatemala
country	Dinaburga Castle (German: Dünaburg), also known as Vecdaugavpils or Vecpils, is a castle located in Naujene parish east of Daugavpils, in the historical region of Latgalia, in eastern Latvia.	Dinaburga Castle	Latvia
country	Attur or Aaththur is a town, municipality and headquarters of Attur taluk in the Salem district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Attur	India
country	Lušnica (Serbian Cyrillic: Лушница) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lušnica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	It is located on the Sofala Bank in Sofala Province of Mozambique.	Sofala	Mozambique
country	Huamango is an early Postclassical (Toltec period) archaeological located about 4 kilometers northwest of the modern city of Acambay in the State of Mexico.	Huamango	Mexico
country	The Gijón International Film Festival (Asturian: Festival Internacional de Cine de Xixón) is an annual film festival held in Gijón, a city in northwest Spain.	Gijón International Film Festival	Spain
country	Pointe de Paumont (in French) or Cima del Vallone (in Italian) is a mountain of Savoie, France and of the Province of Turin, Italy.	Pointe de Paumont	Italy
country	Qaladəhnə (also, Kaladagna, Kaladagnya, and Kaladakhna) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaladəhnə	Azerbaijan
country	Kujak (Persian: كوجك‎, also Romanized as Kūjak) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kujak	Iran
country	Sarmera is a block in Nalanda district of Bihar, India and has nine panchayats namely Malawan, Kenar, Dhanuki, Mirnagar, Husaina, Sarmera, Chero, Sasaur and Isua.	Sarmera	India
country	Gardena Pass (Italian: Passo Gardena; German: Grödnerjoch; Ladin: Ju de Frara or Jëuf de Frea) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites of the South Tyrol in northeast Italy.	Gardena Pass	Italy
country	Ushachy (Belarusian: Ушачы, Russian: Ушачи) is an urban-type settlement, the capital of the Ushachy Raion, Vitsebsk Voblast, Belarus.	Ushachy	Belarus
country	Zabrat Airport (IATA: ZXT, ICAO: UBTT) is a public use airport located 6 nm northeast of Baku, Bakı, Azerbaijan.	Zabrat Airport	Azerbaijan
country	Žigon (pronounced (ˈʒiːɡɔn)) is a village in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Žigon	Slovenia
country	Las Choapas is a city and its surrounding municipality in the southeastern extremes of the state of Veracruz in Mexico.	Las Choapas	Mexico
country	Mount Lewis National Park is national park in both the Shire of Mareeba and Douglas Shire of Far North Queensland, Australia.	Mount Lewis National Park	Australia
country	Buangkok Green is a road that is in Hougang, Singapore; connecting residents from Ang Mo Kio to Sengkang.	Buangkok Green	Singapore
country	The Harzer Wandernadel (literally: ``Harz Walking Badge'') is a system of hiking badges based on a network of checkpoints in the Harz mountains in central Germany.	Harzer Wandernadel	Germany
country	Biestrzynnik (bjɛsˈtʂɨnnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Biestrzynnik	Poland
country	Haveli Majoka is a small village located at the Jhelum River in Pakistan.	Haveli Majoka	Pakistan
country	Dole Manor (Latvian: Doles muižas pils; German: Schloss Dahlen) is a manor house on Dole Island in the Daugava River, in the historical region of Vidzeme, in central Latvia, not far from Riga.	Dole Manor	Latvia
country	Janczewo-Sukmanki (janˈt͡ʂɛvɔ sukˈmanki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Janczewo-Sukmanki	Poland
country	Warsaw Citadel (Polish: Cytadela Warszawska) is a 19th-century fortress in Warsaw, Poland.	Warsaw Citadel	Poland
country	Berke Dam (Turkish: Berke Barajı) is concrete arch-gravity dam built on the Ceyhan river in southern Turkey.	Berke Dam	Turkey
country	Rio Grande do Norte (lit. ``Great Northern River'', in reference to the mouth of the Potenji River, Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁi.u ˈɡɾɐ̃dʒi du ˈnɔʁtʃi)) is one of the states of Brazil, located in the northeastern region of the country, occupying the northeasternmost tip of the South American continent.	Rio Grande do Norte	Brazil
country	Baranowiec (baraˈnɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Baranowiec	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Ahmadi (Persian: مزرعه احمدي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Aḩmadī) is a village in Emamzadeh Aqaali Abbas Rural District, Emamzadeh District, Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Ahmadi	Iran
country	Artukainen (Swedish Artukais) is a district of the city of Turku, Finland.	Artukainen	Finland
country	Snæfellsjökull (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈstn̥aiːfɛlsˌjœːkʏtl̥), snow-fell glacier) is a 700,000-year-old stratovolcano with a glacier covering its summit in western Iceland.	Snæfellsjökull	Iceland
country	The history of Duyvis begins with Teewis Duyvis, who inherited an oil mill from his uncle in the Netherlands in 1806.	Duyvis	Netherlands
country	Katemjan-e Yusefali (Persian: كتمجان يوسفعلي‎, also Romanized as Katemjān-e Yūsef``alī and Kotamjān-e Yūsef``alī) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 36 families.	Katemjan-e Yusefali	Iran
country	Savalan is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan with a population of 294.	Savalan	Azerbaijan
country	Palača (Serbian: Палача) is a small village in Osijek-Baranja County, Croatia.	Palača	Croatia
country	Thallavellamla is a village panchayat in Chityal mandal in Nalgonda district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Thallavellamla	India
country	The Cittadella of Alessandria (Italian: Cittadella di Alessandria) is a star fort and citadel in the city of Alessandria, Italy.	Cittadella of Alessandria	Italy
country	Keikhoo (also pronounced keikhu) are two twin villages in India.	Keikhoo	India
country	Fraubrunnen Abbey is a former Cistercian Abbey in the municipality of Fraubrunnen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Fraubrunnen Abbey	Switzerland
country	Niedobczyce (German: Niebobschütz) is a district of Rybnik, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Niedobczyce	Poland
country	Avianca Building is a skyscraper of 161 meters located at the intersection of 16th street and Seventh avenue, next to the Santander park in Bogotá, Colombia.	Avianca Building	Colombia
country	Vanajavesi is a rather large lake in Finland.	Vanajavesi	Finland
country	Homoljac (Serbian Cyrillic: Хомољац) is a village in Croatia.	Homoljac	Croatia
country	Wolf Blass is an Australian winery based in Tanunda, South Australia within the Barossa Valley wine region.	Wolf Blass	Australia
country	Jraberd (Armenian: Ջրաբերդ; Azerbaijani: Çiləbörd) is a village de facto in the Martakert Region of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, and de-jure in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Jraberd	Azerbaijan
country	Lefkonas (Greek: Λευκώνας) is a village and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Lefkonas	Greece
country	Despite the improvements reducing emissions, the Coleson Cove Generating Station remains the largest thermal generating station in Atlantic Canada and has been cited by the New Brunswick Environmental Network and the Clean Energy Coalition of New Brunswick as the largest single point source of air pollution and greenhouse gases in the region.	Coleson Cove Generating Station	Canada
country	The Koryak Mountains (Russian: Корякское нагорье) are a mountain range in Far-Eastern Siberia, Russia, located south of the Anadyr River, and northeast of the Kamchatka Peninsula.	Koryak Mountains	Russia
country	Koviljkin grad or Koviljka is a name for archaeological ruins close to Banja Koviljača in the Loznica district of western Serbia.	Koviljkin grad	Serbia
country	Hawthorn High School (Welsh: Ysgol Uwchradd Y Hawthorn) is an English-medium comprehensive school in the village of Hawthorn near Pontypridd, in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, in the Country of Wales, United Kingdom.	Hawthorn High School	United Kingdom
country	The University of Sarajevo (Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian: Univerzitet u Sarajevu / Универзитет у Сарајеву) is the largest and oldest university in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and is the oldest institution of tertiary education in the ex-Yugoslav states.	University of Sarajevo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Pannerdens Kanaal (Pannerden Canal) is a canal in the Netherlands that was dredged between 1701 and 1709 to cut off a large, shallow bend of river Rhine and so improve river traffic and water regulation.	Pannerdens Kanaal	Netherlands
country	Gassi Touil is a large natural gas field in the Sahara Desert region of Grand Erg Oriental of Algeria, within the commune of Hassi Messaoud.	Gassi Touil	Algeria
country	In Ukraine, Kulykove Pole is known as a place of the annual Humorina celebration on the April Fools' Day.	Kulykove Pole	Ukraine
country	The Dominican Convent, Ilanz, the motherhouse of the Congregation of the Ilanz Dominican Sisters (German: Ilanzer Dominikanerinnen), is located on a low hillside across the valley from the little town, roughly 30 km (20 miles) to the west of Chur in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Dominican Convent, Ilanz	Switzerland
country	Ein HaEmek (Hebrew: עֵין הָעֵמֶק, lit. Eye of the Valley) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Ein HaEmek	Israel
country	Avenue Montaigne (French pronunciation: ​(avəny mɔ̃tɛɲ)) is a street in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, France	Avenue Montaigne	France
country	Qorqi-ye Sofla (Persian: قرقي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qorqī-ye Soflá; also known as Qorqī and Qarqī) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qorqi-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Payer Island (Russian: oстров Пайера, ostrov Payera) is an island in Franz Josef Land, Russia.	Payer Island	Russia
country	Ncojane or Nojane is a town in the Kalahari desert of Ghanzi District, western Botswana.	Ncojane	Botswana
country	Tsarmitunturi Wilderness Area (Finnish: Tsarmitunturin erämaa) is a wilderness reserve in Inari municipality, Lapland, Finland.	Tsarmitunturi Wilderness Area	Finland
country	Słoków (ˈswɔkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Słoków	Poland
country	The people of Olsobip belong to the Mountain-Ok culture area which is located in the Western range of Papua New Guinea.	Olsobip	Papua New Guinea
country	American Pacific International School is a privately owned boarding school in Chiang Mai, Thailand with a kindergarten, elementary school, middle school, and high school.	American Pacific International School	Thailand
country	Iguala (Spanish pronunciation: (iˈɣwala)), known officially as Iguala de la Independencia, is a historic city located 102 km (63 mi) from the state capital of Chilpancingo, in the Mexican state of Guerrero in southwestern Mexico.	Iguala	Mexico
country	Muelle de Gallineras is a fishing port and marina located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Muelle de Gallineras	Spain
country	Sojas (Persian: سجاس‎, also Romanized as Sojās, Sujās and Sudzhas) is a city in and capital of Sojas Rud District, in Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sojas	Iran
country	Barru is capital of Barru Regency in South Sulawesi province of Indonesia.	Barru	Indonesia
country	Kato Akourdhalia (Greek: Κάτω Ακουρδάλια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 2 km northwest of Miliou.	Kato Akourdhalia	Cyprus
country	Pokhara Airport (IATA: PKR, ICAO: VNPK), is a regional airport serving Pokhara in Nepal.	Pokhara Airport	Nepal
country	Erpeldange Castle (French: Château d'Erpeldange), located in the town of the same name in north-eastern Luxembourg, now houses the administrative offices for the Commune of Erpeldange, with its grounds open to the public.	Erpeldange Castle	Luxembourg
country	Akaoudj is a village in Kabylie, in north-eastern Algeria, belonging to the municipality of Aissa Mimoun (wilaya of Tizi-Ouzou).	Akaoudj	Algeria
country	The Great Colonnade at Apamea was the main colonnaded avenue of the ancient city of Apamea in the Orontes River valley in northwestern Syria.	Great Colonnade at Apamea	Syria
country	Kottarakkulam Sree Mahaganapathy Kovil, Kollam is a popular temple in Kollam, Kerala, South India.	Kottarakkulam Sree Mahaganapathy Kovil	India
country	Holckenhavn Castle is a manor house located next to Holckenhavn Fjord, an arm of the Great Belt, just south of Nyborg on the east coast of Funen, Denmark.	Holckenhavn Castle	Denmark
country	Wadala has several schools and some renowned institutions like Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute (VJTI), The University Institute of Chemical Technology (formerly The University Department of Chemical Technology (UDCT)), Vidyalankar Institute of Technology(VIT), South India Welfare Society (S.I.W.S),Auxilium Convent High School and Khalsa College, located near one another.	Wadala	India
country	The Pomier Caves are a series of 55 caves located north of San Cristobal in the Dominican Republic.	Pomier Caves	Dominican Republic
country	The Circuito de Monsanto, or Monsanto Park Circuit, was a 5.440 km (3.380-mi) race track near Lisbon, Portugal which hosted the Portuguese Grand Prix.	Circuito de Monsanto	Portugal
country	Runde Lighthouse (Norwegian: Runde fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located on the island Runde in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal, Norway.	Runde Lighthouse	Norway
country	Khotont (Mongolian: Хотонт) is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.	Khotont	Mongolia
country	Tuchów (ˈtuxuf) is a town in Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with a population of 6,476 (2004).	Tuchów	Poland
country	With an area of 32.44 km² it is the 16th largest island in Croatia and the largest island in the eponymous Kornati islands archipelago.	Kornat	Croatia
country	Maamorilik (old spelling: Mârmorilik or Maarmorilik, also Black Angel Mine) is a mining site in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Maamorilik	Greenland
country	The Fonds national d'art contemporain (FNAC; National Foundation for Contemporary Art) is a public collection of contemporary art in France.	Fonds national d'art contemporain	France
country	The Canadian and American Reformed Churches (CanRC) are a federation of over fifty Protestant Christian churches in Canada and the US, with historical roots in the Reformed Churches of the Netherlands, and doctrinal roots in the sixteenth-century Protestant Reformation.	Canadian and American Reformed Churches	Canada
country	Bald Island is an island that is located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.	Bald Island	Australia
country	The Idar Forest (German: Idarwald, Celtic: ``id ar'' - hill forest above the land) is part of the Hunsrück low mountain range in the German federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Idar Forest	Germany
country	Mount Arbel (Hebrew: הר ארבל‎, Har Arbel) is a mountain in The Lower Galilee near Tiberias in Israel, with high cliffs, views of Mount Hermon in the Golan Heights, trails to a cave-fortress, and ruins of an ancient synagogue.	Mount Arbel	Israel
country	Gol-e Cheydar (Persian: گلچيدر‎, also Romanized as Golchīdar) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gol-e Cheydar	Iran
country	San Bernardo del Tuyú is a city in the seaside La Costa District of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	San Bernardo del Tuyú	Argentina
country	Zohan (Persian: زهان‎, also Romanized as Zohān; also known as Zihūn) is a city in and the capital of Zohan District, in Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zohan	Iran
country	The Cederberg mountains (Afrikaans: Sederberg) and nature reserve are located near Clanwilliam, approximately 300 km north of Cape Town, South Africa at about 32°30′S 19°0′E. The mountain range is named after the endangered Clanwilliam Cedar (Widdringtonia cedarbergensis), which is a tree endemic to the area.	Cederberg	South Africa
country	Bordj Mokhtar Airport (IATA: BMW, ICAO: DATM) is an airport 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northwest of Bordj Badji Mokhtar, Algeria.	Bordj Mokhtar Airport	Algeria
country	The Château de Lusignan (in Lusignan, Vienne département, France) was the ancestral seat of the House of Lusignan, Poitevin Marcher Lords, who distinguished themselves in the First Crusade and became the royal family of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, the Kingdom of Cyprus, and the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia.	Château de Lusignan	France
country	Līvāni (Latvian: Līvāni, pronunciation ; Latgalian: Leivuons) is a town (population approx. 10,000) in central Latvia.	Līvāni	Latvia
country	Enquête (Inquest) is a Canadian television newsmagazine series, which airs weekly on Radio-Canada and RDI.	Enquête	Canada
country	Marc Garneau Collegiate Institute (MGCI) is a high school in Toronto, Canada, and part of the Toronto District School Board.	Marc Garneau Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Tankosić (in Serbian; Танкосић) or Tankosiq (in Albanian), is a village in the municipality of Ferizaj in Kosovo.	Tankosić	Kosovo
country	Hageby is a Million Programme area in southern Norrköping, Sweden.	Hageby	Sweden
country	Grazanes is one of eleven parishes (administrative divisions) in Cangas de Onís, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, by northern Spain's Picos de Europa mountains.	Grazanes	Spain
country	The Isla Iguana Wildlife Refuge is a 58-hectare wildlife reserve located 5 kilometers off the Los Santos Province on the Azuero Peninsula in Panama.	Isla Iguana Wildlife Refuge	Panama
country	Weiswampach (Luxembourgish: Wäisswampech) is a commune and small town in northern Luxembourg, in the canton of Clervaux.	Weiswampach	Luxembourg
country	Godziejewo (ɡɔd͡ʑɛˈjɛvɔ) (German: Rehfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Godziejewo	Poland
country	The Port Royal Cays is a small group of uninhabited islands or cays off Port Royal, Jamaica, located at 17°55′06.36``N 76°49′11.96''W and arranged in the shape of an atoll with a diameter between 4 and 5 km, and a total area of 12 km².	Port Royal Cays	Jamaica
country	Kodivaka is a village located about 4 km from the town of Vakadu in Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kodivaka	India
country	Débété (also spelled Dabélé) is a town in the far north of Ivory Coast.	Débété	Ivory Coast
country	Ashajipora is a neighborhood located in Anantnag district, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Ashajipora	India
country	Licancabur Lake is a crater lake in Chile located in the Licancabur volcano in the Antofagasta region, of the Región de Antofagasta, Province of El Loa and close to San Pedro de Atacama as well as very close to the border of Chile with Bolivia.	Licancabur Lake	Chile
country	Hambantota District (Sinhalese: හම්බන්තොට දිස්ත්‍රික්කය hambantoṭa distrikkaya; Tamil: அம்பாந்தோட்டை மாவட்டம் Ampāntōṭṭai māvaṭṭam) is a district in Southern Province, Sri Lanka.	Hambantota District	Sri Lanka
country	Asopos (Greek: Ασωπός; also Latinised as Asopus) is a village and a former municipality in Laconia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Asopos	Greece
country	The Krughütte Solar Park is a 29.1-megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power station in Eisleben, Germany.	Krughütte Solar Park	Germany
country	Tabisheh (Persian: طابيشه‎, also Romanized as Ţābīsheh) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tabisheh	Iran
country	Cañada Rosquín is a small town (comuna) in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina.	Cañada Rosquín	Argentina
country	The Mullum Mullum Creek Linear Park is located east of Melbourne, Australia in the suburbs of Doncaster East and Donvale.	Mullum Mullum Creek Linear Park	Australia
country	Visakhapatnam Port is the fifth busiest port in India in terms of cargo handled.	Visakhapatnam	India
country	Colonia Buenos Aires is a colonia of the Cuauhtémoc borough located south of the historic center of Mexico City.	Colonia Buenos Aires	Mexico
country	Ranseren (Southern Sami: Raentsere, bijjie) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden.	Ranseren	Norway	Sweden
country	Lowz Dar (Persian: لوزدر‎; also known as Līzdar and Līzz̄ar) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Lowz Dar	Iran
country	Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport (Thai: ท่าอากาศยานนครศรีธรรมราช) (IATA: NST, ICAO: VTSF) is an airport serving Nakhon Si Thammarat, a town in the Nakhon Si Thammarat Province of Thailand.	Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport	Thailand
country	St Dominic's College, Henderson is an integrated college for girls in Year 7 to Year 13 located in Henderson, Auckland, New Zealand.	St Dominic's College, Henderson	New Zealand
country	Plougonvelin (Breton: Plougonvelen) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Plougonvelin	France
country	Jastrebarsko (pronounced (jâstrebarsko); Hungarian: Jaska) is a town in Zagreb County, Croatia.	Jastrebarsko	Croatia
country	Kirov Bridge is a bridge in Vitsebsk in Belarus.	Kirov Bridge	Belarus
country	Lengare is a village in Khanapur (Vita) taluka of Sangli district of Maharashtra in India.	Lengare	India
country	Deraniyagala is a town in the Kegalle district in the Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka.	Deraniyagala	Sri Lanka
country	Osten (IPA: (ˈoːstən), N. Low Saxon: Oosten) is a municipality in the district of Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Osten	Germany
country	Angera (Latin: Angleria) is a town and comune located in the province of Varese, in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.	Angera	Italy
country	Podklanc (pronounced (ˈpoːtklants)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Meža River south of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Podklanc	Slovenia
country	Rokan River is a river in Riau province, central-eastern Sumatra, Indonesia.	Rokan River	Indonesia
country	The Antigua Workers' Union (AWU) or (ABWU) is a national trade union centre of Antigua and Barbuda.	Antigua Workers' Union	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Chęciny (xɛnˈt͡ɕinɨ) (Yiddish: חענטשין - Khantchin or Chentshin) is a town in Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,252 inhabitants (2006).	Chęciny	Poland
country	``Il Canto degli Italiani'' ((il ˈkanto deʎʎ itaˈljaːni), ``The Song of the Italians'') is the national anthem of Italy.	Il Canto degli Italiani	Italy
country	The Princess Towers is an apartment block located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Princess Towers	Canada
country	Stormyrbassenget (also called Stormyraven or Aven) is a lake in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county, Norway.	Stormyrbassenget	Norway
country	Djenné (also Djénné, Jenné and Jenne) is a town and an urban commune in the Inland Niger Delta region of central Mali.	Djenné	Mali
country	Maştağa (also, Mashtaga, Mashtaghy, and Mashtagi) is a settlement and municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Maştağa	Azerbaijan
country	Gostilitsy is a village and the administrative center of Gostilitskoye Rural Settlement in Lomonosovsky District, Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located several kilometers west of the town of Petergof.	Gostilitsy	Russia
country	Malesiada is a village and a community in Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece.	Malesiada	Greece
country	The Musée de la Faïence de Marseille is a museum in southern Marseille, France, dedicated to faience, a type of pottery.	Musée de la Faïence de Marseille	France
country	Independent Progressive is a description which has been used in the United Kingdom and elsewhere, to denote a political Progressive who lacks a formal affiliation to a party.	Independent Progressive	United Kingdom
country	The Mogadishu Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Mogadishu Cathedral	Somalia
country	The Krumbach Saddle (German: Krumbachsattel, 951 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the state of Lower Austria.	Krumbach Saddle	Austria
country	Rimavská Sobota (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈrimawskaː ˈsobota); Hungarian: Rimaszombat, German: Großsteffelsdorf) is a town in southern Slovakia, in the Banská Bystrica Region, on the Rimava river.	Rimavská Sobota	Slovakia
country	Hülövlü (also, Gyulevle, Gyulevli, and Gyulevlyu) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hülövlü	Azerbaijan
country	The Tayandu Islands (or Tayando Islands, Pulau² Tayando) are a group of low-lying islands just west of the larger Kai Islands of Maluku, Indonesia.	Tayandu Islands	Indonesia
country	Geureudong or Bur ni Geureudong or Bur ni Telong is a stratovolcanic complex in northern Sumatra, Indonesia.	Geureudong	Indonesia
country	Mazraeh-ye Changiz (Persian: مزرعه چنگيز‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Changīz) is a village in Jowshaqan-e Qali Rural District, Qamsar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Changiz	Iran
country	Aschanska Villa is a listed building in Umeå in northern Sweden.	Aschanska Villa	Sweden
country	Laukaha has a primary school,High school,inter college,a Police station,a Post office,a branch of State Bank of India,a branch of Central Bank of India& Gramin Bank in the market.	Laukaha	India
country	Ciężkie (ˈt͡ɕɛ̃ʂkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ciężkie	Poland
country	The Lax-kw'alaams First Nation is a First Nations government at Lax Kw'alaams, formerly Port Simpson, close to Prince Rupert in British Columbia, Canada.	Lax-kw'alaams First Nation	Canada
country	Ürgüp (Greek: Προκόπιο Prokópio or Cappadocian Greek: Προκόπι Prokópi, Ottoman Turkish: Burgut Kalesi‎) is a town and district of Nevşehir Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Ürgüp	Turkey
country	Nagoya Stock Exchange (名古屋証券取引所 Nagoya Shōken Torihikijo, NSE) is a stock trading market in Nagoya, Japan.	Nagoya Stock Exchange	Japan
country	Ojców National Park (Polish: Ojcowski Park Narodowy) is a national park in Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland, established in 1956.	Ojców National Park	Poland
country	Kingsey Falls, Quebec is a town in Centre-du-Québec, Quebec, Canada, with a population of 2,000 at the 2011 census.	Kingsey Falls, Quebec	Canada
country	Tam Cốc-Bích Động is a popular tourist destination near the city of Ninh Bình in northern Vietnam.	Tam Cốc-Bích Động	Vietnam
country	Lago di Occhito is a lake in the Province of Foggia, Province of Campobasso, Apulia, Molise, Italy.	Lago di Occhito	Italy
country	The Pines Beach is a small village situated roughly 4 km east of Kaiapoi in the Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand.	The Pines Beach	New Zealand
country	Chhapian Wali (also spelled as Chhapianwali or Chhapiyanwali) is a village in Mansa district of Punjab, India.	Chhapian Wali	India
country	Asserbo Charterhouse is a fortress and monastery ruin in the small town of Asserbo north of Frederiksværk on North Zealand in Denmark.	Asserbo Charterhouse	Denmark
country	The Degania Dam is a small barrage across the Jordan River just below the Sea of Galilee near Degania Alef and Yardenit in northern Israel.	Degania Dam	Israel
country	Jiménez River (Spanish pronunciation: (xiˈmenes)) is a river of Costa Rica.	Jiménez River	Costa Rica
country	Silesian-Lusatian Lowlands (or Silesian-Lusatian Uplands, Polish: Nizina Śląsko-Łużycka) are lowlands located in Silesia, Poland and Germany.	Silesian-Lusatian Lowlands	Poland
country	Nowodomki (nɔvɔˈdɔmki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowodomki	Poland
country	The Shire of Mundubbera was a local government area in the northern catchment of the Burnett River, Queensland, Australia.	Shire of Mundubbera	Australia
country	Tupambaé is a village (pueblo) in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay.	Tupambaé	Uruguay
country	Bugisu sub-region is a region in Eastern Uganda that consists of the following districts:	Bugisu sub-region	Uganda
country	Kristin School is an private co-educational composite school located in Albany, North Shore, New Zealand.	Kristin School	New Zealand
country	Sairé is a municipality located in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil.	Sairé	Brazil
country	The first structures on Metzad were erected by the Israel Defense Forces's civil corps of engineers.	Metzad	Israel
country	The Barrier Highway is a highway in New South Wales and South Australia signposted as part of route A32.	Barrier Highway	Australia
country	Flygarmonumentet (The Aviator Monument) is a statue that stands at Karlaplan in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Flygarmonumentet	Sweden
country	Limón International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional de Limón) (IATA: LIO, ICAO: MRLM) in Limón, Costa Rica, is one of the four international airports in that country.	Limón International Airport	Costa Rica
country	Pisagua Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Pisagua, ICAO: SCPS) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres (1 mi) east-southeast of Pisagua, Tarapacá, Chile.	Pisagua Airport	Chile
country	Saint-Sulpice-Laurière (Occitan: Sent Superis) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Sulpice-Laurière	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Yadollah Jafari (Persian: مزرعه يداله جعفري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Yadollah Ja``farī) is a village in Fasarud Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 12 families.	Mazraeh-ye Yadollah Jafari	Iran
country	Amar Janta Intermediate College , popularly known as Amar Janta College or as Amar Janta Inter College is an education institute in Katra Gulab Singh, Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Amar Janta Intermediate College	India
country	Tamin Rural District (Persian: دهستان تمين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mirjaveh County, in Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tamin Rural District	Iran
country	Viscount Boyd of Merton, of Merton-in-Penninghame in the County of Wigtown, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.	Penninghame	United Kingdom
country	Koitelinkoski (i.e. Koiteli rapids) is an outdoor recreation area located along the Kiiminkijoki river in the Kiiminki district in Oulu, Finland.	Koitelinkoski	Finland
country	The University of Adelaide (colloquially Adelaide University or Adelaide Uni) is a public university in Adelaide, South Australia.	University of Adelaide	Australia
country	Lago Jeinimeni National Reserve is a nature reserve of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region, south of Chile Chico.	Lago Jeinimeni National Reserve	Chile
country	Raggejavreraige or Råggejávrrerájgge is a cave located in a mountain above the Hellemofjorden in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county, Norway.	Raggejavreraige	Norway
country	Øvrebø is a rural district, a village, and a former municipality in Vest-Agder county in Norway.	Øvrebø	Norway
country	Gorąca (ɡɔˈrɔnt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gorąca	Poland
country	Temagami Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNC8), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) southwest of Temagami, Ontario, Canada.	Temagami Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Prior to this Rossarden was one of Australia's major tin producing towns.	Rossarden	Australia
country	Saratov State Technical University (Russian: Саратовский государственный технический университет), located in Saratov, is one of the leading technical universities in Russia.	Saratov State Technical University	Russia
country	Czepurka (t͡ʂɛˈpurka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Czepurka	Poland
country	Marangu Magharibi is a town and ward in the Moshi Rural district of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.	Marangu Magharibi	Tanzania
country	Greater Napanee is a town in Southeastern Ontario, Canada, approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Kingston and the county seat of Lennox and Addington County.	Greater Napanee	Canada
country	Groß Düben is a municipality in the district Görlitz, Saxony, Germany.	Groß Düben	Germany
country	Zaviyeh-ye Kivi (Persian: زاويه كيوي‎, also Romanized as Zāvīyeh-ye Kīvī) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Zaviyeh-ye Kivi	Iran
country	Dashli Daraq (Persian: داشلي درق‎, also Romanized as Dāshlī Daraq; also known as Dāshlī Darreh and Dāshtan Darreh) is a village in Salavat Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dashli Daraq	Iran
country	Ab Khuneh (Persian: ابخونه‎, also Romanized as Āb Khūneh; also known as Āb Khāneh) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Meybod County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ab Khuneh	Iran
country	222 Exhibition Street (TAC House) is an office building in Melbourne, Australia.	222 Exhibition Street (TAC House)	Australia
country	The Ledberg stone, designated as Ög 181 under Rundata, is an image-stone and runestone located in Östergötland, Sweden.	Ledberg stone	Sweden
country	Camp de Tarragona (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈkam də tərəˈɣonə)) is a natural and historical region of Catalonia, Spain.	Camp de Tarragona	Spain
country	Mirawno (miˈravnɔ) (German: Marienhöhe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mirawno	Poland
country	The Union of Czech and Slovak Zoological Gardens (Unie českých a slovenských zoologických zahrad) is an association of zoos in the Czech Republic and Slovakia that was founded in 1990.	Union of Czech and Slovak Zoological Gardens	Slovakia
country	Tavayvaam (Russian: Тавайва́ам) is a rural locality (a selo) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of okrug significance of Anadyr in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Tavayvaam	Russia
country	The is also a light-version, Faxe Kondi Free, and three energy drinks (sold in Denmark only), Faxe Kondi Booster, Faxe Kondi Booster Blue and Faxe Kondi Booster Red.	Faxe Kondi	Denmark
country	The Sierra de Grazalema Natural Park (Spanish: Parque natural de la Sierra de Grazalema) is a natural park in the northeastern part of the province of Cádiz in southern Spain.	Sierra de Grazalema Natural Park	Spain
country	Turku Student Village (Finnish: Turun ylioppilaskylä, abbreviated Yo-kylä, Swedish: Studentbyn) is the largest single student housing complex in Finland.	Turku Student Village	Finland
country	Tafazzolabad (Persian: تفضل اباد‎, also Romanized as Tafaẕẕolābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tafazzolabad	Iran
country	Khezrabad District (Persian: بخش خضرآباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Khezrabad District	Iran
country	The Batéké Plateau is located around the border between the Republic of Congo and Gabon.	Batéké Plateau	Gabon
country	Cook Strait lies between the North and South Islands of New Zealand.	Cook Strait	New Zealand
country	Santa María del Lago (Spanish: Humedal Santa María del Lago) is a wetland, part of the Wetlands of Bogotá, Colombia.	Santa María del Lago	Colombia
country	Canadian Forces Base Esquimalt (CFB Esquimalt) is Canada's Pacific Coast naval base and home port to Maritime Forces Pacific and Joint Task Force Pacific Headquarters.	CFB Esquimalt	Canada
country	Entrena is a municipality of La Rioja, (Spain), located near the capital Logroño.	Entrena	Spain
country	The Gorner Glacier (German: Gornergletscher) is a valley glacier found on the west side of the Monte Rosa Massif close to Zermatt in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Gorner Glacier	Switzerland
country	Serralves is a cultural institution located in Porto, Portugal, and one of the most important of all the country.	Serralves	Portugal
country	Ibrahim Hyderi (Urdu: ابراہیم حیدری‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Bin Qasim Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Ibrahim Hyderi	Pakistan
country	Velestino (Greek: Βελεστίνο) is a town in the Magnesia regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Velestino	Greece
country	Lanrelas (Breton: Lanrelaz) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Lanrelas	France
country	The Karkheh Dam (Persian: سد کرخه‎) is a large multi-purpose earthen embankment dam built in Iran on the Karkheh River in 2001 by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC).	Karkheh Dam	Iran
country	Chhajjian (Urdu - Hindko چھجیاں) is a valley in Haripur District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Chhajjian	Pakistan
country	Pulozero (Russian: Пулозеро) is a rural locality (a selo) in Pushnovsky Territorial Okrug of Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 141 meters (463 ft) above sea level.	Pulozero	Russia
country	Lazanias (Greek: Λαζανιάς or Λαζανιά; Turkish: Lazanya) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located southwest of Gourri.	Lazanias	Cyprus
country	Booster Lake is located in Nopiming Provincial Park in the province of Manitoba, Canada.	Booster Lake	Canada
country	Hampton Downs Motorsport Park is situated in rural northern Waikato (about halfway between Auckland and Hamilton on the Waikato Expressway), New Zealand near the Meremere drag strip and the dirt track club.	Hampton Downs Motorsport Park	New Zealand
country	Paramonga was an important city constructed at the border of the former Kingdom of Chimor in Peru during the late Intermediate Period (1200 to 1400AD), whose capital was the metropolis of Chan Chan.	Paramonga	Peru
country	Najafabad-e Yek (Persian: نجف آباد1‎, also Romanized as Najafabad-e Yek; also known as Najafabad) is a village in Kavirat Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Najafabad-e Yek	Iran
country	Növcü (also, Novdzhu) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Növcü	Azerbaijan
country	Ltd. is a proprietary company limited by shares and registered in Australia, as is the Bufori Motor Car Company (M) Sdn.	Bufori	Australia
country	Montrodat is a commune in the Lozère departement in southern France.	Montrodat	France
country	Okere Falls is a small town located 21 km from Rotorua on SH 33 between Rotorua and Tauranga on the North Island of New Zealand.	Okere Falls	New Zealand
country	Lippendorf Power Station is a lignite-fired power station in Lippendorf, which is located in the municipality of Neukieritzsch, near Leipzig in Saxony, Germany.	Lippendorf Power Station	Germany
country	The Fenambosy Chevron is one of four chevron-shaped land features on the southwest coast of Madagascar, near the tip of Madagascar, 180 meters (590 ft) high and 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) inland.	Fenambosy Chevron	Madagascar
country	Milborrow Chimney Sweeps expanded over time and became one of the largest chimney sweeping company in the United Kingdom.	Milborrow Chimney Sweeps	United Kingdom
country	Estadio Julio César Villagra, nicknamed El Gigante de Alberdi, is a multi-use stadium in Córdoba, Argentina.	El Gigante de Alberdi	Argentina
country	Faiava Island (also known as Wasaü) is one of the Loyalty Islands, in the archipelago of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Faiava Island	France
country	Anglo-Chinese School (Barker Road) is a secondary school of the Anglo-Chinese School family located at the Barker Road campus, Singapore.	Anglo-Chinese School (Barker Road)	Singapore
country	Trachypedoula (Greek: Τραχυπέδουλα) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 5 km south of Salamiou.	Trachypedoula	Cyprus
country	Rąbkowa (rɔmpˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rąbkowa	Poland
country	Dooxada Cambaareed, also known as Dooxadacambaareed, is a locality in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia.	Dooxada Cambaareed	Somalia
country	Balvano is a small city and a commune in the province of Potenza (Basilicata, southern Italy).	Balvano	Italy
country	Arpadüzü (Armenian: Պերետես, Peretes) (also, Kolkhizashen, Kolkhozashen, Kolxozaşen, and Mashadishen) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Arpadüzü	Azerbaijan
country	Dommartin-Lettrée is a village and commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France some 22 kilometres south of Châlons-en-Champagne and some 22 kilometres west of Vitry-le-François.	Dommartin-Lettrée	France
country	Leichhardt Oval is a football stadium in Leichhardt, New South Wales, Australia.	Leichhardt Oval	Australia
country	Kasumigaseki (霞が関, 霞ヶ関 or 霞ケ関, literally Barrier/gate of Fog) is a district in Chiyoda Ward in Tokyo, Japan.	Kasumigaseki	Japan
country	The Peshawar Club Ground is a cricket ground in Peshawar, Pakistan, used for one Test match between India and Pakistan.	Peshawar Club Ground	Pakistan
country	Machiques is a city in Zulia State, Venezuela, located in the northwest portion of the country.	Machiques	Venezuela
country	The Academy of Fine Arts, Munich (German: Akademie der Bildenden Künste München, also known as Munich Academy) is one of the oldest and most significant art academies in Germany.	Academy of Fine Arts, Munich	Germany
country	Playa Negra is a beach in the Guanacaste Province of Costa Rica.	Playa Negra	Costa Rica
country	H-2 Air Base (code-named 202B) is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Al-Anbar Governorate of Iraq.	H-2 Air Base	Iraq
country	Uppsala University - Campus Gotland (Swedish: Uppsala universitet - Campus Gotland) is a campus of Uppsala University and a former university college (högskola) previously known in English as Gotland University located in Visby on the Baltic island of Gotland, Sweden.	Campus Gotland	Sweden
country	Barra del Colorado Airport (IATA: BCL, ICAO: MRBC) is an airport serving Barra del Colorado a town located in Pococí canton, Limón province, Costa Rica.	Barra del Colorado Airport	Costa Rica
country	The Degtyarsky mine is a large copper mine located in the south-west of Russia in Sverdlovsk Oblast.	Degtyarsky mine	Russia
country	Czystebłota (ˈt͡ʂɨstɛ ˈbwɔta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czystebłota	Poland
country	Parkove (Ukrainian: Паркове; Russian: Парковое; Crimean Tatar: Yañı Küçükköy) is an urban-type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Parkove	Ukraine	Russia
country	Tremithousa (Greek: Τρεμιθούσα Πάφου) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 7 km north of Paphos.	Tremithousa	Cyprus
country	The Coimbatore Medical College is a state government-run medical college recognized by the Medical Council of India.	Coimbatore Medical College	India
country	Kajabad (Persian: كج اباد‎, also Romanized as Kajābād) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kajabad	Iran
country	Chitbara Gaon is a town and a nagar panchayat of Ballia district, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Chitbara Gaon	India
country	Mogi-Guaçu Biological Reserve is a biological reserve located in the State of São Paulo, Brazil.	Mogi-Guaçu Biological Reserve	Brazil
country	The Schönebecker Aue is a geest stream in Bremen and Lower Saxony, Germany.	Schönebecker Aue	Germany
country	The CPF Building is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore.	CPF Building	Singapore
country	Thestieis (Greek: Θεστιείς) is a former municipality in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece.	Thestieis	Greece
country	Mourão (Portuguese pronunciation: (mowˈɾɐ̃w)) is a municipality in the District of Évora in Portugal.	Mourão	Portugal
country	Davudoba (also, Davidoba) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Davudoba	Azerbaijan
country	Mount Raoul Blanchard is the highest peak in the Laurentian Mountains, Quebec, Canada at 1,166 m (3,825 ft).	Mount Raoul Blanchard	Canada
country	Vanevan (Armenian: Վանևան; formerly, Shafak) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Vanevan	Armenia
country	Estádio da Madeira, formerly named Estadio Eng. Rui Alves and informally known as Estádio da Choupana is a football stadium in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal.	Estádio da Madeira	Portugal
country	Newquay Cornwall Airport provides links to many other parts of the United Kingdom.	Newquay	United Kingdom
country	Xırdaoymaq (also, Khyrdaoymak and Khyrdaoymakh) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xırdaoymaq	Azerbaijan
country	Del Norte International Airport (IATA: NTR, ICAO: MMAN) is an airport located in Apodaca, Nuevo Leon, Mexico, working as a secondary airport for Mexico's third largest city, Monterrey.	Del Norte International Airport	Mexico
country	Pokr Sariar (Armenian: Փոքր Սարիար, also Romanized as P’ok’r Sariar; Russified as Sariar Malyy) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Pokr Sariar	Armenia
country	Ticho House (Hebrew: בית טיכו‎, Beit Tikho) is a historical home in Jerusalem, Israel, now functioning as a museum, administered as part of the national Israel Museum, which includes a restaurant and cultural center.	Ticho House	Israel
country	The Galway Technical Institute is a third level educational facility located on Father Griffin Road, Claddagh, Galway, Ireland.	Galway Technical Institute	Ireland
country	East Bergholt is in the Wards and electoral divisions of the United Kingdom called Dodnash.	East Bergholt	United Kingdom
country	Kozani (Greek: Κοζάνη, pronounced (koˈzani)) is a town in northern Greece, capital of Kozani regional unit and of West Macedonia region.	Kozani	Greece
country	Verkhovyna is currently an important tourist center in Ukraine.	Verkhovyna	Ukraine
country	Blatná (Czech pronunciation: (ˈblatnaː); German: Blatna) is a small town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic, with a water castle in the center of an artificial lake and a landscape garden around it.	Blatná	Czech Republic
country	``Mer Hayrenik'' (Armenian: Մեր Հայրենիք, Armenian pronunciation: (mɛɾ hɑjɾɛnikʰ); ``Our Fatherland'') is the national anthem of the Republic of Armenia.	Mer Hayrenik	Armenia
country	The Qemal Stafa Stadium (Albanian: Stadiumi Qemal Stafa), named after Qemal Stafa a World War II hero, is a national stadium and the largest football stadium in Tirana, Albania.	Qemal Stafa Stadium	Albania
country	Prymusowa Wola (prɨmuˈsɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Prymusowa Wola	Poland
country	Dubí (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdubiː); German: Eichwald) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region, in the Czech Republic, near Teplice in the Ore Mountains, with 7,792 residents.	Dubí	Czech Republic
country	Monte Chiappo is a mountain of the Appennine located in Italy.	Monte Chiappo	Italy
country	Cheltenham Park Racecourse was a horse racing track located in the suburb of Cheltenham in Adelaide, South Australia.	Cheltenham Park Racecourse	Australia
country	Obre Lake/North of Sixty Airport (IATA: YDW, TC LID: CKV4) is a private aerodrome near Obre Lake in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Obre Lake/North of Sixty Airport	Canada
country	Mowtowr-e Dushanbeh Rushni (Persian: موتوردوشنبه روشني‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Dūshanbeh Rūshnī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Dushanbeh Rushni	Iran
country	Kalupe is a settlement in Daugavpils District in southeastern Latvia.	Kalupe	Latvia
country	Namgwangju Station (``South Gwangju Station'') is a station on Line 1 of the Gwangju Subway, located at Hak-dong 994 in Dong-gu, Gwangju, South Korea.	Namgwangju Station	South Korea
country	Kodeń (ˈkɔdɛɲ) is a village in eastern Poland on the Bug River, which forms the border between Poland and Belarus.	Kodeń	Poland
country	The Petten nuclear reactors are nuclear research reactors in Petten, Netherlands.	Petten nuclear reactor	Netherlands
country	Bid Karz (Persian: بيدكرز‎, also Romanized as Bīd Karz; also known as Bīkārez, Bikarz, Bīkasr, and Bīkaz) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bid Karz	Iran
country	Paris-Gare de Lyon (or Gare de Lyon) is one of the six large mainline railway station termini in Paris, France.	Paris-Gare de Lyon	France
country	Fanuj (Persian: فنوج‎‎, also Romanized as Fanūj, Fannūj, Pannūj and Fānūch) is a city in and the capital of Fanuj District, in Fanuj County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Fanuj	Iran
country	Ümraniye (pronounced (ymˈɾaːnije)) is a very large working class district of Istanbul, Turkey, with a population of over 650,000.	Ümraniye	Turkey
country	The Kamal Kumari National Award is an Indian Award given to individuals and groups in India for outstanding contribution to Art, Culture & Literature and Science & Technology.	Kamal Kumari National Award	India
country	Loungue is a place in Burkina Faso.	Loungue	Burkina Faso
country	Wolpi-dong (Hangul: 월피동; hanja: 月陂洞) is a neighbourhood of Sangnok-gu, Ansan, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Wolpi-dong	South Korea
country	Sehesteds plass ('Sehested's Square') is a square in Oslo, Norway.	Sehesteds plass	Norway
country	Al Daih (Arabic: الديه‎) is a village on the north of Bahrain.	Al Daih	Bahrain
country	The Piraí River (Rio de Janeiro) is in the state of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil.	Piraí River (Rio de Janeiro)	Brazil
country	Mała (ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ropczyce, within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Mała	Poland
country	Łąg-Kolonia (ˈwɔnk kɔˈlɔɲa) (German: Long Kolonie) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łąg-Kolonia	Poland
country	Čurug (Serbian Cyrillic: Чуруг) is a village in the municipality of Žabalj, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Čurug	Serbia
country	Kabaena is an island in the Flores Sea, Indonesia, off the coast of Sulawesi.	Kabaena	Indonesia
country	Grand Hyatt Muscat Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in Shaati Al Qurum, Muscat, Oman.	Grand Hyatt Muscat Hotel	Oman
country	Bredsättra socken is a former socken of Runsten Hundred on Öland, Sweden.	Bredsättra socken	Sweden
country	Hjem-IS (Denmark, Norway), Hemglass (Sweden) or Kotijäätelö (Finland), all meaning ``Home Ice Cream'', is a Northern European brand of ice cream.	Hjem-IS	Sweden
country	The Bundesfinanzdirektionen replaced the federal parts of the Oberfinanzdirektionen in Germany.	Bundesfinanzdirektion	Germany
country	Toluca Cathedral, formally Cathedral of Saint Joseph of Nazaret (Spanish: Catedral de San José de Nazaret) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Toluca, Mexico, named after Saint Joseph.	Toluca Cathedral	Mexico
country	Hedland Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in South Hedland, a regional centre 1,632 kilometres (1,014 mi) north east of Perth, Western Australia.	Hedland Senior High School	Australia
country	The Greek Ecologists and its leader are not accepted as a Green party by the Ecologist Greens, which enjoys international recognition as Greece's green party.	Greek Ecologists	Greece
country	Al Fardan Residences, also known as the Barjeel Tower and the Wind Tower, is a 64 storey residential skyscraper in West Bay, Doha, Qatar.	Al Fardan Residences	Qatar
country	The station was named Jairamnagar after Rai Bahadur Jairam Valji Chauhan, a noted Kutchi railway contractor on 1 September 1939 by Bengal Nagpur Railway authorities being the only Railway Station in the whole of India to have been named after an individual businessman.	Jairamnagar	India
country	UWC Mahindra College is an International Baccalaureate (IB) pre-university college, located 40 km west of Pune in Maharashtra, India.	UWC Mahindra College	India
country	Lubardići (Serbian: Лубардићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lubardići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ozolmuiža Manor (Latvian: Ozolmuižas kungu māja) is an Early Classicism style manor house built for Count George Johann von Mellinn at the end of the 18th century in the historical region of Vidzeme, northern Latvia.	Ozolmuiža Manor	Latvia
country	The Castle of Alarcón forms part of the fortifications built around the town of Alarcón in Cuenca, Spain.	Castle of Alarcón	Spain
country	Tangamong Lake is a lake in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in the township of Wollaston, Hastings County in eastern Ontario, Canada, at the easternmost end of the Kawartha Lakes chain.	Tangamong Lake	Canada
country	Shesh Pir (Persian: شش پير‎, also Romanized as Shesh Pīr) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shesh Pir	Iran
country	Middlemore Hospital is a major public hospital in the suburb of Middlemore, Auckland City, New Zealand.	Middlemore Hospital	New Zealand
country	The Manitoba Derby is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually at the beginning of August at Assiniboia Downs in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Derby	Canada
country	The series aired in Canada in 1996 under the English-language title Night Hood, and in francophone markets as Les Exploits d'Arsène Lupin.	Night Hood	Canada
country	Tellin is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg, in the Ardennes.	Tellin	Belgium
country	Oppenau is a town located in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Oppenau	Germany
country	Clonloghan (Irish: Cluain Lócháin) is a civil parish of County Clare, Ireland, located 21.7 kilometres (13.5 mi) by road northwest of Limerick, just north of Shannon.	Clonloghan	Ireland
country	Mhaidse or El Mhaidsse is a village in Lebanon, situated in the Rashaya District and south of the Beqaa Governorate.	Mhaidse	Lebanon
country	The Moorina Power Station is a decommissioned hydroelectric power station, located near the hamlet of Moorina in far north-eastern Tasmania, Australia.	Moorina Power Station	Australia
country	Nsoko Airfield (ICAO: FDNS ) is an airstrip serving Nsoko, in Swaziland.	Nsoko Airfield	Swaziland
country	Niphates is a mountain chain in Armenia that John Milton uses in Paradise Lost iii. 742 as Satan's landing spot upon Earth.	Niphates	Armenia
country	Tekirdağ Çorlu Airport (IATA: TEQ, ICAO: LTBU) (Turkish: Tekirdağ Çorlu Havalimanı) is a military and public airport in Çorlu, a town in Tekirdağ Province, Turkey.	Tekirdağ Çorlu Airport	Turkey
country	The Desaguadero River (Spanish: Río Desaguadero, Spanish pronunciation: (ˈri.o ðesaɣwaˈðeɾo)) is the general name of a river in western Argentina that receives a number of different names on its path of 1,515 kilometres (941 mi).	Desaguadero River	Argentina
country	Erasmio (Greek: Εράσμιο) is a community in the municipality Topeiros in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Erasmio	Greece
country	Alva Church (Swedish: Alva kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the Swedish island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby (Sweden).	Alva Church	Sweden
country	Chondros (Greek: Χόνδρος) is a village and a community in the Heraklion regional unit of the island of Crete, Greece.	Chondros	Greece
country	Vaghashen (Armenian: Վաղաշեն, also Romanized as Vagashen; until 1935, Avdalagalu and Abdalaghalu) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Vaghashen	Armenia
country	Marushin (Persian: مروشين‎, also Romanized as Marūshīn) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marushin	Iran
country	The Laura Biathlon & Ski Complex is a skiing venue located on the crests and slopes of Psekhako Ridge in Krasnaya Polyana, Russia.	Laura Biathlon & Ski Complex	Russia
country	Haftoni (also, Gaftoni) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Haftoni	Azerbaijan
country	The Aruã River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.	Aruã River	Brazil
country	Kosina (kɔˈɕina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łańcut, within Łańcut County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kosina	Poland
country	The Hawkesbury River, is a semi--mature tide dominated drowned valley estuary located to the west and north of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Hawkesbury River	Australia
country	Sturehof is a famous seafood and shellfish restaurant on the Stureplan in Stockholm, Sweden, established in 1897.	Sturehof	Sweden
country	Kažani (Macedonian: Кажани) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia	Kažani	Macedonia
country	RAAF Base Pearce (ICAO: YPEA) is the main Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) base in Western Australia.	RAAF Base Pearce	Australia
country	San Gimignano (Italian pronunciation: (san dʒimiɲˈɲaːno)) is a small walled medieval hill town in the province of Siena, Tuscany, north-central Italy.	San Gimignano	Italy
country	Dadhimati Mata Temple of the goddess Dadhimati is located in Nagaur district, Rajasthan, India.	Dadhimati Mata Temple	India
country	Isenburg-Büdingen was a County of southern Hesse, Germany, located in Büdingen.	Isenburg-Büdingen	Germany
country	The Aisha-Bibi (Kazakh: Айша бибі) is an 11th or 12th-century mausoleum for a noble woman located in the village of Aisha Bibi, 18 km (11 mi) west of Taraz, Kazakhstan on the Silk Road.	Aisha Bibi	Kazakhstan
country	Wabush Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CCX5) is adjacent to Wabush, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada on Little Wabush Lake and is open from June until October.	Wabush Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Stara Ushytsia (Ukrainian: Стара Ушиця) is an urban-type settlement in the Kamianets-Podilskyi Raion (district) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine.	Stara Ushytsia	Ukraine
country	Rivière-du-Loup Airport, (IATA: YRI, ICAO: CYRI), is located 4.5 nautical miles (8.3 km; 5.2 mi) south southwest of Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec, Canada.	Rivière-du-Loup Airport	Canada
country	Poljane pri Stični (pronounced (pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈstiːtʃni)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Poljane pri Stični	Slovenia
country	XHUAN-FM (Fusión 102.5) is a public radio station licensed to Tijuana, Baja California, owned by IMER (Instituto Mexicano de la Radio), Mexico's public radio network.	XHUAN-FM	Mexico
country	Pallouriotissa (Greek: Παλλουριώτισσα (locally (palːuˈr̥kotisːa))) is an area of Nicosia, Cyprus, formerly an independent village, which was annexed to the municipality in 1968.	Pallouriotissa	Cyprus
country	Dangez (Persian: دنگز‎, also Romanized as Dangz; also known as Dang) is a village in Dehkuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dangez	Iran
country	Bir Tibetan Colony is a Tibetan refugee settlement in the Himalayan village of Chowgan on the outskirts of the town of Bir, in the state of Himachal Pradesh in northern India.	Bir Tibetan Colony	India
country	International School Manila (abbreviation: ISM) is a private school in Bonifacio Global City, Metro Manila, Philippines.	International School Manila	Philippines
country	Deira Island is a group of artificial islands in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Deira Island	United Arab Emirates
country	The Salvador Metro (Portuguese: Metrô de Salvador, commonly called Metrô) is a metro system and project for the Bahia state of Brazil, specifically in the city of Salvador.	Salvador Metro	Brazil
country	Tyrifjorden (Lake Tyri) is Norway's fifth largest lake with an area of 137 km2.	Tyrifjorden	Norway
country	Ashotavan (Armenian: Աշոտավան; formerly, Aghk’end, T’azak’end, Khnok, and Kirakosik) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Ashotavan	Armenia
country	Cotabato City, officially the City of Cotabato (Malay: Kota Batu; Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Cotabato; Filipino: Lungsod ng Cotabato) is one of the independent component cities located in Mindanao Island Philippines.	Cotabato City	Philippines
country	Imilijjuaq Island is one of several Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay.	Imilijjuaq Island	Canada
country	Nagapattinam division is a revenue division of Nagapattinam district in Tamil Nadu, India.	Nagapattinam division	India
country	Radych (Ukrainian: Радич, Polish: Radycz) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Radych	Ukraine
country	Meieribyen is the administrative center of Skiptvet, Norway.	Meieribyen	Norway
country	Toila is a small borough (alevik) in Ida-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.	Toila	Estonia
country	Karchegan (Persian: كرچگان‎, also Romanized as Karchegān) is a village in Keraj Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Karchegan	Iran
country	Laguna Colorada (Red Lagoon) is a shallow salt lake in the southwest of the altiplano of Bolivia, within Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve and close to the border with Chile.	Laguna Colorada	Bolivia
country	Château Cheval Blanc (French for ``White Horse Castle''), is a wine producer in Saint-Émilion in the Bordeaux wine region of France.	Château Cheval Blanc	France
country	Steinkjersannan or Sannan is a neighborhood of town of Steinkjer, Norway.	Steinkjersannan	Norway
country	The Reichsmarine (English: Navy of the Realm) was the name of the German Navy during the Weimar Republic and first two years of Nazi Germany.	Reichsmarine	Weimar Republic	Nazi Germany
country	ES La Ciotat are a football club based in the town of La Ciotat in France.	ES La Ciotat	France
country	Nowa Wieś-Śladów (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈɕladuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Wieś-Śladów	Poland
country	Krāslava Municipality (Latvian: Krāslavas novads, Latgalian: Kruoslovys nūvods) is a municipality in Latgale, Latvia.	Krāslava Municipality	Latvia
country	The Šmarna Gora District (Slovene: Četrtna skupnost Šmarna gora), or simply Šmarna Gora, is a district (mestna četrt) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Šmarna Gora District	Slovenia
country	Chaviz (Persian: چاويز‎, also Romanized as Chāvīz) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chaviz	Iran
country	Ogan Komering Ilir Regency (abbreviation OKI) is a regency of South Sumatra Province, Indonesia.	Ogan Komering Ilir Regency	Indonesia
country	Darkian (Persian: دركيان‎, also Romanized as Darkīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Darkian	Iran
country	Gitnadoiks River Provincial Park (formerly Gitnadoix River Recreation Area) is a 58,000 hectare provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.	Gitnadoiks River Provincial Park	Canada
country	Krokos (called Γκόβλιτσα, Govlishta or Гоблица before 1927) is a small Greek town (κομώπολη / komopoli) of five thousand inhabitants, only 5 km south of the city of Kozani in the geographical region of Macedonia, in Greece.	Krokos	Greece
country	The Phoenicia Hotel Beirut is a historic 5-star luxury hotel situated in the Minet El Hosn neighborhood of Beirut, Lebanon.	Phoenicia Hotel Beirut	Lebanon
country	China Radio International (CRI) (Chinese: 中国国际广播电台; pinyin: Zhōngguó Guójì Guǎngbō Diàntái) is the People's Republic of China (PRC) state-owned international radio broadcaster, currently headquartered in Babaoshan, a subdistrict of Beijing.	China Radio International	People's Republic of China
country	Kolkondas is a community in the Libofshë municipal unit, Fier County in southern Albania.	Kolkondas	Albania
country	The Centre Marcel Dionne is a 4,000 capacity (3,038 seated) multi-purpose arena in Drummondville, Quebec, Canada.	Centre Marcel Dionne	Canada
country	Church Action on Poverty is a UK-based national ecumenical Christian social justice charity, committed to tackling poverty in the United Kingdom.	Church Action on Poverty	United Kingdom
country	The Rio Tuba mine is a large mine in the west of the Philippines in Palawan.	Rio Tuba mine	Philippines
country	Shahik (Persian: شاهيك‎, also Romanized as Shāhīk) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahik	Iran
country	Islamovac (Serbian: Исламовац) is a village in the municipality of Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Islamovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Skhira (Arabic: الصخيرة‎) is a coastal town in central-eastern Tunisia.	Skhira	Tunisia
country	Kuhpayeh Sara (Persian: كوهپايه سرا‎, also Romanized as Kūhpāyeh Sarā; also known as Kūb Sarā) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuhpayeh Sara	Iran
country	The Edith Dircksey Cowan Memorial, formerly known as the Edith Cowan Memorial Clock, is a clock tower in Kings Park, Perth, Western Australia.	Edith Dircksey Cowan Memorial	Australia
country	Olenówka (ɔlɛˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Olenówka	Poland
country	Koolimadu is a village in Chathamangalam Gram panchayat in the Kozhikode district, state of Kerala, India.	Koolimadu	India
country	Zankhvav / Zankvav /Zankhavav is a small town cum railway station located in Surat District of Gujarat, India.	Zankhvav	India
country	Kotor (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Котор, pronounced (kɔ̌tɔr)) is a coastal town in Montenegro.	Kotor	Montenegro
country	Salavatlı (former Kurucular) is a town in Sultanhisar district of Aydın Province, Turkey.	Salavatlı	Turkey
country	Włodowice Palace is a ruined palace situated in Włodowice, Poland.	Włodowice Palace	Poland
country	Dangyang (simplified Chinese: 当阳; traditional Chinese: 當陽; pinyin: Dāngyáng) is a city in western Hubei province, People's Republic of China, lying 70 kilometres (43 mi) east of the Gezhouba Dam on the Yangtze River.	Dangyang	People's Republic of China
country	Surkan (Persian: سوركان‎, also Romanized as Sūrkān) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Surkan	Iran
country	When talking about construction of railways in Norway, Dovre Line is the 158,1 km long Dombås - Støren section.	Dovre Line	Norway
country	Igreja dos Grilos is a church and convent in Porto, Portugal.	Igreja dos Grilos	Portugal
country	Valik (Persian: وليك‎, also Romanized as Valīk) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valik	Iran
country	Kalyan is a part of the Thane District of Maharashtra state in Western India.It is also known for being the Mumbai region's exit station to North India and South India.	Kalyan	India
country	The Reef Islands are a loose collection of 16 islands in the northwestern part of the Solomon Islands province of Temotu.	Reef Islands	Solomon Islands
country	The Vieilles Charrues Festival (French: Festival des Vieilles Charrues; Breton: Gouel an Erer Kozh; literally: Old Ploughs Festival) is held every year in mid-July in the city of Carhaix located in the west of Brittany, France.	Vieilles Charrues Festival	France
country	The Chamb (German: Chamb; Czech: Kouba) is a river in the Czech Republic and in Germany.	Chamb	Czech Republic	Germany
country	Emirzeli (İmirzeli) is a group of ruins in Mersin Province, Turkey	Emirzeli	Turkey
country	Håvik is a small village in Selje Municipality, in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Håvik	Norway
country	Île aux Cerfs (in English: Deer Island) is a privately owned island near the east coast of Mauritius in the Flacq District.	Île aux Cerfs	Mauritius
country	Gamlingay Cinques Common, sometimes just called Gamlingay Cinques, is a registered village green (39) and a small acid grassland nature reserve and County Wildlife Site located just north-west of the village of Gamlingay, Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom.	Gamlingay Cinques Common	United Kingdom
country	Robecq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France found at the junction of the D937, the D69 and the D94 roads	Robecq	France
country	Carovigno is a town and comune in the province of Brindisi and region of Apulia, in southern Italy.	Carovigno	Italy
country	Kampung Hulu Mosque (Malay: Masjid Kampung Hulu) is a mosque in Malacca, Malaysia.	Kampung Hulu Mosque	Malaysia
country	The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw (Polish: Akademia Teatralna im. Aleksandra Zelwerowicza) is a public higher education institution in Warsaw, Poland.	The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw	Poland
country	Mazı Underground City is an ancient underground settlement in Cappadocia in central Turkey.	Mazı Underground City	Turkey
country	Ceppaloni is named in Italy as the place of birth of Italian politician Clemente Mastella	Ceppaloni	Italy
country	Carcès (Carces in Occitan) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Carcès	France
country	Tswanaland was a bantustan in South West Africa (present-day Namibia), in the far central eastern area of the territory around the village of Aminuis.	Tswanaland	South West Africa	Namibia
country	Ironcollo is a small town in the department of Cochabamba, Bolivia.	Ironcollo	Bolivia
country	Basrik (Persian: بصريك‎, also Romanized as Başrīk; also known as Bīsrak) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Basrik	Iran
country	Mitami Shrine Mitami-jinja 美多彌神社 (also 美多弥神社) is a Shinto shrine in Sakai, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.	Mitami Shrine	Japan
country	Bojanov is a Market town in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Bojanov	Czech Republic
country	The Shire of Cue is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia, about 420 kilometres (261 mi) east-northeast of the port city of Geraldton and about 650 kilometres (404 mi) north-northeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Cue	Australia
country	The Real Politics Union (Polish: Unia Polityki Realnej, UPR) is a free market-emphasizing conservative political party in Poland.	Real Politics Union	Poland
country	Letnin (ˈlɛtnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Letnin	Poland
country	A man-made reservoir in Al-Anbar, Iraq, Lake Qadisiyah (Arabic: بحيرة القادسية‎) sits on the north side of the Haditha Dam.	Lake Qadisiyah	Iraq
country	Kibergino - is a village in Russia, Ivanovo Oblast, Teykovsky District, Nerlian urban settlement.	Kibergino	Russia
country	Rochester Independent College (RIC) is a United Kingdom independent school in Rochester, Medway.	Rochester Independent College	United Kingdom
country	As of 2001 India census, Vilamana had a population of 14017 with 6858 males and 7159 females	Vilamana	India
country	Vellanikkara is a suburban area of Thrissur city of Kerala, south India.	Vellanikkara	India
country	Talpa de Allende is a city and municipality in Jalisco, Mexico.	Talpa de Allende	Mexico
country	Nafplio (Modern Greek: Ναύπλιο, Nafplio) is a seaport town in the Peloponnese in Greece that has expanded up the hillsides near the north end of the Argolic Gulf.	Nafplio	Greece
country	Bako Tibe is one of the woredas, or districts, in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Bako Tibe	Ethiopia
country	Zhonghe District (Chinese: 中和區; Hanyu Pinyin: Zhōnghé Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Jhonghé Cyu, Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiong-hô Khu), historically spelled Chung-Ho and Jhonghe, is an inner city district in New Taipei in northern Taiwan (Republic of China).	Zhonghe District	Taiwan
country	Jaunpiebalga is a village in the Jaunpiebalga municipality, Latvia.	Jaunpiebalga	Latvia
country	Rhacotis, Egyptian (𓂋𓏤𓂝𓀨𓏏𓊖) Râ-Kedet, Greek Ῥακῶτις, was the original name of the city of Alexandria on the northern coast of Egypt, before it was renamed by Alexander the Great.	Rhacotis	Egypt
country	The East Coast Elevated Expressway is a proposed elevated expressway in the city of Chennai, India.	East Coast Elevated Expressway	India
country	Red Crow Community College is a college located on the Kainai Nation reserve in southern Alberta, Canada with a campus in Lethbridge.	Red Crow Community College	Canada
country	Haute-Garonne (French pronunciation: ​(ot ɡaʁɔn); Occitan: Nauta Garona; English: Upper Garonne) is a department in the southwest of France named after the Garonne river.	Haute-Garonne	France
country	The Keane Bridge is a notable landmark of Sylhet city, Bangladesh.	Keane Bridge	Bangladesh
country	Remembrance of the Dead (Dutch: Dodenherdenking) is held annually on 4 May in the Netherlands.	Remembrance of the Dead	Netherlands
country	The Museum of Korea Straw and Plants Handicraft is a handicrafts museum in Myeongnyun-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Museum of Korea Straw and Plants Handicraft	South Korea
country	It is located on the Kāl River, a tributary of the Sāvitri River.Mangaon hold a central position for 3 MIDCs, Vile-Bhaagad MIDC (well known for companies like POSCO India, Pioneer Gas), Mahad-Birwadi MIDC (Chemical Industries area)and Roha-Dhaatav MIDC (Also Chemical Industries area) .	Mangaon	India
country	Lake Otún (Laguna del Otún) is a small lake in the Nevados National Park, in the Risaralda department of Colombia.	Lake Otún	Colombia
country	Kajkowo (kai̯ˈkɔvɔ) (German: Buchwalde) (former Polish name: Bukwałd) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kajkowo	Poland
country	Viarsareh (Persian: ويارسره‎, also Romanized as Vīārsareh) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Viarsareh	Iran
country	Detvianska Huta (Mikulášova Huta, 1880 Mikulássowá) is a village and municipality in Detva District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Detvianska Huta	Slovakia
country	Takushoku University (拓殖 大学; Takushoku Daigaku, abbreviated as 拓大 Takudai) is a private university in Japan.	Takushoku University	Japan
country	The Communist Party of Galicia (Galician: Partido Comunista de Galicia, PCG), is the affiliate of the Communist Party of Spain in Galicia.	Communist Party of Galicia	Spain
country	Flanders International Airport or Flanders Airport (IATA: KJK, ICAO: EBKT) is an airport located in Belgium, in the town of Wevelgem and partly also in the Bissegem section of the city of Kortrijk.	Flanders International Airport	Belgium
country	The ``Diana Theatre'' is a small 2,345-seat indoor theater in Guadalajara, Mexico.	Diana Theatre	Mexico
country	The Sammlung Grässlin is an art collection in Germany.	Sammlung Grässlin	Germany
country	Globočice pri Kostanjevici (pronounced (ɡlɔbɔˈtʃiːtsɛ pɾi kɔˈstaːnjɛʋitsa); in older sources also Globočica, German: Globoschitz) is a settlement southeast of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Globočice pri Kostanjevici	Slovenia
country	Notre Dame Island (French: Île Notre-Dame) is an artificial island located in the Saint Lawrence River in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Notre Dame Island	Canada
country	Libourne (Gascon Liborna) is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Libourne	France
country	Nowe Ostrowy PKP (ˈnɔvɛ ɔsˈtrɔvɨ pɛkaˈpɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowe Ostrowy PKP	Poland
country	Qax İngiloy (also, Qaxingiloy, Kakh Ingilo, Kakh-Bash-Ingiloy, and Kakhingiloy) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qax İngiloy	Azerbaijan
country	Igreja de São Gens de Boelhe is a church in Portugal.	Igreja de São Gens de Boelhe	Portugal
country	Kamen Del (Bulgarian: Камен Дел / ``Stone Piece'') is a peak on Vitosha Mountain in Bulgaria.	Kamen Del	Bulgaria
country	Włodków Dolny (ˈvwɔtkuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Włodków Dolny	Poland
country	Damauli, today Byas Municipality, is the headquarters of Tanahun District in the Gandaki Zone of Western Nepal.	Damauli	Nepal
country	Nahr-e Meseyyer (Persian: نهرمسير‎; also known as Massīr, Meseyyer, Mosayyer, and Mosayyer-e Jonūbī) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Meseyyer	Iran
country	Nazarabad County (Persian: شهرستان نظرآباد‎) is a county in Alborz Province in Iran.	Nazarabad County	Iran
country	Rudsar (Persian: رودسر‎, also known as, Rūdsar and Rūd-i-Sar) is a city in and the capital of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rudsar	Iran
country	The present-day Government House, Auckland, New Zealand is in the suburb of Mount Eden on Mountain Road.	Government House, Auckland	New Zealand
country	Hazyview is a small farming town in Mpumalanga, South Africa and is renowned for its banana industry.	Hazyview	South Africa
country	Luelmo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain; and in the territorial area of Sayago.	Luelmo	Spain
country	The Central Park Towers is a complex of two towers in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Central Park Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	St Keverne (Cornish: Lannaghevran) is a civil parish and village on the Lizard Peninsula in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Keverne	United Kingdom
country	The Rubicon Estuary is an estuary on the central coast of northern Tasmania, south-eastern Australia, lying next to the town of Port Sorell.	Rubicon Estuary	Australia
country	Bharat Pokhari is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.	Bharat Pokhari	Nepal
country	Sar Howz-e Bala (Persian: سرحوض بالا‎, also Romanized as Sar Ḩowẕ-e Bālā) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Howz-e Bala	Iran
country	The Portage Diversion (49°56′48``N 98°20′06''W) (also known as the Assiniboine River Floodway) is a water control structure on the Assiniboine River near Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada.	Portage Diversion	Canada
country	Grande Prairie Transit (colloquially referred to as GP Transit) is the public transportation system in the city of Grande Prairie in northwestern Alberta, Canada.	Grande Prairie Transit	Canada
country	The Bavarian Ludwig Railway (Bayerische Ludwigseisenbahn or Ludwigsbahn) was the first steam-hauled railway opened in Germany.	Bavarian Ludwig Railway	Germany
country	Bosanski Petrovac (Cyrillic: Босански Петровац) is a town in western Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bosanski Petrovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Casemate d'Oberroedern Sud, also known as Casemate Reiffel and Oberroedern Est, is a pre-World War II fortified position near the Rhine river in eastern France.	Casemate d'Oberroedern Sud	France
country	Tomasgårdens IF was a floorball club at the Thomas Church in Västerås in Sweden, established as a club in 1982 following the 1978 establishment of a floorball team and disestablished in 1999 following the merger with Västerås IBF.	Tomasgårdens IF	Sweden
country	Užupis (Belarusian: Зарэчча, Polish: Zarzecze, Russian: Заречье) is a neighborhood in Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, largely located in Vilnius' old town, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	Užupis	Lithuania
country	JetLink Express was a Kenyan regional airline with its head office in the Freight Complex in Embakasi, Nairobi.	JetLink Express	Nairobi
country	Vågå Church ((Norwegian: Vågå kyrkje) is a historic stave church located in Vågå in Oppland county, Norway.	Vågå Church	Norway
country	Świdrów (ˈɕfidruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Świdrów	Poland
country	Vĩnh Tràng Temple is a Buddhist temple near Mỹ Tho in the Mekong Delta region of southern Vietnam.	Vĩnh Tràng Temple	Vietnam
country	The Ilsan Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the cities of Gimpo and Goyang in the Gyeonggi Province.	Ilsan Bridge	South Korea
country	Virlog (pronounced (ˈʋiɾːlɔk); in older sources also Virloh, German: Werloch) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Virlog	Slovenia
country	The La Ceiba Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, which protects tropical forest on the Nicoya Peninsula near the small village of San Rafael de Paquera in the Puntarenas Province.	La Ceiba Wildlife Refuge	Costa Rica
country	Ingelsvatnet or Ingjelsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ingjelsvatnet	Norway
country	The Treasuries at Olympia were a series of small temple-shaped buildings located to the north side of the Altis or sanctuary at the site of Olympia in Greece.	Treasuries at Olympia	Greece
country	Mårup Church (Danish: Mårup Kirke) was a Romanesque church located in Vendsyssel in Denmark's northern Jutland.	Mårup Church	Denmark
country	The Rivière Soliette (in Haiti) or Arroyo Blanco (in the Dominican Republic) is a river in the southwest of the Dominican Republic.	Rivière Soliette	Haiti	Dominican Republic
country	Happyland Park was an amusement park in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Happyland Park	Canada
country	The Baetic System (Spanish: Sistema Bético) is one of the main systems of mountain ranges in Spain.	Baetic System	Spain
country	The Civic Aquarium of Milan (Acquario Civico di Milano in Italian) is an aquarium in Milan, Italy, and the third oldest aquarium in Europe.	Civic Aquarium of Milan	Italy
country	Malestan or Malistan is a town and the district center of Malistan district, Ghazni Province, Afghanistan.	Malestan	Afghanistan
country	Banganapalle or Banagana Palli is a town in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Banganapalle	India
country	Gyro International is a non-profit social, service, and fraternal club for men located in the United States and Canada.	Gyro International	Canada
country	The Family First Party is an economically and socially conservative political party in Australia.	Family First Party	Australia
country	Kosova Hora, until 1921 Kosová Hora, (German: Amschelberg) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Kosova Hora	Czech Republic
country	Mazzer is a village in the commune of Igli, Algeria, in Béchar Province, Algeria.	Mazzer	Algeria
country	Jimbolia (Romanian pronunciation: (ʒimˈboli.a)) is a town in Timiș county, Romania.	Jimbolia	Romania
country	Mundair Kalan, commonly known as Mundair Sharif Syedan (Urdu: منڈیر شریف سیّداں) is a village situated near Sahowala, between Ugoki and Sambrial in the Sialkot District of the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Mundair Kalan	Pakistan
country	The Shire of Lake Grace is a local government area in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 350 kilometres (217 mi) ESE of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Lake Grace	Australia
country	Getafe Air Base (ICAO: LEGT) is a military airbase located in Getafe, 14 km south of Madrid, Spain.	Getafe Air Base	Spain
country	The Alcázar de Colón, or Columbus Alcazar, located in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, is the oldest Viceregal residence in America, and forms part of the Colonial Zone of Santo Domingo World Heritage Site.	Alcázar de Colón	Dominican Republic
country	Radohova Vas (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɔxɔʋa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Radohova vas, German: Rodockendorf) is a village southeast of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Radohova Vas	Slovenia
country	Rysum is a village located 15 kilometers west of Emden in the region of East Frisia, Germany.	Rysum	Germany
country	The Iya Valley (祖谷渓谷 Iya Keikoku) region in Tokushima Prefecture, Japan is a scenic area known for its dramatic mountain valleys, thatched roof farmhouses and historic vine bridges.	Iya Valley	Japan
country	Pejowali railway station (Urdu: پجووالی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Pejowali village, Narowal district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Pejowali railway station	Pakistan
country	Kario Ghanwer (Urdu: کڑيو گہنور‎ ) ( Sindhi: ڪڙيو ڱهنور‎ ) is a town in Badin District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Kario Ghanwer	Pakistan
country	The Ceibas River (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈseiβas)) is a river of Colombia.	Ceibas River	Colombia
country	The Xiuguluan River (Chinese: 秀姑巒溪; Hanyu Pinyin: Xiùgūluán Xī; Tongyong Pinyin: Siòuguluán Si; Wade--Giles: Hsiu4-ku1-luan2 Hsi1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Siù-ko͘-lôan-khoe) is a river in southeastern Taiwan.	Xiuguluan River	Taiwan
country	Tomsk Polytechnic University (TPU) in Tomsk, Russia, is the oldest technical university in Russia east of the Urals.	Tomsk Polytechnic University	Russia
country	The Padang Jawa Komuter station is a commuter train halt located in Padang Jawa, Selangor, Malaysia.	Padang Jawa Komuter station	Malaysia
country	The Ekeby oak tree (Swedish: Ekebyhovseken) is an oak tree in Ekerö outside Stockholm, Sweden, close to Ekebyhov Castle.	Ekeby oak tree	Sweden
country	J. K. College (Bengali: জগন্নাথকিশোর কলেজ), also known by the full name Jagannath Kishore College, established in 1948, is the oldest college in Purulia district, West Bengal, India.	J. K. College	India
country	Invercargill Brewery, New Zealand's Southern most craft brewery was established by Steve Nally in 1999 at Oteramika Road on the outskirts of Invercargill city.	Invercargill Brewery	New Zealand
country	The Commission on Social Welfare (CSW) was a commission in Ireland that from 1983 to 1986 reviewed social welfare in the country.	Commission on Social Welfare	Ireland
country	Keniera (also Kéniéran, Kéniéra, Kenieran) is a town in eastern Guinea.	Keniera	Guinea
country	Abitar (Persian: ابيتر‎, also Romanized as Ābītar) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abitar	Iran
country	Barèges (Barètge in Gascon) is a French commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in the Midi-Pyrénées region of south-western France.	Barèges	France
country	Belyy Piket (also Ak-Beket, Kyrgyz: Ак-Бекет) is a village in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Belyy Piket	Kyrgyzstan
country	Mala Plaža (Albanian: Plazhi i Vogël or Rana, English: Small Beach), also called City Beach (Albanian: Plazhi i Qytetit, Serbian: Gradska Plaža) is a beach in Ulcinj, Montenegro.	Mala Plaža	Montenegro
country	Shaharut (Hebrew: שַׁחֲרוּת) is a communal settlement 40 kilometers north of Eilat, and 6 kilometers west of Yotvata on a ridge above the Arava Valley in the far south of Israel.	Shaharut	Israel
country	CityLife Church is a multi-site, Pentecostal megachurch located in Melbourne, Australia, with weekly services in the municipalities of Knox, Casey, Manningham and Whittlesea.	CityLife Church	Australia
country	Bujakovići (Serbian: Бујаковићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bujakovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ġnejna Bay (Maltese pronunciation: (dʒˈnɛjna)) is a popular tourist destination located about 1 kilometer from the village of Mġarr on the western coast of Malta.	Ġnejna Bay	Malta
country	Ryjewo (rɨˈjɛvɔ) (German Rehhof) is a village in Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ryjewo	Poland
country	Tyrol Castle, less commonly Tirol Castle (Italian: Castel Tirolo, German: Schloss Tirol) is a castle in the comune (municipality) of Tirol near Merano, in the Burggrafenamt district of South Tyrol, Italy.	Tyrol Castle	Italy
country	Sømandshjemmet Bethel, now known as Hotel Bethel, is a sailor's hostel overlooking the Nyhavn canal in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hotel Bethel	Denmark
country	KLIA Expressway, Federal Route 26, is the main expressway in Klang Valley, Malaysia.	KLIA Expressway	Malaysia
country	Schipluiden is a village in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Schipluiden	Netherlands
country	Helga Lekamens Gränd (Swedish: ``Alley of the Holy Body'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Helga Lekamens Gränd	Sweden
country	Saint-Victurnien (Occitan: Sent Vertunian) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Victurnien	France
country	Ambalamugal is a small township adjacent to the city of Kochi in Kerala, India.	Ambalamugal	India
country	Mulkkusaaret (literally translates to Dick Islands or Penis Islands) is a group of three small islands and one rock in lake Oulujärvi in the Paltamo municipality in Finland.	Mulkkusaaret	Finland
country	Habuba Kabira (Tell Qanas) is the site of an Uruk settlement along the Euphrates in Syria, founded during the later part of the Uruk period.	Habuba Kabira	Syria
country	Besat Institute of Higher Education of Kerman is one of centers of higher education in Kerman, this university operates under the supervision of Ministry of Science, Research and Technology of Iran.	Besat Institute of Higher Education of Kerman	Iran
country	The Kholpetua River (Kholpatua River) is located in southwestern Bangladesh.	Kholpetua River	Bangladesh
country	Witley Common is an area of woodland and heath, close to Witley, Surrey, in the United Kingdom.	Witley Common	United Kingdom
country	Niezdrowice (ɲɛzdrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Niezdrowice	Poland
country	The Orahovica Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery in Orahovica, Croatia.	Orahovica Monastery	Croatia
country	Søndre Folgefonna (English: Southern Folgefonna) is the third largest glacier in mainland Norway, and is the largest of the three glaciers constituting Folgefonna.	Søndre Folgefonna	Norway
country	The next day, the remaining seven men pillaged Fort Crevecoeur of all provisions and ammunition, destroyed the fort and most of them fled back to Canada.	Fort Crevecoeur	Canada
country	Jakimowice (jakimɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jakimowice	Poland
country	Deokdu Station (Hangul: 덕두역; hanja: 德斗驛) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Daejeo-dong, Gangseo District, Busan, South Korea.	Deokdu Station	South Korea
country	Padena-ye Olya Rural District (Persian: دهستان پادناعليا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Padena-ye Olya Rural District	Iran
country	The National Theatre of Pécs is the main theatre of Pécs, Hungary.	National Theatre of Pécs	Hungary
country	Taq Tavi (Persian: طاق تاوي‎, also Romanized as Ţāq Tāvī and Ţāqţāvī) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Taq Tavi	Iran
country	The Bucaramanga Nest is a seismic region located in Colombia.	Bucaramanga Nest	Colombia
country	Primary Health Centre (At Pizhala North Ward) Kadmakudy Grama Panchayath Office (KadamakkudyPanchayath) Kadmakudy Village Office (Kadamakudy Union Bank of India Branch Pizhala Post Office Pin 682 027	Pizhala	India
country	The Urban Community of Lyon (French: Communauté urbaine de Lyon), also known as Grand Lyon (i.e. ``Greater Lyon'') or by its former acronym COURLY, is the former intercommunal structure gathering the city of Lyon (France) and some of its suburbs.	Urban Community of Lyon	France
country	Krinčinas is a small town in Panevėžys County, in northeastern Lithuania.	Krinčinas	Lithuania
country	Azuaga (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈθwaɣa)) is a town located in the province of Badajoz in southern Extremadura, bordering the Andalusian provinces of Seville and Córdoba in Spain.	Azuaga	Spain
country	Wiórek (ˈvjurɛk) (German: Spanndorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wiórek	Poland
country	Razgrad (Bulgarian: Разград (razˈɡrat)) is a city in northeastern Bulgaria, administrative and industrial centre of the homonymous Razgrad Province.	Razgrad	Bulgaria
country	Janče (pronounced (ˈjaːntʃɛ); in older sources and locally also Jančje, German: Jantschberg) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of the Sava River east of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Janče	Slovenia
country	The Keles River is a river of Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan (short length).	Keles River	Kazakhstan
country	Harqin Banner (Mongolian: ᠬᠠᠷᠠᠴᠢᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Qaračin qosiɣu; Chinese: 喀喇沁旗; pinyin: Kèlǎqìn Qí) is a banner of southeastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Harqin Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Cap d'Agde (French pronunciation: ​(kap daɡd)) is the seaside resort of the town of Agde, France, on the Mediterranean sea in the département of Hérault, within the région of Languedoc-Roussillon.	Cap d'Agde	France
country	Gavrilov-Yam (Russian: Гаври́лов-Ям) is a town and the administrative center of Gavrilov-Yamsky District in Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, located on the Kotorosl River.	Gavrilov-Yam	Russia
country	The 2010 eruptions of Eyjafjallajökull were volcanic events at Eyjafjallajökull in Iceland which, although relatively small for volcanic eruptions, caused enormous disruption to air travel across western and northern Europe over an initial period of six days in April 2010.	2010 eruptions of Eyjafjallajökull	Iceland
country	Mũi Cà Mau National Park (Vietnamese: Vườn quốc gia Mũi Cà Mau) or National Park of Cape Cà Mau is a national park in southern Vietnam.	Mũi Cà Mau National Park	Vietnam
country	Parque Warner Madrid (previously known as Warner Bros. Movie World Madrid and Warner Bros. Park) is a theme park located 25 km southeast of Madrid, Spain, in the municipality of San Martín de la Vega.	Parque Warner Madrid	Spain
country	Vespuoli is a district in Jyväskylä, Finland.	Vespuoli	Finland
country	Dukem (var. Ducam, Dukham; Ge'ez ዱከም) is a town in central Ethiopia.	Dukem	Ethiopia
country	Gevrey-Chambertin is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department of France in the Burgundy region in eastern France.	Gevrey-Chambertin	France
country	Hashkova (Persian: حشكوا‎, also Romanized as Ḩashkovā and Hashkava; also known as Ḩashgevā and Khashkava) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hashkova	Iran
country	The Battle of Lewes Road was a confrontation which took place in Brighton during the 1926 United Kingdom general strike.	Battle of Lewes Road	United Kingdom
country	Ein Tamar (Hebrew: עֵין תָּמָר, lit. Date Spring) is a moshav in the northern Arabah valley in Israel.	Ein Tamar	Israel
country	Airblue Limited (styled as airblue) is a private Pakistani airline with its head office on the 12th floor of the Islamabad Stock Exchange (ISE) Towers in Islamabad, Pakistan.	Airblue	Pakistan
country	Deštné v Orlických horách (German: Deschnei im Adlergebirge) is a village in the Rychnov nad Kněžnou District, Czech Republic.	Deštné v Orlických horách	Czech Republic
country	Dravlje (pronounced (ˈdɾaːu̯ljɛ); German: Draule) is a former village in the City Municipality of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Dravlje	Slovenia
country	The Dizin ski complex is the first ski and winter sport resort in Iran which has been officially recognized and granted the title by the International Ski Federation for its capability in administrating official and international competitions.	Dizin	Iran
country	Ərəbsarvan is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərəbsarvan	Azerbaijan
country	Lake Bardača is a lake and marshes complex in the municipality of Srbac, northern Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bardača	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Laniado Hospital, also known as the Sanz Medical Center, is a voluntary, not-for-profit hospital in Kiryat Sanz, Netanya, Israel, serving a regional population of over 450,000 in Netanya and the Sharon plain.	Laniado Hospital	Israel
country	Muhammad Yar Chishti (Urdu: محمد يار چشتي) is a village in Tehsil Depalpur, District Okara, Pakistan.	Muhammad Yar Chishti	Pakistan
country	Canjuers is a calcareous plateau and a military camp in Provence in southeastern France.	Canjuers	France
country	The Copper Coast Highway (route ) is a highway in South Australia which branches off from the Augusta Highway 2km north of Port Wakefield and heads northwest across the top of Yorke Peninsula to Kadina and ends at the Spencer Gulf town of Wallaroo.	Copper Coast Highway	Australia
country	The Gag Island mine is a large mine in the east of Indonesia in Sulawesi.	Gag Island mine	Indonesia
country	Kryštofovy Hamry (German: Christophhammer) is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Kryštofovy Hamry	Czech Republic
country	When in 1954 professional football was introduced in the Netherlands and the regional system disappeared, Enschedese Boys had to start in the Tweede Divisie (3rd tier), while local rivals Sportclub and vv Rigtersbleek could start respectively in the Eredivisie (highest) and Eerste Divisie (2nd tier).	Enschedese Boys	Netherlands
country	Abu Hajirat Khuatana (Arabic: أبو حجيرة خواتنة‎) or Abu Hujayrat Khawatinah is a village near al-Hawl in eastern al-Hasakah Governorate, northeastern Syria.	Abu Hajirat Khuatana	Syria
country	Kolonia Kębłów (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈkɛmbwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Kębłów	Poland
country	Pweto Territory is a territory in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Pweto Territory	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Musée des beaux-arts de Troyes (officially known as the musée Saint-Loup) is one of the two main art and archaeology museums in Troyes, France - the other is the Musée d'art moderne de Troyes.	Musée des beaux-arts de Troyes	France
country	Bucoli is a suco (municipality) in Baucau Subdistrict, Baucau District, East Timor and also a settlement in the Bucoli Suco.	Bucoli	East Timor
country	Małaszewicze (mawaʂɛˈvʲit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Małaszewicze	Poland
country	Karaputugala is a village in Matara District, Sri Lanka, 22 kilometers away from Matara.	Karaputugala	Sri Lanka
country	Thana Proper is an administrative unit, Union council, of Malakand District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Thana Proper	Pakistan
country	Beliatta is a town located in Hambantota District, southern province Sri Lanka near but inland from the coast about 7 km away.	Beliatta	Sri Lanka
country	Asht (also, Shaydan or Shaidan) (Tajik: Ашт; Persian: اشت‎) is a town and jamoat in north-west Tajikistan.	Asht	Tajikistan
country	La Grande Arche de la Défense (pronounced: (la ɡʁɑ̃d aʁʃ də la defɑ̃s); also La Grande Arche de la Fraternité) is a monument and building in the business district of La Défense and in the commune of Puteaux, to the west of Paris, France.	Grande Arche	France
country	Plaza del Cristo de La Laguna is a square in the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna (on the island of Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain).	Plaza del Cristo de La Laguna	Spain
country	Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir is the world's tallest temple under-construction at Vrindavan, Mathura, India.	Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir	India
country	Hosseinabad-e Poodchah (Persian: حسین‌آباد پود چاه ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hosseinabad-e Poodchah	Iran
country	Qazi-ye Pain (Persian: قاضي پايين‎, also Romanized as Qāẕī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Qāẕī-ye Soflá) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District, Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Qazi-ye Pain	Iran
country	Sri Radha Shyamasundar Mandir is a Hindu temple located in central Seoul, South Korea.	Sri Radha Shyamasundar Mandir	South Korea
country	Sézanne is a commune in the Marne department and Champagne-Ardenne region in north-eastern France.	Sézanne	France
country	Gjeslingene Lighthouse (Norwegian: Gjeslingene fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.	Gjeslingene Lighthouse	Norway
country	Keshavpura is a town in the Kota district of Rajasthan in India.	Keshavpura	India
country	Bag-o Abo (historically Bagabu Islet) is a small, wooded island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Bag-o Abo	Philippines
country	Amajlije (Serbian Cyrillic: Амајлије) is a place located east of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Amajlije	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sara River, a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment, is located in the New England and Northern Tablelands districts of New South Wales, Australia.	Sara River	Australia
country	Lygia (Greek: Λυγιά) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Vartholomio, Elis, Greece.	Lygia	Greece
country	Biratnagar Airport (IATA: BIR, ICAO: VNVT) is an airport serving Biratnagar, a city of the Morang district in the Koshi zone in Nepal.	Biratnagar Airport	Nepal
country	Björkö or Bohus-Björkö is a locality situated in Öckerö Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 1,427 inhabitants in 2010.	Bohus-Björkö	Sweden
country	Awem Games is a casual games developer based in Mogilev, Belarus.	Awem	Belarus
country	Międzylas (mjɛnˈd͡zɨlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Międzylas	Poland
country	Anvah-ye Kalan was a village in Bamyan Province in northern-central Afghanistan, it was destroyed by fighting between the Taliban and NATO troops and is now uninhabited.	Anvah-ye Kalan	Afghanistan
country	Camberwell Grammar School is an independent, Anglican, day school for boys, located in Canterbury, an eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Camberwell Grammar School	Australia
country	The Pattullo Bridge is a through arch bridge located in the Metro Vancouver region of British Columbia, Canada.	Pattullo Bridge	Canada
country	Dolní Kounice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdolɲiː ˈkou̯ɲɪtsɛ); German: Kanitz) is a small town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Dolní Kounice	Czech Republic
country	Maddington, Quebec is a township municipality located in the Centre-du-Québec region of Quebec, Canada.	Maddington, Quebec	Canada
country	El Negaila (Arabic: النجيلة‎) is a city in Matrouh Governorate, Egypt.	El Negaila	Egypt
country	Chah-e Golshani (Persian: چاه گلشني‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Golshanī) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Golshani	Iran
country	Pod Bubnowem (ˈpɔt bubˈnɔvɛm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pod Bubnowem	Poland
country	The Singaita River (also Khawr Thingaita, Khor Thingaita, Rigl Thimgaita, Singeitta) is a river in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan that flows through the town of Kapoeta.	Singaita River	South Sudan
country	Leksandrowa (lɛksanˈdrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Wiśnicz, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Leksandrowa	Poland
country	Claresholm is a town located within southern Alberta, Canada.	Claresholm	Canada
country	Kouétinfla (also known as Manoufra) is a town in south-central Ivory Coast.	Kouétinfla	Ivory Coast
country	The Ohinemuri River is located in the northern half of New Zealand's North Island, at the base of the Coromandel Peninsula.	Ohinemuri River	New Zealand
country	Emam Kahriz (Persian: امام كهريز‎, also Romanized as Emām Kahrīz) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Emam Kahriz	Iran
country	Bronzani Majdan (Serbian Cyrillic: Бронзани Мајдан) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bronzani Majdan	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ierakas (Greek: Γέρακας) is a small village built along a natural fjord on the south east coast of Laconia, Greece.	Ierakas	Greece
country	The Colline Metallifere (Italian: (kolˈliːne metalˈliːfere), ``Metal-bearing Hills'') are a mountain-hill group in the Tuscan Antiapennine, in central Italy.	Colline Metallifere	Italy
country	Vaskijärvi Strict Nature Reserve (Vaskijärven luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in the Southwest Finland region of Finland.	Vaskijärvi Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	Zarinja (Armenian: Զարինջա; also Romanized as Zarindzha, Zarndzha, and Zarnja) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Zarinja	Armenia
country	The County of Belmore is a county in Queensland, Australia, located west of the Darling Downs in the Shire of Balonne.	County of Belmore	Australia
country	La Camocha is a mining neighbourhood located in the rural district parish of Vega (Gijón / Xixón) in the Principality of Asturias, Spain.	La Camocha	Spain
country	Canchungo is a town located in the western Cacheu Region of Guinea-Bissau formerly known as Vila Teixeira Pinto after Major Teixeira Pinto, the colonial officer that pacified the area.	Canchungo	Guinea-Bissau
country	Gurudwara Naulakha Sahib is situated in the village of Naulakha, Fatehgarh Sahib district in Punjab, India.	Gurudwara Naulakha Sahib	India
country	Allama Iqbal Medical College (Urdu:علامہ اقبال میڈیکل کالج لاہور), established in 1975, is a public school of medicine, nursing and allied health sciences located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Allama Iqbal Medical College	Pakistan
country	The Philippine National Railways (Filipino: Pambansang Daambakal ng Pilipinas), or PNR, is a state-owned railway company in the Philippines, operating a single line of track on Luzon.	Philippine National Railways	Philippines
country	Aspendos or Aspendus (Greek: Ἄσπενδος) was an ancient Greco-Roman city in Antalya province of Turkey.	Aspendos	Turkey
country	Guspini, Gùspini in sardinian language, is a town and comune of about 13,000 inhabitants in west Sardinia (Italy), in the province of Medio Campidano.	Guspini	Italy
country	Nydalen Upper Secondary School (Norwegian: Nydalen videregående skole) is an under construction upper secondary school that will be located at Nydalen in the borough of Nordre Aker in Oslo, Norway.	Nydalen Upper Secondary School	Norway
country	The seaside settlement of Karitane is located within the limits of the city of Dunedin in New Zealand, 35 kilometres to the north of the city centre.	Karitane	New Zealand
country	Fallbach Waterfall is a waterfall in the Maltatal valley of Austria in the Austrian Alps near Malta.	Fallbach Waterfall	Austria
country	Mazraeh-ye Sar Avar (Persian: مزرعه سراور‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Sar Āvar) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 30 families.	Mazraeh-ye Sar Avar	Iran
country	Stadion NŠC Stjepan Spajić is a football stadium located in the in Zagreb, Croatia, in the neighborhood called Siget.	Stadion NŠC Stjepan Spajić	Croatia
country	Aswan International Airport (IATA: ASW, ICAO: HESN), also known as Daraw Airport, is an airport located 16 km southwest of Aswan, Egypt.	Aswan International Airport	Egypt
country	Lindsay Road National School is a primary school in Glasnevin, Dublin, Ireland, opened in 1910.	Lindsay Road National School	Ireland
country	Severomorsk-2 (also Safonovo-1 (USSR), Murmansk Northeast (US)) is a naval air base in Murmansk Oblast, Russia located 7 km southwest of Severomorsk and just 11 km northeast of Murmansk.	Severomorsk-2	Russia
country	The Battle of Helsingborg (February 28, 1710) was Denmark's failed and final attempt to regain the Scanian lands, lost to Sweden in 1658.	Battle of Helsingborg	Sweden
country	Lallange (Luxembourgish: Lalleng, German: Lallingen) is a quarter in northern Esch-sur-Alzette, in south-western Luxembourg, Europe.	Lallange	Luxembourg
country	Dürnstein is a small town on the Danube river in the Krems-Land district, in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Dürnstein	Austria
country	Aljazeera University in Deir Ezzor (JUDE) (Arabic: جامعة الجزيرة الخاصة‎), is a private university located in Deir Ezzor, Syria.	Aljazeera University	Syria
country	The Anel Viário José Magalhães Teixeira (official designation SP-083) is the Campinas Beltway (in Portuguese: Anel Viário de Campinas), a ring of high-speed highways surrounding the city of Campinas, in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Anel Viário José Magalhães Teixeira	Brazil
country	Sogn is a traditional district in Western Norway (Vestlandet).	Sogn	Norway
country	Sheopur is a city in Madhya Pradesh state of central India.	Sheopur	India
country	Bäckaby Old Church (Swedish: Bäckaby gamla kyrka) was a woooden church building in Sweden.	Bäckaby Old Church	Sweden
country	Lebedovo (also Dolinniye) was an air base in Russia located 18 km southeast of Privolzsky.	Lebedovo	Russia
country	The Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic (Uzbek SSR; Uzbek: Ўзбекистон Совет Социалистик Республикаси, Oʻzbekiston Sovet Sotsialistik Respublikasi'; Russian: Узбекская Советская Социалистическая Республика, Uzbekskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika) was one of the republics of the Soviet Union.	Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Picardy (/ˈpɪkədɪ/; French: Picardie, French pronunciation: ​(pi.kaʁ.di)) is a historical territory and a former administrative region of France.	Picardy	France
country	Ancaster Senior Public School(commonly known as ASPS) is a middle school in Ancaster, Ontario, Canada, and is part of the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board.	Ancaster Senior Public School	Canada
country	The Cerro Negro mine was designed and built by M3 engineering is now one of the largest gold mines in Argentina and in the world.	Cerro Negro mine	Argentina
country	Gothenburg Concert Hall is a concert hall located in Gothenburg, Sweden, which was built in 1935.	Gothenburg Concert Hall	Sweden
country	Kanton Island (also known as Canton Island or Abariringa Island), alternatively known as ``Mary Island'', ``Mary Balcout's Island'' or ``Swallow Island'', is the largest, northernmost, and as of 2007, the sole inhabited island of the Phoenix Islands, in the Republic of Kiribati.	Kanton Island	Kiribati
country	Carey Baptist College is a Bible and theological college for training in mission, ministry, and formation based in Auckland, New Zealand.	Carey Baptist College	New Zealand
country	Sibrandabuorren (Dutch: Sijbrandaburen) is a village in Boarnsterhim in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Sibrandabuorren	Netherlands
country	The Commons Restaurant is a former restaurant that was located in the historic Newman House on St. Stephen's Green in Dublin, Ireland.	The Commons Restaurant	Ireland
country	The 1927 Jericho earthquake was a devastating event that shook Mandatory Palestine and Transjordan on July 11 at 15:08 local time.	1927 Jericho earthquake	Palestine
country	Mahendravadi is a village in Arakonam taluk, Tamil Nadu, in far southern India.	Mahendravadi	India
country	Suutarila (Swedish: Skomakarböle) is a subdistrict located next to Keravanjoki in a northeastern major district of Helsinki, Finland, near the border to Vantaa It has an area of 4.13 km2 and a population of 11,413.	Suutarila	Finland
country	Mali Zvornik (Serbian Cyrillic: Мали Зворник, pronounced (mâːliː zʋɔ̌rniːk)) is a town and municipality located in the Mačva District of Serbia.	Mali Zvornik	Serbia
country	Mount Thomlinson is a mountain in the Babine Range of the Skeena Mountains in northern British Columbia, Canada, located at the head of Thomlinson Creek, southeast of the junction of Babine River and Skeena River and north of Hazelton.	Mount Thomlinson	Canada
country	Woja Airport (IATA: WJA) is a public use airstrip at Woja on Ailinglaplap Atoll, Marshall Islands.	Woja Airport	Marshall Islands
country	The 2009 Tour Down Under was the 11th edition of the Tour Down Under cycling stage race, taking place over 20 --25 January around Adelaide, Australia.	2009 Tour Down Under	Australia
country	Kalur Karim (Persian: كلوركريم‎, also Romanized as Kalūr Karīm) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kalur Karim	Iran
country	The Oberau Tunnel (Oberauer Tunnel) was the second railway tunnel in Germany after a railway tunnel on the Tollwitz-Dürrenberg Railway (Tollwitz-Dürrenberger Eisenbahn, a 585 mm gauge mining railway), but it was the first tunnel of a normal railway on the continent of Europe.	Oberau Tunnel	Germany
country	The Ukrainian Air Force (Ukrainian: Повітряні Сили України, Povitryani Syly Ukrayiny) is a part of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.	Ukrainian Air Force	Ukraine
country	Kisizi or Kisiizi is a community centred on Kisiizi Hospital in the Rukungiri District of south-west Uganda.	Kisizi	Uganda
country	Les Landes is an area of coastal heathland in the north west of Jersey.	Les Landes	Jersey
country	Bad Deutsch-Altenburg (Hungarian: Németóvár) is a market town and spa in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in Lower Austria in Austria.	Bad Deutsch-Altenburg	Austria
country	The Los Cardones National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Los Cardones) is a national park of Argentina, located in the center-west of the province of Salta, within the San Carlos and Cachi Departments, in the Argentine Northwest.	Los Cardones National Park	Argentina
country	The Arboretum de Septmonts, also known as the Parc du Donjon de Septmonts, is a park and arboretum located at the Place de la Mairie, Septmonts, Aisne, Picardy, France.	Arboretum de Septmonts	France
country	A6 center is a shopping mall in Jönköping, Sweden.	A6 center	Sweden
country	Kralovice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkralovɪtsɛ); German: Kralowitz) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic.	Kralovice	Czech Republic
country	Mikhran (Persian: ميخران‎, also Romanized as Mīkhrān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mikhran	Iran
country	The Andon Zako Çajupi Theatre is the city theatre of the city of Korçë in southern Albania.	Andon Zako Çajupi Theatre	Albania
country	Janewali is a small village near the historically significant town of Chawinda in the Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Janewali	Pakistan
country	Palagianello is a small town in the province of Taranto in the Apulia region of southeastern Italy.	Palagianello	Italy
country	The Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club is a private tennis club located in the Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club	Argentina
country	Metap, also mit'ap and Meetup and Mit'apdzi and big mit'ap ) is a former Kwakwaka'wakw village at the head of Viner Sound on the northwest coast of Gilford Island in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Metap	Canada
country	Vișeu de Sus (Romanian pronunciation: (viˌʃe.u de ˈsus); German: Oberwischau; Hungarian: Felsővisó) is a town in Maramureş County, northern Romania, located at the confluence of the Vişeu and the Vaser.	Vișeu de Sus	Romania
country	The Teatro del Giglio (Theater of the Giglio) is the historic city theater and opera house located in Piazza del Giglio #13 and #15 in the center of Lucca, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Teatro del Giglio	Italy
country	Dubona (Serbian: Дубона) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.	Dubona	Serbia
country	Przedwojewo (pʂɛdvɔˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przedwojewo	Poland
country	InterVol is an international volunteering charity based in the United Kingdom.	InterVol	United Kingdom
country	Porto Urucu Airport (ICAO: SBUY) is the airport serving the district of Porto Urucu in Coari, Brazil.	Porto Urucu Airport	Brazil
country	Matilla la Seca is a small municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Matilla la Seca	Spain
country	The Dolman Theatre is located in the city of Newport, Wales, United Kingdom.	Dolman Theatre	United Kingdom
country	Walla Zaman Ya Selahy (Arabic: والله زمان يا سلاحي‎) was the national anthem of the United Arab Republic (UAR), a federation of Egypt and Syria, from 1960.	Walla Zaman Ya Selahy	United Arab Republic
country	Kian Baraftab (Persian: کيان برآفتاب‎‎, also Romanized as Kīān Barāftāb; also known as Kīān-e Soflá) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kian Baraftab	Iran
country	The Zsámbék Premontre monastery church is a ruin of a Romanesque church in the town of Zsámbék, Pest County, Hungary.	Zsámbék Premontre monastery church	Hungary
country	Vratno (pronounced (ˈwɾaːtnɔ); German: Thörl) is a settlement in the Žumberak/Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Vratno	Slovenia
country	Kheybar Rural District (Persian: دهستان خيبر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Choghamish District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kheybar Rural District	Iran
country	Firda Upper Secondary School (Norwegian: Firda vidaregåande skule) is a school located in the town of Sandane in the municipality of Gloppen in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Firda Upper Secondary School	Norway
country	Paddi Khalsa is a village in the tehsil of Phillaur, sub-tehsil of Goraya, Jalandhar district, in Punjab, India.	Paddi Khalsa	India
country	The Itz Valley Railway (German: Itzgrundbahn) was a former, 8 kilometre long branch line in Bavaria, Germany, running from Creidlitz, in the borough of Coburg, to Rossach in the municipality of Großheirath).	Itz Valley Railway	Germany
country	Moreira de Cónegos is a Portuguese parish and town in the municipality of Guimarães which is in the Braga District in northern Portugal.	Moreira de Cónegos	Portugal
country	The Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC; Hindi: विक्रम साराभाई अंतरिक्ष केंद्र; Malayalam: വിക്രം സാരാഭായ് ബഹിരാകാശകേന്ദ്രം) is a major space research centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), focusing on rocket and space vehicles for India's satellite programme.	Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre	India
country	Ciel Bleu is a restaurant located in the Okura Hotel in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Ciel Bleu	Netherlands
country	Tarikeh-ye Rangrazan (Persian: تاريكه رنگرزان‎, also Romanized as Tārīkeh-ye Rangrazān; also known as Taḩrīkeh) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tarikeh-ye Rangrazan	Iran
country	The Elizabeth Shopping Centre is a large regional shopping centre located in the outer Adelaide suburb of Elizabeth, South Australia The centre is the third biggest in Adelaide, behind Westfield Tea Tree Plaza, and Westfield Marion.	Elizabeth Shopping Centre	Australia
country	The Column of the Goddess is the popular name given by the citizens of Lille (France) to the Memorial of the Siege of 1792.	Column of the Goddess	France
country	Peter's Alley (Ukrainian: Петрівська алея, Petrivska aleya) is a street in central Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine.	Peter's Alley	Ukraine
country	Central European Tour Budapest GP is a cycling race in Hungary.	Central European Tour Budapest GP	Hungary
country	The Baksan Hydroelectric Power Station is a small hydroelectric power station on the Baksan River in Atazhukino, Baksansky District, Kabardino-Balkaria, Russia.	Baksan Hydroelectric Power Station	Russia
country	Lungitz is a village in the community of Katsdorf, Perg district of Upper Austria, Austria.	Lungitz	Austria
country	Jingdezhen Luojia Airport (Chinese: 景德镇罗家机场) (IATA: JDZ, ICAO: ZSJD) is an airport serving Jingdezhen, a city in the province of Jiangxi in the People's Republic of China.	Jingdezhen Luojia Airport	People's Republic of China
country	The Old Bishop's Palace in Oslo (Oslo Bispeborg) was the residence of the Roman Catholic bishops of Oslo, Norway.	Old Bishop's Palace in Oslo	Norway
country	German submarine U-462 was a Type XIV supply and replenishment U-boat (``Milchkuh'') of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. Her keel was laid down on 2 January 1941, by Deutsche Werke in Kiel.	German submarine U-462	Germany
country	Zirab (Persian: زيرآب‎, also Romanized as Zīr Āb) is a city in and capital of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zirab	Iran
country	Bidung Gewog (Dzongkha: སྦིས་གདུང་) is a gewog (village block) of Trashigang District, Bhutan.	Bidung Gewog	Bhutan
country	Vellan (Persian: ولان‎, also Romanized as Vellān and Valān; also known as Varaj and Waraj) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Vellan	Iran
country	Kiwayu Airport (IATA: KWY) is an airport serving Kiwayu (also spelled Kiwayuu), a small island in the eastern part of the Lamu Archipelago off the coast of Kenya.	Kiwayu Airport	Kenya
country	Topórek (tɔˈpurɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Topórek	Poland
country	Driven To Perform (DTP) is an auto show billed as Western Canada's largest and most established automotive lifestyles tour and originally featured mainly import tuner sport compact cars.	Driven To Perform	Canada
country	Mides is a mountain oasis in Tunisia.	Mides	Tunisia
country	Subiaco AFC is a soccer club based in the city of Subiaco, Western Australia.	Subiaco AFC	Australia
country	Waterdown Dam is an earth-fill type dam (reservoir) located on the Klipplaat River near Whittlesea, Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Waterdown Dam	South Africa
country	Witkówek (vitˈkuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Witkówek	Poland
country	Dong Peng is a protected multiple use management area in the Koh Kong Province of Cambodia.	Dong Peng	Cambodia
country	Cutipay River is a river in Valdivia municipality, southern Chile.	Cutipay River	Chile
country	Karakelong is the chief island of the Talaud Islands north east of Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Karakelong	Indonesia
country	Gardens by the Bay is a nature park spanning 101 hectares (250 acres) of reclaimed land in central Singapore, adjacent to the Marina Reservoir.	Gardens by the Bay	Singapore
country	Madhisho is a city in the northwestern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Madhisho	Somalia
country	Dainfern is a golfing estate in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Dainfern	South Africa
country	Rocca Busambra is the highest peak in the Monti Sicani, in western Sicily, southern Italy.	Rocca Busambra	Italy
country	Valdgeym (Russian: Валдгейм; Yiddish: װאלדהײם‎, Valdheym; German: Waldheim) is a rural locality (a selo) in Birobidzhansky District of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast, Russia.	Valdgeym	Russia
country	Shirazi-ye Olya (Persian: شيرازي عليا‎, also Romanized as Shīrāzī-ye ``Olyā; also known as Shīrāzī) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 8 families.	Shirazi-ye Olya	Iran
country	The White Ribbon Campaign is active in over 60 nations across the world including Canada, Australia, Pakistan, Italy and the UK.	White Ribbon Campaign	Canada
country	The Prahran Market is one of the premier fresh food markets in Melbourne, Australia.	Prahran Market	Australia
country	Tanjung Lumpur Highway, or Jalan Abu Bakar, Federal Route 183, is a major highway in Kuantan, Pahang, Malaysia.	Tanjung Lumpur Highway	Malaysia
country	Parkoszów (parˈkɔʂuf) (German: Urbanstreben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Parkoszów	Poland
country	The Greater Sudbury Police Service is the police force for the municipality of Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.	Greater Sudbury Police Service	Canada
country	Wat Pah Nanachat (Thai: วัดป่านานาชาติ, International Forest Monastery) is situated in a small forest in northeast Thailand about 15 kilometres from the city of Ubon Rachathani.	Wat Pah Nanachat	Thailand
country	Cambrai Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Grâce de Cambrai) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, located in Cambrai.	Cambrai Cathedral	France
country	Andimeshk (Persian: انديمشك‎‎, also Romanized as Āndīmeshḵ) is a city in and the capital of Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Andimeshk	Iran
country	Punjab Town (Urdu: پنجاب ٹاؤن ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Shah Faisal Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Punjab Town	Pakistan
country	Sorong Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Sorong) is a regency of West Papua Province of Indonesia.	Sorong Regency	Indonesia
country	Drachhausen ((ˈdʁaχˌhaʊzn̩); Lower Sorbian: Hochoza) is a municipality in the district of Spree-Neiße, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Drachhausen	Germany
country	Pikutkowo (pikutˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Pikutkowo	Poland
country	Spas-Zagorye is a village, administrative centre of rural settlements in the municipal area of Maloyaroslavetsky District of the Kaluga region, Russia.	Spas-Zagorye	Russia
country	The Personal Public Service Number (PPS No) (Irish: Uimhir Phearsanta Seirbhíse Poiblí, or Uimh. PSP) is an identifier issued by the Client Identity Services section of the Department of Social Protection, on behalf of the Minister for Social Protection in Ireland.	Personal Public Service Number	Ireland
country	Marmari (Greek: Μαρμάρι, Katharevousa: Μαρμάριον) is a village and a former municipality in Euboea, Greece, in the southeastern end of the island.	Marmari	Greece
country	Dizaj Diz (Persian: ديزج ديز‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj Dīz; also known as Dizadiz, Dīzaj, Dīzayish, Dīz Jadīz, and Dīzjas) is a city in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj Diz	Iran
country	Chastenuel, part of the commune of Jax, is a village in the Haute-Loire département of France.	Chastenuel	France
country	Ağacanlı (also, Agadzhanly) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağacanlı	Azerbaijan
country	The GP Comune di Cornaredo is an elite women's professional one-day road bicycle race held in Italy and is currently rated by the UCI as a 1.2 race.	GP Comune di Cornaredo	Italy
country	Capua is a city and comune in the province of Caserta, Campania, southern Italy, situated 25 km (16 mi) north of Naples, on the northeastern edge of the Campanian plain.	Capua	Italy
country	Szczerków (ˈʂt͡ʂɛrkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Szczerków	Poland
country	Rüdesheim an der Nahe, or simply Rüdesheim, is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Bad Kreuznach district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Rüdesheim an der Nahe	Germany
country	Tirta Empul temple (Indonesian: Pura Tirta Empul) is a Hindu Balinese water temple located near the town of Tampaksiring, Bali, Indonesia.	Tirta Empul	Indonesia
country	Kilrossanty (Irish: Cill Rosanta) is a small village and parish in County Waterford, Ireland.	Kilrossanty	Ireland
country	Autonomous University of Carmen The Universidad autónoma del Carmen (UNACAR) (Autonomous University of Carmen) is a University in Mexico.	Autonomous University of Carmen	Mexico
country	Telngoh is a sub-clan of Haokip, which is the prominent clan among the Thadou-Kuki of Northeast India and Myanmar.	Telngoh	India
country	Gorica pri Raztezu (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːtsa pɾi ˈɾaːstɛzu)) is a settlement west of Brestanica in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Gorica pri Raztezu	Slovenia
country	Kapov Han (Cyrillic: Капов Хан) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kapov Han	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tomb KV48 is an ancient Egyptian tomb located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt.	KV48	Egypt
country	The Universidad José Cecilio del Valle UJCV is the pioneer of the private higher education institutions in Honduras.	Universidad José Cecilio del Valle	Honduras
country	Avispa (or Avispa Music per the URL) is a record label from Spain specializing in heavy metal; it is the largest Spanish company specializing in this type of music.	Avispa	Spain
country	Lousika (Greek: Λουσικά) is a village in Achaea, Greece.	Lousika	Greece
country	Damthang is a town in Paro District in western Bhutan.	Damthang	Bhutan
country	The Mangfall Valley Railway (German: Mangfalltalbahn) (KBS 958) is a single-tracked, electrified railway that runs through the Mangfall valley in Bavaria, Germany, between Holzkirchen and Rosenheim.	Mangfall Valley Railway	Germany
country	Pandie Pandie Station, most commonly known as Pandie Pandie, also often spelled as Pandi Pandi and Pandy Pandy, is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in north east South Australia.	Pandie Pandie Station	Australia
country	École Supérieure de Commerce Bretagne Brest (ESC Bretagne Brest), also called The Graduate school of Management of Brittany, France, is a French business School in the city of Brest in northwestern France.	ESC Bretagne Brest	France
country	Ciuc County was a county (Romanian: județ) in the Kingdom of Romania.	Ciuc County	Romania
country	Karabad (Persian: كر آباد‎, also Romanized as Karābād and Karrābād; also known as Garābād and Karrāwa) is a village in Razab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Karabad	Iran
country	Karlovica (German: Karlowitz) is a settlement southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Karlovica	Slovenia
country	Tuobuya (Russian: Туобуя) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tuobuyinsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 250 kilometers (160 mi) from Verkhnevilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Tuobuya	Russia
country	Col du Grand Cucheron, at an elevation of 1,188 metres (3,898 ft), is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France.	Col du Grand Cucheron	France
country	St Columb's Cathedral in the walled city of Derry, Northern Ireland is the mother church of the Church of Ireland Diocese of Derry and Raphoe and the parish church of Templemore.	St Columb's Cathedral	Ireland
country	Anarita (Greek: Αναρίτα) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km (2 mi) northeast of Timi.	Anarita	Cyprus
country	Kalateh-ye Fathabad-e Sharqi (Persian: كلاته فتح ابادشرقي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Fatḩābād-e Sharqī; also known as Fatḩābād) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Fathabad-e Sharqi	Iran
country	Catió is a city in south eastern Guinea-Bissau.	Catió	Guinea-Bissau
country	Khari River is a river in Western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Matana Madh village.	Khari River	India
country	Horns Kungsgård (``Horn's crown demesne'') is a nature preserve in the northern part of Öland, Sweden.	Horns Kungsgård	Sweden
country	Dolnje Dobravice (pronounced (ˈdoːlnjɛ dɔˈbɾaːʋitsɛ); German: Dobrawitz) is a settlement north of Gradac in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Dolnje Dobravice	Slovenia
country	Mohammadabad-e Garavand (Persian: محمدابادگراوند‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Garāvand; also known as Garāvand) is a village in Rumeshkhan Rural District, Central District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Garavand	Iran
country	Lińsk (liɲsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lińsk	Poland
country	The Anatori River is a small river in a remote part of Tasman District in the far northwest of the South Island of New Zealand.	Anatori River	New Zealand
country	Nu'usafe'e Island is a small uninhabited island in Samoa.	Nu'usafe'e Island	Samoa
country	The Serra da Chela is a mountain range in south-central Angola.	Serra da Chela	Angola
country	Visaginas ( pronunciation ) is the centre of Lithuania's youngest municipality, located on the north-eastern edge of the country.	Visaginas	Lithuania
country	Hesaraghatta Lake is a manmade reservoir located 18 km to the north-west of Bengaluru in Karnataka state, India.	Hesaraghatta Lake	India
country	Bellevue Beach (Danish: Bellevue Strand), often simply referred to as Bellevue, is a beach at Klampenborg on the northern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Bellevue Beach	Denmark
country	Sijareh (Persian: سيجاره‎, also Romanized as Sījāreh; also known as Sajāreh) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sijareh	Iran
country	Rawsonville is a small wine growing and farming community in the Breede River Valley of the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Rawsonville	South Africa
country	Mae Rai (Thai: แม่ไร่) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Chan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Mae Rai	Thailand
country	The Allgemeines bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (ABGB) is the Civil Code of Austria, which was enacted in 1811 after about 40 years of preparatory works.	Allgemeines bürgerliches Gesetzbuch	Austria
country	Mendut is a ninth-century Buddhist temple, located in Mendut village, Mungkid sub-district, Magelang Regency, Central Java, Indonesia.	Mendut	Indonesia
country	Yanqaq Rural District (Persian: دهستان ينقاق‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yanqaq Rural District	Iran
country	The Port of Almeria is a busy ferry-port in Almeria, Spain.	Port of Almeria	Spain
country	Volosko (Italian: Volosco, Volosca) is a part of the city of Opatija, located in the Kvarner Gulf in western Croatia.	Volosko	Croatia
country	Manukau Railway Station is located at the heart of the campus of the Manukau Institute of Technology in Manukau, a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand (formerly Manukau City).	Manukau Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Oostvoorne was since before World War II the only location in the Netherlands were automobiles were permitted on the beach.	Oostvoorne	Netherlands
country	Pakhtakor, Sughd is a town and jamoat in north-west Tajikistan.	Pakhtakor, Sughd	Tajikistan
country	Kosambi (Pali) was an important city in ancient India.	Kosambi	India
country	The Ravenna Gorge (German: Ravennaschlucht) is a gorge in the Black Forest in southwest Germany.	Ravenna Gorge	Germany
country	Giurgiulești is a commune in the Cahul district of Moldova.	Giurgiulești	Moldova
country	Under German occupation, the Cimade continued its operations, working with refugees, many of whom were Jewish, who, having fled from Germany and other war affected European countries, were interned in Southern France.	Cimade	France
country	Batote is a town and a notified area committee in Ramban district of the Jammu & Kashmir state in India.	Batote	India
country	Putnok is a town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Northern Hungary.	Putnok	Hungary
country	The Jochstock (2,564 m) is a summit of the Urner Alps, located near Engelberg in Central Switzerland.	Jochstock	Switzerland
country	Kal Gechi (Persian: كل گچي‎, also Romanized as Kal Gechī and Kal Gachī; also known as Gol Gachī) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kal Gechi	Iran
country	Marano lagoon is a huge lagoon in northeastern Italy.	Marano lagoon	Italy
country	Parroquia Nuestra Señora de Andacollo, Santiago is Catholic parish in Santiago, Chile dedicated to Our Lady of Andacollo.	Parroquia Nuestra Señora de Andacollo, Santiago	Chile
country	Arroyo de Piedra is a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site in Guatemala located approximately 2-3 km east/northeast of Dos Pilas and 3 km west of Tamarindito.	Arroyo de Piedra	Guatemala
country	Gammelin is a municipality in the administrative Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Gammelin	Germany
country	Philtech Institute of Arts and Technology Inc. (PIAT or Philtech) is a technical institution in Lucena, Gumaca,and Catanauan in the province of Quezon, Philippines.	Philtech Institute of Arts and Technology	Philippines
country	Landskrona Citadel (Swedish: Citadellet or Landskrona slott) is situated in Landskrona, Scania, southern Sweden.	Landskrona Citadel	Sweden
country	Chittaranjan Park Kali Mandir (Chittaranjan Park Kali Bari) is a temple complex and Bengali community cultural center in Chittaranjan Park in New Delhi, India.	Chittaranjan Park Kali Mandir	India
country	Marywil was built some time between 1692 and 1697 by Maria Kazimiera, the Queen of Poland, to commemorate the victory of her husband, King John III of Poland over the Turks in the Battle of Vienna.	Marywil	Poland
country	Ashareh Beyt-e Yabareh (Persian: عشاره بيت يباره‎, also Romanized as ʿAshāreh Beyt-e Yabāreh; also known as Beyt-e Yabāreh) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ashareh Beyt-e Yabareh	Iran
country	Canal de Navarrés is a comarca in the province of Valencia, Valencian Community, Spain.	Canal de Navarrés	Spain
country	Guadahortuna is a municipality of the province of Granada, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Guadahortuna	Spain
country	Klance (pronounced (ˈklaːntsɛ)) is a small village northwest of Dane in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Klance	Slovenia
country	Ulsan Japanese Castle (울산왜성, 蔚山倭城) is a Japanese style castle in Ulsan, South Korea which was constructed during the Japanese invasions of Korea (Imjin war) by Kato Kiyomasa's army.	Ulsan Japanese Castle	South Korea
country	Besh Evili (Persian: بش اويلي‎, also Romanized as Besh Evīlī; also known as Besh Evlī) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District, Loveh District, Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Besh Evili	Iran
country	Nord-Vågsøy Church (Norwegian: Nord-Vågsøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Nord-Vågsøy Church	Norway
country	Taman Tuanku Jaafar is a major township in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Taman Tuanku Jaafar	Malaysia
country	In addition to publishing these newspapers, JP/Politikens Hus' businesses also include book publishing, printing, local newspapers in Denmark and Sweden, as well as a number of multi-media concerns.	JP/Politikens Hus	Denmark
country	Benue-Plateau State is a former administrative division of Nigeria.	Benue-Plateau State	Nigeria
country	Muslim Mujahid Colony (Urdu: مسلم مجاہد کالونی ‎) is one of the neighborhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Muslim Mujahid Colony	Pakistan
country	The 2014 Iquique earthquake struck off the coast of Chile on 1 April, with a moment magnitude of 8.2, at 20:46 local time (23:46 UTC).	2014 Iquique earthquake	Chile
country	Shou County or Shouxian (simplified Chinese: 寿县; traditional Chinese: 壽縣; pinyin: Shòu Xiàn) is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, under the jurisdiction of Huainan City.	Shou County	People's Republic of China
country	Sulitjelmaisen (Lule Sami: Sállajiegŋa) is one of the largest glaciers in mainland Norway.	Sulitjelmaisen	Norway
country	Kotredež (pronounced (kɔˈtɾeːdɛʃ); German: Kotredesch) is a settlement north of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Kotredež	Slovenia
country	Bykovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Быково) (IATA: BKA, ICAO: UUBB) was a small regional airport serving Moscow, Russia.	Bykovo Airport	Russia
country	Itanhandu is a city in the south of Minas Gerais, Brazil with a population of 12,196 and a total area of 143,9 km².	Itanhandu	Brazil
country	Club Social y Deportivo Municipal, also known as Municipal or Los Rojos (the Reds), is a Guatemalan football club based in Guatemala City.	Club Social y Deportivo Municipal	Guatemala
country	Boris Alexandrov Sports Palace (Kazakh: Борис Александров атындағы спорт сарайы, Russian: Дворец спорта имени Бориса Александрова) is an ice hockey indoor arena in Oskemen, Kazakhstan.	Boris Alexandrov Sports Palace	Kazakhstan
country	Ilford, Manitoba is an Indian settlement in northern Manitoba, Canada.	Ilford, Manitoba	Canada
country	Sulphur Mountain Cosmic Ray Station, a National Historic Site of Canada found atop Sulphur Mountain in Banff National Park, commemorates Canada's participation in the International Geophysical Year, during 1957 to 1958.	Sulphur Mountain Cosmic Ray Station	Canada
country	The Shire of West Wimmera is a local government area in the western part of the Wimmera region of Victoria, Australia, located in the western part of the state.	Shire of West Wimmera	Australia
country	Artsvanist (Armenian: Արծվանիստ; until 1968, Nerkin Aluchalu, Alichali, and Russified as Nizhniy Aluchalu) is a village located south of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Artsvanist	Armenia
country	The Dârjiu fortified church (Romanian: Biserica fortificată din Dârjiu; Hungarian: Székelyderzsi erődtemplom) is a Unitarian fortified church in Dârjiu (Székelyderzs), Harghita County, in the Transylvania region of Romania.	Dârjiu fortified church	Romania
country	Cedillo (Casalinho in Portuguese) is a town and municipality in Spain, located in the province of Cáceres, community of Extremadura.	Cedillo	Spain
country	Dervenakia (Greek: Δερβενάκια) is a small village in Corinthia, in northeastern Peloponnese (southern Greece).	Dervenakia	Greece
country	Bellegarde-en-Diois (Occitan: Bèlagarda) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France.	Bellegarde-en-Diois	France
country	The Feuersteinklippe is a rock formation in the Harz National Park in central Germany and the landmark of the nearby village of Schierke.	Feuersteinklippe	Germany
country	Sakrand (Sindhi: سڪرنڊ‎) is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Sakrand	Pakistan
country	The Fur Trade at Lachine National Historic Site (Lieu historique national de la Commerce-de-la-Fourrure-à-Lachine) is a historic building located in the borough of Lachine in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, at the western end of the Lachine Canal.	The Fur Trade at Lachine National Historic Site	Canada
country	The Wienerwaldsee (English:Vienna Forest Lake) is a shallow reservoir, located 20 kilometres west of Vienna, Austria.	Wienerwaldsee	Austria
country	Kyren Airport is a civilian airport 1 km southeast of Kyren in Russia.	Kyren Airport	Russia
country	Filadelfia is the capital of Boquerón Department in the Gran Chaco of western Paraguay.	Filadelfia	Paraguay
country	Petit Wasmes is a village near Wasmes in the municipality of Colfontaine in Belgium.	Petit Wasmes	Belgium
country	Trialeti Range (Georgian: თრიალეთის ქედი) is an east-west mountain range of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains in the central part of Georgia.	Trialeti Range	Georgia
country	The Nam Ou (Laotian: ນ້ຳອູ (nâːm ùː), literally: ``rice bowl river'') is one of the most important rivers of Laos.	Nam Ou	Laos
country	Bilal Town is a wealthy northeastern suburb of Abbottabad, Pakistan.	Bilal Town	Pakistan
country	Ryaverket is a large sewage treatment plant in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Ryaverket	Sweden
country	Västerås Cathedral (Swedish: Västerås domkyrka) is the seat of the Diocese of Västerås in the Province of Västmanland, Sweden.	Västerås Cathedral	Sweden
country	Flatkvål /fla:kol/ is a village in the Eksingedalen valley in Vaksdal municipality, Hordaland county, Norway.	Flatkvål	Norway
country	The Nitobe Memorial Garden is a 2½ acre (one hectare) traditional Japanese garden located at the University of British Columbia, just outside the city limits of Vancouver, Canada.	Nitobe Memorial Garden	Canada
country	Maniyawan is a place in the Jehanabad district in Bihar state of India.	Maniyawan	India
country	India census, Keerikkad (Village) had a population of 10003 with 4662 males and 5341 females.	Keerikkad	India
country	The Table Bay Nature Reserve is an 880-hectare (2,200-acre) nature reserve in Milnerton, Cape Town, South Africa.	Table Bay Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	The Port of A Coruña is a port in A Coruña, Spain, on the Atlantic Ocean.	Port of A Coruña	Spain
country	Tworylne (tfɔˈrɨlnɛ) (Ukrainian: Творильне, Tvoryl’ne) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Tworylne	Poland
country	Nykøbing Falster is the largest city on the islands of Lolland and Falster, and is often called ``Nykøbing F.'' to distinguish it from at least two other cities in Denmark with the name of Nykøbing.	Nykøbing Falster	Denmark
country	The Na Hang Dam (also known as Tuyên Quang Dam) is a hydroelectric dam on the Gâm River near Pác Tạ Mountain in Tuyên Quang Province, Vietnam.	Na Hang Dam	Vietnam
country	The Sevilla Tower (Spanish: Torre Sevilla) is an office skyscraper under construction in Seville, Spain, that is being built under the masterplan of Puerto Triana.	Sevilla Tower	Spain
country	Beechwood Avenue (Ottawa Road #44) is a major east-west road in Ottawa, Canada.	Beechwood Avenue	Canada
country	Peleș Castle (Romanian: Castelul Peleș pronounced (kasˈtelul ˈpeleʃ)) is a Neo-Renaissance castle in the Carpathian Mountains, near Sinaia, in Prahova County, Romania, on an existing medieval route linking Transylvania and Wallachia, built between 1873 and 1914.	Peleș Castle	Romania
country	Kumbharia or Kumbhariya is village in Anjar Taluka of Kutch District of Gujarat State of India.	Kumbharia	India
country	Dağpınar is a belde (town) in Digor district of Kars Province, Turkey at 40°28′N 43°19′E. It is situated on a high plateau between Kars and Digor.	Dağpınar	Turkey
country	The Ponte di Pioraco is a Roman bridge in Pioraco, central Italy, presumably erected under emperor Augustus (r. 30 BC--14 AD).	Ponte di Pioraco	Italy
country	Antibes (/ɒnˈtiːb/, French: (ɑ̃.tib); Provençal Occitan: Antíbol) is a Mediterranean resort in the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France, on the Côte d'Azur between Cannes and Nice.	Antibes	France
country	Sorkheban-e Sofla (Persian: سرخ بان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sorkhebān-e Soflá) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sorkheban-e Sofla	Iran
country	Mahakan (Persian: ماهكان‎, also Romanized as Māhakān, Māhagān, Māhegān, Maheh Kan, Mahīkān, and Mahkan) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mahakan	Iran
country	Kynance Cove (Cornish: Porth Keynans, meaning ravine cove) is a cove on the eastern side of Mount's Bay, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Kynance Cove	United Kingdom
country	Santibáñez de Tera (Spanish pronunciation: (santiˈβaɲeθ ðe ˈteɾa)) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Santibáñez de Tera	Spain
country	Agar Panchaitan is a town located in the state of Maharashtra, on the west coast of India.	Agar Panchaitan	India
country	Pawłowo-Wybudowanie (paˈvwɔvɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pawłowo-Wybudowanie	Poland
country	Oddesund North station is a railway station serving the small settlement of Oddesund on the Thyholm Peninsula in Thy, Denmark.	Oddesund North station	Denmark
country	Gliwicki Klub Sportowy Piast Gliwice (Polish pronunciation: (ˈpʲast ɡliˈvit͡sɛ)) is a Polish football club based in Gliwice, Poland.	Piast Gliwice	Poland
country	Słubice (swuˈbʲit͡sɛ) (German Dammvorstadt) is a border town in the Lubusz Voivodeship of western Poland.	Słubice	Poland
country	Moruya Airport (IATA: MYA, ICAO: YMRY) is an airport located 3.5 NM (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) northeast of Moruya, New South Wales, Australia.	Moruya Airport	Australia
country	Vatnsstígur 16-18 is a residential tower located in downtown Reykjavík, Iceland.	Vatnsstígur 16-18	Iceland
country	Sicamous is a District in British Columbia located adjacent to the Trans-Canada Highway at the Highway 97A junction, where Mara Lake empties into Shuswap Lake via a short narrows.	Sicamous	Canada
country	Helsinki University Library is the largest multidisciplinary university library in Finland.	Helsinki University Library	Finland
country	Kandi II is an arrondissement of the Alibori Department of northeastern Benin.	Kandi II	Benin
country	Hofsá river, in Vopnafjörður fjord, Iceland, is one of Iceland's most productive salmon rivers.	Hofsá	Iceland
country	CHYZ-FM is the college radio station for Université Laval, located in Sainte-Foy, Québec, Canada.	CHYZ-FM	Canada
country	Ki Geh (Persian: كي گه‎, also Romanized as Kī Geh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ki Geh	Iran
country	SMA Negeri 13 Bekasi (also known as Sekolah Menengah Atas Negeri 13 Bekasi) is a public senior high school in Bekasi, West Java, Indonesia.	SMA Negeri 13 Bekasi	Indonesia
country	The Arboretum des Grands Murcins (3 hectares) is a private arboretum located near Arcon, Loire, Rhône-Alpes, France.	Arboretum des Grands Murcins	France
country	Scharnitz Abbey (German: Kloster Scharnitz) was a Benedictine monastery in Mittenwald in Bavaria, Germany.	Scharnitz Abbey	Germany
country	Chap va Rast (Persian: چپوراست‎, also Romanized as Chap va Rāst; also known as Chap Rāst) is a village in Abanar Rural District, Kalat District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chap va Rast	Iran
country	Podlanišče (pronounced (pɔdlaˈniːʃtsɛ); German: Podlanischam) is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Podlanišče	Slovenia
country	Bani-ye Shib (Persian: باني شيب‎, also Romanized as Bānī-ye Shīb; also known as Bān-e Shīb) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bani-ye Shib	Iran
country	Huanuara District is one of six districts of the Candarave Province in the Tacna Region in Peru.	Huanuara District	Peru
country	Kafr Latah (Arabic: كفرلاته‎, also spelled Kafar Latha or Kfarlatha) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located south of Idlib.	Kafr Latah	Syria
country	Delowo (dɛˈlɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Delowo	Poland
country	The Limón Dam, part of the Olmos Transandino Project, is an under construction multi-purpose concrete-face rock-fill embankment dam on the Huancabamba River in northwestern Peru, located to the south of Guabal.	Limón Dam	Peru
country	Lambussie is a small town and is the capital of Lambussie Karni district, a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana.	Lambussie	Ghana
country	Tando Jam (Sindhi: ٽنڊوڄام) is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Tando Jam	Pakistan
country	Gierle is a village of about 4,200 inhabitants in the province of Antwerp in Flanders, Belgium.	Gierle	Belgium
country	RKS Radomsko is a small football club based in the city of Radomsko, in the south of Poland.	RKS Radomsko	Poland
country	Escobar de Campos (Spanish pronunciation: (eskoˈβar ðe ˈkampos)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Escobar de Campos	Spain
country	Kalopsida (Greek: Καλοψίδα; Turkish: Çayönü) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Lysi.	Kalopsida	Cyprus
country	Momignies is notable for encompassing the only area in Belgium which is not drained into the North Sea.	Momignies	Belgium
country	Việt Bắc (Northern Vietnam) is a region of Vietnam north of Hanoi that served as the Viet Minh's base of support during the First Indochina War (1946--1954).	Việt Bắc	Vietnam
country	Arielli is a comune and town in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central-southern Italy.	Arielli	Italy
country	Solikamsk (Russian: Солика́мск) is a town in Perm Krai, Russia.	Solikamsk	Russia
country	Preus Museum is the national museum for photography located in Horten, Norway.	Preus Museum	Norway
country	The Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach (German: Mathematisches Forschungsinstitut Oberwolfach) in Oberwolfach, Germany, was founded by mathematician Wilhelm Süss in 1944.	Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach	Germany
country	The Olango Island Group is a group of islands found in the Central Visayas region of the Philippines and is a part of Cebu Province.	Olango Island Group	Philippines
country	By asset size, Vancity is the largest community credit union in Canada, with $18.6 billion in assets, 58 branches and more than 509,000 members.	Vancity	Canada
country	The Reform Party of New York State (also known as the New York State Reform Party) was the name of two unrelated political parties in the state of New York: a qualified party active only in New York State, and the New York branch of the Reform Party of the United States of America.	Reform Party of New York State	United States of America
country	Mirandeh (Persian: ميرونده‎, also Romanized as Mīrāndeh and Mīrondeh) is a village in Khomeh Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mirandeh	Iran
country	The Akosombo Dam, also known as the Akosombo Hydroelectric Project, is a hydroelectric dam on the Volta River in southeastern Ghana in the Akosombo gorge and part of the Volta River Authority.	Akosombo Dam	Ghana
country	The Tshuapa River is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, about 1000 km long.	Tshuapa River	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Obelisk of Axum (Amharic: የአክሱም ሐውልት?) is a 1,700-year-old, 24-metre-tall (79-foot) granite stele/obelisk, weighing 160 tonnes, in the city of Axum in Ethiopia.	Obelisk of Axum	Ethiopia
country	Zmutt (also spelled Z'mutt, Z'Mutt, Z-Mutt) is a small village in the municipality of Zermatt, Valais, Switzerland, situated at 1936 m in the Zmutt Valley (Zmuttal) west of Zermatt.	Zmutt	Switzerland
country	The Ashton Memorial stands coincidentally close to the mathematical centre point of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, excluding the Isle of Man.	Ashton Memorial	United Kingdom
country	VOA-PNN (Abbreviation of Voice of America-Persian News Network) is a governmental international broadcaster of the United States of America in Persian language.	VOA-PNN	United States of America
country	Sisimiut Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant near Sisimiut, Greenland.	Sisimiut Hydro Power Plant	Greenland
country	Kokhanovo Settlement Council (Russian: Кохановский Поселковый совет) is a lowest-level administrative subdivision of Talachyn Raion, Vitsebsk Voblast, Belarus.	Kokhanovo Settlement Council	Belarus
country	Vištytis (Yiddish: ווישטינעץ, Vishtinets, Polish: Wisztyniec) is a town in southern Lithuania on Lake Vištytis, Marijampolė district.	Vištytis	Lithuania
country	Our Lady of Liberation is a church built in an old fort located at nearly 500 meters of altitude, near the hamlet of Chapelle des Buis on the outskirts of the city of Besançon in the department of Doubs in Eastern France.	Our Lady of Liberation	France
country	Kunë Island (Albanian: Ishulli i Kunës) is an island located off the coast of Albania in the Adriatic Sea.	Kunë Island	Albania
country	Shipitsyno (Russian: Шипицыно) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kotlassky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Northern Dvina River 7 kilometers (4.3 mi) from Kotlas.	Shipitsyno	Russia
country	Chrysovitsi (Greek: Χρυσοβίτσι) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Falanthos, Arcadia, Greece.	Chrysovitsi	Greece
country	Kamala Niketan Montessori School, or KNMS, is a comprehensive school in Tiruchchirapalli, India.	Kamala Niketan Montessori School	India
country	Dudovica (Serbian: Дудовица) is a village in Lazarevac municipality in the Belgrade District of Serbia.	Dudovica	Serbia
country	Warbstow (Cornish: Lannwarburgh) is a village and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Warbstow	United Kingdom
country	Yangiariq (Uzbek: Yangiariq, Russian: Янгиарык) is a village and seat of Yangiariq District in Xorazm Region in Uzbekistan.	Yangiariq	Uzbekistan
country	Jalan Kemajuan Subang is an avenue in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Kemajuan Subang	Malaysia
country	Phulambri is a town and a tehsil in Aurangabad district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Phulambri	India
country	Aldeia do Mato is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Abrantes, in Santarém District, Portugal.	Aldeia do Mato	Portugal
country	Kampar River on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia originates in the mountainous Bukit Barisan of West Sumatra, and empties into the Malacca Strait on the island's eastern coast.	Kampar River	Indonesia
country	Ukšići (Serbian Cyrillic: Укшићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ukšići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kordkanlu (Persian: كردكانلو‎, also Romanized as Kordkānlū) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kordkanlu	Iran
country	Gasmata is a village on the southern coast of New Britain, Papua New Guinea located at 6° 16' 60S 150° 19' 60E.	Gasmata	Papua New Guinea
country	Pirgol (Persian: پيرگل‎, also Romanized as Pīrgol) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, Anzal District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pirgol	Iran
country	Lozoyuela-Navas-Sieteiglesias (Spanish pronunciation: (loθoˈʝwela ˈnaβas sjeteiˈɣlesjas)) is a municipality of the Community of Madrid, Spain.	Lozoyuela-Navas-Sieteiglesias	Spain
country	Saltfjorden or Saltenfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Bodø and Gildeskål in Nordland county, Norway.	Saltfjorden	Norway
country	Alpine skiing at the 1968 Winter Olympics consisted of six events, held 9--17 February at Chamrousse, southeast of Grenoble, France.	Alpine skiing at the 1968 Winter Olympics	France
country	The Kubitzer Bodden is a type of lagoon known as a bodden on the Baltic Sea coast in the southwestern area of the island of Rügen in Germany.	Kubitzer Bodden	Germany
country	Piskajny (pisˈkai̯nɨ) (German: Peiskam) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Piskajny	Poland
country	On April 3, 2013, the Grozny-City Towers Facade Clocks in Grozny, Chechnya, Russia caught fire and one side of the 40-story building was engulfed in flames, which burned for approximately 8 hours.	Grozny-City Towers	Russia
country	Arlon (French pronunciation: ​(aʁlɔ̃); Luxembourgish: Arel; Dutch: Aarlen, pronounced (ˈaːrlə(n)); German: Arel; Walloon: Årlon) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in and capital of the province of Luxembourg.	Arlon	Belgium
country	Ta' Dmejrek is the highest point of Malta, located on the Dingli Cliffs, with an elevation of 253 metres (830 ft).	Ta' Dmejrek	Malta
country	Mar Mord (Persian: مارمرد‎, also Romanized as Mār Mord and Mār Mard) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mar Mord	Iran
country	Żuromin County (Polish: powiat żuromiński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Żuromin County	Poland
country	Skauthøi is a mountain of Oppland, in southern Norway.	Skauthøi	Norway
country	Borul (Persian: برول‎, also Romanized as Borūl; also known as Borūl-e Bālā) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Borul	Iran
country	The Zhovtnevyi Rudnyk coal mine is a large coal mine located in the southeast of Ukraine in Donetsk Oblast.	Zhovtnevyi Rudnyk coal mine	Ukraine
country	Kleinbettingen railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Klengbetten, French: Gare de Kleinbettingen, German: Bahnhof Kleinbettingen) is a railway station serving Kleinbettingen, in the commune of Steinfort, in western Luxembourg.	Kleinbettingen railway station	Luxembourg
country	A class action lawsuit, Tillie Hardwick v. United States of America, was won in 1983 by 17 Rancherias including Blue Lake Rancheria; the federal government was ordered to reinstate federal recognition for all the plaintiffs.	Blue Lake Rancheria	United States of America
country	Houlgate (pronounced: (ulɡat)) is a small tourist resort in northwestern France along the English Channel with a beach and a casino.	Houlgate	France
country	Brave Mountain is a steep mountain, located less than 3 km (2 mi) southwest of Bishop's Mitre in northern Labrador, Canada.	Brave Mountain	Canada
country	Kadmat Island (Malayalam: കടമത്ത്), also known as Cardamom Island, is an island belonging to the Amindivi subgroup of islands of the Lakshadweep archipelago in India.	Kadmat Island	India
country	Residency Road (Malayalam: റെസിഡന്‍സി റോഡ്‌) is one of the major city roads in city of Kollam, India.	Residency Road	India
country	Randsfjorden is Norway's fourth largest lake with an area of 138 km2 (53 sq mi).	Randsfjorden	Norway
country	Vatadra (Vatadara) is one of the larger villages of Cambay county (Khambhat Taluka or subdistrict) of Anand district in Gujarat state (India).	Vatadra	India
country	The Monastic Community of Enonkoski is the only Evangelical Lutheran monastery in Finland.	Monastic Community of Enonkoski	Finland
country	Bet Dwarka or Shankhodhar is an inhabited island at mouth of Gulf of Kutch situated 3 km (2 mi) off the coast of Okha, Gujarat, India.	Bet Dwarka	India
country	The T-Link (Norwegian: T-forbindelsen) is a road/bridge/tunnel project in Rogaland, Norway which took four years to build.	T-Link	Norway
country	Unorganized North East Parry Sound District is an unorganized area in Parry Sound District in Central Ontario, Canada.	Unorganized North East Parry Sound District	Canada
country	Lukačevci (Hungarian: Lukácsfa) is a village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Lukačevci	Slovenia
country	Nea Propontida (Greek: Νέα Προποντίδα, ``New Propontis'') is a municipality in the Chalkidiki regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece.	Nea Propontida	Greece
country	Maskwacis Cultural College (MCC) is a Private Post-Secondary Institution within the Four Nations of Maskwacis, Alberta, Canada.	Maskwacis Cultural College	Canada
country	Chernivtsi Philharmonic Hall (from Ukrainian, literally: Chernivtsi Regional Philharmonic - Чернівецька обласна філармонія)is part of the network of state philharmonic halls in Ukraine located in the central part of Chernivtsi, Ukraine.	Chernivtsi Philharmonic Hall	Ukraine
country	Abha (Arabic: أبها‎ Abhā) is the capital of Asir province in Saudi Arabia.	Abha	Saudi Arabia
country	The Trial Islands Ecological Reserve is a nature reserve on the Trial Islands in the British Columbia province of Canada just off the southern tip of Oak Bay in the Strait of Juan de Fuca.	Trial Islands Ecological Reserve	Canada
country	The Sultan Mountains (Turkish: Sultandağ), also known as Sultan Dagh range or Sultan Dag, is a short mountain range on the western edge of the Anatolian Plateau, Turkey with highest elevation of 1,980 m (6,500 ft).	Sultan Mountains	Turkey
country	The League of Communist Struggle & Propaganda Clubs (Dutch: Bond van Kommunistische Strijd- en Propagandaclubs, or BKSP) was a communist organization in the Netherlands.	League of Communist Struggle & Propaganda Clubs	Netherlands
country	The Fernhill Branch is a railway line in Otago, New Zealand.	Fernhill Branch	New Zealand
country	Baesweiler (German pronunciation: (ˈbaːsvaɪlɐ)) is a municipality in the district of Aachen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Baesweiler	Germany
country	Sir Jonathan North Community College is an all-girls school in Leicester, United Kingdom for girls between the ages of 11-16 and was founded in 1904 by Rev. David Field, a wealthy land owner from Wigston.	Sir Jonathan North Community College	United Kingdom
country	The Trevallyn Power Station is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station located in the northern Midlands region of Tasmania, Australia.	Trevallyn Power Station	Australia
country	Vyanda is a town and seat of the Commune of Vyanda in Bururi Province in southern Burundi.	Vyanda	Burundi
country	Imouzzer Ida Ou Tanane (Arabic: إيموزار إيدا وتنان‎) is a small town and rural commune in Agadir-Ida Ou Tanane Prefecture of the Souss-Massa-Drâa region of Morocco.	Imouzzer Ida Ou Tanane	Morocco
country	The Holländerturm (Dutch tower) is a former defensive tower in the old city of Bern in Switzerland.	Holländerturm	Switzerland
country	Chernyakhovsk (Russian: Черняхо́вск); prior to 1946 known by its German name Insterburg (Lithuanian: Įsrutis; Polish: Wystruć) is a town and the administrative center of Chernyakhovsky District in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Instruch and Angrapa Rivers, forming the Pregolya.	Chernyakhovsk	Russia
country	Mulhuddart (Irish: Mullach Eadrad, meaning ``the hill of the milking place'') is a suburb situated to the north-west of Dublin city, Ireland.	Mulhuddart	Ireland
country	Commune of Buganda is a commune of Cibitoke Province in north-western Burundi.	Commune of Buganda	Burundi
country	Isla Picton Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Isla Picton, ICAO: SCPO) is a public use airport located 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Quinta de Tilcoco, Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins, Chile.	Isla Picton Airport	Chile
country	Ohrdruf Priory or Karmel St. Elija, Ohrdruf, is a Carmelite monastery at Ohrdruf in Thuringia, Germany.	Ohrdruf Priory	Germany
country	The North Coast Steam Navigation Company was a shipping company that operated in Australia, formed as the Grafton Steam Navigation Company in 1855.	North Coast Steam Navigation Company	Australia
country	Levtsi (Bulgarian: Левци) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Levtsi	Bulgaria
country	Hoseynabad-e Zand (Persian: حسين ابادزند‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Zand; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District, Jafarabad District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Zand	Iran
country	Gunnar Nu Hansens Plads is a public space in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Gunnar Nu Hansens Plads	Denmark
country	Ærøskøbing Municipality is a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Funen County on the island of Ærø in southern Denmark.	Ærøskøbing Municipality	Denmark
country	Lahoysk (Belarusian: Лагойск, pronounced (lʌˈɣɔɪsk); Russian: Логойск, Logoysk) is a city in the Minsk Region of Belarus and the administrative center of the Lahoysk Raion.	Lahoysk	Belarus
country	The Vajont Dam (or Vaiont Dam) is a disused dam, completed in 1959 in the valley of the Vajont River under Monte Toc, in the municipality of Erto and Casso, 100 km (60 miles) north of Venice, Italy.	Vajont Dam	Italy
country	Godin Tepe is an archaeological site in western Iran, situated in the valley of Kangavar in Kermanshah Province.	Godin Tepe	Iran
country	Chunghwa Station is a passenger railway station located in Chunghwa-ŭp, Chunghwa County, a suburban county of P'yŏngyang, North Korea.	Chunghwa Station	North Korea
country	Fathom Five National Marine Park is a National Marine Conservation Area in the Georgian Bay part of Lake Huron, Ontario, Canada, that seeks to protect and display shipwrecks and lighthouses, and conserve freshwater ecosystems.	Fathom Five National Marine Park	Canada
country	Maracay (Spanish pronunciation: (maɾaˈkai̯)) is a city in north-central Venezuela, near the Caribbean coast, and is the capital and most important city of the state of Aragua.	Maracay	Venezuela
country	Nowe (ˈnɔvɛ) (German: Neuenburg in Westpreußen) is a town in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 6,270 inhabitants (2004).	Nowe	Poland
country	The Denmark Open has been held in Arena Fyn since 2007.	Arena Fyn	Denmark
country	The Pulau River (Indonesian: Sungai Pulau, Dutch: Eilandenrivier) is a river of West Papua and Papua New Guinea.	Pulau River	Papua New Guinea
country	Ontario Science Centre (French: Centre des sciences de l'Ontario) is a science museum in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, near the Don Valley Parkway about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) northeast of downtown on Don Mills Road just south of Eglinton Avenue East.	Ontario Science Centre	Canada
country	São Tomé de Meliapore was a province of Portuguese India which existed from 1523 to 1749.	São Tomé de Meliapore	India
country	The Flinders Ranges Way (route B83) is the main road route through the Flinders Ranges in South Australia.	Flinders Ranges Way	Australia
country	Now Gurab (Persian: نوگوراب‎, also Romanized as Now Gūrāb and Nau Gurāb; also known as Nukurab) is a village in Gasht Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Now Gurab	Iran
country	The Ambassador of Mexico to the United States is the highest ranking diplomatic representative of the United Mexican States to the United States of America.	Ambassador of Mexico to the United States	United States of America
country	Perm State University (Russian: Пермский государственный университет, romanised: Permskiy gosudarstvennyy universitet) or PSU (Russian: ПГУ, romanised: PGU) is located in the city of Perm, Perm Krai, Russia.	Perm State University	Russia
country	Kolimagi (kɔliˈmaɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolimagi	Poland
country	Kunduz Airport (IATA: UND, ICAO: OAUZ) is an airport located 5 miles (8 km) south-southeast of Kunduz (also spelled Konduz), a city in Kunduz Province in Afghanistan.	Kunduz Airport	Afghanistan
country	Hormozgan Province (Persian: استان هرمزگان‎‎, Ostān-e Hormozgān) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.	Hormozgan Province	Iran
country	African Safari World was a proposed amusement park and zoo, to replace the Werribee Open Range Zoo, 32 kilometres (20 mi) southwest of Melbourne, Australia.	African Safari World	Australia
country	The Sauer (German, Luxembourgish) or Sûre (French) is a river in Belgium, Luxembourg and Germany.	Sauer	Belgium	Luxembourg	Germany
country	Barysiai is a village (Lithuanian: kaimas) in the eldership or neighborhood of Gataučiai, in the Joniškis district municipality in Šiauliai County, Lithuania.	Barysiai	Lithuania
country	Helnes Lighthouse (Norwegian: Helnes fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located on the northeastern coast of the island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Helnes Lighthouse	Norway
country	Rangsang is an island of the Riau Archipelago in the Strait of Malacca, Sumatra, Indonesia.	Rangsang	Indonesia
country	Paghaghbyur (Armenian: Պաղաղբյուր; formerly, Sovugbulakh and Sovukbulagh - meaning ``cold spring'') is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Paghaghbyur	Armenia
country	Confluence World School is a co-educational private school in Rudrapur, Uttarakhand, India.	Confluence World School	India
country	Wartkowo (vartˈkɔvɔ) (German: Wartekow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wartkowo	Poland
country	The Forum of Augustus is one of the Imperial forums of Rome, Italy, built by Augustus.	Forum of Augustus	Italy
country	The Wiltz International Scout Centre is situated in Wiltz, in northwestern Luxembourg.	Wiltz International Scout Centre	Luxembourg
country	Berestivka (Ukrainian: Берестівка) is a village in Ukraine.	Berestivka	Ukraine
country	Avdon (Hebrew: עַבְדּוֹן) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Avdon	Israel
country	Balawat (Syriac: ܒܝܬ ܠܒܬ‎, beṯ labat) is an archaeological site and modern village in Nineveh Province (Iraq).	Balawat	Iraq
country	Arabakonak (Bulgarian: Арабаконак) or Botevgrad Pass is a mountain pass through the Balkan Mountains connecting Sofia with Botevgrad and Northern Bulgaria.	Arabakonak	Bulgaria
country	Chunggang County is a kun, or county, in northern Chagang province, North Korea.	Chunggang County	North Korea
country	Kobe Chinatown (Nankin-machi ``Nanjing town'') (Japanese: 南京町; Simplified Chinese: 南京町) in Kobe, Japan is one of only three designated Chinatowns in Japan.	Kobe Chinatown	Japan
country	Pečeňany (Hungarian: Bánpecsenyéd) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Pečeňany	Slovakia
country	Bollikunta is neighbourhood of Warangal, in the state of Telangana in India.	Bollikunta	India
country	Kato Kleines (Greek: Κάτω Κλεινές, Bulgarian and Macedonian Slavic: Долно Клештино, Dolno Kleštino) is a village and a former municipality in Florina regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Kato Kleines	Greece
country	Tarujani (Aymara taruja deer, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with the deer'', hispanicized spelling Tarucani) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Tarujani	Peru
country	Haldur is a village in Bagalkot District (Badami Taluka) Karnataka State of India.	Haldur	India
country	Albuixech (Valencian pronunciation: (aɫβujˈʃek), modern Valencian spelling: Albuixec, Spanish: Albuixech) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Nord in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Albuixech	Spain
country	The Mail and Empire was formed from the 1895 merger of The Toronto Mail and Toronto Empire newspapers, both conservative newspapers in Toronto, Canada.	The Mail and Empire	Canada
country	Maha Chesadabodindranusorn Bridge (Thai: สะพานมหาเจษฎาบดินทรานุสรณ์, rtgs: Saphan Mahachetsadabodinthranuson, pronounced (sa.pʰāːn ma.hǎː.t͡ɕèːt.sa.dāː.bɔ̄(ː).dīn.tʰrāː.nú.sɔ̌ːn)) is a bridge in area of Mueang Nonthaburi District in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand, over the Chao Phraya River.	Maha Chesadabodindranusorn Bridge	Thailand
country	Aviano (Friulian: Avian), (Davian in Friulian language, Pleif in local dialect) is an Italian village, comune, of 9,270 inhabitants in the province of Pordenone at the foot of the Dolomites mountain range in Friuli-Venezia Giulia, northern Italy.	Aviano	Italy
country	The Neue Wache (English: New Guardhouse) is a building in Berlin, now the capital of Germany, and formerly of the Kingdom of Prussia, and the DDR.	Neue Wache	Germany
country	Məlikkənd (also, Melikkend) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məlikkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Sveti Primož na Pohorju (pronounced (ˈsʋeːti ˈpɾiːmɔʃ na ˈpoːxɔɾju)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vuzenica in northern Slovenia.	Sveti Primož na Pohorju	Slovenia
country	Laboot is a settlement in Kenya's Bungoma County.	Laboot	Kenya
country	Vərməziyar (also, Vermaziyar) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Vərməziyar	Azerbaijan
country	Wola Radziszowska (ˈvɔla rad͡ʑiˈʂɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Radziszowska	Poland
country	Fort Saint Rocco (Maltese: Forti Santu Rokku), also known as Fort Saint Roca on some maps, is a polygonal fort in Kalkara, Malta.	Fort Saint Rocco	Malta
country	Dongeradeel ( pronunciation , West Frisian: Dongeradiel) is a municipality in the northern Netherlands.	Dongeradeel	Netherlands
country	Hajjali (Persian: خاجالي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjālī) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hajjali	Iran
country	The 2010 Canadian Grand Prix (formally the XLVI Grand Prix du Canada) was the eighth round of the 2010 Formula One season.	2010 Canadian Grand Prix	Canada
country	Divageh-ye Palan (Persian: ديوگه پالان‎, also Romanized as Dīvageh-ye Pālān) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Divageh-ye Palan	Iran
country	Geelvink Channel is a feature to the east of the Houtman Abrolhos in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Western Australia, that lies between the Abrolhos and the port of Geraldton.	Geelvink Channel	Australia
country	The Golden Dogs are a pop-rock band based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Golden Dogs	Canada
country	St. Karen's High School is a private Christian high school located in Patna, Bihar, India.	St. Karen's High School	India
country	Arakkonam is one of the hottest towns in India, where the temperature can exceed 43 °C (110 °F) for several peak days in the summer.	Arakkonam	India
country	Hungaroton was the one and only record and music publisher company in Hungary for about 40 years.	Hungaroton	Hungary
country	Sungei Punggol (Malay for Punggol River; Chinese: 榜鵝河; Pinyin: Bǎng'é Hé) is a river located within the North-East Region in Singapore.	Sungei Punggol	Singapore
country	Quebrada de Cardones Natural Monument is a natural monument located in the Arica y Parinacota Region, Chile.	Quebrada de Cardones Natural Monument	Chile
country	The University of Turin (Italian: Università degli Studi di Torino, or often abbreviated to UNITO) is a university in the city of Turin in the Piedmont region of north-western Italy.	University of Turin	Italy
country	The village of Reykjahlíð has approximately 300 inhabitants and is situated on the shores of Lake Mývatn in the north of Iceland.	Reykjahlíð	Iceland
country	Vrlika is a small town and municipality in inland Split-Dalmatia County, Croatia.	Vrlika	Croatia
country	Bern Airport (IATA: BRN, ICAO: LSZB / LSMB), formerly Regionalflugplatz Bern-Belp in German, is an airport serving Bern, the capital of Switzerland.	Bern Airport	Switzerland
country	Haneda Airport International Terminal Station is a railway station at Tokyo International Airport in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan.	Haneda Airport International Terminal Station	Japan
country	Tsimshian First Nations is a treaty council based on the British Columbia Coast near Kitimat, British Columbia, Canada.	Tsimshian First Nations	Canada
country	Sipiwesk Lake is a large lake in the province of Manitoba in Canada north of Lake Winnipeg.	Sipiwesk Lake	Canada
country	Syrna (Greek: Σύρνα) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Trikolonoi, western Arcadia, Greece.	Syrna	Greece
country	Amangeldi (Kazakh: Аманкелді, Amankeldi) is a village and the administrative center of Amangeldi District in Kostanay Region of northwestern Kazakhstan.	Amangeldi	Kazakhstan
country	The Winnipeg Commodity Exchange is the former name of a derivatives market based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada now known as ICE Futures Canada.	Winnipeg Commodity Exchange	Canada
country	Mumbuluma Falls is a set of waterfalls just outside Mansa, Zambia in the Luapula Province.	Mumbuluma Falls	Zambia
country	Trevões is a village and (with the neighbouring village of Espinhosa, 4Km to the WNW) a civil parish (freguesia) in the municipality of São João da Pesqueira in the Viseu of Portugal.	Trevões	Portugal
country	Mount Edgecombe is a sugar-growing town in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, situated just north of Durban, which forms part of eThekwini, the Greater Durban Metropolitan.	Mount Edgecombe	South Africa
country	Long Puak, formerly known as Long Ballong, is a small-village found about 2 km from Long Banga in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Puak	Malaysia
country	Chinsali is a town in Chinsali District of Zambia, and is the provincial headquarters of Muchinga Province.	Chinsali	Zambia
country	Sund Church (Norwegian: Sund kyrkje) is a parish church in Sund municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Sund Church	Norway
country	Alpuente is a town and municipality in the province of Valencia, part of Valencia (autonomous community), Spain.	Alpuente	Spain
country	Lwówek Śląski County (Polish: powiat lwówecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Lwówek Śląski County	Poland
country	Huilo-Huilo Biological Reserve (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈwilo ˈwilo) audio , Pronounced: /ˈwiːloʊ ˈwiːloʊ/ WEEL-oh-WEEL-oh) is a private for profit natural reserve and ecotourism project in southern Chile.	Huilo-Huilo Biological Reserve	Chile
country	The Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences (``KIMS'') is the medical school of the KIIT University situated in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India.	Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences	India
country	Zeče pri Bučah (pronounced (ˈzeːtʃɛ pɾi ˈbuːtʃax)) is a settlement west of Buče in the Municipality of Kozje in eastern Slovenia.	Zeče pri Bučah	Slovenia
country	The Puerta Bab al-Mardum, or Puerta de Valmardón, is a city gate of Toledo, Spain.	Puerta Bab al-Mardum	Spain
country	Nuggikeri Hanuman Temple is situated around 14 km from Dharwad, Karnataka, India.	Nuggikeri	India
country	Roskovec (definite Albanian form: Roskoveci) is a town and a municipality in Fier County, south-central Albania.	Roskovec	Albania
country	The Sydney International (formerly known as the Championship of New South Wales and New South Wales Open, with various title sponsors), sponsored as the Apia International Sydney as of 2012, is a professional tennis tournament in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Sydney International	Australia
country	Lumarzo was annexed to the newly unified Kingdom of Italy in 1861.	Lumarzo	Italy
country	Kildare County F.C. (Irish: Cumann Peile Chontae Chill Dara) was an Irish football club that played in the League of Ireland.	Kildare County F.C.	Ireland
country	Klapkalnciems (German: Kneis) is a part of the Engure municipality (Latvian: Engures novads) in Latvia on the seashore of the Baltic sea on the Bay of Riga.	Klapkalnciems	Latvia
country	Berat is a city and a municipality located in south-central Albania, and the capital of the County of Berat.	Berat	Albania
country	Taiaroa Head is a headland at the end of the Otago Peninsula in New Zealand, overlooking the mouth of the Otago Harbour.	Taiaroa Head	New Zealand
country	Dulovce (Hungarian: Újgyalla) is village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Dulovce	Slovakia
country	Nemyriv Raion (Ukrainian: Немирівський район) (transliteration from Ukrainian Nemyrivskyi Raion) is a raion (district) in Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine.	Nemyriv Raion	Ukraine
country	Snoul Wildlife Sanctuary is located in eastern Cambodia on the border to Vietnam.	Snoul Wildlife Sanctuary	Cambodia
country	Stary Węgrzynów (ˈstarɨ vɛŋˈɡʐɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stary Węgrzynów	Poland
country	Sind University railway station (Urdu: سندھ یونیورسٹی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Pakistan.	Sind University railway station	Pakistan
country	Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk (Russian: Ю́жно-Сахали́нск) is a city and the administrative center of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia.	Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk	Russia
country	Qaleh Shisheh (Persian: قلعه شيشه‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Shīsheh and Qal``eh-ye Shīsheh) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 377, in 93 families.	Qaleh Shisheh	Iran
country	Tweeddale, Ettrick and Lauderdale was a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1983.	Tweeddale, Ettrick and Lauderdale	United Kingdom
country	The Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve is a national nature reserve in the West African nation of Niger.	Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve	Niger
country	Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre (commonly known as Amsterdam RAI) is a complex of conference and exhibition halls in the Zuidas business district of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre	Netherlands
country	Cabarete Bay is a bay on the northern coastline of the Dominican Republic.	Cabarete Bay	Dominican Republic
country	Slavonice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈslavoɲɪtsɛ); German: Zlabings) is a town situated in the southwest of Moravia on the border with South Bohemia, Czech Republic, about a kilometre from the Austrian border with about 2,700 inhabitants.	Slavonice	Czech Republic
country	Serpa (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsɛɾpɐ)) is a city and a municipality in Portugal, in Alentejo Region.	Serpa	Portugal
country	La Durande, a lava dome, is one of the highest volcanic peaks in the Chaîne des Puys in France and peaks at 1299 metres.	La Durande	France
country	Santo Domingo Oeste is a municipality of the Santo Domingo province in the Dominican Republic.	Santo Domingo Oeste	Dominican Republic
country	Peristeri (Greek: Περιστέρι, standing for ``pigeon/dove'' in Greek) is a suburban municipality in the northwestern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Peristeri	Greece
country	Shahr-e Jadid-e Parand (Persian: شهرجديدپرند‎, also Romanized as Shahr-e Jadīd-e Parand) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District, in the Central District of Robat Karim County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Jadid-e Parand	Iran
country	Edifício Santos Dumont is an office skyscraper with a circular footprint located in the Centro neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Edifício Santos Dumont	Brazil
country	San Giuseppe delle Scalze a Pontecorvo is a church, located in Salita Pontecorvo, in the historical center of Naples, Italy.	San Giuseppe delle Scalze a Pontecorvo	Italy
country	Aberfoyle Park High School is one of the largest public secondary schools in South Australia.	Aberfoyle Park High School	Australia
country	Unorganized Kenora District is an unorganized area in northwestern Ontario, Canada, in Kenora District.	Unorganized Kenora District	Canada
country	Waylla Tarpuna (Quechua waylla meadow, tarpuy to sow, -na a suffix, ``where the meadow is sown'', hispanicized spelling Huayllatarpuna) is a mountain in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,300 metres (17,388 ft) high.	Waylla Tarpuna	Peru
country	Dilijan (Armenian: Դիլիջան), is a spa town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Dilijan	Armenia
country	Windsor Secondary School is a grade 8-12 high school in North Vancouver, British Columbia Canada.	Windsor Secondary School	Canada
country	The Stone Mushrooms (Bulgarian: Каменните гъби) is a rock phenomenon near Beli plast village in Bulgaria, on the road between Haskovo and Kardzhali.	The Stone Mushrooms	Bulgaria
country	Rashkin (Persian: رشكين‎, also Romanized as Rashkīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Rashkin	Iran
country	Piskó is a village in Baranya county, Hungary, a small region of Sellyei.	Piskó	Hungary
country	The Hospital del Divino Salvador was the first hospital established in Mexico City for the treatment of mentally ill women.	Hospital del Divino Salvador	Mexico
country	Vaneli or Wanel (Georgian: ვანელი; Ossetian: Уанел, Wanel) is a settlement in the Dzau district of South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.	Vaneli	Georgia
country	The Gungahlin Drive Extension (or the GDE) is a freeway grade roadway, largely located in the Belconnen district of Canberra, Australia.	Gungahlin Drive Extension	Australia
country	Kolej Yayasan UEM or KYUEM (formerly known as Kolej Matrikulasi Yayasan Saad) is a Malaysian private residential school situated in Lembah Beringin, Selangor, Malaysia.	Kolej Yayasan UEM	Malaysia
country	Spodnje Vrtiče (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈvəɾtitʃɛ)) is a dispersed settlement in the western Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) north of Zgornja Kungota in the Municipality of Kungota in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnje Vrtiče	Slovenia
country	Zakalinki-Kolonia (zakaˈlʲiŋkʲi kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zakalinki-Kolonia	Poland
country	The isolated San Martin Tuxtla volcano is a shield volcano which rises above the Gulf of Mexico.	San Martin Tuxtla	Mexico
country	Situated in the extreme southwest corner of Portugal (and also continental Europe), the municipality of Vila do Bispo is located within the Barlavento Algarvio, the southwestern Algarvean coast, surrounded on its southern and western frontiers by the Atlantic Ocean.	Vila do Bispo	Portugal
country	Barentsburg Heliport, Heerodden (Norwegian: Barentsburg helikopterhavn, Heerodden; ICAO: ENBA) is a private heliport located at Heerodden (also known as Kapp Heer), serving the mining town of Barentsburg in Svalbard, Norway.	Barentsburg Heliport, Heerodden	Norway
country	Povir (pronounced (pɔˈʋiːɾ) or (ˈpɔːʋiɾ); Italian: Poverio) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Povir	Slovenia
country	Boszczynek (bɔʂˈt͡ʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Boszczynek	Poland
country	Pręczki (ˈprɛnt͡ʂki) (German: Striemen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Pręczki	Poland
country	Canaveilles (Catalan: Canavelles) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Canaveilles	France
country	Paung Township (Burmese: ပေါင်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Thaton District in the Mon State of Myanmar.	Paung Township	Myanmar
country	Ghatlodiya is a neighbourhood in the city of Ahmedabad in the state of Gujarat, India.	Ghatlodiya	India
country	Lisovyi masyv (Ukrainian: Лісовий масив; Russian: Лесной массив literally: Forest neighbourhood) is a neighbourhood located in the northeast part of the city of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Lisovyi masyv	Ukraine
country	Syada (Nepali: स्यादा) is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal.	Syada	Nepal
country	The Rosa-Luxemburg-Platz (English: Rosa Luxemburg Square) is a square in Berlin-Mitte, Germany.	Rosa-Luxemburg-Platz	Germany
country	Zentraler Omnibusbahnhof München (ZOB) is a central bus station located in Maxvorstadt, Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Zentraler Omnibusbahnhof München	Germany
country	Krásnohorská Dlhá Lúka (Hungarian: Várhosszúrét) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Krásnohorská Dlhá Lúka	Slovakia
country	Rødkleiva is a hill located in Nordmarka in Oslo, Norway.	Rødkleiva	Norway
country	The Eshkol Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית אשכול‎, Mo'atza Ezorit Eshkol) is a regional council in the north-western Negev, in Israel's Southern District.	Eshkol Regional Council	Israel
country	Sint-Gillis-bij-Dendermonde is a part of the municipality of Dendermonde in the Denderstreek in East Flanders in Belgium, a typical agricultural village in the Dendervallei near the junction of the railroads to Ghent, Mechelen and Brussels.	Sint-Gillis-bij-Dendermonde	Belgium
country	The Diocese of Møre (Norwegian: Møre bispedømme) is a diocese in the Church of Norway which geographically consists of Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Diocese of Møre	Norway
country	Rani Durgawati Museum is a museum situated in Jabalpur city in Madhya Pradesh state of India.	Rani Durgawati Museum	India
country	Harran (Turkish: Harran, Ottoman Turkish: حران‎,) was a major ancient city in Upper Mesopotamia whose site is near the modern village of Altınbaşak, Turkey, 44 kilometers southeast of Şanlıurfa.	Harran	Turkey
country	UTC+09:45 had been used as a time in Australia (Central Western Summer Time, or CWST).	UTC+09:45	Australia
country	Bengtsheden is a locality situated in Falun Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with 530 inhabitants in 2010.	Bengtsheden	Sweden
country	North Rajupalem is a major village in Kodavalur mandal, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	North Rajupalem	India
country	University of Toronto Schools (UTS) is an independent secondary day school affiliated with the University of Toronto in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	University of Toronto Schools	Canada
country	Metoq (Greek: Μετόχι Metochi) is a village in Vlorë County, southwestern Albania.	Metoq	Albania
country	Agidel (Russian: Агиде́ль; Bashkir: Ағиҙел, Ağidhel; Tatar: Cyrillic Агыйдел, Latin Ağıdel) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located near the border with the Republic of Tatarstan.	Agidel	Russia
country	The Prawn Cocktail Offensive was the scornful name given to the British Labour Party's successful attempt (while in opposition in the 1990s) to win trust and backing from the United Kingdom's financial sector.	Prawn Cocktail Offensive	United Kingdom
country	Coonoor ( pronunciation ) is a Taluk and a municipality in the Nilgiris district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Coonoor	India
country	Thierberg is a mountain located in the north and southwest of the town of Kiefersfelden and thus extends over the border between Austria and Germany and it extends up to Bavaria, Germany but the most part is in Tyrol.	Thierberg	Austria	Germany
country	Tekel evolved into the sole manufacturer and distributor of all alcohol and tobacco products in Turkey.	Tekel	Turkey
country	Abenteuermuseum (Saarbrücken) is a former museum in Saarland, Germany, which was founded by the deceased Heinz Rox-Schulz.	Abenteuermuseum (Saarbrücken)	Germany
country	Šentrupert (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtɾuːpɛɾt) or (ʃənˈtɾuːpɛɾt); German: Sankt Ruprecht) is a village in the traditional Lower Carniola region in southeastern Slovenia.	Šentrupert	Slovenia
country	Borun Qeshlaq (Persian: برون قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Borūn Qeshlāq; also known as Bīrūn Qeshlāq) is a village in Qezel Gechilu Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Borun Qeshlaq	Iran
country	The Brkini Hills (pronounced (bəɾˈkiːni); Slovene: Brkini; Croatian: Brkinija) is a hilly region in southwestern Slovenia.	Brkini Hills	Slovenia
country	Trpčane (pronounced (təɾpˈtʃaːnɛ); Italian: Terciane) is a village southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Trpčane	Slovenia
country	Kneblowo (knɛˈblɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kneblowo	Poland
country	Bədirli (also, Bedirli and Byaderli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bədirli	Azerbaijan
country	Shaw Multicultural Channel (or simply SMC) is a multicultural cable television community channel in Canada, offering programming in 25 different languages.	Shaw Multicultural Channel	Canada
country	Kuleje (kuˈlɛjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kuleje	Poland
country	Río Abajo is a corregimiento within Panama City, in Panamá District, Panamá Province, Panama with a population of 26,607 as of 2010.	Río Abajo	Panama
country	The Avenue Hoche is an avenue in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Avenue Hoche	France
country	Zerendi (Kazakh: Зеренді) is a small town in northern-central Kazakhstan, located 45 kilometres from Kokshetau.	Zerendi	Kazakhstan
country	Jírova hill (Czech: Jírova hora) is a hill situated between the villages of Zbečník, Rokytník and Velký Dřevíč, approximately 1 km northwest from the centre of the town Hronov, Czech Republic.	Jírova hill	Czech Republic
country	Zona Rosa de Bogotá (the ``Bogotá Pink Zone'') is a neighborhood in Bogotá, Colombia with many pubs, restaurants, malls, shops and discos.	Zona Rosa de Bogotá	Colombia
country	Qeshlaq-e Charkhlu (Persian: قشلاق چرخلو‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Charkhlū and Qeshlāq-e Jerkhlū; also known as Qeshlāq and Qishlāq) is a village in Ebrahimabad Rural District, Ramand District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Charkhlu	Iran
country	The , or JAXA, is Japan's national aero-space agency.	JAXA	Japan
country	Val Rendena is the valley of the Sarca river in Trentino, northern Italy.	Val Rendena	Italy
country	Kfar Saba (Hebrew: כְּפַר סָבָא, lit. ``Grandfather's Village''), officially Kfar Sava, is a city in the Sharon region, of the Center District of Israel.	Kfar Saba	Israel
country	Tana Tidung Regency is a regency of North Kalimantan Province in Indonesia.	Tana Tidung Regency	Indonesia
country	Dasht-e Khowrdeh (Persian: دشت خورده‎; also known as Dasht-e Kharzeh) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District, in the Central District of Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Khowrdeh	Iran
country	In the context of an internationalization policy after consolidation on the internal Spanish market, Nutrexpa expanded to Portugal where it sells the same products as in Spain in view of the proximity and affinity between the two markets.	Nutrexpa	Spain
country	Park Lane International School is a private, co-educational international school based in Prague, Czech Republic.	Park Lane International School	Czech Republic
country	The Swiss coordinate system (or Swiss grid) is a geographic coordinate system used in Switzerland for maps and surveying by the Swiss Federal Office of Topography (Swisstopo).	Swiss coordinate system	Switzerland
country	Hrastišta (Serbian: Храстишта) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Hrastišta	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The 1988 European Cup Final was a football match played between PSV Eindhoven of the Netherlands and Benfica of Portugal.	1988 European Cup Final	Netherlands
country	The Slovene Union (Slovene: Slovenska skupnost, Italian: Unione Slovena, SSk) is a centrist political party in Italy representing the Slovene minority in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region.	Slovene Union	Italy
country	Oedong-eup is an eup or a town in the subdivision of the Gyeongju City, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Oedong-eup	South Korea
country	The Sophia Range is a low, small mountain range on southern Nootka Island, forming a peninsula west of Tahsis Inlet, between Esperanza Inlet and Nuchatlitz Inlet, British Columbia, Canada.	Sophia Range	Canada
country	Lola Island is an island in the Solomon Islands; it is located within Vona Vona Lagoon in the Western Province.	Lola Island	Solomon Islands
country	Szerenosy (ʂɛrɛˈnɔsɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szerenosy	Poland
country	Nagau is a mountain range located in the Kalat District of Balochistan, Pakistan.	Nagau	Pakistan
country	Adare Manor is a manor house located on the banks of the River Maigue in the village of Adare, County Limerick, Ireland, the former seat of the Earl of Dunraven and Mount-Earl.	Adare Manor	Ireland
country	Rumpo is a village in Vormsi Parish, Lääne County in western Estonia.	Rumpo	Estonia
country	The Weiti River is an estuarine river to the north of Auckland in the North Island of New Zealand.	Weiti River	New Zealand
country	The Paria Peninsula, (Spanish: Península de Paria), is a large peninsula on the Caribbean Sea, in Sucre State, northern Venezuela.	Paria Peninsula	Venezuela
country	My Darkest Days'' first major--label single, ``Porn Star Dancing,'' went gold in Canada and in the United States.	My Darkest Days	Canada
country	Mandoori is an administrative unit known as ``Union Council'' of Kohat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Mandoori	Pakistan
country	Kiev Planetarium (previously Republican Planetarium; Ukrainian: Київський планетарій) in Kiev, Ukraine is one of the largest planetaria in the CIS (former Soviet states).	Kiev Planetarium	Ukraine
country	Pilathara is a small town near Payyannur in the Kannur district of Kerala, India.	Pilathara	India
country	Maha Sarakham is the capital city of Maha Sarakham Province in Thailand's northeastern (Isan) region.	Maha Sarakham	Thailand
country	İbaxlı (also, İsaxlı, Ibakhly, Isakly, and İsaqlı) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İbaxlı	Azerbaijan
country	Tkvarcheli (Georgian: ტყვარჩელი; Abkhaz: Тҟəарчал, Tqwarchal; Russian: Ткуарчал or Ткварчели, Tkuarchal or Tkvarcheli) is a town in Abkhazia, Georgia.	Tkvarcheli	Georgia
country	Laiwangi Wanggameti National Park is located on the island of Sumba in Indonesia.	Laiwangi Wanggameti National Park	Indonesia
country	The Bern University of Applied Sciences (BUAS; German: Berner Fachhochschule, BFH) is a public vocational university with campuses in Bern, Biel, Burgdorf, Magglingen, and Zollikofen, Switzerland.	Bern University of Applied Sciences	Switzerland
country	The Bilbao Fine Arts Museum (Spanish: Museo de Bellas Artes de Bilbao, Basque: Bilboko Arte Ederren Museoa) is an art museum located in the city of Bilbao, Spain.	Bilbao Fine Arts Museum	Spain
country	Gamonal is located in the middle of Spain, in the northwestern part of Toledo province, 30 km south of the Sierra de Gredos, 10 km north of the river Tagus, 130 km southwest of Madrid, 105 km south of Ávila and 98 km west of the city of Toledo.	Gamonal	Spain
country	Missinipi Broadcasting Corporation, or MBC Radio, is a radio network in Canada, serving First Nations and Métis communities in the province of Saskatchewan.	Missinipi Broadcasting Corporation	Canada
country	Karavomylos (Greek: Καραβόμυλος) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Sami, on the island of Cephalonia, Greece.	Karavomylos	Greece
country	The Perhentian Islands (Pulau Perhentian in Malay) lie approximately 10 nautical miles (19 km) off the northeastern coast of West Malaysia in the state of Terengganu.	Perhentian Islands	Malaysia
country	Sodankylä Airfield (Finnish: Sodankylän lentokenttä; IATA: SOT, ICAO: EFSO) is an airfield in Sodankylä, Lapland, Finland, located 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sodankylä municipal centre.	Sodankylä Airfield	Finland
country	Ou Raadsaal (also known as Old Council Chamber, Old Government Building, and Republikeinse Raadsaal) was the Parliament Building of the Transvaal Republic Government in Pretoria, South Africa.	Ou Raadsaal	South Africa
country	Mielagėnai (Polish: Mielegiany) is a town in Ignalina district municipality, in Utena County, southern Lithuania.	Mielagėnai	Lithuania
country	Śniedzanowo (ɕɲed͡zaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Śniedzanowo	Poland
country	Placencia Football Field is a football stadium based in Placencia, Belize.	Placencia Football Field	Belize
country	Onseepkans is a small settlement on the banks of the Orange River in Northern Cape Province, South Africa.	Onseepkans	South Africa
country	Lygten Station is a former railway station in the Nordvest district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Lygten Station	Denmark
country	The Inangahua River is located in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island.	Inangahua River	New Zealand
country	Castropodame (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkastɾopoˈðame)) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain) .	Castropodame	Spain
country	Batyń (ˈbatɨɲ) (formerly German Battin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Batyń	Poland
country	The Hunter Valley Important Bird Area is a 560 km2 tract of land around Cessnock in central-eastern New South Wales, Australia.	Hunter Valley Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Safana is a Local Government Area in Katsina State, Nigeria.	Safana	Nigeria
country	Ponte Alta is a city in Santa Catarina, in the Southern Region of Brazil.	Ponte Alta	Brazil
country	Qaa (Arabic: القاع), El Qaa, Al Qaa or Masharih al-Qaa is a town in Beqaa Governorate, Lebanon.	Qaa	Lebanon
country	Rude Boy Records is a European independent record label focusing in underground hip hop and rap based in Germany.	Rude Boy Records	Germany
country	The Lopburi River (Thai: แม่น้ำลพบุรี, rtgs: Maenam Lop Buri, Thai pronunciation: (mɛ̂ːnáːm lóp buriː)) is a tributary of the Chao Phraya River in central Thailand.	Lopburi River	Thailand
country	Pyhäjärvi (Saarijärvi) is a medium-sized lake of Central Finland, located in the northern side of Saarijärvi municipality´s center.	Pyhäjärvi (Saarijärvi)	Finland
country	Coburg City Oval (currently known by the sponsored name Piranha Park) is an Australian rules football and cricket stadium located in Coburg, Australia.	Coburg City Oval	Australia
country	Badu Island Airport (IATA: BDD, ICAO: YBAU) is an airport on Badu Island, Queensland, Australia.	Badu Island Airport	Australia
country	Thrypti (Greek: Θρυπτή, also Θρυπτής Ορη - Thryptis Ori) is a mountain range in Lasithi in eastern Crete, Greece.	Thrypti	Greece
country	Quảng Trị ( listen) is a city in Quảng Trị Province in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Quảng Trị	Vietnam
country	Llangattock-Vibon-Avel (Welsh: Llangatwg Feibion Afel) is a rural parish in Monmouthshire, south east Wales, in the United Kingdom.	Llangattock-Vibon-Avel	United Kingdom
country	Tampere University of Technology (TUT) (Finnish: Tampereen teknillinen yliopisto (TTY)) is Finland's second-largest university in engineering sciences.	Tampere University of Technology	Finland
country	Sharran (Arabic: شران‎, also spelled Sharan or Shiran) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo near the Turkish border.	Sharran	Syria
country	Escondida is a copper mine in the Atacama Desert in Antofagasta Region, Chile.	Escondida	Chile
country	Villa Wolkonsky (in Italian, the word villa usually includes not only a large building but also its grounds) is the official residence of the British ambassador to Italy in Rome.	Villa Wolkonsky	Italy
country	Narbonne (French pronunciation: ​(naʁ.bɔn); Occitan: Narbona, Occitan pronunciation: (naɾ.ˈbu.no); Latin: Narbo) is a commune in southern France in the Languedoc-Roussillon region.	Narbonne	France
country	The Los Amigos River (``Friends River'', Spanish: Río los Amigos) is a river that flows through the Amazon rainforest in the Madre de Dios Region in southeastern Peru.	Los Amigos River	Peru
country	Saint Roch Cemetery (French: Cimetière Saint-Roch) is the first municipal cemetery in the city of Grenoble, France.	Saint Roch Cemetery	France
country	The Florence Baptistery (Italian: Battistero di San Giovanni), also known as the Baptistery of Saint John, is a religious building in Florence, Italy, and has the status of a minor basilica.	Florence Baptistery	Italy
country	On 9 November 1789 the National Constituent Assembly, formerly the Estates-General of 1789, moved its deliberations from Versailles to the Tuileries in pursuit of Louis XVI of France and installed itself in the Salle du Manège on the palace grounds.	Salle du Manège	France
country	New Vision Gallery was a contemporary craft and art gallery operating in Auckland, New Zealand in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.	New Vision Gallery	New Zealand
country	The Communität Christusbruderschaft Selbitz (CCB) (Community of the Christ-Brotherhood Selbitz) is a mixed Religious Order in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria in Germany.	Communität Christusbruderschaft Selbitz	Germany
country	Timotesubani (Georgian: ტიმოთესუბანი) is a medieval Georgian Orthodox Christian monastic complex located at the eponymous village in the Borjomi Gorge, Georgia's Samtskhe-Javakheti region.	Timotesubani	Georgia
country	Qazi Khan-e Sofla (Persian: قاضي خان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qāẕī Khān-e Soflá; also known as Qāẕī Khān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Qazi Khan-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Gold Medal of the City of Milan was a French medal issued in 1909 to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of France's 1859 Italian campaign, an intervention in the Second Italian War of Independence.	Gold Medal of the City of Milan	France
country	Rempart Mountain is a mountain near Tamarin in the western Mauritius district of Rivière Noire.	Rempart Mountain	Mauritius
country	Thai Post (Thai: ไทยโพสต์) is a daily Thai-language newspaper in Thailand.	Thai Post	Thailand
country	Wardama (Arabic: وردامة‎) is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Bayda, Libya.	Wardama	Libya
country	Kvarkush (Russian: Кваркуш) is a mountain range in North Ural, in Perm Krai, Russia.	Kvarkush	Russia
country	The Shire of Etheridge is a local government area in Far North Queensland, Australia in what is known as the Savannah Gulf region.	Shire of Etheridge	Australia
country	Keelung, officially known as Keelung City (Chinese: 基隆市; also Jilong or Chilung), is a major port city situated in the northeastern part of Taiwan.	Keelung	Taiwan
country	Markham Transit was a transit system for the town of Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Markham Transit	Canada
country	The University of Music Detmold (German: Hochschule für Musik Detmold) is one of Germany's leading university-level schools of music, situated in Detmold, Germany.	Hochschule für Musik Detmold	Germany
country	The Upper Galilee Regional Council (Hebrew: מוֹעָצָה אֲזוֹרִית הַגָּלִיל הַעֶלְיוֹן, translit. Mo'atza Azorit HaGalil HaElyon) is a regional council in Israel's Upper Galilee region, bordered by the Mevo'ot HaHermon Regional Council and the Golan Regional Council, as well as a border with southern Lebanon.	Upper Galilee Regional Council	Israel
country	Cichawa (t͡ɕiˈxava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Cichawa	Poland
country	Stack Island is an island game reserve, with an area of 23.7 ha and a high point 54 m above sea-level, in Bass Strait, south-eastern Australia.	Stack Island	Australia
country	Lang Island (Dutch: ``Long''; modern Indonesian: Rakata Kecil or Panjang) lies in the Sunda Strait, between Java and Sumatra, in Indonesia.	Lang Island	Indonesia
country	The Château de Méréville is a chateau in Méréville in the valley of the Juine, France.	Château de Méréville	France
country	The University of Port Elizabeth (UPE) was a public university located in Port Elizabeth in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	University of Port Elizabeth	South Africa
country	Fort Frances Municipal Airport (IATA: YAG, ICAO: CYAG) is located 2.2 nautical miles (4.1 km; 2.5 mi) northwest of Fort Frances, Ontario, Canada.	Fort Frances Municipal Airport	Canada
country	Mactan Island Aquarium visitor attraction is the first of its kind in the Visayas and the only public aquarium outside of Luzon on all of the 7107 islands of the Philippines.	Mactan Island Aquarium	Philippines
country	After Albania fell to Italian rule in 1939, the Italian authorities banned the two daily newspapers of Tirana (Shtypi and Drita) and Fashizmi was set up to fill the void and convey the official Italian positions to the Albanian populace.	Fashizmi	Albania
country	Villa Muñoz - Retiro is a barrio (neighbourhood or district) of Montevideo, Uruguay.	Villa Muñoz	Uruguay
country	Jelarji (pronounced (ˈjeːlaɾji); Italian: Elleri) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy.	Jelarji	Slovenia
country	Khiva (Uzbek: Xiva Хива; Persian: خیوه‎‎ Khiveh; Russian: Хива; alternative or historical names include Khorasam, Khoresm, Khwarezm, Khwarizm, Khwarazm, Chorezm, and Persian: خوارزم‎‎) is a city of approximately 50,000 people located in Xorazm Region, Uzbekistan.	Khiva	Uzbekistan
country	Ubon Ratchathani Main Line or Lower Isan Line is a railway line in Thailand.	Ubon Ratchathani Main Line	Thailand
country	The Tabin Wildlife Reserve (Malay: Taman Hidupan Liar Tabin) is a nature preserve in Sabah, Malaysia, on the island of Borneo.	Tabin Wildlife Reserve	Malaysia
country	Ishkoshim District or Nohiya-i Ishkoshim (Tajik: Ноҳияи Ишкошим/Persian: ناحیه اشکاشم‎) is a district in east Tajikistan, in the extreme south-west of the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province (GBAO).	Ishkoshim District	Tajikistan
country	Gurha Salim Airport (IATA: XJM, ICAO: OP 922) is situated 13 km (8 mi) from the city centre of Jhelum, Pakistan.	Gurha Salim Airport	Pakistan
country	Prince Mahidol Hall (Thai: มหิดลสิทธาคาร Mahidol Sittha-kharn) is a concert hall of Mahidol University and the largest concert hall of Thailand, located in Phutthamonthon District, Nakhon Pathom.	Prince Mahidol Hall	Thailand
country	Falaoigo is an uninhabited islet of Funafuti, Tuvalu.	Falaoigo	Tuvalu
country	Wingham (Inglis Field) Aerodrome, (TC LID: CWH5), is a registered aerodrome located 1.2 nautical miles (2.2 km; 1.4 mi) northwest of Wingham, Ontario, Canada.	Wingham (Inglis Field) Aerodrome	Canada
country	Yvias (Breton: Eviaz, Gallo: Ivinyac) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Yvias	France
country	Waterton Lakes National Park is a national park located in the southwest corner of Alberta, Canada, and borders Glacier National Park in Montana, United States.	Waterton Lakes National Park	Canada
country	Monte Penoso is a mountain on the island of Maio, Cape Verde.	Monte Penoso	Cape Verde
country	The Kambui Hills Forest Reserve occupies an area of 14,335 hectares in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone.	Kambui Hills Forest Reserve	Sierra Leone
country	Mount Cardrona in Central Otago, New Zealand is 1,936 metres (6,352 feet) in height and most easily accessed from the Cardrona Ski Field.	Mount Cardrona	New Zealand
country	Qarah Aghol (Persian: قره اغل‎, also Romanized as Qarah Āghol) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Aghol	Iran
country	Estiaiotida (Greek: Εστιαιώτιδα) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Estiaiotida	Greece
country	FC Kharkiv (Ukrainian: ФК ``Харків'') was a professional football club based in Kharkiv, Ukraine.	FC Kharkiv	Ukraine
country	The University of Library Studies and Information Technologies has got university status by a resolution of the National Assembly of Bulgaria of 29 September 2010.	University of Library Studies and Information Technologies	Bulgaria
country	Batha Ouest or Batha West is one of the three departments which make up the region of Batha in Chad.	Batha Ouest	Chad
country	Abu Disher, also known as Abu Disheer, is a neighborhood of Baghdad, Iraq.	Abu Disher	Iraq
country	The A-Trane is a jazz club in Berlin, Germany.	A-Trane	Germany
country	The University of Arezzo (Studium Aretino) is an ancient university founded in 1215 and located in the town of Arezzo in the Tuscany region of Italy which has declined in importance since it was overtaken by newer Italian universities.	University of Arezzo	Italy
country	Tigzirt is a small town on the coast of northeast Algeria in Tizi Ouzou Province.	Tigzirt	Algeria
country	The Royal Adelaide Golf Club (often referred to as Seaton) is a private golf club in Adelaide, South Australia.	Royal Adelaide Golf Club	Australia
country	The Château de Rochemont was built in the late 18th century in Ruffosses, near Saussemesnil, Normandy, France, by ancestors of the De Mondesir family (who owned the property in the 20th century), who managed to hold on to their property despite the French Revolution due to their support for it.	Château de Rochemont	France
country	Ali Sami Yen Sports Complex or Ali Sami Yen Spor Kompleksi is a new multi-purpose sports complex in the Şişli district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Ali Sami Yen Sports Complex	Turkey
country	The Canton of Bellegarde-en-Marche is a former canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.	Canton of Bellegarde-en-Marche	France
country	Temse (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɛmsə)) is a municipality in East Flanders, Belgium.	Temse	Belgium
country	Isparta Süleyman Demirel Airport (IATA: ISE, ICAO: LTFC) (Turkish: Isparta Süleyman Demirel Havalimanı), inaugurated on July 21, 1997, is an airport serving the city of Isparta in south-western Turkey.	Isparta Süleyman Demirel Airport	Turkey
country	Brétigny-sur-Orge (pronounced: (bʁe.ti.ɲi.syʁ.ɔʁʒ)) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France, 26.7 km (16.6 mi) from the city center.	Brétigny-sur-Orge	France
country	The Gediminas Bridge (Lithuanian: Gedimino tiltas) is a bridge in Kupiškis, Lithuania.	Gediminas Bridge	Lithuania
country	Qarah Sufi (Persian: قره صوفي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Şūfī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Sufi	Iran
country	Bahman District (Persian: بخش بهمن‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bahman District	Iran
country	Kharameh (Persian: خرامه‎, also Romanized as Kharāmeh, Karameh and Kherāmeh) is a city in and the capital of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kharameh	Iran
country	Serra da Estrela Natural Park is situated in the largest mountain range in Portugal - the Serra da Estrela, and is the source of the rivers Mondego, Zêzere (tributary of the Tagus), and Alva.	Serra da Estrela Natural Park	Portugal
country	Tumtum Lake is a small lake located in the Upper Adams River valley in the Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Tumtum Lake	Canada
country	Unterleinach is a village situated outside of Würzburg, Germany.	Unterleinach	Germany
country	Bandpey-ye Gharbi District (Persian: بخش بندپی غربی‎, meaning ``Western Bandpey District'') is a district (bakhsh) in Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bandpey-ye Gharbi District	Iran
country	Monte Chiadenis (Friulian: Cjadenis) is a peak in the Carnic Alps, northern Italy, located between the comuni of Sappada and Forni Avoltri.	Monte Chiadenis	Italy
country	Aubigny-la-Ronce is a French commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Burgundy region of eastern France.	Aubigny-la-Ronce	France
country	Wielkolas (vjɛlˈkɔlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Abramów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wielkolas	Poland
country	The Orto Botanico Conservativo Francesco Busnello (4000 m²) is a botanical garden operated by the Accademia Trevigiana per il Territorio, and located on Viale Nazioni Unite, Treviso, Veneto, Italy.	Orto Botanico Conservativo Francesco Busnello	Italy
country	Pooncarie Airport (ICAO: YPCE) is located at Pooncarie, New South Wales, Australia.	Pooncarie Airport	Australia
country	Southdown Power Station was a natural gas-fired combined cycle gas turbine cogeneration power station in Southdown, a suburb in southern Auckland City, New Zealand.	Southdown Power Station	New Zealand
country	The Palmach Museum (Hebrew: מוזיאון הפלמ``ח‎) is a museum located in Ramat Aviv, Israel dedicated to the Palmach, the strike-force of the pre-state underground Haganah defense organization, which was later integrated into the Israel Defense Forces.	Palmach Museum	Israel
country	Zladovska planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Зладовска планина) is a mountain in southern Serbia, near the town of Trgovište.	Zladovska planina	Serbia
country	The Château du Touvet is a French castle built in the 13th century, with a garden à la française and a water garden built in the 18th century, located between Grenoble and Chambéry in the Isére Department of the Rhône-Alpes Region of France.	Château du Touvet	France
country	Špeharji (pronounced (ʃpɛˈxaːɾji); German: Neschawas) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Špeharji	Slovenia
country	Gare de Strasbourg, officially gare de Strasbourg-Ville, is the main railway station in the commune of Strasbourg, in Bas-Rhin, France.	Gare de Strasbourg	France
country	Sahryń-Kolonia (ˈsaxrɨɲ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sahryń-Kolonia	Poland
country	Løgstør is a town with a population of 4,284 (1 January 2014) and a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region Nordjylland on the Jutland Peninsula in northern Denmark.	Løgstør	Denmark
country	Tanglin Trust School (TTS) is an international school in Singapore run as a not-for-profit organisation.	Tanglin Trust School	Singapore
country	Sundal or Sunndal is the largest village in the Mauranger district of Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Sundal	Norway
country	The Vizovice Highlands (in Czech, Vizovická vrchovina) is an area of relatively modest but rugged highlands within the Zlin Region of the Czech Republic, named for the town of Vizovice.	Vizovice Highlands	Czech Republic
country	Svirka (Russian: Свирка) is a village in Udomelsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Svirka	Russia
country	Dukla (ˈdukla) is a town and an eponymous municipality in southeastern Poland, in the Subcarpathian Voivodship.	Dukla	Poland
country	The 1999 World Women's Handball Championship, the 14th of its kind, was held between November 29 and December 12, 1999, and was jointly hosted by Denmark and Norway, with the finals being played in Lilehammer, Norway.	1999 World Women's Handball Championship	Denmark
country	Ime is a village in the municipality of Mandal, Norway, located at 58°2′N 7°30′E a few kilometres east of Mandal city.	Ime	Norway
country	Kfar Uria (Hebrew: כְּפַר אוּרִיָּה, lit. Uriah Village) is a moshav in central Israel.	Kfar Uria	Israel
country	The Battle of Campomorto is a battle fought near Frosinone, in the Lazio (Italy) on August 21, 1482, in the course of the War of Ferrara.	Battle of Campomorto	Italy
country	Zell am See Airport (German: Flugplatz Zell am See, ICAO: LOWZ) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Zell am See, Salzburg, Austria.	Zell am See Airport	Austria
country	Tây Ninh, Vietnam ( listen) is a provincial city in southwestern Vietnam.	Tây Ninh	Vietnam
country	The Port of Valencia, seaport located in Valencia, Spain.	Port of Valencia	Spain
country	Cheshmeh Joori (Persian: چشمه جوری ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District (Sistan and Baluchestan Province), in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Joori	Iran
country	Wat Chang Kham ('Temple of Elephant's Burden'; Thai: วัดช้างค้ำ) is a ruined temple that is part of the Wiang Kum Kam archaeological area, outside of Chiang Mai in northern Thailand.	Wat Chang Kham	Thailand
country	Waranwallqa (Quechua wara trousers, pants / bee, wallqa collar, hispanicized spelling Huaranhuallcca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Waranwallqa	Peru
country	Pasmo Brzanki Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Pasma Brzanki) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in southern Poland, established in 1995.	Pasmo Brzanki Landscape Park	Poland
country	North East Delhi is one of the nine administrative districts of Delhi, India.	North East Delhi	India
country	Vodochody Airport (IATA: VOD, ICAO: LKVO), also known as Aero Airport, is a private general aviation airport located in Vodochody in the Czech Republic.	Vodochody Airport	Czech Republic
country	Araxos Airport (Greek: Αεροδρόμιο Αράξου) (IATA: GPA, ICAO: LGRX) is the airport of Patras, the third-largest city in Greece.	Araxos Airport	Greece
country	Shahdad (Persian: شهداد‎, also Romanized as Shahdād; formerly, Khabīs) is a city in and the capital of Shahdad District, in Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shahdad	Iran
country	The Cueva de la Quebrada del Toro is a national park in the Sierra de Falcón in Falcón State, Venezuela.	Cueva de la Quebrada del Toro	Venezuela
country	The Modikwa mine is a large underground mine located in the north-eastern part of South Africa northwest of Burgersfort, Limpopo.	Modikwa mine	South Africa
country	Bulbjerg is a limestone cliff in northern Jutland, Denmark, facing Skagerrak.	Bulbjerg	Denmark
country	The Arboretum de Royat (41 hectares) is an arboretum located in the forêt domaniale southwest of Royat, Puy-de-Dôme, Auvergne, France.	Arboretum de Royat	France
country	Kapneh Karan (Persian: كپنه كران‎, also Romanized as Kapneh Karān; also known as Kapneh Garān and Rostam Khān) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Kapneh Karan	Iran
country	Paróquia Nossa Senhora do Bom Conselho is a parish located in the Mooca district of São Paulo, Brazil, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Campo Limpo.	Paróquia Nossa Senhora do Bom Conselho	Brazil
country	Chasm Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada located near the town of Clinton.	Chasm Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Spaniards Inn is a historic pub on Spaniards Road between Hampstead and Highgate in London, England, United Kingdom.	Spaniards Inn	United Kingdom
country	Akhfenir Wind Farm is located in 15 km from Akhfenir and 100 km from Tarfaya in Morocco and a has a total installed capacity of 200 MW.	Akhfenir Wind Farm	Morocco
country	MFM Radio is a radio station, based at Lyon (France) and created in 1981.	MFM Radio	France
date of birth	Yogesh Pratap Singh (born 1959) is a former officer in the police force of India who left to become a lawyer and activist in Mumbai.	Yogesh Pratap Singh	1959
date of birth	Perri Lister (born 10 April 1959) is an English actress, dancer, choreographer, singer, former model and screenwriter.	Perri Lister	10 April 1959
date of birth	Sir Adam Bittleston (12 September 1817 -- 18 January 1892) was a British-born Indian judge.	Adam Bittleston	12 September 1817
date of birth	Andrea Pegoraro (Camposampiero, 24 October 1966) is a former Italian pole vaulter.	Andrea Pegoraro	24 October 1966
date of birth	Siddharth Shetty (born 20 March 1996) is an Indian entrepreneur, and the founder and CEO of Fundlined.	Siddharth Shetty	20 March 1996
date of birth	Matelita Buadromo (born 15 January 1996) is a swimmer from the islands of Moala and Rotuma.	Matelita Buadromo	15 January 1996
date of birth	Duncan Wene Mighty Okechukwu (born 28 October 1983), simply known as Duncan Mighty, is a Nigerian musician, singer, and music producer from Obio-Akpor, Rivers State.	Duncan Mighty	28 October 1983
date of birth	George Byng, 6th Viscount Torrington (1768--1831) served as a Vice-Admiral in the Royal Navy.	George Byng, 6th Viscount Torrington	1768
date of birth	Miguel Piernavieja del Pozo (21 May 1916 -- 8 June 1983) was a Spanish spy for Nazi Germany, operating in Britain during the Second World War.	Miguel Piernavieja del Pozo	21 May 1916
date of birth	Michal Lipson (born 1970) is an American physicist known for her work on silicon photonics.	Michal Lipson	1970
date of birth	John Augustus O'Shea (24 June 1839 -- 13 March 1905) was an Irish soldier, journalist and novelist.	John Augustus O'Shea	24 June 1839
date of birth	Richard Mwanza (5 May 1959 − 27 April 1993) was a Zambian footballer and member of the national team.	Richard Mwanza	5 May 1959
date of birth	Craig Dobson (born 23 January 1984) is a football midfielder, who is currently without a club.	Craig Dobson	23 January 1984
date of birth	Petar Đuričković (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Ђуричковић; born 20 June 1991 in Priština) is a Serbian footballer, currently playing for Radnički Niš.	Petar Đuričković	20 June 1991
date of birth	Fuat Sezgin (born 24 October 1924) is an orientalist who specializes in the history of Arabic-Islamic science.	Fuat Sezgin	24 October 1924
date of birth	Carl Emanuel Conrad (20 March 1810 - 12 July 1873), was an architectural painter.	Carl Emanuel Conrad	20 March 1810
date of birth	Paramaz (Armenian: Փարամազ; 1863 -- 1915), born Matteos Sarkissian, was an Armenian fedayee, freedom fighter, writer and political activist.	Paramaz	1863
date of birth	David Alcaide (born 14 December 1978) is a Spanish pool player.	David Alcaide	14 December 1978
date of birth	John Giddings (born 1 May 1953 in St Albans, Hertfordshire) is a music agent and promotor who has been responsible for tours by the likes of The Rolling Stones, Madonna, Genesis, Celine Dion, Iggy Pop and David Bowie.	John Giddings	1 May 1953
date of birth	Iyanya Onoyom Mbuk (born 31 October 1986), known by his mononym Iyanya, is a Nigerian recording artist and performer.	Iyanya	31 October 1986
date of birth	Mohammed Ali Beshr (also, Bishr; Arabic: محمد على بشر‎ Egyptian Arabic: (mæˈħæmmæd ˈʕæli beʃɾ, bɪʃɾ); born 14 February 1951) is an Egyptian politician who served as minister of state for local development from 5 January to 4 July 2013.	Mohammed Ali Beshr	14 February 1951
date of birth	Sibylle Günter (born 20 April 1964) is a German theoretical physicist researching tokamak plasmas.	Sibylle Günter	20 April 1964
date of birth	Christian Patterson (born 1972, Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, USA) is an American photographer known for his Sound Affects and Redheaded Peckerwood series which have received solo exhibitions and been published as books.	Christian Patterson	1972
date of birth	Decca Aitkenhead (born Jessica Aitkenhead, 1971) is an English journalist, writer and broadcaster.	Decca Aitkenhead	1971
date of birth	James Bigden (1880- unknown) was an English association footballer who played as a wing half.	James Bigden	1880
date of birth	Cristian Bunino (born 27 August 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Livorno, on loan from Juventus.	Cristian Bunino	27 August 1996
date of birth	Dr. Richárd Tarnai (born 3 November 1972) is a Hungarian jurist and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kispest (Budapest Constituency XXVIII) between 2010 and 2014.	Richárd Tarnai	3 November 1972
date of birth	Loris Capirossi (born 4 April 1973) is an Italian former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer, who competed between 1990 and 2011.	Loris Capirossi	4 April 1973
date of birth	Ken Warby (born 9 May 1939) is an Australian motorboat racer, who currently holds the Water speed record of 317.58 miles per hour (511.10 km/h).	Ken Warby	9 May 1939
date of birth	Moufida Tlatli (Tunisian Arabic: مفيدة التلاتلي‎; born 1947) is a Tunisian film director.	Moufida Tlatli	1947
date of birth	Jaco Jacobs (born 1980) is a South African children's book author who writes in Afrikaans.	Jaco Jacobs	1980
date of birth	Hasan Habib (born 19 April 1962 in Karachi, Pakistan) is a Pakistani American professional poker player.	Hasan Habib	1962
date of birth	Iben Hjejle (pronounced 'EE-behn YAY-leh') is a Danish actress, born 22 March 1971, and is notable for starring in the Stephen Frears film High Fidelity (2000).	Iben Hjejle	22 March 1971
date of birth	Paul Mausner (1910--2001) was a French fashion designer whose ``Paul Mausner'' brand of clothing is still sold today.	Paul Mausner	1910
date of birth	James Kirchick (/ˈkɜrtʃɨk/; born 1983) is an American reporter, foreign correspondent and columnist.	James Kirchick	1983
date of birth	Miloš Bogunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Богуновић; born 10 June 1985) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker or winger.	Miloš Bogunović	10 June 1985
date of birth	Steve Maughan (born 1954) was an American college and professional football player who was a linebacker.	Steve Maughan	1954
date of birth	Neil Perkins (born 2 October 1981) is a British amateur boxer who has won several medals in international tournaments at welterweight.	Neil Perkins	2 October 1981
date of birth	Taras Duray (last name also spelled Duraj, born 31 July 1984) is an Ukrainian professional football player currently playing for FC Sumy.	Taras Duray	31 July 1984
date of birth	John Davy Hayward (2 February 1905 -- 1965) was an English editor, critic, anthologist and bibliophile.	John Davy Hayward	2 February 1905
date of birth	Judith Ellen Levy (born 1958) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.	Judith Ellen Levy	1958
date of birth	Kelly Schembri (born 13 November 1986), also known as Kelly Stelfox, is a Maltese model, singer-songwriter, dancer and actress.	Kelly Schembri	13 November 1986
date of birth	Lucius Aelius Lamia Plautius Aelianus (c. 45 - 81/96) was a Consul Suffectus in 80.	Lucius Aelius Lamia Plautius Aelianus	45
date of birth	Giorgos Kappis' (Greek: Γιώργος Κάππης; 1928 -- May 11, 1999) was a Greek actor in secondary roles in comedy and movies.	Giorgos Kappis	1928
date of birth	Darko Dimitrov was born on 21 January 1973, in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia (present-day Republic of Macedonia), to prominent Macedonian singer and composer, Slave Dimitrov.	Darko Dimitrov	21 January 1973
date of birth	Christian Broecking (born 5 June 1957) is a German sociologist and musicologist, music critic, columnist, writer, editor, producer and author perhaps best known for his jazz criticism and his book The Marsalis-Factor.	Christian Broecking	5 June 1957
date of birth	Alexandre de Lesseps (born 20 May 1949) is an entrepreneur, investment banker, and pioneer of micro financing in developing countries.	Alexandre de Lesseps	20 May 1949
date of birth	Lalou Bize-Leroy, born 1932 as Marcelle Leroy is a French winery owner in the Burgundy wine region.	Lalou Bize-Leroy	1932
date of birth	Farouk Hosny (or Hosni) (Arabic: فاروق حسنى‎; born 1938) is an Egyptian abstract painter who was Minister of Culture from 1987 to 2011.	Farouk Hosny	1938
date of birth	John Wellington Starr (1822?--November 21, 1846) was an American inventor and pioneer in development of the incandescent light bulb.	John Wellington Starr	1822
date of birth	Ken Davy (born 1941) is a businessman who is also the chairman of the Super League side Huddersfield Giants and former chairman of the Football League Championship side Huddersfield Town.	Ken Davy	1941
date of birth	Panos Mihalopoulos (Greek: Πάνος Μιχαλόπουλος; born 15 January 1949) is a Greek actor, who has appeared during the last three decades in movies and television series.	Panos Mihalopoulos	15 January 1949
date of birth	Inbal Pezaro (Hebrew: ענבל פיזרו‎) (born 26 March 1987) is an Israeli Paralympic swimmer.	Inbal Pezaro	1987
date of birth	Charly Coombes (born John Charles Coombes on 27 December 1980 in Mountain View, California, USA) is an American-born English singer/songwriter, musician and filmmaker.	Charly Coombes	27 December 1980
date of birth	Ben-Zion Leitner (c. 1927 -- March 25, 2012) was an Israeli soldier, who received the nation's highest military decoration, the Hero of Israel citation (now the Medal of Valor), for heroism during the War of Independence.	Ben-Zion Leitner	1927
date of birth	Arpaïs Du Bois (born 1973) is a Belgian drawer and painter.	Arpaïs Du Bois	1973
date of birth	Charles Walmesley, O.S.B. (best known by the pseudonyms Signor Pastorino or Pastorini; 13 January 1722 -- 25 November 1797) was the Roman Catholic Titular Bishop of Rama and Vicar Apostolic of the Western District of England.	Charles Walmesley	13 January 1722
date of birth	Kazma Sakamoto (born 1 October 1982) is a Japanese professional wrestler and manager, best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) as Sakamoto.	Kazma Sakamoto	1 October 1982
date of birth	Sun Laiyan (simplified Chinese: 孙来燕; traditional Chinese: 孫來燕; pinyin: Sūn Láiyàn; born October 1957) is a Chinese scientist who served as the Administrator of the China National Space Administration (CNSA) from 2004 to 2010, when he was succeeded by Chen Qiufa.	Sun Laiyan	October 1957
date of birth	Giorgi Kilasonia, also known as Gia Kilasonia (born 9 September 1968) is a retired Georgian professional football player.	Giorgi Kilasonia	9 September 1968
date of birth	Tiziana Lodato (born 10 November 1976) is an Italian film, stage and television actress.	Tiziana Lodato	10 November 1976
date of birth	Gao Wen (Chinese: 高文; pinyin: Gāo Wēn; Jyutping: gou1 man1; born 18 January 1985) is a Hong Kong footballer who plays as a Midfielder.	Gao Wen	18 January 1985
date of birth	Nayla Hayek (born 1951) is a businesswoman and horse breeding expert.	Nayla Hayek	1951
date of birth	Abbas Shiblak (born 6 January 1944) is a Middle-Eastern academic, historian, Research Associate at the Refugee Studies Centre (RSC), University of Oxford (a post he has held since 1992), free-lance writer, former diplomat and an advocate of human rights.	Abbas Shiblak	6 January 1944
date of birth	Robert Singerman (born 1942) is a professor, a recognized Judaica bibliographer.	Robert Singerman	1942
date of birth	Teja Černe (born 1984) is a Slovenian competitive sailor.	Teja Černe	1984
date of birth	M. Thomas Mathew (born 1940) is an Indian literary critic.	M. Thomas Mathew	1940
date of birth	Ella Weed (1853-1894) was an American educator, ``the guiding spirit in the first four years'' of Barnard College.	Ella Weed	1853
date of birth	Oskar Johansson (born 23 June 1977) is a Canadian world class sailor from Toronto.	Oskar Johansson	23 June 1977
date of birth	Air Marshal Hifazat Ullah Khan, HI(M), SI(M), (Urdu: حفاظت اللہ خان‎; born 4 October 1952), is a former three-star general air officer who served as Vice Chief of the Air Staff (VCAS) of Pakistan Air Force from 29 March 2009 till 4 October 2010.	Hifazat Ullah Khan	4 October 1952
date of birth	Alexis Dos Santos (born 1974) is an Argentine film director and producer, screenwriter and editor.	Alexis Dos Santos	1974
date of birth	Stuart Litel (born 1961) is the founder of the New England Informix User Group (NEIUG) and has been an active member of the International Informix Users Group (IIUG), which he joined in 1997.	Stuart Litel	1961
date of birth	Detlef Schuppan (born 9 August 1954 in Essen, Germany) is a German biochemist and physician.	Detlef Schuppan	9 August 1954
date of birth	Kaino Thomsen-Fuataga (born 12 May 1991) was a Samoan taekwondo practitioner.	Kaino Thomsen	12 May 1991
date of birth	Andrew Boardman (c. 1550--1639) was an English clergyman who was a minister at St. Mary's Church, Bury St. Edmunds as well as a vicar at Collegiate Church of St Mary, Warwick.	Andrew Boardman	1550
date of birth	Meinhardt Schomberg, 3rd Duke of Schomberg, 1st Duke of Leinster, KG (30 June 1641 -- 5 July 1719), was a general in the service of Willem, Prince of Orange and Stadtholder of Holland, later King William III of England.	Meinhardt Schomberg, 3rd Duke of Schomberg	30 June 1641
date of birth	Nick Holland (born 29 July 1974) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played 179 games for Australian Football League (AFL) club Hawthorn between 1994 and 2005, serving as Vice Captain between 1999 and 2003.	Nick Holland	29 July 1974
date of birth	Bernard Lokai (born 5 September 1960 Bohumin, Czech Socialist Republic (CSR)) is a German painter.	Bernard Lokai	5 September 1960
date of birth	Ernest I of Schauenburg (German: Ernst I. von Schauenburg) (ca. 1441 -- 1471) became the Bishop of Hildesheim in 1458.	Ernest I of Schauenburg	1441
date of birth	Morris B. Chapman (1919--February 18, 2007) was an American lawyer from Madison County, Illinois and a prominent plaintiffs' trial lawyer.	Morris B. Chapman	1919
date of birth	Guðmundur Árni Stefánsson (born 31 October 1955) is an Icelandic politician, former minister for social affairs from June to November 1994, and diplomat.	Guðmundur Árni Stefánsson	31 October 1955
date of birth	Adem Hecini (Arabic: آدم حسيني‎; born 13 December 1975) is an Algerian athlete who specializes in the 400 and 800 metres.	Adem Hecini	13 December 1975
date of birth	Juan Enríquez Cabot (born 1959) is a Mexican-American academic, businessman, and speaker.	Juan Enríquez	1959
date of birth	Robert Whitaker McAll (1821--1893) was a congregationalist minister from English and Scottish origin who founded the `` Popular Evangelical Mission of France '' in Paris in 1872, a movement which gained a considerable following and influence in a few years and which is still in existence today.	Robert Whitaker McAll	1821
date of birth	Magdalena Brzeska (born 14 May 1978 in Gdynia, Poland) is a German retired rhythmic gymnast of Polish descent.	Magdalena Brzeska	14 May 1978
date of birth	Lama Dorji, or Lama Darja (Chinese: 喇嘛達爾札; Mongolian: Лхамдаржаа; 1726 or 1728--1753) was a mid-eighteenth century khan or ruler of the Dzungar Khanate, a confederation of Mongol tribes that ruled over most of present-day Xinjiang and part of eastern Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and southern Siberia.	Lama Dorji	1726
date of birth	Born around 1835, nothing is known of Robert Palin's early life except his criminal record.	Robert Palin	1835
date of birth	Miguel Skrobot (Warsaw, 1873 - Curitiba, February 20, 1912) was a businessman Brazilian of Polish origin.	Miguel Skrobot	1873
date of birth	Roy Limbert (1893--1954) was a prominent London West End theatre director and producer between the 1930s and the 1950s.	Roy Limbert	1893
date of birth	Theodora Elizabeth Lynch (born Foulks; 1812--1886) was an English poet and novelist of the 19th century.	Theodora Elizabeth Lynch	1812
date of birth	Gary McSheffrey (born 13 August 1982) is an English professional footballer who plays for League One club Scunthorpe United.	Gary McSheffrey	13 August 1982
date of birth	Johnny Pacheco (born 25 March 1935) is a Dominican musician, arranger, producer, and bandleader of Cuban music (guaracha, son montuno, danzón, cha cha chá, guajira-son, pachanga).	Johnny Pacheco	25 March 1935
date of birth	Sylvie Datty-Ngonga Tara-Agoue (born 30 May 1988 in Begoua, Bangui) is a Central African freestyle wrestler.	Sylvie Datty	30 May 1988
date of birth	Emil Urumov (Bulgarian: Емил Урумов) (born 20 January 1984), is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a striker.	Emil Urumov	20 January 1984
date of birth	Captain Bartholomew Teeling (1774 in Lisburn, County Antrim, Ireland -- 24 September 1798, in Arbor Hill, County Dublin, Ireland) was a leader of the Irish forces during the Irish Rebellion of 1798 and who carried out an act of bravery during the Battle of Collooney.	Bartholomew Teeling	1774
date of birth	Willie Bester (born 1956) is a South African artist known for his installations made of found objects.	Willie Bester	1956
date of birth	Ingrid Pitt (21 November 1937 -- 23 November 2010) was a Polish-British actress best known for her work in horror films of the 1960s and 1970s.	Ingrid Pitt	21 November 1937
date of birth	Sisay Bezabeh (born 9 September 1977 in Asella, Oromia Region, Ethiopia) is an Australian athlete of Ethiopian descent who specialized in the 10,000 metres and the marathon.	Sisay Bezabeh	9 September 1977
date of birth	Tom Symonds (born 17 February 1989) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles of the National Rugby League.	Tom Symonds	17 February 1989
date of birth	Jenny Addams (15 February 1909, date of death unknown) was a Belgian fencer.	Jenny Addams	15 February 1909
date of birth	Rift Fournier (1936 -- October 6, 2013) was an American writer, screenwriter and television producer.	Rift Fournier	1936
date of birth	Gilbert Noël Ouédraogo (born 25 December 1968) is a Burkinabé politician who has been President of the Alliance for Democracy and Federation--	Gilbert Noël Ouédraogo	25 December 1968
date of birth	Percy Saul (born 1881 in Rotherham, England) was a Scottish footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League.	Percy Saul	1881
date of birth	Aleksandar Luković (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Луковић; born 23 October 1982) is a Serbian footballer who played as a defender for the Serbian national team and currently plays for Red Star Belgrade.	Aleksandar Luković	23 October 1982
date of birth	Rumon Gamba (born 24 November 1972), is an English conductor.	Rumon Gamba	24 November 1972
date of birth	Erin Rachel Hudak (born 1978) is a multi-media artist currently residing in Brooklyn, New York.	Erin Rachel Hudak	1978
date of birth	Francisco Salmerón (1608--1632) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period.	Francisco Salmerón	1608
date of birth	Peter Wiley (born 1955) is a cellist and cello teacher.	Peter Wiley	1955
date of birth	Rory Kostjasyn (born 6 June 1987) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the North Queensland Cowboys of the NRL.	Rory Kostjasyn	6 June 1987
date of birth	Rudra Kaushish (born Gajendra Oza on 5 May 1973 ) is an Indian actor and model known for his works in Bollywood.	Rudra Kaushish	5 May 1973
date of birth	Daniel Harford (born 19 March 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer, and radio presenter and commentator.	Daniel Harford	19 March 1977
date of birth	Sydney Turner (2 April 1814 - 26 June 1879) was an Anglican clergyman, Dean of Ripon from December 1875 until March 1876.	Sydney Turner	2 April 1814
date of birth	George A. Spratt (1870--1934) was an inventor, aircraft patentee, and the father of George G. Spratt who was also an aircraft designer.	George A. Spratt	1870
date of birth	Stanley James Warmington (16 December 1884 -- 10 May 1941), or just S. J. Warmington, was an English actor who appeared on film, stage, radio and television in the early 20th century.	S. J. Warmington	16 December 1884
date of birth	Kathleen Reiter (Hebrew: קטלין רייטר‎; born 7 September 1988) is a Canadian/Israeli singer most notable for winning the first season of The Voice Israel.	Kathleen Reiter	7 September 1988
date of birth	Robin Bryntesson (born 17 October 1985 in Rossön, Ångermanland) is a Swedish cross country skier who has been competing since 2003.	Robin Bryntesson	17 October 1985
date of birth	Patrick Prosser (born 8 September 1952) is a Computer Scientist at Glasgow University.	Patrick Prosser	8 September 1952
date of birth	Pablo Troise (born 17 April 1936) is a Uruguayan lawyer and former judge.	Pablo Troise	17 April 1936
date of birth	Daisy D'ora (February 26, 1913 -- June 12, 2010) was a German beauty queen, socialite and actress.	Daisy D'ora	1913
date of birth	Ewan Porter (born 4 July 1982) is an Australian professional golfer who currently plays on the Nationwide Tour.	Ewan Porter	4 July 1982
date of birth	Piloo Mody (14 November 1926 -- 29 January 1983) was an Indian architect and politician and one of the founding members of the Swatantra Party.	Piloo Mody	1926
date of birth	Sarah Reinertsen (born 22 May 1975) is an American paratriathlete and former Paralympic track athlete.	Sarah Reinertsen	22 May 1975
date of birth	Jimmy Meng (simplified Chinese: 孟广瑞; traditional Chinese: 孟廣瑞; pinyin: Mèng Guǎngruì, born 1944) is a former New York State Assemblyman representing the 22nd Assembly District, which includes Flushing and College Point in Queens, New York.	Jimmy Meng	1944
date of birth	Consuelo Castiglioni (born 1959) is a fashion designer.	Consuelo Castiglioni	1959
date of birth	Christiane Charlotte of Nassau-Ottweiler (2 September 1685 -- 6 November 1761) was a Countess of Nassau-Ottweiler by birth and by marriage successively Countess of Nassau-Saarbrücken and countess of Hesse-Homburg.	Christiane Charlotte of Nassau-Ottweiler	2 September 1685
date of birth	Lars-Gunnar Carlstrand (born 29 August 1973) is a Swedish football attacking midfielder and striker.	Lars-Gunnar Carlstrand	29 August 1973
date of birth	Mahshid Amirshahi (Persian: مهشید امیرشاهی‎‎) (her surname also spelled Amir-Shay or Amirshahy) (born 9 April 1937) is an Iranian novelist, short story writer, humorist, literary critic, journalist and translator.	Mahshid Amirshahi	9 April 1937
date of birth	Albrecht von Stosch (20 April 1818 -- 29 February 1896) was a German General of the Infantry and Admiral who served as first chief of the newly created Imperial German Navy from 1872 to 1883.	Albrecht von Stosch	20 April 1818
date of birth	Xie Shijie (Chinese: 谢世杰; born September 1934) is a retired politician of the People's Republic of China.	Xie Shijie	September 1934
date of birth	Rolanda Chagrin (born 7 February 1957) is an Israeli actress and comedian.	Rolanda Chagrin	7 February 1957
date of birth	Jon Champion (born 23 May 1965 in Harrogate, North Yorkshire) is a sports commentator.	Jon Champion	23 May 1965
date of birth	Bernd Hollerbach (born 8 December 1969) is a German football coach and a former player who is manager of Würzburger Kickers.	Bernd Hollerbach	8 December 1969
date of birth	Klaus Ferdinand Hempfling (born 1957) is a specialist in communication and human movement best known for his unorthodox approach to training and working with horses.	Klaus Ferdinand Hempfling	1957
date of birth	Chief Rabbi Dr Warren Goldstein (born 1971) is the Chief Rabbi of The Union of Orthodox Synagogues of South Africa since 2005.	Warren Goldstein	1971
date of birth	Naim Popal (Pashto:نعیم پوپل, born 18 June 1954) is an Afghan singer, songwriter, and composer.	Naim Popal	18 June 1954
date of birth	Regina de Jesús Betancourt Ramírez (born 16 December 1936) is a Colombian self-described mentalist, psychic, mystic, and faith healer who is better known to her followers as Regina 11.	Regina 11	16 December 1936
date of birth	Salma Sultan (born 16 March 1947) is an Indian television journalist who worked as a news anchor in Doordarshan, and later worked as director.	Salma Sultan	16 March 1947
date of birth	Kelly Sueda (born 1972) is a painter who was born and raised in Hawaii.	Kelly Sueda	1972
date of birth	Claude Anelka (born 12 March 1968) is a French football manager, who is currently the Director of Coaching at Little Haiti FC.	Claude Anelka	12 March 1968
date of birth	Sukanta Chaudhuri (born 1950) is an internationally renowned Bengali Indian scholar of English literature of the Renaissance period.	Sukanta Chaudhuri	1950
date of birth	Pelé Andamaning Ali Ibrahim (born 1 September 1969), known as Ali Ibrahim or Ali Ibrahim Pelé, is a former Ghanaian footballer.	Ali Ibrahim Pelé	1 September 1969
date of birth	Thomas Sbokos (Greek: Θωμάς Σμπώκος; born 10 April 1972 in Heraklion) is a Greek sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres.	Thomas Sbokos	10 April 1972
date of birth	Irina Rosikhina (Russian: Ири́на Роси́хина; born 11 May 1975) is a Russian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	Irina Rosikhina	11 May 1975
date of birth	Princess Claire of Luxembourg (born Claire Margareta Lademacher on 21 March 1985) is a German bioethics researcher currently pursuing a doctorate in the field of organ donation ethics at Pontifical Athenaeum Regina Apostolorum.	Princess Claire of Luxembourg	21 March 1985
date of birth	Charles John Tottenham, 9th Marquess of Ely (born 12 February 1943) is a Canadian-British peer and member of the aristocracy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland of Irish descent.	John Tottenham, 9th Marquess of Ely	1943
date of birth	Pinky Lai (Hong Kong, born 20 March 1951) is an automotive designer, the first Chinese in the Car Design Profession.	Pinky Lai	20 March 1951
date of birth	Raoul Hynckes ( Brussels , 11 May 1893 - Blaricum , 19 January 1973 ) was a Dutch painter of Belgian origin.	Raoul Hynckes	11 May 1893
date of birth	Dimitrios Galanos or Demetrios Galanos (Greek: Δημήτριος Γαλανός; 1760--1833) was the earliest recorded Greek Indologist.	Dimitrios Galanos	1760
date of birth	Christopher Pond (1826--1881) was a British caterer and hotelier.	Christopher Pond	1826
date of birth	Andrew J. Allen (born 1986) is an American classical and contemporary saxophonist and pedagogue who is currently an assistant professor of music at Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, Texas.	Andrew J. Allen	1986
date of birth	Roberto De Zerbi (born 6 June 1979) is a retired Italian footballer turned coach, currently in charge as manager of Foggia in the Lega Pro division.	Roberto De Zerbi	6 June 1979
date of birth	Mustafa Azadzoy (born 24 July 1992) is a footballer who plays as a Midfielder.	Mustafa Azadzoy	24 July 1992
date of birth	Air Commodore Jagdev Chandra, (Punjabi) (6 October 1916 -- 19 Apr 1991), Royal Indian Air force and later one of the first recruits of Indian Air Force, was a war veteran, served with excellence in Burma during World War 2.	Jagdev Chandra	6 October 1916
date of birth	Admiel Kosman (born in 1957) is an Israeli poet and professor of Talmud.	Admiel Kosman	1957
date of birth	Anni B Sweet is the stage name of Ana López Rodríguez (born 1987 in Málaga), an indie and folk singer-songwriter.	Anni B Sweet	1987
date of birth	Abdulkerim Abbas, also Abdul Kerim Abbas, Abdulkerim Abbasoff, 'Abd al-Karīm 'Abbās (1921 -- August 27, 1949), was a Uyghur leader in Xinjiang, China during the 20th century.	Abdulkerim Abbas	1921
date of birth	Sampo Marjomaa (b. 1976, Oulu) is a Finnish television personality and entertainer.	Sampo Marjomaa	1976
date of birth	Fatwell Kimaiyo (born 1 July 1947) is a Kenyan former track and field athlete who competed in the 110 metres hurdles and 400 metres hurdles.	Fatwell Kimaiyo	1947
date of birth	Tristan Casara (born 23 January 1987), known by his stage name The Avener (/ˈævənər/), is a French deep house and electro music producer.	The Avener	23 January 1987
date of birth	Mao Ning (born 23 May 1969) is a Chinese singer best known for his pop numbers The Waves Remain, Late Autumn, and The Blue Night and Blue Dream.	Mao Ning	23 May 1969
date of birth	Shane Kerrison (born 28 March 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Shane Kerrison	28 March 1965
date of birth	David Tuviyahu (Hebrew: דוד טוביהו‎; 1898--1975) was the first mayor of the Israeli city of Beersheba.	David Tuviyahu	1898
date of birth	Grant Kirkhope (born 10 July 1962) is a British BAFTA and IFMCA nominated composer, known for writing the soundtracks to Kingdoms of Amalur:	Grant Kirkhope	10 July 1962
date of birth	Ryan Trudgian (born 15 September 1983) is an English footballer who plays as a striker.	Ryan Trudgian	15 September 1983
date of birth	Peter Mandler, FBA (born 1958) is a British historian and academic specialising in 19th and 20th century British history, particularly cultural history and the history of the social sciences.	Peter Mandler	1958
date of birth	Stefano Cincotta Giordano (born 28 February 1991) is a Guatemalan footballer who plays for German 3.	Stefano Cincotta	28 February 1991
date of birth	Yuta Ikeda (池田 勇太; born 22 December 1985) is a Japanese professional golfer.	Yuta Ikeda	22 December 1985
date of birth	Peter A. Balaskas (Born 1969 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American author of speculative fiction.	Peter A. Balaskas	1969
date of birth	Andrey Pyshnik (Belarusian: Андрэй Пышнік; Russian: Андрей Пышник; born 1 February 1968) is a former Belarusian footballer and currently a coach.	Andrey Pyshnik	1 February 1968
date of birth	William Welles Hollister (1818--1886) was a native of Ohio who came west in the 1850s and became a wealthy rancher and entrepreneur in California.	William Welles Hollister	1818
date of birth	Brian Moriarty (born 1956) is an American video game developer who authored two of the original Infocom interactive fiction titles, Wishbringer (1985) and Trinity (1986), as well as Loom (1990) for LucasArts.	Brian Moriarty	1956
date of birth	Trond Heir (born 5 December 1958) is a Norwegian psychiatrist and military physician.	Trond Heir	5 December 1958
date of birth	Jean-Frédéric Osterwald (or Ostervald) (25 November 1663 -- 14 April 1747) was a Swiss Protestant pastor.	Jean-Frédéric Osterwald	25 November 1663
date of birth	Sahodaran Ayyappan (21 August 1889 -- 6 March 1968) was a social reformer, thinker, rationalist, journalist, and politician of Kerala, India.	Sahodaran Ayyappan	21 August 1889
date of birth	Uillian Correia Granemann (born 27 September 1989), known as Uillian Correia or simply Uillian, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Cruzeiro as a midfielder.	Uillian Correia	27 September 1989
date of birth	Niladri Kumar (born April, 1973) is an Indian classical and fusion musician.	Niladri Kumar	1973
date of birth	James Alpheus Glen DSC (23 June 1890 --7 March 1962) was a Canadian First World War flying ace, officially credited with 15 victories.	James Alpheus Glen	23 June 1890
date of birth	Thomas Willingale (1799--1870), lived in the village of Loughton in Essex, United Kingdom.	Thomas Willingale	1799
date of birth	Roy Daniell (born 11 April 1965) is an Australian runner with a vision impairment, who has won two medals at three Paralympics.	Roy Daniell	11 April 1965
date of birth	Thomas Jackson Denson (January 20, 1863 -- September 14, 1935) was a notable Alabama musician and singing school teacher within the Sacred Harp tradition.	Thomas Jackson Denson	1863
date of birth	Adrian Andrei Rusu-Bolindet (born in Mediaș, on 8 November 1951) is a researcher in Romanian medieval archaeology.	Adrian Andrei Rusu	8 November 1951
date of birth	Aqib Khan (Urdu: عاقب خان‎; born 24 August 1994) is an English actor of Pakistani descent.	Aqib Khan	24 August 1994
date of birth	George Dewey Nicks III (22 April 1961 in St. Louis, Missouri, U.S.) is a photographer and film director.	Dewey Nicks	22 April 1961
date of birth	Rickard William Lloyd MRCS LRCPEd (17 March 1859 -- 24 April 1933) was a Consulting Anaesthetist and author.	Rickard William Lloyd	17 March 1859
date of birth	Han Seung-oh (Hangul:한승오 ; Hanja:韓昇旿, born in 1978) was a South Korean human rights activist and civil activist.	Han Seung-oh	1978
date of birth	Paul-Emile Saadé (born on 9 July 1933 in Ehden, North Lebanon) is an Emeritus Maronite Eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Batroun.	Paul-Emile Saadé	9 July 1933
date of birth	Jonas Umbach, painter, designer, and engraver, was born at Augsburg about 1624.	Jonas Umbach	1624
date of birth	Serhiy Boyko (Ukrainian: Сергій Миколайович Бойко; born 30 June 1977) is a Ukrainian international referee and a former player.	Serhiy Boyko	30 June 1977
date of birth	Johnny Clarke (born 12 January 1955) is a Jamaican reggae musician, best known for his recordings with producer Bunny Lee in the 1970s.	Johnny Clarke	12 January 1955
date of birth	Brandon Block (born 1967) is a British club DJ.	Brandon Block	1967
date of birth	Katinka Hosszú (born 3 May 1989) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer and businesswoman.	Katinka Hosszú	3 May 1989
date of birth	Arvid Weber Skjærpe (born 9 October 1947) is a Norwegian journalist and director.	Arvid Weber Skjærpe	9 October 1947
date of birth	Sigmund Groven (born 16 March 1946 in Heddal, Telemark) is a Norwegian classical harmonica player, today considered one of the world's leading classical harmonica players.	Sigmund Groven	16 March 1946
date of birth	Eileif Kolsrud (8 February 1873 -- ??) was Norwegian educator and politician for the Labour Party.	Eileif Kolsrud	1873
date of birth	Guy Sternberg (born 1947) is the owner and operator of Starhill Forest Arboretum in Petersburg, Illinois.	Guy Sternberg	1947
date of birth	Stephen Amis (born 21 November 1966) is a film and television screenwriter, film director and film producer, known mostly for his independent sci-fi, action and fantasy-themed films.	Stephen Amis	21 November 1966
date of birth	Gilbert Ballantine (born 14 March 1961) is a retired Dutch kickboxer and a nine times kickboxing world champion.	Gilbert Ballantine	14 March 1961
date of birth	Yeh Chin-fong (Chinese: 葉金鳳; pinyin: Yè Jīnfèng; born 22 June 1943) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Yeh Chin-fong	22 June 1943
date of birth	Jean Alt (8 August 1921 -- 22 July 1991) was a French scientist and meteorologist.	Jean Alt	8 August 1921
date of birth	Martin Duwell (born 1948, in England) is an Australian poetry editor, reviewer and publisher.	Martin Duwell	1948
date of birth	Camille Bloom (born November 2, 1975) is an internationally touring American musician & singer / songwriter, endorsed by Gibson Guitars.	Camille Bloom	1975
date of birth	Jess Sum Cheuk-ying (traditional Chinese: 沈卓盈) (born 5 April 1984) is an actress in Hong Kong under TVB.	Jess Sum	5 April 1984
date of birth	Sakari Orava (born 17 June 1945) is a Finnish sports medicine surgeon, physician, orthopedist, and professor.	Sakari Orava	17 June 1945
date of birth	Gholamhossein Bigdeli,(Persian: غلامحسین بیگدلی‎) was born on 15 March 1919 in Dorakhloo (Zanjan).	Gholamhossein Bigdeli	1919
date of birth	Iosif Ardeleanu (born Adler Döme; 1909-?) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian communist activist and bureaucrat.	Iosif Ardeleanu	1909
date of birth	Elizabeth Lee Kim-Lohmann (born May 1962), known professionally as Lisa Kim, is a former television news anchor for an NBC-affiliated station in the San Francisco Bay Area and a former news anchor for MSNBC.	Lisa Kim	1962
date of birth	Dorothy Ray Healey (1914--2006) was a long-time activist in the Communist Party USA, from the late 1920s to the 1970s.	Dorothy Ray Healey	1914
date of birth	Dr. Joseph Ó Ruanaidh (né Joseph Rooney) born in London, England, in 1967, and raised in Ballyfermot, Dublin, is a frequently cited author in the field of digital watermarking.	Joseph Ó Ruanaidh	1967
date of birth	Sir Gerald Grove, 3rd Baronet (18 December 1886 -- 3 March 1962) was a British military leader and filmmaker.	Gerald Grove	18 December 1886
date of birth	John Alfred Terence MacDonagh (3 February 1908 -- 12 September 1986) was an English oboist and cor anglais player, particularly known as one of the four members of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra's so-called ``Royal Family'' of woodwind players.	Terence MacDonagh	3 February 1908
date of birth	Christopher Brookmyre (born 6 September 1968) is a Scottish novelist whose novels mix comedy, politics, social comment and action with a strong narrative.	Christopher Brookmyre	6 September 1968
date of birth	Helen Czerski (born 1 November 1978) is a physicist and oceanographer.	Helen Czerski	1 November 1978
date of birth	Dinesh Subasinghe (born 10 July 1979, Colombo) is a Sri Lankan composer, violinist and music producer.	Dinesh Subasinghe	10 July 1979
date of birth	Mouzhan Majidi (born 9 June 1964) is a British-Iranian architect and was Chief Executive of Foster and Partners between 2007 and 2014.	Mouzhan Majidi	9 June 1964
date of birth	Mark Hollingsworth, Jr. (born April 9, 1954) was elected the 11th bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio on November 15, 2003, and consecrated on April 17, 2004 in Cleveland.	Mark Hollingsworth	1954
date of birth	Gerard Woodward (born 1961) is a British novelist, poet and short story writer, best known for his trilogy of novels concerning the troubled Jones family, the second of which, I'll Go To Bed at Noon, was shortlisted for the 2004 Man-Booker Prize.	Gerard Woodward	1961
date of birth	Paul Trepte was born on 24 April 1954 in Morley, Yorkshire and attended Batley Grammar School.	Paul Trepte	24 April 1954
date of birth	John Bigelow Taylor (c. 1950) is a photographer of works of art based in New York City.	John Bigelow Taylor	1950
date of birth	Sue Gerhardt (Durban, 1953) is a British psychoanalytic psychotherapist in private practice since 1997.	Sue Gerhardt	1953
date of birth	Len Attewell (31 December 1895 -- 26 February 1983) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Newport.	Len Attewell	31 December 1895
date of birth	Stijn Francis (born 18 December 1982) is a Belgian former football player who played for Westerlo, Oud-Heverlee Leuven and Verbroedering Geel.	Stijn Francis	18 December 1982
date of birth	Tuval Foguel was born in 1959 in Berkeley, California to Hava and Shaul Foguel and he is a descendant of Saul Wahl.	Tuval Foguel	1959
date of birth	David Parland (26 September 1970 -- 19 March 2013) was a Swedish metal guitarist, best known for his work in the bands Dark Funeral, Necrophobic and Infernal, in all of which he was one of the founding members.	David Parland	26 September 1970
date of birth	David Tecchler, sometimes also written Techler, Tekler, Deckler, Dechler, Decler, Teccler or Teckler, (1666--1748) was a German luthier, best known for his cellos and double basses.	David Tecchler	1666
date of birth	Jarkko Komula (born 13 March 1976) is a Finnish former darts player who played for the Professional Darts Corporation.	Jarkko Komula	13 March 1976
date of birth	Mark Katzman (born 1951) is an American writer and musician.	Mark Katzman	1951
date of birth	Andrew Everingham (born 29 January 1987) is an Australian professional rugby footballer currently playing rugby union for the Fukuoka Sanix Blues in the Japanese Second Division Rugby.	Andrew Everingham	29 January 1987
date of birth	Margit Papp (born 30 April 1948) is a Hungarian former athlete.	Margit Papp	30 April 1948
date of birth	Chris Groom (born 28 August 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL) for the Adelaide, Fremantle and North Melbourne Football Clubs.	Chris Groom	28 August 1973
date of birth	Cynthia Ann Bashant (born 1960) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of California and former Judge of the San Diego Superior Court.	Cynthia Ann Bashant	1960
date of birth	Jason Steger (born 1956) is a British-born Australian journalist, working in both print and film media.	Jason Steger	1956
date of birth	Alexandra Liao (born 1989) is a model and a pageant titleholder who won the Miss Perú 2010 pageant on May 22, 2010.	Alexandra Liao	1989
date of birth	Henri Jeanneret (1 January 1878 -- 1 June 1935) was a Swiss-born Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Henri Jeanneret	1 January 1878
date of birth	Stephen Jolly (born 1960) is a Fellow of Clare College, Cambridge; a Fellow of the Cambridge Judge Business School; and between 2005--13, served as Director of External Affairs & Communications for the University of Cambridge.	Stephen Jolly	1960
date of birth	John Stuart Stuart-Glennie (1841--1910) was a Scottish barrister, socialist and folklorist.	John Stuart Stuart-Glennie	1841
date of birth	Tor Olav Trøim (born 4 March 1963) is a Norwegian businessperson and engineer.	Tor Olav Trøim	1963
date of birth	Per Frandsen (born 6 February 1970) is a Danish football manager and former professional football player.	Per Frandsen	6 February 1970
date of birth	Hannah Wants (born Hannah Alicia Smith in 1986) is a British DJ and producer from Birmingham.	Hannah Wants	1986
date of birth	Thien Thanh Thi Nguyen (born 24 October 1981), better known by her stage names Tila Tequila, Tila Nguyen and Miss Tila, is an American model, television personality, singer, songwriter, actress, writer and blogger.	Tila Tequila	24 October 1981
date of birth	Ethel Collins Dunham (1883 - 1969), and her life partner, Martha May Eliot, devoted their lives to the care of children.	Ethel Collins Dunham	1883
date of birth	Karuppiahyage Ravindra Pushpakumara (born 21 July 1975, Panadura) is a Sri Lankan cricketer of Tamil - Sinhala mixed ancestry.	Ravindra Pushpakumara	21 July 1975
date of birth	Elbertus Leoninus was the Latinized name of Elbert de Leeuw (Zaltbommel, 1519 or 1520 -- Arnhem, December 16, 1598), Dutch jurist and statesman, who helped negotiate the Pacification of Ghent.	Elbertus Leoninus	1519
date of birth	Kevin A. Casey (born 1955) is an American author, musician and humorist.	Kevin A. Casey	1955
date of birth	Tara Stevens (born 10 September 1972) is a British journalist of Welsh extraction, based in Barcelona and specializing in cuisine.	Tara Stevens	10 September 1972
date of birth	Bernard Brooke (born 3 March 1930, Newsome, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, England) is an English former first-class cricketer, who played two matches for Yorkshire in 1950, against the MCC and Oxford University.	Bernard Brooke	3 March 1930
date of birth	Francis Llewellyn Griffith (27 May 1862 -- 1934) was an eminent British Egyptologist of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Francis Llewellyn Griffith	27 May 1862
date of birth	Ambrosio Kibuuka (1868 - June 3, 1886) was a Ugandan Roman Catholic martyred for his faith.	Ambrosio Kibuuka	1868
date of birth	B. B. Sams (born 1944) is an American artist who has worked as an illustrator.	B. B. Sams	1944
date of birth	Asoka Milinda Moragoda (Sinhala:අශෝක මිලින්ද මොරගොඩ) (born 4 June 1964) is a Sri Lankan politician and businessman.	Milinda Moragoda	4 June 1964
date of birth	Dario Gradi MBE (born 8 July 1941) is an Italian-born English football manager and former player.	Dario Gradi	8 July 1941
date of birth	Ekaterina Zakharieva (born 8 August 1975) is a Bulgarian former interim Deputy PM and minister of Regional development from 2013.	Ekaterina Zakharieva	8 August 1975
date of birth	Carl Magnus Palm (born 1965) is a Swedish author and historian, writing in Swedish and English, best known for his work on the Swedish pop group ABBA.	Carl Magnus Palm	1965
date of birth	Im Ji-kyu (Hangul: 임지규; born 7 March 1978) is a South Korean actor.	Im Ji-kyu	7 March 1978
date of birth	James Dixon Williams (1877 -- August 28, 1934) was an early American film producer and studio executive.	James Dixon Williams	1877
date of birth	Maurice Herriott (born 8 October 1939) was a British track and field athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Maurice Herriott	8 October 1939
date of birth	Henry Charles Stanley (1840--1921) was the chief engineer of the railways in Queensland, Australia.	Henry Charles Stanley	1840
date of birth	Panagamuwa Lahiru Sampath Gamage (born 5 April 1988), or commonly Lahiru Gamage, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer.	Lahiru Gamage	5 April 1988
date of birth	Richard of Hauteville (c. 1045--1110) was a noble knight of Hauteville family, the conquerors of South Italy during the 11th century.	Richard of Hauteville	1045
date of birth	Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Guzmán, commonly referred as Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysicist.	Conny Méndez	11 April 1898
date of birth	Mohammad Jahurul Islam (Bengali: মোহম্মাদ জহুরুল ইসলাম, born 12 December 1986) in Rajshahi) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer.	Jahurul Islam	12 December 1986
date of birth	Kay Morley-Brown (née Morley, born 5 March 1963) is a former Welsh athlete, who competed in the 100 metres hurdles.	Kay Morley-Brown	5 March 1963
date of birth	Peter Gifford (born 5 April, 1955), sometimes known as ``Giffo,'' is an Australian musician.	Peter Gifford	1955
date of birth	Barbara Brylska (born 5 June 1941) is a Polish actress who was also featured in numerous films throughout the countries of the Warsaw Pact including the Soviet Union.	Barbara Brylska	5 June 1941
date of birth	Howell Oakdeane Morrison (1888-1984), also known as ``Morrie'' Morrison, was an American musician, dance instructor, impresario and entrepreneur, founder of Seattle-based Morrison Records.	Howell Oakdeane Morrison	1888
date of birth	William Cassandra Rosamonte Barbosa (born 18 December 1983), known as William Barbosa, is São Toméan footballer who plays as a defender for Portuguese club Oliveira do Bairro and the São Tomé and Príncipe football team.	William Cassandra Rosamonte Barbosa	18 December 1983
date of birth	Giovanni Narzisi (born 2 February 1929) is an Italian cinematographer, director and screenwriter.	Giovanni Narzisi	2 February 1929
date of birth	Ārijs Geikins (1936-2008) was a Latvian playwright, writer, director, actor and drama teacher.	Ārijs Geikins	1936
date of birth	Inge Keller (born 15 December 1923) is a German actress whose career on stage and screen has spanned seven decades.	Inge Keller	15 December 1923
date of birth	Marc Dionne (born January 1989) is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring names Stupefied and Player Dos.	Stupefied	January 1989
date of birth	Eric Lanini (born 25 February 1994) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Italian Serie B club Lanciano, on loan from Juventus.	Eric Lanini	25 February 1994
date of birth	Qin Yuhai (Chinese: 秦玉海; pinyin: Qín Yùhaĭ; born March 1953) is a Chinese politician and photographer.	Qin Yuhai	March 1953
date of birth	Seamus Deane (born 9 February 1940) is an Irish poet, novelist, and critic.	Seamus Deane	9 February 1940
date of birth	Archibald Kennedy, 1st Marquess of Ailsa KT, FRS (February 1770 -- 8 September 1846), styled Lord Kennedy between 1792 and 1794 and known as The Earl of Cassilis between 1794 and 1831, was a Scottish peer.	Archibald Kennedy, 1st Marquess of Ailsa	February 1770	8 September 1846
date of birth	Beryl Marsden (born 10 June 1947) is a British R&B and pop singer, who first came to notice on the Liverpool club scene of the early 1960s.	Beryl Marsden	10 June 1947
date of birth	Karen Smithies (born 20 March 1969) is a former England cricketer who played 15 women's Test matches and 69 women's one-day internationals and including the 1993 Women's Cricket World Cup triumph in England.	Karen Smithies	20 March 1969
date of birth	Henry Gwiazda (born 1952, silent i) is a composer who specializes in virtual audio, the simulation of a three-dimensional sound space in either headphones or precisely positioned speakers.	Henry Gwiazda	1952
date of birth	William Brade (1560 -- 26 February 1630) was an English composer, violinist, and viol player of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras, mainly active in northern Germany.	William Brade	1560
date of birth	Daniel Tolar (born 4 November 1982) is a former Australian professional rugby league player who played 101 games for the Newcastle Knights.	Daniel Tolar	4 November 1982
date of birth	Patrizius Wittman (b. at Ellwangen, Württemberg, 4 January 1818; d. at Munich, 3 October 1883) was a Catholic journalist.	Patrizius Wittman	4 January 1818
date of birth	Collin O'Neal (born Shawn Loftis in 1975 in Florida), is an American gay pornographic actor and director who appears in gay pornographic films and magazines.	Collin O'Neal	1975
date of birth	Michael Ani (born 30 November 1917) was chairman of the Federal Electoral Commission (FEDECO) established by General Olusegun Obasanjo to conduct elections leading to the Nigerian Second Republic, which was inaugurated on 1 October 1979.	Michael Ani	30 November 1917
date of birth	Zsófi Szemerey (born 2 June 1994 in Kazincbarcika) is a Hungarian team handball goalkeeper who plays for Győri Audi ETO KC.	Zsófi Szemerey	2 June 1994
date of birth	Kim Yong-chun (born 4 March 1936) was a leader of the North Korean military.	Kim Yong-chun	4 March 1936
date of birth	Jackie French Koller (born 1948) is an American author of picture books, chapter books, and novels for children and young adults.	Jackie French Koller	1948
date of birth	Arthur Timótheo da Costa (12 November 1882, Rio de Janeiro -- 5 October 1922, Rio de Janeiro) was an Afro-Brazilian painter and designer.	Arthur Timótheo da Costa	1882
date of birth	Pablo Antonio Gabas (born 21 April 1982) is an Argentine-Costa Rican football player who currently plays for Alajuelense in Primera División.	Pablo Antonio Gabas	21 April 1982
date of birth	Serge Tchurukdichian (born 13 November 1937), known as Serge Tchuruk, is a French businessman of Armenian descent.	Serge Tchuruk	13 November 1937
date of birth	Călin Dan (born 1955 in Arad, Romania) is a Romanian artist, theorist and curator based in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Călin Dan	1955
date of birth	Marlena Spieler (born 16 April 1949) is a food writer of more than 70 cookbooks.	Marlena Spieler	16 April 1949
date of birth	Dollah Kassim (13 March 1949 -- 14 October 2010) was one of the most famous Singaporean footballers during the 1970s.	Dollah Kassim	13 March 1949
date of birth	Harold Adolphus Philips (15 January 1929 -- 5 July 2000), known as Lord Woodbine, was a Trinidadian calypsonian and music promoter.	Lord Woodbine	1929
date of birth	Mick O'Dea (born 1958) is an Irish artist best known as a painter of portraits and historical subjects.	Mick O'Dea	1958
date of birth	Margaret Sabine (1928-2011) worked at the University of Sydney Department of Veterinary Pathology.	Margaret Sabine	1928
date of birth	Morteza Sepahvand (Persian: مرتضی سپهوند ‎, born 7 August 1979) is an Iranian amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at junior welterweight.	Morteza Sepahvand	7 August 1979
date of birth	Helen Verhoeven (born 1974, Leiden) is a painter and sculptor based in New York and Amsterdam.	Helen Verhoeven	1974
date of birth	Marco Risi (born 4 June 1951) is an Italian film director, screenwriter, film producer and cinematographer.	Marco Risi	4 June 1951
date of birth	Maria Ludkin (born 1965) is a lawyer for the GMB Trade Union, the third biggest union in the United Kingdom.	Maria Ludkin	1965
date of birth	Michel Lafourcade (19 April 1941 -- 4 October 2006) was a colonel of French firefighters, director of regional fire and emergency headquarters.	Michel Lafourcade	19 April 1941
date of birth	Carmen Casteiner, married Cagnotto (born 27 September 1954) is a retired Italian diver.	Carmen Casteiner	27 September 1954
date of birth	Mark Boulware (born 1948) is an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Chad from 2010 to 2013.	Mark Boulware	1948
date of birth	Lia Shemtov (Hebrew: ליה שמטוב‎, born 25 May 1958) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of Nazareth Illit City Council.	Lia Shemtov	25 May 1958
date of birth	Omri Sharon (Hebrew: עמרי שרון‎, born 19 August 1964) is a former Israeli politician.	Omri Sharon	19 August 1964
date of birth	Alwin Schockemöhle (born 29 May 1937) is a former German show-jumper.	Alwin Schockemöhle	29 May 1937
date of birth	Ed Sikov (born 1957, Pennsylvania) is an American film scholar and author.	Ed Sikov	1957
date of birth	Marc Parmentier (born 24 March 1956) is a Belgian scientist, and professor at the Institute of Multi-disciplinary Research in Human and Molecular Biology (I.R.I.B.H.M.) of the Université Libre de Bruxelles (ULB).	Marc Parmentier	24 March 1956
date of birth	William Raymond Hunter (born 3 April 1938 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish former cricketer and rugby union player.	Raymond Hunter	3 April 1938
date of birth	Professor Muhammed K. Abubakar (born 19 October 1959) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Science and Technology on 6 April 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.	Muhammed K. Abubakar	19 October 1959
date of birth	Marcus Cliffe (born 1962, Leeds, Yorkshire, England) is an English professional musician, currently the bass player in The Manfreds, a reunion of members of the 1960s pop group Manfred Mann (minus Manfred Mann himself).	Marcus Cliffe	1962
date of birth	Xiao Gang (Chinese: 肖钢; pinyin: Xiāo Gāng; born 1958 in Ji'an, Jiangxi) was the Chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission until 18 January 2016.	Xiao Gang	1958
date of birth	Carlo Ubbiali (born 22 September 1929) is an Italian nine-time World Champion motorcycle road racer.	Carlo Ubbiali	22 September 1929
date of birth	Ricky Diaco (born 6 June 1982) is an Australian footballer who currently plays for South Springvale.	Ricky Diaco	6 June 1982
date of birth	Robert Rhydwenfro Williams, known as Rhydwen Williams, (29 August 1916 -- 2 August 1997), was a Welsh poet, novelist and Baptist minister.	Rhydwen Williams	29 August 1916
date of birth	Fei Xin (Chinese: 费信; ca. 1385 - after 1436) was a member of the military personnel of the fleet of the Ming dynasty admiral Zheng He, known as the author of a book about the countries visited by Chinese ships.	Fei Xin	1385
date of birth	Erzhu Rong (爾朱榮) (493 -- November 1, 530), courtesy name Tianbao (天寶), formally Prince Wu of Jin (晉武王), was a general of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei.	Erzhu Rong	493
date of birth	Ong Keng Sen (born 1963; Chinese: 王景生; pinyin: Wáng Jǐngshēng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ông Kíng-senn) is a Singaporean director of the theatre group TheatreWorks, which was founded in 1985.	Ong Keng Sen	1963
date of birth	John Martin Armiger (born 10 June 1949, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom) is an Australian musician, record producer and film/TV composer.	Martin Armiger	10 June 1949
date of birth	Sture Sivertsen (born 16 April 1966) is a former Norwegian Cross-country skier who competed during the 1990s.	Sture Sivertsen	16 April 1966
date of birth	Baselios Mar Thoma Paulose II (Malayalam: ബസേലിയോസ് മാര്‍ത്തോമ്മാ പൗലോസ്‌ ദ്വിതിയന്‍) (born K. I. Paul on 30 August 1946) is the 91st reigning Catholicos of the East and the Supreme Head of the Indian Orthodox Church.	Baselios Mar Thoma Paulose II	30 August 1946
date of birth	Chuck Forsberg (May 6, 1944 -- September 24, 2015) developed two data transmission protocols popular for uploading and downloading files from dial-up bulletin board systems in the 1990s.	Chuck Forsberg	1944
date of birth	Sally Reid (born 30 September 1982 in Perth, Scotland) is a Scottish stage, radio and television actress who trained at Langside College, Glasgow and with the Steppenwolf Theatre Company and the Second City Training Center in Chicago.	Sally Reid	30 September 1982
date of birth	Ida Schnall (1888 - 14 February 1973) was the captain of the New York Female Giants baseball team and later a Hollywood actress.	Ida Schnall	1888
date of birth	Jess Thorup (born 21 February 1970) is a former Danish professional football forward, who played for the two Danish Superliga sides OB and Esbjerg fB.	Jess Thorup	21 February 1970
date of birth	Issam Ahmad Dibwan al-Makhlafi (Arabic: ), (born in 1977 in Saudi Arabia, identified as a Yemeni) aka Akrama, became briefly wanted in 2002, by the United States Department of Justice's FBI, which was then seeking information about his identity and whereabouts.	Issam Ahmad Dibwan al-Makhlafi	1977
date of birth	Neville Southall MBE (born 16 September 1958) is a Welsh former international footballer.	Neville Southall	16 September 1958
date of birth	Sinaida Rosenthal (22 February 1932 -- 21 November 1988) was a German biochemist and molecular biologist.	Sinaida Rosenthal	22 February 1932
date of birth	Antoine du Verdier (1544 -- 25 September 1600), lord of Vauprivast, was a French politician and writer.	Antoine du Verdier	1544
date of birth	Svein Rennemo (born 24 July 1947) is a Norwegian businessperson and chair of Statoil.	Svein Rennemo	24 July 1947
date of birth	Jonathan Maher (born 1985) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right corner-forward for the London senior hurling team.	Jonathan Maher	1985
date of birth	Takao Tanabe, CM, OBC (born 16 September 1926) is a Canadian painter.	Takao Tanabe	16 September 1926
date of birth	Ton Roosendaal (Dutch: (tɔn ˈroːsɛnˌdaːl); born 20 March 1960) is a Dutch software developer.	Ton Roosendaal	20 March 1960
date of birth	Ivan Deubner (1873--1936) was a Russian Orthodox of German ethnicity who converted to the Russian Catholic Church of Byzantine rite.	Ivan Deubner	1873
date of birth	Don Voisine (born 1952 in Fort Kent, Maine) is an American abstract painter living in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, USA.	Don Voisine	1952
date of birth	Usama Muhammad or Ossama Mohammed (born 21 March 1954) is a Syrian film director and screenwriter.	Usama Muhammad	21 March 1954
date of birth	Emmy van Deurzen (born 13 December 1951 in The Hague, Netherlands) is an existential therapist and honorary Professor at the University of Sheffield.	Emmy van Deurzen	13 December 1951
date of birth	Eddie Duffy (1894--1986) was a traditional Irish musician.	Eddie Duffy	1894
date of birth	Naga Munchetty (born Subham Nagalakshmi Munchetty Chendriam on 25 February 1975), also known by her married name Naga Haggar, is an English journalist and newsreader.	Naga Munchetty	25 February 1975
date of birth	Betsey Guppy Chamberlain (c. 1797--1886) was a textile mill worker of Native American background who wrote sketches and poetry in the early 19th century.	Betsey Guppy Chamberlain	1797
date of birth	Brad Watters (born 1971) is a sports executive who was president of the Toronto Argonauts and Toronto Rock.	Brad Watters	1971
date of birth	Luis Viracocha Quishpe (b. Quito, 1954) is an Ecuadorian artist, teacher, and shaman.	Luis Viracocha	1954
date of birth	Harold Cummins M.D. (May 1894 -- May 12, 1976) was a dermatoglyphics specialist, considered to be the father of dermatoglyphics.	Harold Cummins	May 1894
date of birth	(Richard) Harold Barnwell (1878--1917) was an aviation pioneer.	Harold Barnwell	1878
date of birth	Muriel Anderson (born 1960) is an American composer, guitarist and harp-guitarist.	Muriel Anderson	1960
date of birth	Juan Alonso Zayas (1869 -- October 8, 1898), was a Puerto Rican who served as Second Lieutenant in the Spanish Army.	Juan Alonso Zayas	1869
date of birth	Tang Junyi (Chinese: 唐君毅; pinyin: Táng Jūnyì; Wade--Giles: T'ang Chün-i, 17 January 1909 -- 2 February 1978) was a Chinese philosopher, who was one of the leading exponents of New Confucianism.	Tang Junyi	17 January 1909
date of birth	Dragan Todorović (Serbian: Драган Тодоровић; born in September 1958 in Kragujevac, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a writer and multimedia artist.	Dragan Todorović	1958
date of birth	Jeff Vespa (born 1970) is an American photographer, known as a co-founder of WireImage and the editor-at-large of LIFE.com.	Jeff Vespa	1970
date of birth	Edoardo Ricci (27 April 1928 -- 28 November 2008) was an Italian Bishop for the Roman Catholic Church.	Edoardo Ricci	27 April 1928
date of birth	Keith Worsley (October→December 1952 (age 63--64)) birth registered in Pontefract district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and '80s, playing at representative level for Yorkshire, and at club level for Castleford, and York, as a centre, i.e. number 3 or 4.	Keith Worsley	1952
date of birth	Malhar Rao Holkar (16 March 1693 -- 20 May 1766) was a noble of the Maratha Empire, in present day India.	Malhar Rao Holkar	16 March 1693
date of birth	F. Peter Cundill (October 1938 -- January 24, 2011) was a Canadian value investor.	Peter Cundill	October 1938
date of birth	Ann Van den Broeck (born 1976) is a Flemish actress and musical star.	Ann Van den Broeck	1976
date of birth	Monty Adkins (born 29 March 1972) is a composer, performer and lecturer in electroacoustic music.	Monty Adkins	29 March 1972
date of birth	Ivan Javorčić (born 24 January 1979) is a former Croatian football player, currently in charge as assistant coach of Italian Serie B club Brescia.	Ivan Javorčić	24 January 1979
date of birth	Ingeborg Strandin (18 November 1881 - 8 March 1948) was a Swedish opera singer and actress.	Ingeborg Strandin	18 November 1881
date of birth	Mohamed Soliman was born to a middle-class family on 21 July 1991 in Cairo.Mohamed holds a Bachelor's Degree in Construction Engineering from the Egyptian Aviation Academy.	Mohamed Soliman	21 July 1991
date of birth	Nathaniel P. Wilkerson (born 1972) is a Canadian artist from the Gitksan First Nation in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Nathaniel P. Wilkerson	1972
date of birth	Nhuchhe Ratna Tuladhar (Devanagari: न्हुछे रत्न तुलाधर) (1888 - 25 December 1950) was a Nepalese democracy activist who was martyred in the freedom struggle against the Rana regime.	Nhuchhe Ratna Tuladhar	1888
date of birth	Mark Baguley (born 21 May 1987) is a professional Australian rules footballer, currently vice captain for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Mark Baguley	21 May 1987
date of birth	Philip Haas (born 1954) is an American artist, screenwriter and filmmaker, perhaps best known for his 2012 sculpture exhibition ``The Four Seasons'' and his 1995 film Angels and Insects.	Philip Haas	1954
date of birth	Judy Brooke is an English actress born in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire on 21 February 1970.	Judy Brooke	21 February 1970
date of birth	Don Miguel Ángel Ruiz (born 1952), better known as Don Miguel Ruiz, is a Mexican author of Toltec spiritualist and neoshamanistic texts.	Don Miguel Ruiz	1952
date of birth	Carolyn Burke (born 1940), is an Australian-born American biographer, art critic, and translator.	Carolyn Burke	1940
date of birth	Maryse Marpsat (born 1951) is a French sociologist and statistician whose work employs methods drawn from sociology and statistics but also mathematics.	Maryse Marpsat	1951
date of birth	André Diot (born 1935) is a cinematographer and lighting designer of French theatre and film, who played an important role in the emergence of the profession in France.	André Diot	1935
date of birth	Raymond W. Carpenter (born 1948) is a retired United States Army Major General who served as acting Director of the Army National Guard.	Raymond W. Carpenter	1948
date of birth	Gela Charkviani was born in Tbilisi in 1939 into the family of Candide Charkviani, a leader of the Georgian Communist Party who had been accused in the Mingrelian Affair under Joseph Stalin, and his ophthalmologist wife Tamar Jaoshvili.	Gela Charkviani	1939
date of birth	Michael Xavier (born 27 November 1977) is a two-time Laurence Olivier Award nominated English actor and singer.	Michael Xavier	27 November 1977
date of birth	Kang Yu-mi (Hangul: 강유미, born 5 October 1991) is a South Korean football player for Hwacheon KSPO WFC and the South Korean national team.	Kang Yu-mi	5 October 1991
date of birth	Frank Greenhoff (3 March 1924 -- August 1999) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.	Frank Greenhoff	3 March 1924
date of birth	Sheldon Turcott (1936 - February 18, 2000) was a Canadian television journalist and news anchor, best known as a reporter and host on CBC Television for four decades.	Sheldon Turcott	1936
date of birth	Grigore Singurel (born Yefim Krimerman, 1923) is a Bessarabian journalist.	Grigore Singurel	1923
date of birth	George W. Forrest (born 1839) was a farmer and political figure.	George W. Forrest	1839
date of birth	Abraham Davenport (1715 -- November 20, 1789) was an American politician who served in the Connecticut Governor's Council during the American Revolution, and as a colonel in the Connecticut state militia.	Abraham Davenport	1715
date of birth	Alan of Lynn (c. 1348 -- after 1423), or Alanus de Lynna, was a famous English theologian of the first half of the fifteenth century.	Alan of Lynn	1348
date of birth	Laura Van Gilder (born 11 December 1964, Pocono Pines, Pennsylvania) is a professional road bicycle racer from Cresco, Pennsylvania, United States.	Laura Van Gilder	11 December 1964
date of birth	Maharan Radi (Arabic: مهران راضي‎, Hebrew: מהראן ראדי‎; born 1 July 1982) is an Israeli footballer who has played for Hapoel Be'er Sheva since 2015.	Maharan Radi	1 July 1982
date of birth	Phil Scraton (born 1949) is a criminologist, academic and author.	Phil Scraton	1949
date of birth	Paul Dale (born 1970) was announced in July 2010 as the first CTO to be appointed to the management board at ITV plc, biggest commercial television network in the UK.	Paul Dale	1970
date of birth	Ahmad Faruqui (born 1953) is a defense analyst and economist.	Ahmad Faruqui	1953
date of birth	HP Tinker (born 24 May 1969) is a Manchester-based short story writer whose avant garde fiction has frequently been compared to Borges and Donald Barthelme.	HP Tinker	24 May 1969
date of birth	Paul A. Mooney (c. 1941 -- April 23, 2000) was an American sports executive who served as president of the Boston Bruins and Boston Garden from October 1, 1975 to March 24, 1987.	Paul A. Mooney	1941
date of birth	Arjun Kapoor (pronounced (ɐrˈɟun kəˈpuːr); born 26 June 1985) is an Indian actor who appears in Bollywood films.	Arjun Kapoor	26 June 1985
date of birth	David Molony (23 August 1950 -- 4 September 2002) was an Irish Fine Gael politician who served as both a Senator and a Teachta Dála (TD).	David Molony	23 August 1950
date of birth	Braian Mansilla (16 April 1997) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Quilmes on loan from Racing Club.	Braian Mansilla	16 April 1997
date of birth	Elin Klinga (born 13 August 1969) is a Swedish actress who took part in several of Ingmar Bergman's late stage productions.	Elin Klinga	13 August 1969
date of birth	Anna Vladimirovna Shurochkina (Russian: Анна Владимировна Шурочкина, born 15 August 1990), better known by her stage name Nyusha (Ню́ша) is a Russian singer-songwriter.	Nyusha	15 August 1990
date of birth	Andrej Kral (born 1969) is a German / Slovak neuroscientist and director of the Institute of AudioNeuroTechnology at the Hannover Medical School.	Andrej Kral	1969
date of birth	Pierce Egan (1772--1849) was a British journalist, sportswriter, and writer on popular culture.	Pierce Egan	1772
date of birth	Charlie Charters (born 1968, London) is a former rugby union official and sports marketing executive turned thriller writer whose debut book Bolt Action was published by Hodder & Stoughton in 2010.	Charlie Charters	1968
date of birth	Yu Xie (谢宇, 1959-) is a leading American sociologist and an instrumental figure in the development of empirical sociology in China.	Yu Xie	1959
date of birth	Holden Chow Ho-ding (Chinese: 周浩鼎, born 1979) is a Hong Kong solicitor and politician.	Holden Chow	1979
date of birth	William S. Gailmor (1910 -- November 14, 1970) was a medical writer and lecturer.	William S. Gailmor	1910
date of birth	Klaus Mainzer (born 2 February 1979 in Heidelberg, Germany) is a German international rugby union player, playing for the TV Pforzheim in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.	Klaus Mainzer	2 February 1979
date of birth	Scott Barron (born 2 September 1985) is a former English professional football left back.	Scott Barron	2 September 1985
date of birth	Christian Fredrikson (born 1964 in Finland) is the President and CEO at F-Secure Corporation, an anti-virus and computer security and computer software company based in Helsinki, Finland.	Christian Fredrikson	1964
date of birth	Yehezkel Lazarov (Hebrew: יחזקאל לזרוב Y'ḥezeqel Lazarov‎, born 8 February 1974) is an Israeli actor, voice actor, dancer and choreographer.	Yehezkel Lazarov	8 February 1974
date of birth	Judy Dunaway (born 1964 in Mississippi) is an avant-garde composer, free improvisor, conceptual sound artist and creator of sound installations who is primarily known for her sound works for latex balloons.	Judy Dunaway	1964
date of birth	Mor Shushan (born 4 November 1988) is an Israeli footballer who plays as centre back for Hapoel Bnei Lod.	Mor Shushan	4 November 1988
date of birth	Mary Beth Ruskai (born 1944) is an American mathematician, Professor Emeritus of Mathematics at the University of Massachusetts.	Mary Beth Ruskai	1944
date of birth	Yōsuke Kawasaki (born May 1977) is a noted orchestral violinist, chamber musician and soloist.	Yōsuke Kawasaki	May 1977
date of birth	Carl Gugasian (born October 12, 1947) is an American prisoner who is serving a 17-year sentence for robbery, known as ``The Friday Night Bank Robber''.	Carl Gugasian	1947
date of birth	Anna Goldsworthy (born 9 June 1974) is an Australian writer and classical pianist.	Anna Goldsworthy	9 June 1974
date of birth	Dennis Chamberland (born 1951) is an American bioengineer, explorer, and author.	Dennis Chamberland	1951
date of birth	Forbes Falconer (10 September 1805, Aberdeen -- 1853), was a Scottish Persian scholar.	Forbes Falconer	10 September 1805
date of birth	Shaun Balfe (born 4 June 1972) is a British racing car driver from Grantham who won the 2004 Spanish GT Championship.	Shaun Balfe	4 June 1972
date of birth	Ajaib Kamal (born 1932) is a writer of the Punjabi language.	Ajaib Kamal	1932
date of birth	Mark Endert (born 1971, California) is an American music producer, mixer, arranger and musician.	Mark Endert	1971
date of birth	Arthur Koehler (1885--1967) was a chief wood technologist at the Forest Products Laboratory in Madison, Wisconsin, and was important in the development of wood forensics in the 1930s through his role in the investigation of the Lindbergh kidnapping.	Arthur Koehler	1885
date of birth	Elvin Morton ``Bunky'' Jellinek (1890--1963), E. Morton Jellinek, or most often, E. M. Jellinek, was a biostatistician, physiologist, and an alcoholism researcher.	E. Morton Jellinek	1890
date of birth	Marcos Alonso Peña (born 1 October 1959) is a Spanish retired footballer, and a current coach.	Marcos Alonso Peña	1 October 1959
date of birth	Steve Matchett (born 23 December 1962 in England) is a commentator for American TV network NBC and NBC Sports Network on its various Formula One programmes.	Steve Matchett	23 December 1962
date of birth	David Parish (1778 -- April 27, 1826) was a German-born land speculator and financier who played a major role in financing the United States military effort in the War of 1812 and in chartering the Second Bank of the United States.	David Parish	1778
date of birth	Carey Harrison (born 1944) is an English novelist and dramatist.	Carey Harrison	1944
date of birth	Carson Fox (born 1970, Oxford, Mississippi) is an American artist who lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.	Carson Fox	1970
date of birth	Sylwia Nowak-Trębacka (Polish pronunciation: (ˈsɨlvja ˈnɔvak trɛmˈbat͡ska); born 28 April 1976 in Łódź) is a Polish ice dancer.	Sylwia Nowak	28 April 1976
date of birth	Mac MacLeod (born Keith MacLeod, 9 July 1941, St Albans, Hertfordshire) is an English musician who was a part of the Hertfordshire folk and blues scene from 1959 onwards.	Mac MacLeod	9 July 1941
date of birth	Krom Ngoy (Khmer: ក្រមង៉ុយ) (born Ouk Ou អ៊ុក អ៊ូ; 1865 -- 1936) was a famous Khmer poet and player of ``Kse Diev'', a Khmer traditional one string instrument.	Krom Ngoy	1865
date of birth	Tim Luscombe (born 1960) is a British playwright, director, actor and teacher.	Tim Luscombe	1960
date of birth	Nebojša Vučković (born 13 May 1949) is a Serbian football manager who manages Al-Nasr in the Omani League.	Nebojša Vučković	13 May 1949
date of birth	Bogdan Milić (Cyrillic: Богдан Милић, born 24 November 1987) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a striker.	Bogdan Milić	24 November 1987
date of birth	Asanga Jayasooriya (born 28 September 1971) is a Sri Lankan former first class cricketer.	Asanga Jayasooriya	28 September 1971
date of birth	Donald Wills Douglas, Sr. (6 April 1892 -- 1 February 1981) was an influential American aircraft industrialist and engineer.	Donald Wills Douglas, Sr.	6 April 1892
date of birth	Robert Cogoi (born Mirko Kogoj, 25 October 1939) is a Belgian singer, best known for his participation in the 1964 Eurovision Song Contest.	Robert Cogoi	25 October 1939
date of birth	Kalamu ya Salaam (born March 24, 1947) is a poet, author, filmmaker, and teacher from the 9th Ward of New Orleans.	Kalamu ya Salaam	1947
date of birth	Bob Justin (born 1941) is an American outsider artist from New Jersey.	Bob Justin	1941
date of birth	Yulia Nestsiarenka, née Bartsevich (Belarusian: Юлія Несцярэнка, Julija Nieściarenka; Russian: Юлия Нестеренко, Yuliya Nesterenko; born 15 June 1979) is a Belarusian sprinter.	Yulia Nestsiarenka	15 June 1979
date of birth	Ewart Beckford OD (born 21 September 1942), known by the stage name U-Roy, is a Jamaican vocalist and pioneer of toasting.	U-Roy	21 September 1942
date of birth	Ashish Shelar (born 3 October 1972) is an 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly represents Vandre West (Vidhan Sabha constituency).	Ashish Shelar	3 October 1972
date of birth	Marcius Melhem (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈmaʁ.sius 'mɛ.ʎẽ); born February 8, 1972), is a Brazilian actor and comedian.	Marcius Melhem	1972
date of birth	Reverend Kuruvilla Pandikattu, born 28 November 1957, is an Indian Jesuit Priest and Professor of Philosophy, Science and Religion at Jnana-Deepa Vidyapeeth:	Kuruvilla Pandikattu	28 November 1957
date of birth	Bernardo de Pace (San Ferdinando di Puglia, 1886 -- Brooklyn, 1966) was a musician and comedic vaudeville performer of the 1920s, billed as ``the Wizard of the Mandolin''.	Bernardo de Pace	1886
date of birth	Simon Dodd (born 7 June 1959) is an Australian comedy writer, author, playwright and feature writer.	Simon Dodd	7 June 1959
date of birth	Rinaldo de Lamare (1910, Santos, São Paulo -- 2002, Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian physician specialized in pediatrics and a bestseller writer of books on child health and care for the general public.	Rinaldo de Lamare	1910
date of birth	Winnie Cordero (born 1 November 1966) is a Filipina comedienne, actress and TV host.	Winnie Cordero	1 November 1966
date of birth	Joaquín Gómez Mira (born 26 April 1941) is a scientist and physician specialized in radiation oncology.	Joaquín Gómez Mira	26 April 1941
date of birth	Wojciech Stępień (born 6 July 1970) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish national team in 1994, coach.	Wojciech Stępień	6 July 1970
date of birth	Radha Ravi (born 29 July 1952) is an Indian film and television actor, who played supporting roles throughout his career.	Radha Ravi	29 July 1952
date of birth	Valerian Revenco (born 1 December 1939 in Bălți) is a Moldovan politician who was Minister of Labor, Family and Social Protection (1999-2005) and Minister of Health (2005).	Valerian Revenco	1 December 1939
date of birth	Robin Wolaner (born 1954) is an entrepreneur and business author.	Robin Wolaner	1954
date of birth	Warren H. Phillips (born 1926) is a journalist and publishing industry executive best known as the chief executive officer of Dow Jones & Company from March 1975 to January 1, 1991, and chairman of the board of Dow Jones from March 1978 until he retired in July 1991 at age 65.	Warren H. Phillips	1926
date of birth	Ananda Rao Samuel was born on 29 December 1928 in the port town of Machilipatnam, Andhra Pradesh into a Dalit Anglican family and studied at the local Noble College during 1944 to 1949 earning the degrees of BA and MA.	Ananda Rao Samuel	29 December 1928
date of birth	Shek Sau (Chinese: 石修, born Chan Shek-sau, Bill, 21 November 1948) is a Hong Kong actor working for TVB.	Shek Sau	21 November 1948
date of birth	Sudhangshu Dasgupta (1912--2003) was an Indian politician --	Sudhangshu Dasgupta	1912
date of birth	Heinrich Jost (13 October 1889 -- 27 September 1948) was a German typographer and graphic designer.	Heinrich Jost	13 October 1889
date of birth	Manu Guix (Manuel Guix) (8 December 1979, Barcelona) is a composer, musical director and Catalan performer.	Manu Guix	8 December 1979
date of birth	Lars Borgersrud (born 11 March 1949) is a Norwegian military historian and government scholar.	Lars Borgersrud	11 March 1949
date of birth	Sumner Stone (born in Venice, Florida on 9 June 1945) is a typeface designer and graphic artist.	Sumner Stone	9 June 1945
date of birth	Florian Homm (born 7 October 1959) is a German former businessman and investment banker.	Florian Homm	7 October 1959
date of birth	Zhu Yuqing (born 22 April 1963) is a retired Chinese heptathlete.	Zhu Yuqing	22 April 1963
date of birth	Joseph Francis Stewart, known as Joe Stewart (1889 -- 6 May 1964), was an Irish nationalist politician.	Joseph Francis Stewart	1889
date of birth	Ratchayothin Yotharuck (Thai: รัชโยธิน โยธารักษ์, born 13 December 1995) is a Thai former professional snooker player.	Ratchayothin Yotharuck	13 December 1995
date of birth	Subhendu Chatterjee (29 November 1936 -- 5 July 2007) was an Indian actor of television and films in Bengali.	Subhendu Chatterjee	29 November 1936
date of birth	Ehsan Adil (Urdu: احسان عادل‎), (born 15 March 1993) is a Pakistani international cricketer.	Ehsan Adil	15 March 1993
date of birth	Clinton Bennett (born 7 October 1955) is a British American scholar of religions and participant in interfaith dialogue specialising in the study of Islam and Muslim-non-Muslim encounter.	Clinton Bennett	7 October 1955
date of birth	Dénes Berényi (26 December 1928 -- June 27, 2012) was a Hungarian nuclear physicist, member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences (MTA) and Head of the Institute of Nuclear Research of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1976 to 1990.	Dénes Berényi	26 December 1928
date of birth	Piotr Gawryś (born 1955) is a Polish bridge player.	Piotr Gawryś	1955
date of birth	Aung Yin (Burmese: အောင်ရင်, (ʔàʊɴ jɪ̀ɴ), born 28 June 1964) is a well-known Burmese pop singer, who reached the height of his career in the late 1980s to early 1990s.	Aung Yin	28 June 1964
date of birth	Ondřej Sokol (born 16 October 1971), is a Czech director, actor and translator.	Ondřej Sokol	16 October 1971
date of birth	Richard H. Steckel (born 1944) is an American heterodox economist with a focus on economic history.	Richard H. Steckel	1944
date of birth	John Souttar (born 25 September 1996) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Heart of Midlothian (Hearts) in the Scottish Premiership, and for the Scotland under-21 team.	John Souttar	25 September 1996
date of birth	Dilana Robichaux (born 10 August 1972) is a South African singer, songwriter, and performer who lives in Los Angeles, California.	Dilana	10 August 1972
date of birth	Queen Silvia of Sweden (Swedish pronunciation: ('sɪlvɪa); born Silvia Renate Sommerlath on 23 December 1943) is the spouse of King Carl XVI Gustaf and mother of the heir apparent to the throne, Crown Princess Victoria.	Queen Silvia of Sweden	23 December 1943
date of birth	Nina Gershon (born 1940) is a federal district judge in the Eastern District of New York.	Nina Gershon	1940
date of birth	Kudrat Singh Meenakar (24 April 1924 -- 21 March 2002) was an Indian jeweller who specialised in kundan meenakari.	Kudrat Singh	24 April 1924
date of birth	David Wiese (born 18 May 1985) is a South African cricketer who has made 30 first-class appearances since his debut in October 2005.	David Wiese	18 May 1985
date of birth	Liam McGeary (born 4 October 1982) is an English professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's light heavyweight division.	Liam McGeary	4 October 1982
date of birth	Heather Foord (born 1965) is an Australian television journalist.	Heather Foord	1965
date of birth	Dror Moreh (b. 4 November 1961) is an Israeli cinematographer and director.	Dror Moreh	4 November 1961
date of birth	Lea Gabrielle (born Lea Gabrielle Potts in 1975) is a journalist and correspondent for the Fox News Channel.	Lea Gabrielle	1975
date of birth	William Peckitt (1731 -- 14 October 1795) was an English glass-painter and stained glass maker.	William Peckitt	1731
date of birth	William Brereton, 2nd Baron Brereton (28 February 1611 -- April 1664) was an English landowner and politician.	William Brereton, 2nd Baron Brereton	28 February 1611
date of birth	Aleksandar Mikijelj (Cyrillic: Александар Микијељ, born 5 February 1979) is a Montenegrin footballer.	Aleksandar Mikijelj	5 February 1979
date of birth	Karna Lidmar-Bergström (born 1940) is a Swedish geologist and geomorphologist known for her study of Pre-Quaternary landforms in Fennoscandia and Canada.	Karna Lidmar-Bergström	1940
date of birth	Alf Eriksson (born 1948) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician who has been a member of the Riksdag since 1992.	Alf Eriksson	1948
date of birth	George Ware, Ph.D. (1924--2010) was an American dendrologist and former research director of the Morton Arboretum Illinois who specialized in the evaluation of Asiatic species of elm as urban trees.	George Ware	1924
date of birth	Liu Gang (born 30 January 1961) is a Chinese scientist who studies mathematical model, computer science, and theoretical physics.	Liu Gang	1961
date of birth	Professor Ferdinand von Prondzynski (born 30 June 1954) is the Principal and Vice-Chancellor of The Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland.	Ferdinand von Prondzynski	30 June 1954
date of birth	Ron Wear (born December 21, 1979) is a Canadian model and actor from Edmonton, Alberta, who won the Mr. World Canada competition in 2010.	Ron Wear	1979
date of birth	John Hay Forbes, Lord Medwyn (1776--1854) was a Scottish judge.	John Hay Forbes, Lord Medwyn	1776
date of birth	Paul di Resta (born 16 April 1986) is a British racing driver who drove in Formula One from 2010 to 2013.	Paul di Resta	16 April 1986
date of birth	Georgi Tsonov (Bulgarian: Георги Цонов; born 2 May 1993) is a Bulgarian athlete specialising in the triple jump.	Georgi Tsonov	2 May 1993
date of birth	Pat Nourse (born 1977) is an Australian restaurant critic and food writer.	Pat Nourse	1977
date of birth	Diandra Paramita Sastrawardaya; born 16 March 1982), more popularly known as Dian Paramita Sastro (Javanese: ꦢꦶꦄꦤ꧀꧈ꦦꦫꦩꦶꦠ꧈ꦯꦱ꧀ꦠꦿ) or Dian Sastrowardoyo (Javanese: ꦢꦶꦄꦤ꧀꧈ꦯꦱ꧀ꦠꦿꦮꦂꦢꦪ), is an Indonesian model and actress.	Dian Sastrowardoyo	16 March 1982
date of birth	Burl Barer (born 1947, Walla Walla, Washington) is an American author, literary historian and radio host.	Burl Barer	1947
date of birth	Alberto Sandoval (born 12 March 1958) was a Mexican-American professional boxer and is the older brother of former WBA Champion, Richie Sandoval.	Alberto Sandoval	12 March 1958
date of birth	Daniel O'Mahony (born 24 July 1973) is a half-British half-Irish author, born in Croydon.	Daniel O'Mahony	24 July 1973
date of birth	Keith Martin Ball FRS FRSE (born 26 December 1960) is a mathematician and professor at the University of Warwick.	Keith Martin Ball	26 December 1960
date of birth	Joseph Tom Burgess (1828--1886) was an English journalist and writer, artist and antiquarian.	Joseph Tom Burgess	1828
date of birth	Fabio Caballero, better known as Caballero (born 1 October 1992), is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for América Futebol Clube (MG).	Fabio Caballero	1 October 1992
date of birth	Wang Xiankui (Chinese: 王宪魁; born July 1952) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2013 as the Communist Party Secretary of Heilongjiang, the top political office in the province.	Wang Xiankui	July 1952
date of birth	Evgeni Utkin (Ukrainian: Євген Володимирович Уткін, Russian: Евгений Владимирович Уткин) was born in Donetsk, Ukraine, in 1958.	Evgeni Utkin	1958
date of birth	Norma Sabrina Salerno (born 15 March 1968), also known in her singing career as Sabrina and Sabrina Salerno, is an Italian singer, songwriter, record producer, model, actress, and TV hostess.	Sabrina Salerno	15 March 1968
date of birth	Alfred Brendel KBE (born 5 January 1931) is an Austrian pianist, poet and author.	Alfred Brendel	5 January 1931
date of birth	John Linley Frazier, known as The Killer Prophet (January 20, 1946 -- August 13, 2009), was an American mass murderer who killed five people in Santa Cruz, California.	John Linley Frazier	1946
date of birth	Jonas Johansen (born 22 March 1985) is a Norwegian footballer who signed for Tromsdalen in 2010, Johansen's strongest position is central defender but can also play in defence midfield and attacking midfield.	Jonas Johansen	22 March 1985
date of birth	Empress He Fani (何法倪) (339--404), formally Empress Muzhang (穆章皇后, literally ``the solemn and polite empress''), semi-formally Empress Yong'an (永安皇后), was an empress of Jin.	He Fani	339
date of birth	General Henry Saint Clair Wilkins (3 December 1828 -- 15 December 1896) was a British army officer, who served East India Company in India, Aden and later in Abyssinia.	Henry Saint Clair Wilkins	3 December 1828
date of birth	Kabange Mupopo (born 21 September 1992) is a Zambian sprinter and football player, won Gold in African games September 2015	Kabange Mupopo	21 September 1992
date of birth	Serge Pun (Burmese: သိမ်းဝေ, Theim Wai; Chinese: 潘繼澤; pinyin: Pān Jìzé; born 1953 in Rangoon, Burma) is chairman of the Serge Pun & Associates Group (SPA Group), a multinational real estate firm, and Yoma Bank, a Burma-based bank.	Serge Pun	1953
date of birth	Horace Pym (2 July 1844 -- 5 May 1896) was a confidential solicitor, book collector and the editor of the best-selling private journal of the Quaker writer, Caroline Fox:	Horace Pym	2 July 1844
date of birth	Nabil Baha (Arabic: نبيل باها; born 12 August 1981) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Fath Union Sport as a striker.	Nabil Baha	12 August 1981
date of birth	Richard Drayton FRHistS (born 1964) is a Guyana-born historian and Rhodes Professor of Imperial History at King's College London.	Richard Drayton	1964
date of birth	Mario Basini (born 1943) is a journalist, broadcaster and author, the son of a Welsh Italian cafe owner in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales.	Mario Basini	1943
date of birth	Wynne Hooper (born 5 June 1952 in Seven Sisters, Wales) is a Welsh former professional footballer.	Wynne Hooper	5 June 1952
date of birth	Nusrat Faria Mazhar (pronounced (nusrʌt ˈfʌrɪə); born 8 September 1993) is a Bangladeshi film actress, model, television presenter and radio jockey.	Nusrat Faria Mazhar	8 September 1993
date of birth	Beverly Broadman (c. 1948 -- March 27, 2008) was an American journalist who was one of the original reporter for CNN.	Beverly Broadman	1948
date of birth	Jerzy Skarżyński (born 13 January 1956) is a retired Polish runner who specialized in the marathon.	Jerzy Skarżyński	13 January 1956
date of birth	Peter Croton (born in 1957 in New York City) is a Swiss-American lutenist and guitarist.	Peter Croton	1957
date of birth	DJ Misja Helsloot (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmɪʃaː ˈɦɛlsloːt); born 21 January 1973 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch Trance and Progressive DJ. Misja In 1992, Helsloot, at the age of nineteen, started to purchase albums and organize his own parties.	Misja Helsloot	21 January 1973
date of birth	Amy Brown (born 1972, in Bellingham, Washington) is a popular fantasy and fairy artist.	Amy Brown	1972
date of birth	Charles Sabouret, born 1884, was a French figure skater.	Charles Sabouret	1884
date of birth	Lucy Martin (born 5 May 1990) is a British retired professional road and track cyclist.	Lucy Martin	5 May 1990
date of birth	Gilberto Román (29 November 1961 -- 27 June 1990) was a Mexican boxer in the Super Flyweight division and a member of the 1980 Mexican Olympic team.	Gilberto Román	29 November 1961
date of birth	Henry Baum (born 29 June 1972) is an American writer, blogger and musician and is considered part of the Rebel Inc. writing movement.	Henry Baum	29 June 1972
date of birth	Cochi Ponzoni (born 11 March 1941) is an Italian actor, screenwriter, singer and comedian.	Cochi Ponzoni	11 March 1941
date of birth	Graeme Shepherd (born in 1986), better known by his stage name Grum, is a Scottish electronic musician and producer.	Grum	1986
date of birth	John Bush Jones (born August 1940) is an American, author, theatre director and former theatre critic and educator.	John Bush Jones	August 1940
date of birth	Hosteen Klah (Navajo: Hastiin Tłʼa, 1867--1937) was a Navajo artist and medicine man.	Hosteen Klah	1867
date of birth	Harry Halliday (9 February 1920 -- 27 August 1967) was an English first-class cricketer, who played 182 games for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1938 and 1953.	Harry Halliday	9 February 1920
date of birth	Steve Castle (born 17 May 1966 in Barking) is a former English football Midfielder who played in the Football League between 1984 and 2001.	Steve Castle	17 May 1966
date of birth	Elena Ruehr (born 1963, Ann Arbor) is an American musician, music educator and composer.	Elena Ruehr	1963
date of birth	Laxman Londhe (Marathi: लक्ष्मण लोंढे 13 October 1944 - 6 Aug 2015) was a noted novelist and science fiction author in Marathi.	Laxman Londhe	13 October 1944
date of birth	Robert Trelawney (25 March 1598 -- 1643) was an English merchant and colonist who settled lands in Maine USA and a politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1640 to 1642.	Robert Trelawney	25 March 1598
date of birth	Lena Headey (/ˈliːnə ˈhiːdi/ LEE-nə HEE-dee; born 3 October 1973) is an English actress.	Lena Headey	3 October 1973
date of birth	Jan Smyrak (born 26 November 1950) is a retired Polish and later German cyclist.	Jan Smyrak	26 November 1950
date of birth	Michael Tyrrell (born 1946) is an Antigua-born drug trafficker who headed a drug ring along with his Common law wife Julie Paterson, known as the ``Cocaine Queen''.	Michael Tyrrell	1946
date of birth	Ger Rogan (born 1963) is an Irish hurling manager and former dual player.	Ger Rogan	1963
date of birth	Simon Strantzas (born 1972) is a weird fiction author from Toronto, Canada.	Simon Strantzas	1972
date of birth	Lydeke von Dülmen Krumpelmann (born Groningen, 24 August 1952) is a Dutch sculptor and ceramist.	Lydeke von Dülmen Krumpelmann	24 August 1952
date of birth	Stefan Schuster (born 7 November 1961 in Meissen) is a German biophysicist.	Stefan Schuster	7 November 1961
date of birth	Kim Kyung-roul (Korean: 김경률; 23 February 1980 -- 22 February 2015) was a South Korean professional billiards player.	Kim Kyung-roul	23 February 1980
date of birth	Leopold David de Rothschild, CBE, FRCM (12 May 1927 -- 19 April 2012) was a British financier, musician, and a member of the Rothschild banking family of England.	Leopold David de Rothschild	12 May 1927
date of birth	Andrew Brel (born Andreas Broulidakis, 28 September 1960) is a UK author whose work includes 'The Emergency Bouzouki Player' and 'One Day in Paris' and a Music Producer.	Andrew Brel	28 September 1960
date of birth	Carlos Henry Bosdet was an electrical engineer, born in 1857, in Arichat, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Carlos Henry Bosdet	1857
date of birth	Harry E. Kinney (1924 -- May 9, 2006) was Mayor of Albuquerque for two terms, from 1974--77 and 1981--1985, as well as Chairman of the City Commission from 1971--1973.	Harry E. Kinney	1924
date of birth	Samson Mulugeta (Amharic: ሳምሶን ሙሉጌታ; born 14 December 1983) is an Ethiopian footballer.	Samson Mulugeta	14 December 1983
date of birth	Raoul John Njeng-Njeng (born 1 April 1991), who performs under the mononym Skales, is a Nigerian rapper, singer-songwriter and performer.	Skales	1 April 1991
date of birth	Miguel Barbachano y Tarrazo (29 September 1807 -- 17 December 1859) (Baqueiro 1896) was a liberal Yucatecan politician, who was 5 times governor of Yucatán between 1841 and 1853.	Miguel Barbachano	29 September 1807
date of birth	B. V. Ramanaa (born 8 May 1967) is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly from Tiruvallur constituency.	B. V. Ramanaa	8 May 1967
date of birth	Erik Angra (born March 21st, 1986) is an American director, cinematographer and film editor.	Erik Angra	1986
date of birth	Simon Regan (7 August 1942 -- 8 August 2000) was a British journalist best known for founding Scallywag magazine, which deliberately took risks with libellous articles about public figures.	Simon Regan	7 August 1942
date of birth	Shayna Richardson (born 1984) is a student skydiver from Joplin, Missouri who made headlines in 2005 after she survived a skydiving accident and fell face first in a parking lot, and later was found to be pregnant.	Shayna Richardson	1984
date of birth	Born Randall Sprigg Davis on August 12, 1972, Sprigg is the sixth of seven children born to Dix and Lynn Davis of Escondido, California.	Sprigg Davis	1972
date of birth	Joseph ben Ephraim Karo, also spelled Yosef Caro, or Qaro (1488 -- March 24, 1575), was author of the last great codification of Jewish law, the Shulchan Aruch, which is still authoritative for all Jews pertaining to their respective communities.	Joseph ben Ephraim Karo	1488
date of birth	Theodosii Spassov (born 4 March 1961) is a Bulgarian jazz musician who plays kaval.	Theodosii Spassov	4 March 1961
date of birth	Wang Shuaiting (Chinese: 王帅廷; pinyin: Wáng Shuàitíng; born October 1955) is a former Chinese business executive.	Wang Shuaiting	October 1955
date of birth	Sir Christopher Pegge M.D. (1765--1822) was an English physician.	Christopher Pegge	1765
date of birth	Lord George Manners-Sutton (8 March 1723 -- 7 January 1783, Kelham Hall), born Lord George Manners, was a British nobleman and politician, the third son of John Manners, 3rd Duke of Rutland.	Lord George Manners-Sutton	8 March 1723
date of birth	Oussama Assaidi (Arabic: أسامة السعيدي‎, Tamazight : Ušama Ašaidi; born 15 August 1988) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a winger for Al-Ahli Dubai, and the Moroccan national team.	Oussama Assaidi	15 August 1988
date of birth	LiQin Tan (谭力勤 born 1957) is a Chinese-born American digital artist, animator and educator who has taught in China, Canada, Singapore and the U.S.A.	LiQin Tan	1957
date of birth	Aeneas Coffey (1780--1852) was an Irish inventor and distiller.	Aeneas Coffey	1780
date of birth	William Budd (14 September 1811 -- 9 January 1880) was an English physician and epidemiologist known for recognizing that infectious diseases were contagious.	William Budd	14 September 1811
date of birth	Waldemar Tatarczuk, born in 1964 in Siemiatycze, Poland, lives and works in Lublin, Poland.	Waldemar Tatarczuk	1964
date of birth	Alessandro Martinelli (born 30 May 1993) is a Swiss footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Brescia, on loan from Sampdoria.	Alessandro Martinelli	30 May 1993
date of birth	Rennie Stoyanova (born 30 July 1957) was a nurse for 25 years in Bulgaria.	Rennie Stoyanova	30 July 1957
date of birth	Willis Rushton (birth registered July−September 1936) birth registered in Pontefract district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, as a Centre, i.e. number 3 or 4.	Willis Rushton	1936
date of birth	Vallo Reimaa (born 8 May 1961 in Kose, Harjumaa) is an Estonian politician of the Pro Patria and Res Publica Union.	Vallo Reimaa	8 May 1961
date of birth	Rolf Jähnichen (born Helmsdorf 11 May 1939) is a retired German politician.	Rolf Jähnichen	11 May 1939
date of birth	Keith Warburton (born 7 June 1929) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League.	Keith Warburton	7 June 1929
date of birth	David Pownall FRSL (born 19 May 1938) is a British playwright and author of novels and short stories.	David Pownall	19 May 1938
date of birth	Alice Barlow (born 9 August 1991), is an English actress and singer, best known for her role in Hollyoaks as Rae Wilson.	Alice Barlow	9 August 1991
date of birth	Sanlı Sarıalioğlu (born 1 January 1945) is a Turkish former footballer and current football columnist and TV pundit.	Sanlı Sarıalioğlu	1 January 1945
date of birth	Saya GyiU Ba Lwin (Burmese: မြို့မ ဦးဘလွင်) (born in Rangoon, Burma on 20 September 1892) was founder of the Myoma National High School.	Ba Lwin	20 September 1892
date of birth	Bobby Perry (born 1985) is an American basketball player who played both forward positions for the University of Kentucky from 2003 to 2007.	Bobby Perry	1985
date of birth	Lynn Gumert (born 1961), is an American musician and contemporary composer.	Lynn Gumert	1961
date of birth	Adem Güven (born 11 October 1985) is a Turkish-Norwegian football player plays for Kongsvinger.	Adem Güven	11 October 1985
date of birth	Maria W. Stewart (Maria Miller) (1803 -- February 6, 1880) was an African-American domestic servant who became a journalist, lecturer, abolitionist, and women's rights activist.	Maria W. Stewart	1803
date of birth	Françoise Saudan (born 9 November 1939 in Lyon, Martigny) is a Swiss politician from the FDP.The Liberals.	Françoise Saudan	9 November 1939
date of birth	Seub Nakhasathien (Thai: สืบ นาคะเสถียร, 31 December 1949 -- 1 September 1990) was a Thai conservationist who was well known for his efforts to conserve and protect the nature in Huai Kha Khaeng Wildlife Sanctuary and Chiew Larn.	Seub Nakhasathien	31 December 1949
date of birth	Lavender Cheung (張宏艷) (born 1970 in Beijing, China) is a former news anchor of Cable TV Hong Kong of Hong Kong.	Lavender Cheung	1970
date of birth	Levente Gyöngyösi (Cluj-Napoca, 1975 ) is a Romania-born Hungarian composer.	Levente Gyöngyösi	1975
date of birth	Jordi Lardín Cruz (born 4 June 1973) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a winger.	Jordi Lardín	4 June 1973
date of birth	Richard Budding (born 6 May 1957 in Renkum, Gelderland) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a right winger.	Richard Budding	6 May 1957
date of birth	Gillian Sheen (born 21 August 1928) is a British fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition.	Gillian Sheen	21 August 1928
date of birth	Protase Rugambwa (born 31 May 1960) is the current adjunct secretary of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples and concurrently president of Pontifical Mission Societies since his appointment was announced on 26 June 2012.	Protase Rugambwa	31 May 1960
date of birth	Jake Pickard (born 14 March 1997) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish club Queen of the South.	Jake Pickard	14 March 1997
date of birth	Mike Elizalde (born 1960) is an American special make-up effects artist.	Mike Elizalde	1960
date of birth	Wamsutta was born of royal blood in circa 1634 as the eldest son of Massasoit Ousa Mequin, leader of the Wampanoag.	Wamsutta	1634
date of birth	Carlos Garaikoetxea Urriza (born in Pamplona, Navarre, 2 June 1938) is a former Basque politician.	Carlos Garaikoetxea	2 June 1938
date of birth	Clyde Haberman (born 1945) is an American journalist who was a longtime columnist and correspondent for The New York Times.	Clyde Haberman	1945
date of birth	Hannah Russell (born 5 August 1996) is a British Paralympic swimmer competing in S12 classification events.	Hannah Russell	5 August 1996
date of birth	Darko Milinović (born 25 April 1963) is a Croatian politician and gynecologist who served as Minister of Health and Social Welfare from 2008 until 2011.	Darko Milinović	25 April 1963
date of birth	Paul Towndrow (born 13 December 1978) is a Scottish saxophonist, composer, arranger and educator.	Paul Towndrow	13 December 1978
date of birth	Dr Anne Dambricourt-Malassé (born 1959) is a paleoanthropologist at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS).	Anne Dambricourt-Malassé	1959
date of birth	Kurt Küppers was born in 1894, birthplace unknown.	Kurt Küppers	1894
date of birth	Ladislav Miko (born 9 April 1961) is Czech environmental expert and politician.	Ladislav Miko	9 April 1961
date of birth	Ove Boudin (born 1950) is a Swedish grappa expert, importer and author.	Ove Boudin	1950
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Ibrahim al-Hamdi (1943 - October 11, 1977) (Arabic: إبراهيم الحمدي‎) was the leader of a military coup d'etat in Yemen Arab Republic that overthrew the regime of President Abdul Rahman al-Iryani on June 13, 1974.	Ibrahim al-Hamdi	1943
date of birth	Émile Isola was born on 4 September 1860 in Blida, Algeria and died in Paris on 17 May 1945.	Émile Isola	4 September 1860
date of birth	Nuruddin Farah (Somali: Nuuradiin Faarax, Arabic: نورالدين فارح‎) (born 24 November 1945) is a prominent Somali novelist.	Nuruddin Farah	24 November 1945
date of birth	Nie Shicheng (Chinese: 聂士成; pinyin: Niè Shìchéng; Wade--Giles: Nieh Shih-ch'eng) (1836 -- July 1900) was a Chinese general who served the Imperial government during the Boxer Rebellion.	Nie Shicheng	1836
date of birth	Mari Chordà Recasens (born 1942, Amposta, Catalonia) is an artist, painter, poet and a Catalan feminist socio-cultural activist.	Mari Chordà	1942
date of birth	Mohamad Nasir Mohamad or M. Nasir (born 4 July 1957 in Singapore), is a Singaporean-Malaysian poet, singer-songwriter, composer, producer, actor and film director.	M. Nasir	4 July 1957
date of birth	Alina Lohvynenko (born 18 July 1990) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 51.19 seconds at the 400 metres event.	Alina Lohvynenko	18 July 1990
date of birth	Manjalamkuzhi Ali, was born on 1 January 1952, as the 4th son of Manjalamkuzhi Mohammed Alias Manu and Perincheeri Kunhaysha.	Manjalamkuzhi Ali	1 January 1952
date of birth	Pierre Célestin Munyanshongore (born 1942 in Butare province and died in 2011) was an ethnic Hutu engineer in Rwanda.	Pierre Célestin Munyanshongore	1942
date of birth	Anders Paulsson, born October 14, 1961, is a Swedish soprano saxophonist.	Anders Paulsson	1961
date of birth	John Peter Mettauer (1787 -- 1875) was an American surgeon and gynecologist born in Prince Edward County, Virginia.	John Peter Mettauer	1787
date of birth	Alexander Webster (1708 -- January 25, 1784) was a Scottish writer and minister, son of James Webster, a covenanting minister originally from Fife, was born in Edinburgh.	Alexander Webster	1708
date of birth	Saint Adamo Abate (c. 990 -- 1060--1070) was an Italian medieval Benedictine abbot, a promoter of the unification of the Southern populations in Italy under Roger II of Sicily.	Adamo Abate	990
date of birth	Willy Hartner (22 January 1905 -- 16 May 1981) was a German scientist and polymath.	Willy Hartner	22 January 1905
date of birth	Michael Coveney (born 24 July 1948, London) is a British theatre critic.	Michael Coveney	24 July 1948
date of birth	Mads Brügger (born 24 June 1972) is a Danish filmmaker and TV host.	Mads Brügger	24 June 1972
date of birth	Gaël N'Lundulu (born 29 April 1992) is a French professional footballer of Congolese descent who plays for Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki) in the Football League 2 (Greece), as a midfielder.	Gaël N'Lundulu	29 April 1992
date of birth	Vincent Mar Paulos (born 20 February 1964) is the Metropolitan Bishop of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Eparchy of Marthandom.	Vincent Mar Paulos	20 February 1964
date of birth	Dr. Eamon O'Shea (born 1958) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Tipperary and Dublin senior teams.	Eamon O'Shea	1958
date of birth	Ray Carey (born 7 July 1986 Cork) is an Irish sportsperson.	Ray Carey	7 July 1986
date of birth	Eleanor Stewart (2 February 1913 -- 4 July 2007), was an American film actress of the 1930s and 1940s, appearing mostly in western films.	Eleanor Stewart	2 February 1913
date of birth	Alex Lozowski (born 30 June 1993) is a professional English rugby union footballer playing in the Aviva Premiership for Wasps.	Alex Lozowski	30 June 1993
date of birth	Anton Perich is an American filmmaker, photographer and video artist, born in Dubrovnik, Croatia, in 1945.	Anton Perich	1945
date of birth	John Ledyard (November 1751 -- 10 January 1789) was an American explorer and adventurer.	John Ledyard	November 1751
date of birth	Ameenah Gurib was born in the village of Surinam on 17 October 1959, to parents Hassenjee Gurib and Firdaus Durgauhee.	Ameenah Gurib	17 October 1959
date of birth	Michael Sinclair Sanders (born 1939) is a British amateur archaeologist.	Michael Sinclair Sanders	1939
date of birth	Martha Schlamme (born Martha Haftel, September 25, 1923 -- October 6, 1985) was an Austrian-born American singer and actress.	Martha Schlamme	1923
date of birth	Davide Tiso (born 21 June 1979) is a guitarist, composer and multi-instrumentalist.	Davide Tiso	21 June 1979
date of birth	Luca Giannone (born 2 July 1989) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Serie C side Catania.	Luca Giannone	2 July 1989
date of birth	Sindri Freysson (born 23 July 1970 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic novelist and poet.	Sindri Freysson	23 July 1970
date of birth	Madeleine Williams (born 28 March 1983 at Rocky Mountain House, Alberta) is a Canadian cross-country skier who has competed internationally since 2000.	Madeleine Williams	28 March 1983
date of birth	Jiang Jianguo (Chinese: 蒋建国; born December 1956) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Jiang Jianguo	December 1956
date of birth	Siah Albison (born about 1840) was a professional British runner who set a world record in the mile in the 1860s.	Siah Albison	1840
date of birth	Carl Friedrich Wenzel (c. 1740 -- February 26, 1793) was a German chemist and metallurgist who determined the reaction rates of various chemicals, establishing, for example, that the amount of metal that dissolves in an acid is proportional to the concentration of acid in the solution.	Carl Friedrich Wenzel	1740
date of birth	Peter DePoe (also known as Last Walking Bear) was born in Neah Bay, Washington, in 1943.	Peter DePoe	1943
date of birth	Vera Michallek, née Steiert (born 6 November 1958) is a retired (West) German middle and long-distance runner.	Vera Michallek	6 November 1958
date of birth	James Hamilton-Paterson (born 6 November 1941) is a poet and novelist.	James Hamilton-Paterson	6 November 1941
date of birth	Pieter Hellendaal (1 April 1721 -- 19 April 1799) was an Anglo-Dutch composer, organist and violinist.	Pieter Hellendaal	1 April 1721
date of birth	Ellen Rocche, also known as Ellen Roche (born 19 July 1979) is a Brazilian actress and model.	Ellen Rocche	19 July 1979
date of birth	Desmond Seward (born 22 May 1935, Paris) is a British popular historian and the author of many books, including biographies of Henry IV of France, Eleanor of Aquitaine, Marie Antoinette, Empress Eugenie and Napoleon's Family.	Desmond Seward	22 May 1935
date of birth	William Vincent Barré (1760?--1829), was a European, a translator and author mainly notable for his writings on Napoleon.	William Vincent Barré	1760
date of birth	Vito Frazzi (1 August 1888 -- 7 July 1975) was an Italian neo-romantic composer.	Vito Frazzi	1 August 1888
date of birth	Bülent Tüfenkci (born 1 January 1966) is a Turkish politician from the Justice and Development Party (AKP) who currently serves as the Minister of Customs and Trade since 24 November 2015 in the third government of Ahmet Davutoğlu.	Bülent Tüfenkci	1 January 1966
date of birth	Dudley Riggs (born 1932) is an improvisational comedian who created the Instant Theater Company in New York, which later moved to Minneapolis to become the Brave New Workshop (BNW) comedy troupe.	Dudley Riggs	1932
date of birth	Dennis Aogo (German pronunciation: (ˈdɛ.nɪz ˈaʊ.ɡøː); born 14 January 1987) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left back and left wing-back or midfielder for Schalke 04.	Dennis Aogo	14 January 1987
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Bonacina (born c. 1620) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period.	Giovanni Battista Bonacina	1620
date of birth	Nancy Chepkwemoi (born 8 October 1993) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner who competes mainly in the 1500 metres.	Nancy Chepkwemoi	8 October 1993
date of birth	Rolf Magener (3 August 1910 -- 5 May 2000) was the first German prisoner to escape successfully from India during World War II. His daring escape from a camp at Dehradun in 1944 with mountaineer Heinrich Harrer is documented in Megener's memoir, Prisoner's Bluff.	Rolf Magener	3 August 1910
date of birth	Pieter Nooten (born 22 January 1961 in Oss) is a Dutch musician and composer best known for his work with Clan of Xymox.	Pieter Nooten	22 January 1961
date of birth	Born on 5 January 1954, Professor Rory Shaw was educated at Bedford School and at the Medical College of St Bartholomew's Hospital.	Rory Shaw	5 January 1954
date of birth	Eugene Platon (1959) is a native of Republic of Moldova, previously U.S.S.R. In 1982, he graduated from MIPT with a M.S. degree as a qualified Engineer in Applied Mathematics and Control Science.	Eugene Platon	1959
date of birth	Roger Matton OC (18 May 1929 -- 7 June 2004) was a Canadian composer, ethnomusicologist, and music educator.	Roger Matton	18 May 1929
date of birth	Jahangir Mirshekari (Persian: جهانگیر میرشکاری ; born 1947) is an Iranian Sound recordist.	Jahangir Mirshekari	1947
date of birth	Monica Ceccon (born 3 February 1976) is a former road cyclist representing Italy and Saint Kitts and Nevis.	Monica Ceccon	3 February 1976
date of birth	Scott Sorensen (born 16 March 1993) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League.	Scott Sorensen	16 March 1993
date of birth	Brigitte Kuhlmann (1947--1976) was a founding member of the West German left-wing militant group Revolutionäre Zellen (RZ, or Revolutionary Cells in English; frequently considered a terrorist group).	Brigitte Kuhlmann	1947
date of birth	Charles D. Ferris (born 1931) served as Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission from October 17, 1977 to February 4, 1981.	Charles D. Ferris	1931
date of birth	Les Gock (born 1954) originally came to prominence when he joined the Australian band Hush in 1972.	Les Gock	1954
date of birth	Stuart Storey (born in September 1942, Louth, Lincolnshire) is a British sports commentator and former 110m hurdler.	Stuart Storey	1942
date of birth	Sylvester John Hemleben was born February 25, 1902, in La Crosse, Wisconsin, a descendant of an ancient German family which emigrated to America to practice medicine and pharmacy in pioneer Wisconsin.	Sylvester John Hemleben	1902
date of birth	Ganga Prasad Vimal was born in 1939 in Uttarkashi, a Himalayan town in Uttarakhand state.	Ganga Prasad Vimal	1939
date of birth	Josip Glasnović (born 7 May 1983) is a Croatian sports shooter who competes in shotgun events.	Josip Glasnović	7 May 1983
date of birth	Peter Wildeblood (19 May 1923 -- 14 November 1999) was an Anglo-Canadian journalist, novelist, playwright and gay rights campaigner.	Peter Wildeblood	19 May 1923
date of birth	Hamja Ahsan (Bengali: হামজা আহসান); born 17 March 1981) is an English artist, independent curator, writer on contemporary art, and human rights activist.	Hamja Ahsan	17 March 1981
date of birth	Rosa María Vázquez Bustamante (born 5 August 1943) is a Mexican actress of film and television.	Rosa María Vázquez	5 August 1943
date of birth	Mukotani Rugyendo (born Kigezi, 1949) is a Ugandan poet, writer and journalist probably best known for his poem ``My Husband Has Gone''.	Mukotani Rugyendo	1949
date of birth	Pietro Paolétti (Belluno, 1801 - Belluno, October 23, 1847) was an Italian painter and engraver.	Pietro Paolétti	1801
date of birth	Ustad Allarakha Qureshi (29-April 1919 -- 3 February 2000), popularly known as Alla Rakha, was an Indian tabla player.	Alla Rakha	29-April 1919
date of birth	Jonathan Pryce, CBE (born John Price; 1 June 1947) is a Welsh actor and singer.	Jonathan Pryce	1 June 1947
date of birth	Yu Man-gyun (born 3 April 1974) is a South Korean sledge hockey goalkeeper who used to be a wheelchair basketball player.	Yu Man-gyun	3 April 1974
date of birth	Eliezer Weishoff (Hebrew: אליעזר ויסהוף‎; born 1938) is a master of numerous fine art disciplines, active in Israel since the 1950s.	Eliezer Weishoff	1938
date of birth	Adam Beard (born 7 January 1996) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Ospreys regional team as a Lock.	Adam Beard	7 January 1996
date of birth	Tony Spears (October--December 1965 (age 50--51)) birth registered in Wakefield district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, playing at club level for Castleford, as a wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.	Tony Spears	1965
date of birth	Kristen Thomson (born 1966) is a Canadian actress and playwright.	Kristen Thomson	1966
date of birth	Jarmila Šuláková (born 27 June 1929) is a Czech folk singer and occasional actress.	Jarmila Šuláková	27 June 1929
date of birth	Daniel Repacholi (born 15 May 1982) is an Australian sports shooter who has competed at three Olympic Games.	Daniel Repacholi	15 May 1982
date of birth	Abdulnasser Gharem (born 4 June 1973) is a Saudi Arabian artist and also a Lieutenant Colonel in the Saudi Arabian army.	Abdulnasser Gharem	4 June 1973
date of birth	Virgil Oliver Stamps (1892 -- 1940) was a shape note promoter, singer, composer, and singing school teacher.	Virgil Oliver Stamps	1892
date of birth	Krång Anna Carolina Norén (born 29 January 1965) is a Swedish radio presenter for Sveriges Radio and television presenter.	Carolina Norén	29 January 1965
date of birth	Martin Litherland OBE (born 1945, Woking, England) is a geologist who has travelled and published widely.	Martin Litherland	1945
date of birth	Oscar Manchester (14 April 1878 -- 20 February 1958) was a former Australian Rules footballer.	Oscar Manchester	14 April 1878
date of birth	Françoise Pascal (born 14 October 1949) is an actress and model who was born to French Mauritian parents;	Françoise Pascal	14 October 1949
date of birth	Luigi Colani (born Lutz Colani 2 August 1928), is a German industrial designer.	Luigi Colani	2 August 1928
date of birth	Arsenije Loma (Serbian Cyrillic: Арсеније Лома; 1778-1815) was a Serbian voivode (military commander) in the First and Second Serbian Uprising of the Serbian Revolution (1804-1817).	Arsenije Loma	1778
date of birth	Htein Lin (Burmese: ထိန်လင်း, IPA: (tʰèiɴ lɪ́ɴ); born 31 December 1966) is a Burmese painter, performance artist, and activist.	Htein Lin	31 December 1966
date of birth	Carlos Alfredo Urrutia Valenzuela (born 30 August 1949) was the 34th Ambassador of Colombia to the United States.	Carlos Alfredo Urrutia Valenzuela	30 August 1949
date of birth	Stephen Ackles (born 15 February 1966), son of Norwegian mother (Bergliot Kittilsen) and American father (Allan Dale Ackles) is a beloved Norwegian vocalist, pianist, and songwriter who mainly play rock 'n' roll inspired by Jerry Lee Lewis, Chuck Berry, Little Richard, Elvis Presley with several.	Stephen Ackles	15 February 1966
date of birth	John Osmond (born 1946) was the director of the independent Welsh think-tank, the Institute of Welsh Affairs until May 2013.	John Osmond	1946
date of birth	Valiollah Seif (Persian: ولی الله سیف, born 1 January 1952) is an Iranian economist.	Valiollah Seif	1 January 1952
date of birth	Ruth-Ann Boyle (born 26 April 1970, Sunderland) is an English pop music singer who became famous during the 1990s.	Ruth-Ann Boyle	26 April 1970
date of birth	Damien Dernoncourt, (born in 1971) is the Non-Executive Chairman of John Hardy, a luxury jewelry brand.	Damien Dernoncourt	1971
date of birth	Hal Osmond (born 1902, London -- December 1959 in Taunton, Somerset) was a British film and television actor.	Hal Osmond	1902
date of birth	John Michael Jack CBE PC (born 17 September 1946 in Folkestone, Kent, England) is the interim Chairman of the Office of Tax Simplification.	Michael Jack	17 September 1946
date of birth	Li Zhong (李忠) (643 -- January 6, 665), courtesy name Zhengben (正本), formally Prince of Yan (燕王), was a crown prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.	Li Zhong	643
date of birth	Theuderic IV (c. 712 -- 737) or Theuderich, Theoderic, or Theodoric; in French, Thierry was the Merovingian King of the Franks from 721 until his death in 737.	Theuderic IV	712
date of birth	Justin Erasmus (born 22 January 1990 in Johannesburg) is a South African Australian pitcher for the Brisbane Bandits and the Joliet Slammers.	Justin Erasmus	22 January 1990
date of birth	Clare O'Leary (born 1972) is an Irish gastroenterologist, mountain climber and adventurer.	Clare O'Leary	1972
date of birth	Ken Yeang (born 1948) is a Malaysian architect, ecologist and author known for his signature ecoarchitecture and ecomasterplans.	Ken Yeang	1948
date of birth	Robert Perišić (born 1969 in Split, Croatia) is a Croatian writer, freelance journalist and screenwriter.	Robert Perišić	1969
date of birth	John Clerk, Lord Eldin FRSE FSA (1757--1832) was a Scottish judge based in Edinburgh.	John Clerk, Lord Eldin	1757
date of birth	Vincent Kipruto Limo (born 13 September 1987) is a Kenyan long distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Vincent Kipruto	13 September 1987
date of birth	José María Glaría Avizanda (born 24 May 1966), better known as Flaco, is a Spanish football coach and former player.	Flaco	24 May 1966
date of birth	Emily Anderson, OBE (March 1891 -- October 1962) was a British Foreign Office official and scholar of German.	Emily Anderson	1891
date of birth	Nicholas Hough (born 20 October 1993) is an Australian sprinter and hurdler.	Nicholas Hough	20 October 1993
date of birth	Nick Hanauer (born 1959) is an American entrepreneur and venture capitalist living in Shoreline, Washington.	Nick Hanauer	1959
date of birth	Edward Ofere (born 28 March 1986) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Premiership club Dundee United.	Edward Ofere	28 March 1986
date of birth	Nnaemeka Anyamele (born 16 May 1994) a Finnish football player of Nigerian descent currently playing for Finnish Veikkausliiga side HIFK.	Nnaemeka Anyamele	16 May 1994
date of birth	Thottathil B. Radhakrishnan (Malayalam: തോട്ടത്തിൽ. ബി. രാധാകൃഷ്ണൻ; born 29 April 1959) is a judge of Kerala High Court.	Thottathil B. Radhakrishnan	29 April 1959
date of birth	Leo T. Sorokin (born 1961) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts and former Chief United States Magistrate Judge of the same court.	Leo T. Sorokin	1961
date of birth	Branka Musulin (6 August 1917 - 1 January 1975) was a German-Croatian classical pianist and teacher.	Branka Musulin	6 August 1917
date of birth	John Tojeiro (3 December 1923, Estoril, Portugal -- 16 March 2005, Cambridge, England), affectionately known as Toj, was an engineer and racing car designer whose innovations helped to revolutionise car design in the 1950s and '60s.	John Tojeiro	3 December 1923
date of birth	Eric Crees (born 1952) was appointed Principal Trombone of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden (London) in 2000.	Eric Crees	1952
date of birth	Jack Warshaw (born 1942 in New York City) is an American folksinger, songwriter and musician.	Jack Warshaw	1942
date of birth	Cristoforo di Geremia (1410--1476) was an Italian medalist and sculptor.	Cristoforo di Geremia	1410
date of birth	Mallam Nuhu Ribadu mni (born 21 November 1960) was the Chairman of the Petroleum Revenue Task Force and a former Nigerian government anti-corruption official.	Nuhu Ribadu	21 November 1960
date of birth	Dr. Satish Sikha (born 12 August 1971) is an Indian-born Canadian fashion designer, particularly noted for his Haute Couture designs In the year 2007, he left fashion designing and started a campaign against Global Warming.	Satish Sikha	12 August 1971
date of birth	Rebecka Henriette Lejeune Dirichlet (née Rebecka Mendelssohn; 11 April 1811 -- 1 December 1858) was a granddaughter of Moses Mendelssohn and the youngest sister of Felix Mendelssohn and Fanny Mendelssohn.	Rebecka Mendelssohn	11 April 1811
date of birth	Artyom Filiposyan (Russian: Артём Филипосян, born 6 January 1988) is an Uzbek professional footballer of Armenian descent.	Artyom Filiposyan	6 January 1988
date of birth	Moses Qqu Odhiambo (born 28 October 1980), known commonly as Qqu is a Kenyan singer, songwriter, choreographer, performer, instrumentalist, Lifestyle Entrepreneur and digital artist.	Qqu	28 October 1980
date of birth	Tuanku Fauziah (born 6 June 1946), is the current Raja Perempuan of Perlis.	Tuanku Fauziah	6 June 1946
date of birth	Paulo César Pinheiro (born 28 April 1949) is a Brazilian poet and composer.	Paulo César Pinheiro	28 April 1949
date of birth	Johann Schnitzler (10 April 1835 -- 2 May 1893) was an Austrian Jewish laryngologist and professor.	Johann Schnitzler	10 April 1835
date of birth	Lasse Gjertsen (born 19 July 1984) is a Norwegian animator, musician, and videographer known on YouTube as lassegg.	Lasse Gjertsen	19 July 1984
date of birth	Jon R. Thomas (born 1946) was United States Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics Matters from 1984 to 1986.	Jon R. Thomas	1946
date of birth	Ivan Vandor (born 13 October 1932) is an Italian composer, musician and ethnomusicologist of Hungarian origin.	Ivan Vandor	13 October 1932
date of birth	Chu Ke-liang or Chu Ko-liang (Chinese: 豬哥亮; pinyin: Zhū Gēliàng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ti Ko-liōng or Ti Ko-liāng; born 5 December 1946) is a Taiwanese actor and comedian most famous as a television show host.	Chu Ke-liang	5 December 1946
date of birth	Jeanne Gang (born 1964) is an American architect and MacArthur Fellow.	Jeanne Gang	1964
date of birth	Sebastian Warholm is a Norwegian actor from Oslo, born in 1995 with roots in Brønnøysund.	Sebastian Warholm	1995
date of birth	Ludwig Devrient (15 December 1784 -- 30 December 1832) was a German actor, noted for his playing in the works of Shakespeare and Schiller.	Ludwig Devrient	15 December 1784
date of birth	Damiano Zoffoli (17 July 1960) is an Italian politician, replacing Alessandra Moretti in February 2015 as a member of the European Parliament representing the Democratic Party in the constituency of North East Italy.	Damiano Zoffoli	17 July 1960
date of birth	Valentino Giambelli (born 8 March 1928) is a former Italian Footballer and businessman, chairman of A.C. Monza Brianza 1912 from 1980 to 2000.	Valentino Giambelli	8 March 1928
date of birth	Helen O'Clery (née Gallagher) (1910 -- 11 October 2006) was an Irish writer specializing in children's books.	Helen O'Clery	1910
date of birth	Dong Chao (Chinese: 董超; pinyin: Dǒng Chāo; born 13 December 1985) is a Chinese sport shooter.	Dong Chao	13 December 1985
date of birth	Pedro Ignacio Saenz, Jr., known as Pete Saenz (born 1951), is the mayor of his native Laredo in Webb County in south Texas, a position which he assumed on November 12, 2014.	Pete Saenz	1951
date of birth	Dato' Sri Lee Ee Hoe, JP (Chinese: 李益輝; born 5 July 1964), also known as Lee San, is a Malaysian tourist guide and entrepreneur based in Kuala Lumpur.	Lee Ee Hoe	5 July 1964
date of birth	Rakesh Jhunjhunwala (born 5 July 1960) is an Indian Investor and Trader.	Rakesh Jhunjhunwala	5 July 1960
date of birth	Emma Geary (born November 1977, in Larne, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom), (Artist name: Anarkitty), is a Pop-Surrealist artist from Northern Ireland.	Emma Geary	November 1977
date of birth	Derec Llwyd Morgan (born 15 November 1943) is a Welsh academic who is a former Vice-Chancellor of the University of Wales, Aberystwyth.	Derec Llwyd Morgan	15 November 1943
date of birth	Leopold Wächtler (1896--1988) was a German artist known for his prints, portraiture and silhouettes.	Leopold Wächtler	1896
date of birth	Petko Ilić (Serbian Cyrillic: Петко Илић, July, 1886 -- March 17, 1912) was a Serbian Chetnik commander active in Macedonia.	Petko Ilić	1886
date of birth	Rich Shapero (born 1948) is an American venture capitalist, self-published writer, and musician.	Rich Shapero	1948
date of birth	Antony Pogorelsky (Russian: Анто́ний Погоре́льский Никола́й) is a penname of Alexey Alexeyevich Perovsky (Russian Алексе́й Алексе́евич Перо́вский), (1787--July 21 (O.S. July 9) 1836) a Russian prose writer.	Antony Pogorelsky	1787
date of birth	Jamale Aarrass (born 15 November 1981) is a French middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres and the 1500 metres.	Jamale Aarrass	15 November 1981
date of birth	James Battersby (born 5 November 1958) is an Australian former national champion and Olympic level rower.	James Battersby	5 November 1958
date of birth	Hu Xiaolian (Chinese: 胡晓炼; born 1958) is the Deputy Governor of the People's Bank of China and the former director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in China.	Hu Xiaolian	1958
date of birth	Edwin M. Shook (22 November 1911 -- 9 March 2000) was an American archaeologist and Mayanist scholar, best known for his extensive field work and publications on pre-Columbian Maya civilization sites.	Edwin M. Shook	22 November 1911
date of birth	Donna Pope (born 15 October 1931 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a former Director of the United States Mint, appointed by President Ronald Reagan.	Donna Pope	15 October 1931
date of birth	Kjell Landmark (14 October 1930 -- 21 October 2010) was a Norwegian poet and politician, born in Arendal.	Kjell Landmark	14 October 1930
date of birth	Kevin Cashman, (b. Dec. 25, 1951, United States) is a bestselling author, keynote speaker and internationally recognized pioneer in the field of CEO and executive development.	Kevin Cashman	1951
date of birth	Marion Borgelt (born 1954) is a contemporary Australian artist based in Sydney.	Marion Borgelt	1954
date of birth	Mariam de Bagration (born 27 June 1947 in Madrid) is a Spanish-Georgian noblewoman (tavadi) of the House of Mukhrani.	Mariam de Bagration	27 June 1947
date of birth	Barbara Rockemberg (d. aft. 12 November 1463), also known as Barbara Orientowa, was a Polish bourgeois lady who in her third marriage became Duchess of Racibórz, Krnov, Bruntál and Rybnik during 1451-1452 and Sovereign ruler over Pszczyna during 1452-1462.	Barbara Rockemberg	1463
date of birth	Nicolas Minassian (born 28 February 1973) is a French professional racing driver of Armenian descent.	Nicolas Minassian	28 February 1973
date of birth	Peter Urbach (2 May 1940 -- 3 May 2011) was an informant and agent provocateur of the West Berlin domestic intelligence agency, the Verfassungsschutz, in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Peter Urbach	2 May 1940
date of birth	Carlos L. Pedraja (born 1955) was a member of the Fourth Quorum of the Seventy of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Carlos L. Pedraja	1955
date of birth	Per Skjerwen Olsen (born 26 September 1939) is a Norwegian ice hockey player and football player.	Per Skjerwen Olsen	26 September 1939
date of birth	Armon Trick (born 4 February 1978 in Rottweil, Germany) is a retired German international rugby union player, formerly playing for the SC Neuenheim in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.	Armon Trick	4 February 1978
date of birth	Mohammed Ahmed Alhassan (born 21 January 1954) is a Ghanaian police officer and former United Nations official.	Mohammed Ahmed Alhassan	21 January 1954
date of birth	Thomas Hinderwell (1744--1825) was a British, eighteenth-century historian.	Thomas Hinderwell	1744
date of birth	Sidney Cooke (born 18 April 1927) is an English convicted child molester and suspected serial killer serving two life sentences.	Sidney Cooke	18 April 1927
date of birth	Mustafa A.G. Abushagur (Arabic: مصطفى ابوشاقور غيت ابوشاقور; born 15 February 1951) is a Libyan politician, professor of electrical engineering, university president and entrepreneur.	Mustafa A.G. Abushagur	15 February 1951
date of birth	Hugh of Die (c. 1040 -- 1106) was a French papal legate, and Archbishop of Lyon from 1081 to 1106.	Hugh of Die	1040
date of birth	Chuck Whelon (born 1969), is an internationally published author and cartoonist based in San Francisco California.	Chuck Whelon	1969
date of birth	Rade Kotur, born circa 1952 is a Bosnian Serb living in Sweden, where he has run a gambling empire and been involved in organized crime.	Rade Kotur	1952
date of birth	Mariyan Ognyanov (Bulgarian: Мариян Огнянов; born 30 July 1988 in Lom) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Botev Plovdiv as a midfielder.	Mariyan Ognyanov	30 July 1988
date of birth	Henri de Bernières (c. 1635 -- 1700) was a French Catholic priest who served as the first resident pastor of Quebec in France's American colony of New France.	Henri de Bernières	1635
date of birth	Pat Pelly (12 November 1877 -- 20 February 1939) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Pat Pelly	12 November 1877
date of birth	Glyn Pardoe (born 1 June 1946) is an English former footballer who played for Manchester City between 1962 and 1974.	Glyn Pardoe	1 June 1946
date of birth	Conor Ramsay (born 9 March 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Arthurlie in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Conor Ramsay	9 March 1993
date of birth	Joseph Brookbank, Brooksbank, or Brookesbank (born 1612) was an English cleric and schoolmaster.	Joseph Brookbank	1612
date of birth	Danny Mrwanda (born 6 April 1983) is a Tanzanian international footballer who plays as a striker for Vietnamese club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai.	Danny Mrwanda	6 April 1983
date of birth	George Wightwick Rendel (6 February 1833 -- 9 October 1902) was a British engineer, and naval architect.	George Wightwick Rendel	6 February 1833
date of birth	Sonja Aldén (born 20 December 1977 in St Albans, England) is a Swedish singer mostly famous for her 2006, 2007 and 2012 Melodifestivalen entries, and for working together with Shirley Clamp and Sanna Nielsen, as well as her songwriting for other artists.	Sonja Aldén	20 December 1977
date of birth	William Ewen (born c. 1720 -- died late 1776 or early 1777) was the first president of the Council of Safety of Georgia during the American Revolution.	William Ewen	1720
date of birth	Adolphe Moudiki (born 10 December 1938) is a Cameroonian political figure who has been Director-General of the National Hydrocarbons Company (Société nationale des hydrocarbures, SNH), the state oil company of Cameroon, since 1993.	Adolphe Moudiki	10 December 1938
date of birth	Aleksandr Petrenko (Russian: Александр Петренко; born 8 February 1983) is a Russian triple jumper.	Aleksandr Petrenko	8 February 1983
date of birth	Patrick Shen (born 1975) is an American writer and award-winning director and producer of Flight from Death, a seven-time Best Documentary award-winning film.	Patrick Shen	1975
date of birth	Charles Peter Wroth (1929--1991) was a British Civil Engineer, a world pioneer in Geotechnical Engineering and Soil Mechanics.	Peter Wroth	1929
date of birth	Trésor Lomana LuaLua (/ˈtrɛzɔːr ləˈmɑːnə luːˌɑːluːˈɑː/; born 28 December 1980) is a Congolese footballer who last played for Turkish Süper Lig club Akhisar Belediyespor and the Congo DR national team.	Lomana LuaLua	28 December 1980
date of birth	Irit Batsry (born 1957)) is an Israeli-American video artist.	Irit Batsry	1957
date of birth	Norman Nodel (1922-2000) was an American comics-illustrator, mostly known for his work in Classics Illustrated.	Norman Nodel	1922
date of birth	Hephaestio of Thebes (b. AD 380) was an ancient writer on astrology.	Hephaestio	380
date of birth	Brock Enright (born 1976), is an artist, who was raised in Virginia Beach, Virginia.	Brock Enright	1976
date of birth	Aldo Ortiz (born 1961), better known as Ricky Santana, is a professional wrestler who has worked for World Championship Wrestling, World Wrestling Federation, World Wrestling Council and the National Wrestling Alliance.	Ricky Santana	1961
date of birth	Medbh McGuckian (born as Maeve McCaughan on 12 August 1950) is a poet from Northern Ireland.	Medbh McGuckian	12 August 1950
date of birth	Guillaume Joli (born 27 March 1985) is a French handballer.	Guillaume Joli	27 March 1985
date of birth	William Battie-Wrightson (6 October 1789 -- 10 February 1879) was a British landowner and Whig politician.	William Battie-Wrightson	6 October 1789
date of birth	Yihua An (born February 1970) is the chairmen of Stem Cell Transplantation Center (also called as Department of Neural Stem Cells) in the General Hospital of Chinese People's Armed Police Forces.	Yihua An	February 1970
date of birth	Dominique Phinot (c. 1510 -- c. 1556) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance, active in Italy and southern France.	Dominique Phinot	1510
date of birth	Eric Roozendaal (born 16 March 1962), a former Australian politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council, serving between 2004 and 2013.	Eric Roozendaal	16 March 1962
date of birth	Alessi's Ark is the musical project of Alessi Laurent-Marke (born 30 June 1990), a British singer-songwriter from Hammersmith in West London.	Alessi's Ark	30 June 1990
date of birth	Jean-François Le Gall (born 15 November 1959) is a French mathematician working in areas of probability theory such as Brownian motion, Lévy processes, superprocesses and their connections with partial differential equations, the Brownian snake, random trees, branching processes, stochastic coalescence and random planar maps.	Jean-François Le Gall	15 November 1959
date of birth	Falaba Issa Traoré (1930 -- August 8, 2003) was a Malian writer, comedian, playwright, and theatre and film director.	Falaba Issa Traoré	1930
date of birth	Yigal Mossinson (alternate spellings include Igal Mossinsohn and Yigal Mosenzon) (25 December 1917 -- 1 May 1994) was an Israeli novelist, playwright, and inventor.	Yigal Mossinson	25 December 1917
date of birth	Valerio Cioli (or Cigoli or Giogoli) (1529--1599) was an Italian sculptor	Valerio Cioli	1529
date of birth	Karenanne Gussgard (born 2 January 1940) is a retired Norwegian judge.	Karenanne Gussgard	2 January 1940
date of birth	Bhakti Sharma (born 30 November 1989) is an Indian Open water swimmer.	Bhakti Sharma	30 November 1989
date of birth	Anne Woodrooffe (born Anne Cox; 14 July 1766) was a 19th-century British author.	Anne Woodrooffe	14 July 1766
date of birth	William E. Rodriguez (1879--1970) was an American socialist politician and lawyer.	William E. Rodriguez	1879
date of birth	Cosimo Pinto (born 14 March 1943) is a retired Italian light heavyweight boxer who won a gold medal at the 1964 Olympics.	Cosimo Pinto	14 March 1943
date of birth	Ecaterina Oancia (born 25 March 1954 in Sângeorgiu de Mureș) is a Romanian rowing cox	Ecaterina Oancia	25 March 1954
date of birth	Francesco Pio de Savoya y de Moura (1672--1723) was a Spanish nobleman who held numerous hereditary and awarded titles.	Francesco Pio de Savoya	1672
date of birth	Josef Murr (6 June 1864, Brixen -- 4 January 1932, Innsbruck) was an Austrian classical philologist and botanist.	Josef Murr	6 June 1864
date of birth	Simon Thoreson (May 29, 1849 -- March 20, 1918) was a merchant, businessman and elected official.	Simon Thoreson	1849
date of birth	Luca Turin (born 20 November 1953) is a biophysicist and writer with a long-standing interest in the sense of smell, perfumery, and the fragrance industry.	Luca Turin	20 November 1953
date of birth	Markus von Jabornegg zu Gamsenegg und Moderndorf (17 March 1837, Klagenfurt -- 6 May 1910, Klagenfurt) was an Austrian government official and botanist.	Markus von Jabornegg	17 March 1837
date of birth	Alexander Sulkhanishvili (Georgian: ალექსანდრე სულხანიშვილი) (born 1808, Tbilisi) was a Georgian translator and calligrapher of the 19th century.	Alexander Sulkhanishvili	1808
date of birth	Spencer McLaren (born 28 February 1973, Sydney) is an Australian theatre actor and television actor.	Spencer McLaren	28 February 1973
date of birth	John Rogers Maxwell, Sr. (1846 -- December 10, 1910) was Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Central Railroad of New Jersey, for many years President of the Atlas Portland Cement Company.	John Rogers Maxwell, Sr.	1846
date of birth	Paul Sheedy (born 16 February 1981), is an Australian former professional rugby footballer.	Paul Sheedy	16 February 1981
date of birth	Thomas Haigh (1769--1808), was a violinist, pianist, and composer.	Thomas Haigh	1769
date of birth	Hussein El-Sayed (Arabic: حسين السيد‎; born 11 December 1964), is a former Egyptian professional footballer.	Hussein El-Sayed	11 December 1964
date of birth	Lionel de Fonseka or Fonseka-Varnasuriya (born 27 October 1889) was a Sinhalese writer and art critic, best known for On the Truth of Decorative Art (1912).	Lionel de Fonseka	27 October 1889
date of birth	Kenni Arendt Larsen (born 14 June 1988), known as both Kenni Arendt and Kenni Larsen, is a Danish speedway rider.	Kenni Larsen	14 June 1988
date of birth	Lars Svenonius (1927, Skellefteå -- September 27, 2010, Silver Spring, Maryland) was a Swedish logician and philosopher.	Lars Svenonius	1927
date of birth	Malachy Bernard Loye (born 27 September 1972), most commonly known as Mal Loye, is an English cricketer who has played first class cricket for Northamptonshire, Lancashire, and England A. Loye is a right-handed batsman, particularly well known for his slog sweep shot against fast bowlers.	Mal Loye	27 September 1972
date of birth	Patrick J. Ballantine (born 17 March 1965 in Grand Forks, North Dakota), an attorney from Wilmington, North Carolina, was a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly, rising to become the Senate Minority Leader and the Republican Party's nominee for Governor in 2004.	Patrick J. Ballantine	17 March 1965
date of birth	Patrick Giles-Jones (born 9 December 1982 in Waratah, New South Wales) is an Australian born Japanese cricketer.	Patrick Giles-Jones	9 December 1982
date of birth	Surjit Singh Sethi was born at Gujarkhan, Rawalpindi, Pakistan in 1928.	Surjit Singh Sethi	1928
date of birth	Giorgos Chionidis (Greek: Γιώργος Χιονίδης; born 25 June 1991) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League as a Striker.	Giorgos Chionidis	25 June 1991
date of birth	Edward Muhl (1907 - 2001) was an American businessman and executive best known for being head of production for Universal Pictures from the 1953 until his retirement in 1973.	Edward Muhl	1907
date of birth	Oscar Zárate (born 1942) is an Argentine comic book artist and illustrator.	Oscar Zárate	1942
date of birth	Shawn Robinson (1974 -- July 28, 2015) was an American stuntman who performed stunts in over the span of 20 years, including films such as Guardians of the Galaxy, the Transformers film series, Hook, Behind Enemy Lines, War of the Worlds and more recently Captain America:	Shawn Robinson	1974
date of birth	Alisdair Hogarth (born 14 October 1980) is a British-born classical pianist, best known for his creation and direction of the vocal ensemble, The Prince Consort, which focuses on piano-accompanied song.	Alisdair Hogarth	14 October 1980
date of birth	Giovanni Lentini the Elder (1830 in Trapani, Sicily -- 1898) was an Italian painter and scenic designer.	Giovanni Lentini the Elder	1830
date of birth	Maxime Pedneaud-Jobin (born 1968) is a Canadian politician, who was elected Mayor of Gatineau in the city's 2013 municipal election.	Maxime Pedneaud-Jobin	1968
date of birth	Bejan Matur (born 14 September 1968, Kahramanmaraş) is a Turkish author and columnist, writing for Zaman since 2005.	Bejan Matur	14 September 1968
date of birth	Marco Kotze (born 25 August 1986 in Germiston, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Australian Super Rugby side the Reds.	Marco Kotze	25 August 1986
date of birth	Francisco Hernández Juárez (born 3 September 1949) is a Mexican trade union leader politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution.	Francisco Hernández Juárez	3 September 1949
date of birth	Muhammed-Gabdulkhay Kurbangaliev (Bashkir: Мөхәмәтғәбделхәй Ҡорбанғәлиев, Russian: Мухамме́д-Габдулха́й Курбангали́ев, Japanese: ムハンマド・ガブドゥルハイ・クルバンガリー, 1889--1972) was a Bashkir religious leader, public and political figure in the early 20th century.	Muhammed-Gabdulkhay Kurbangaliev	1889
date of birth	Christian Watt was born in 1833 in Broadsea, the fishertown of Fraserburgh.	Christian Watt	1833
date of birth	Jackson Mendes da Silva (born 4 January 1991) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Arles-Avignon.	Jackson Mendes	4 January 1991
date of birth	Louis Nganga a Ndzando (1923 -- February 13, 2014) was a Congolese prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Louis Nganga a Ndzando	1923
date of birth	Jan Ekier (29 August 1913 -- 15 August 2014) was a Polish pianist and composer known for his authoritative edition of Chopin's music for the Polish National Edition.	Jan Ekier	29 August 1913
date of birth	Tetyana Hladyr (Ukrainian: Тетяна Гладир, born 17 April 1975) is a retired Ukrainian long-distance runner.	Tetyana Hladyr	17 April 1975
date of birth	Sheeba Chaddha (born 1973) is an Indian film, stage and television actress.	Sheeba Chaddha	1973
date of birth	Lt.-Colonel The Hon. William McGillivray (1764 -- October 16, 1825), of Chateau St. Antoine, Montreal, was a Scottish-born fur trader who succeeded his uncle as the last chief partner of the North West Company.	William McGillivray	1764
date of birth	Tomoko Miho (née Kawakami, September 2, 1931, Los Angeles USA - February 10, 2012) was a Japanese-American designer and recipient of the 1993 Aiga Medal.	Tomoko Miho	1931
date of birth	John Richard Cockwell OBE (born 1939) is a British-born Falkland Islands politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Council for the Camp constituency from 1997 until 2001, and then as a member for the Stanley constituency from 2001 until 2009.	Richard Cockwell	1939
date of birth	Yinyu Ye (Chinese: 叶荫宇; pinyin: Yè Yīnyǔ; born 1948) is a Chinese American theoretical computer scientist working on mathematical optimization.	Yinyu Ye	1948
date of birth	Alexander Weimann (born 1965 in Munich) is a German conductor and harpsichordist.	Alexander Weimann	1965
date of birth	Ken Beck (born 4 August 1940) is a retired Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ken Beck	4 August 1940
date of birth	Tara Hitchcock (born 1971) is an American journalist and news anchor.	Tara Hitchcock	1971
date of birth	John McKinnon Crawford was born on 11 April 1931 at Hamilton, South Lanarkshire where his father, Alexander, was Town Officer.	John McKinnon Crawford	11 April 1931
date of birth	William Mauricio Beltrán Cely (b. 1973 - ) --	William Mauricio Beltrán Cely	1973
date of birth	Henry Coles (born 11 March 1951) is a retired Australian rules footballer, who played for Collingwood and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Henry Coles	11 March 1951
date of birth	Julian Dawson (born 4 July 1954, London, England) is a British singer--songwriter, guitarist and author.	Julian Dawson	4 July 1954
date of birth	Yehuda (Leo) Levi (born 1926) was Rector and Professor of Electro-optics at the Jerusalem College of Technology.	Yehuda (Leo) Levi	1926
date of birth	Scott Oldham (born 1969) is Vice President of Editorial for Edmunds Inc.'s Edmunds.com where he is responsible for the quality and direction of content published.	Scott Oldham	1969
date of birth	Ram Naik (born 16 April 1934) is a veteran Indian politician from the BJP, presently the Governor of Uttar Pradesh	Ram Naik	16 April 1934
date of birth	Çiğdem y Mirol (born 1983, Ankara, Turkey) is a contemporary Turkish writer who proposes ``bookperformance'' as an alternative literary expression.	Çiğdem y Mirol	1983
date of birth	George Hubert Padgett (born 9 October 1931, Silkstone, Batley, Yorkshire, England) is an English former first-class cricketer, who played in six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1952.	Hubert Padgett	9 October 1931
date of birth	Ruslan Basiev (born 20 June 1979) is a former Armenian and Russian Freestyle wrestler of Ossetian descent.	Ruslan Basiev	20 June 1979
date of birth	Edward Thomas Branch (1811--1861) was a Republic of Texas legislator and Judge, and after the annexation of Texas to the United States, served briefly as Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives Branch was born 6 December 1811 in Richmond, Virginia.	Edward Thomas Branch	6 December 1811
date of birth	Gerry Laffy (born 4 January 1960 in Hoxton, London) is a singer and guitarist who has played in the bands Girl, London Cowboys, Sheer Greed, John Taylor, and Ultravox among others.	Gerry Laffy	4 January 1960
date of birth	Anne Enger, formerly Anne Enger Lahnstein (born 9 December 1949) is a Norwegian politician, but out of politics for the moment, as she is County Governor of Østfold.	Anne Enger	9 December 1949
date of birth	S. Narasinga Rao (born 1938 in Krishnagiri, Tamil Nadu, India) is an American academic and former Dean of Jackson College of Graduate Studies and Research at the University of Central Oklahoma (1996--2006).	S. Narasinga Rao	1938
date of birth	William Blyth Gerish (1864--1921) was an English antiquarian, biographer and folklorist from Hertfordshire.	William Blyth Gerish	1864
date of birth	Sarah Flannery (born 1982, County Cork, Ireland) was, at sixteen years old, the winner of the 1999 Esat Young Scientist Exhibition for development of the Cayley--	Sarah Flannery	1982
date of birth	David Nitschmann der Wagner, or David ``Father'' Nitschmann, Sr., (1676, Zauchtenthal/Suchdol nad Odrou - 1758, Pennsylvania) was a Czech-born Moravian missionary and carpenter.	David Nitschmann der Wagner	1676
date of birth	Risto Bimbiloski is a Macedonian fashion designer, born in 1975 and based in Paris.	Risto Bimbiloski	1975
date of birth	Gottfried Lumper (6 February 1747 -- 8 March 1800 (Hefele says 1801)) was a German Benedictine patristic writer.	Gottfried Lumper	1747
date of birth	Kingsley Madu (born 12 December 1995) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as left-back for Slovak club AS Trenčín.	Kingsley Madu	12 December 1995
date of birth	Kurt Rudolph (born 3 April 1929) is a German researcher of Gnosticism and Mandaeism.	Kurt Rudolph	3 April 1929
date of birth	Dimitry Imbongo (born 28 March 1990) is a Congolese-born French footballer who plays as a striker for Kapfenberger SV.	Dimitry Imbongo	28 March 1990
date of birth	Emanuele Calaiò (born 8 January 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B side Spezia as a striker.	Emanuele Calaiò	8 January 1982
date of birth	Hu Haiyan (Chinese: 胡海岩; born 1956) is the president of Beijing Institute of Technology.	Hu Haiyan	1956
date of birth	Filipp Makharadze (Georgian: ფილიპე მახარაძე, Russian: Филипп Махарадзе; 1868--1941) was a Georgian Bolshevik revolutionary and government official.	Filipp Makharadze	1868
date of birth	Ben Rivers (born in 1972) is an artist and experimental filmmaker based in London.	Ben Rivers	1972
date of birth	Murray Saltzman (November 26, 1929 -- January 5, 2010) was an American reform Jewish rabbi and civil rights leader.	Murray Saltzman	1929
date of birth	Thomas Wildey (1782--1861) was the founder of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows (IOOF) in North America.	Thomas Wildey	1782
date of birth	Liao Yibai (廖一百, Jiangan, 1971) is a Chinese sculptor who specializes in giant silver stainless steel pop-art sculptures.	Liao Yibai	1971
date of birth	Andrew Bomford (born 19 July 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Andrew Bomford	19 July 1974
date of birth	George E. Hibbard (1924--1991) was a Saint Louis-born American art collector, and expert on Tibetan art and culture.	George E. Hibbard	1924
date of birth	Imre Z. Ruzsa (born 23 July 1953) is a Hungarian mathematician specializing in number theory.	Imre Z. Ruzsa	23 July 1953
date of birth	Fabrizio Verospi (1571 - 27 January 1639) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and a curial judicial official.	Fabrizio Verospi	1571
date of birth	Giovanni Sala (born 23 November 1963) is an Italian enduro rider and a six-time World Enduro Champion (including the overall world championship title in 1998).	Giovanni Sala	23 November 1963
date of birth	Abraham Pruijs van der Hoeven (Leiden, 30 March 1829 - Brussels, 7 January 1907) was a governor of Nanggröe Aceh Darussalam a northern region of the island of Sumatra.	Abraham Pruijs van der Hoeven	30 March 1829
date of birth	Mikaela Lindh (born 17 December 1969) is Finnish dressage rider.	Mikaela Lindh	1969
date of birth	Lo Kin-hei (Chinese: 羅健熙; born 1 June 1984) is the Vice-Chairman of the Democratic Party and Souther District Councillor for Lei Tung II constituency.	Lo Kin-hei	1 June 1984
date of birth	Valentine Greatrakes (14 February 1628 -- 28 November 1682), also known as ``Greatorex'' or ``The Stroker'', was an Irish faith healer who toured England in 1666, claiming to cure people by the laying on of hands.	Valentine Greatrakes	14 February 1628
date of birth	Frank Busemann (born 26 February 1975 in Recklinghausen) is a former German decathlete.	Frank Busemann	26 February 1975
date of birth	Mia Hägg, born 1970 in Umeå, is a Swedish architect running a practice in Paris, France called Habiter Autrement (HA).	Mia Hägg	1970
date of birth	Aliona Dubitskaya (Belarusian: Алена Дубіцкая; born 25 January 1990) is a Belarusian athlete whose specialty is the shot put.	Aliona Dubitskaya	25 January 1990
date of birth	Ron Robertson-Swann OAM (born 1941, Sydney), is an Australian sculptor, best known for his controversial abstract public sculpture Vault (1980).	Ron Robertson-Swann	1941
date of birth	Patrick James Cummins, popularly as Pat Cummins, (born 8 May 1993) is an Australian cricketer.	Pat Cummins	8 May 1993
date of birth	William Luson Thomas (London 4 December 1830 -- 1900) was an English wood engraver and the founder of various British newspapers.	William Luson Thomas	1830
date of birth	Edward Fitzgibbon (1803--1857), was an Irish writer, using the pseudonym Ephemera.	Edward Fitzgibbon	1803
date of birth	Ron Shamir (Hebrew: רון שמיר; born 29 November 1953) is an Israeli professor of computer science known for his work in graph theory and in computational biology.	Ron Shamir	29 November 1953
date of birth	Julian Musiol (born 4 April 1986) is a German ski jumper of Polish descent (by his father).	Julian Musiol	4 April 1986
date of birth	Adrian Kleinbergen (born 1961) is a Canadian artist, born in Edmonton, Alberta.	Adrian Kleinbergen	1961
date of birth	Michiel Antonius Adrianus Beelen, better known as Giel Beelen (born in Haarlem, on 25 May 1977) is a Dutch radio DJ and presenter, working primarily for left-wing public broadcaster VARA.	Giel Beelen	25 May 1977
date of birth	Heinz Norden (born London, 1905, died London, 1978 from injuries sustained in hit-and-run traffic accident) was an author, translator, tenant rights leader, and editor of Heute.	Heinz Norden	1905
date of birth	Han Jung-kook (Hangul: 한정국; born 19 July 1971) is a South Korean footballer.	Han Jung-kook	19 July 1971
date of birth	Leonard Sims (born 1916) is a World War II veteran who was beaten violently in a carjacking by Deonte Bradley.	Leonard Sims	1916
date of birth	Uri Fineman (Hebrew: אורי פיינמן‎, born 1959) is an Israeli singer and composer.	Uri Fineman	1959
date of birth	Roberto Bisacco (born 1 March 1939) is an Italian television, stage and film actor.	Roberto Bisacco	1 March 1939
date of birth	Fritz Kocher (born 6 April 1928) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed in the 1950s and 1960s.	Fritz Kocher	6 April 1928
date of birth	Hassan Mohammed (born 20 January 1980) is a Malaysian cricketer.	Hassan Mohammed	20 January 1980
date of birth	Milena Mileva Blažić (born 12 September 1956 in Popuže, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Slovenian literary historian and university professor.	Milena Mileva Blažić	12 September 1956
date of birth	Andrea Grendene (born 4 July 1986) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer, who rode as a professional between 2009 and 2011.	Andrea Grendene	4 July 1986
date of birth	Chang Yuchun (1330--1369),the han people courtesy name Boren and art name Yanheng, was a Chinese military general.	Chang Yuchun	1330
date of birth	Lorenzo Rosseti (born 5 August 1994) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Cesena, on loan from Juventus, as a striker.	Lorenzo Rosseti	5 August 1994
date of birth	Holly Sklar (born 1955) is an author and syndicated columnist, policy analyst and strategist whose articles have appeared in hundreds of newspapers and online outlets as well as The Nation, and other publications.	Holly Sklar	1955
date of birth	Dagny Tande Lid (25 May 1903 -- 28 January 1998) was a Norwegian painter, illustrator and poet.	Dagny Tande Lid	25 May 1903
date of birth	Lloyd Espenschied (27 April 1889 -- June 1, 1986) was an American electrical engineer who invented the modern coaxial cable with Herman Andrew Affel.	Lloyd Espenschied	27 April 1889
date of birth	Deana Lawson (1979, born in Rochester, New York), is an American photographer.	Deana Lawson	1979
date of birth	Hilary Momberger (born June 16, 1962) is a former child actress from the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Hilary Momberger	1962
date of birth	Chris Ewan (born 6 October 1976) is a British crime and mystery writer.	Chris Ewan	6 October 1976
date of birth	Mashhoor bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (1954 - 2004) was a member of House of Saud	Mashhoor bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud	1954
date of birth	Brenessa Thompson (born 22 July 1996) is a Guyanese sprinter who specializes in 100m and 200m.	Brenessa Thompson	22 July 1996
date of birth	Alice Beck Kehoe (born 1934, New York City) is an anthropologist.	Alice Beck Kehoe	1934
date of birth	Paolo Bonolis (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpaːolo boˈnɔːlis); born 14 June 1961) is an Italian television host.	Paolo Bonolis	14 June 1961
date of birth	Francisco Javier Muñiz (21 December 1795 -- 8 April 1871) was an Argentine colonel, legislator, and medical doctor.	Francisco Javier Muñiz	1795
date of birth	Panagiotis Vlachodimos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Βλαχοδήμος, born 12 October 1991) is a Greek footballer who plays as a winger in Super League club Panathinaikos .	Panagiotis Vlachodimos	12 October 1991
date of birth	Winthrop Smillie Boggs (1902--1974) was a philatelist renowned for his expertise and philatelic writing.	Winthrop Smillie Boggs	1902
date of birth	Zeynep Korkmaz (born 5 July 1922) is a prominent Turkish scholar and dialectologist.	Zeynep Korkmaz	5 July 1922
date of birth	Sir Bernard Ingham (born 21 June 1932) is a British journalist and former civil servant who is best known as Margaret Thatcher's chief press secretary while she was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990.	Bernard Ingham	21 June 1932
date of birth	Sunny Varkey (born in 1957 in Kerala, India) is a non-resident Indian, Dubai-based education entrepreneur and education philanthropist.	Sunny Varkey	1957
date of birth	Leigh Brockman (born 23 July 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Leigh Brockman	23 July 1978
date of birth	Walter-André Destailleur (born Thais, Seine, 12 June 1867; died March 1940) was a French architect, who designed and built the Château de Trévarez (1893--1907).	Walter-André Destailleur	1867
date of birth	Queen Heonae (Hangul: 헌애왕후, Hanja: 獻哀王后) (964--1029), also known as Queen Dowager Cheonchu (천추태후, 千秋太后), was the third Queen consort of King Gyeongjong of Goryeo.	Queen Heonae	964
date of birth	John J. Byrne (1931 -- March 7, 2013) was an American longtime insurance industry executive who was CEO of GEICO, White Mountains Insurance Group and Fireman's Fund.	John J. Byrne	1931
date of birth	Rhian Samuel, born in Aberdare, Wales in 1944, is a Welsh composer.	Rhian Samuel	1944
date of birth	Khishigdalain Battulga (Mongolian: Хишигдалайн Баттулга; born 3 September 1974) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Khishigdalain Battulga	3 September 1974
date of birth	Buxton Popoali'i (born 4 December 1989) is a former rugby union player who played club rugby for Dunedin side Green Island provincial ITM Cup rugby for Wellington between 2008 and 2010 and for Otago between 2011 and 2013.	Buxton Popoali'i	4 December 1989
date of birth	Magnar Solberg (born 4 February 1937) is a former Norwegian biathlete and police officer.	Magnar Solberg	4 February 1937
date of birth	Hanoch Zeibert (Hebrew: חנוך זייברט‎; born 1960) is an Israeli rabbi, politician and current (fifteen) mayor of the Israeli city of Bnei Brak.	Hanoch Zeibert	1960
date of birth	Igor Lazko (Russian: Игорь Лазько, Russian pronunciation: (ˈiɡər ˈlasʲkə)), (b. St Petersburg, 1949), is a Russian classical pianist who has made a distinguished international career as performer, recording artist and teacher of other pianists.	Igor Lazko	1949
date of birth	Rocco Gardner was born Roland Gardner on 21 June 1979 in London to British entrepreneur Alison Gardner.	Rocco Gardner	21 June 1979
date of birth	Alberto Rodríguez Oliver (born 26 August 1982 in Santa Coloma de Gramenet) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist since 2005, currently riding for Grupo Nicolás Mateos-Murcia.	Alberto Rodríguez Oliver	26 August 1982
date of birth	An Na (born 1972) is a South Korea-born American children's book author.	An Na	1972
date of birth	Eros Luciano Walter Ramazzotti (born 28 October 1963), known simply as Eros Ramazzotti, is an Italian musician and singer-songwriter.	Eros Ramazzotti	28 October 1963
date of birth	Rev. Frederick James Jobson D.D. (6 July 1812 -- 4 Jan 1881) - commonly styled F. J. Jobson - painter, architect and Wesleyan Methodist minister, became President of the Methodist Conference in the late 1860s, and Treasurer of the ``Wesleyan Methodist Foreign Mission Society'' 1869--1882.	Frederick James Jobson	6 July 1812
date of birth	Annabel Crabb (born February 1973) is an Australian political journalist and commentator who is the ABC's chief online political writer.	Annabel Crabb	1973
date of birth	Oksen Mirzoyan (Armenian: Օգսեն Միրզոյան, born 11 June 1961) is a former Soviet Armenian weightlifter and European, World and Olympic Champion.	Oksen Mirzoyan	11 June 1961
date of birth	Edgar Bernhardt (Russian: Эдгар Бернхардт; born 30 March 1986) is a Kyrgyzstani-German footballer who plays for Al-Oruba SC in Oman Professional League.	Edgar Bernhardt	30 March 1986
date of birth	Jarrin Solomon (born 11 January 1986) is a Trinidadian track and field sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	Jarrin Solomon	11 January 1986
date of birth	Prince Franz Wilhelm of Prussia (Franz Wilhelm Victor Christoph Stephan; born 3 September 1943) is a German businessman and member of the House of Hohenzollern, the former ruling German imperial house and royal house of Prussia.	Prince Franz Wilhelm of Prussia	3 September 1943
date of birth	James A. Nicholas (1921 -- July 15, 2006) was an orthopedic surgeon and a pioneer in the treatment of athletic injuries who was best known for performing four knee operations that saved the career of Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Namath.	James A. Nicholas	1921
date of birth	Dzmitry Zinovich (Belarusian: Дзмiтры Зiнович; Russian: Дмитрий Зинович; born 29 March 1995) is a Belarusian footballer.	Dzmitry Zinovich	29 March 1995
date of birth	Timothy Ravalde (born 1988) is an English organist and the current Assistant Organist of Chichester Cathedral.	Timothy Ravalde	1988
date of birth	Alexandra Potter (born 1970) is a British author of romantic comedies.	Alexandra Potter	1970
date of birth	N. N. Rimzon (born 1957) is an Indian artist known primarily for his symbolic and enigmatic sculptures.	N. N. Rimzon	1957
date of birth	John Veltri is a photographer who was born in 1938 in New Jersey.	John Veltri	1938
date of birth	Jenny Cowern (1943--2005) was a visual, multi-media artist, who took inspiration from the natural surroundings of her adopted county, Cumbria, to produce some of the most dramatic and lasting images of nature.	Jenny Cowern	1943
date of birth	Andrew Dan-Jumbo (born 25 June 1965) is a builder and co-host on the home improvement reality television series Operation Build.	Andrew Dan-Jumbo	25 June 1965
date of birth	Nathan Schneider (born 1984) is a journalist and author who covers religion and political movements in the United States.	Nathan Schneider	1984
date of birth	Jean-Jacques Avril, ``the elder'' (1744--1831), was a French artist and reproductive engraver born in Paris who made about 540 engravings, some of large dimensions.	Jean-Jacques Avril	1744
date of birth	George Henry Harrison (1816--1846) was an English water-colour painter.	George Henry Harrison	1816
date of birth	Hozan Canê (born 1971) is a contemporary Kurdish singer.	Hozan Canê	1971
date of birth	Jeremy William Fredric Smith (born 1 July 1990), better known as Jeremy Irvine, is an English actor who made his film debut in the epic war film War Horse (2011).	Jeremy Irvine	1990
date of birth	Philip Avery (born 15 November 1959) is a meteorologist and BBC Weather forecaster.	Philip Avery	15 November 1959
date of birth	Rumyan Hovsepyan (Armenian: Ռումյան Հովսեփյան, born 13 November 1991) is an Armenian football player who plays for the Armenian national team.	Rumyan Hovsepyan	13 November 1991
date of birth	Michael Dunlop (born 10 April 1989) is a Northern Irish professional motorcycle racer.	Michael Dunlop	10 April 1989
date of birth	Melvyn Smith (11 November 1955 -- May 12, 2015) was an astronautics consultant and spaceflight writer, and a Fellow of the British Interplanetary Society, He wrote Illustrated History of the Space Shuttle 1985, which was reprinted twice (1986 and 1989).	Melvyn Smith	11 November 1955
date of birth	James Church Cropsey (1872 - June 16, 1937) was a New York City Police Commissioner and a New York State Supreme Court judge.	James Church Cropsey	1872
date of birth	Michael Quinion (born c. 1943) is a British etymologist and writer.	Michael Quinion	1943
date of birth	Ola Tjørhom (b. 1953 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian former Lutheran professor of theology who converted to Roman Catholicism on January 25, 2003.	Ola Tjørhom	1953
date of birth	Jürgen Klinsmann (German pronunciation: (ˈjʏʁɡŋ̩ ˈkliːnsˌman), born 30 July 1964) is a German football manager and former player who is currently the head coach of the United States men's national soccer team.	Jürgen Klinsmann	30 July 1964
date of birth	Jonas Baes is a Philippine composer born in Los Baños, Laguna in 1961.	Jonas Baes	1961
date of birth	Dominique Pifarély (born 1957) is a French jazz violinist.	Dominique Pifarély	1957
date of birth	José Joaquín Aguirre Campos (1822, Los Andes - 22 January 1901, Cartagena) was a Chilean medic, politician and educator.	José Joaquín Aguirre	1822
date of birth	Johanna Fernández (born 1982) was the Costa Rican contestant at the Miss Universe 2005 pageant.	Johanna Fernández	1982
date of birth	Tabrett Bethell (born 13 May 1981) is an Australian film, television, and theater actress, best known for portraying the character Cara Mason in the television series Legend of the Seeker.	Tabrett Bethell	13 May 1981
date of birth	Annibale Padovano (1527 -- March 15, 1575) was an Italian composer and organist of the late Renaissance Venetian School.	Annibale Padovano	1527
date of birth	Károly Brocky, or Charles Brocky, who was born at Banat, in Hungary, in 1808, was the son of a hairdresser, who died whilst his son was still young.	Károly Brocky	1808
date of birth	Diane D'Aquila (born 1953) is an American-Canadian actress.	Diane D'Aquila	1953
date of birth	Clarence Harrison (born 1959) was wrongly convicted in 1987 for the kidnapping, rape and robbery of a 25-year-old-woman in Decatur, Georgia.	Clarence Harrison	1959
date of birth	Freddy Morgan (1908 - 1990) was a Welsh boxer who held the Welsh flyweight title in 1928.	Freddy Morgan	1908
date of birth	Ñuflo de Chaves, also: ``Ñuflo de Chávez'', (1518--1568) was a Spanish conquistador.	Ñuflo de Chaves	1518
date of birth	Charles Phoenix (born 1962) is an American pop culture humorist, historian, author and chef whose work explores and celebrates 1950s and 1960s kitsch and Americana.	Charles Phoenix	1962
date of birth	Richard Ronald John Copeland (1884--1958) was the president and chairman from 1913 of the Spode-Copeland firm of bone china manufacturers in Staffordshire.	Richard Ronald John Copeland	1884
date of birth	Siegfried Tiefensee (20 October 1922 -- 24 March 2009) was a German musician and conductor.	Siegfried Tiefensee	20 October 1922
date of birth	Matthew Kantakouzenos or Cantacuzenus (Greek: Ματθαίος Ασάνης Καντακουζηνός, Matthaios Asanēs Kantakouzēnos, c. 1325 -- 15 June 1383) was Byzantine Emperor from 1353 to 1357.	Matthew Kantakouzenos	1325
date of birth	Countess Louise Wachtmeister (born 28 April 1978) is a Swedish entrepreneur, athlete, and political activist.	Louise Wachtmeister	28 April 1978
date of birth	Robert Felt (1953--2002) was a computer programmer, USCF-rated chess Expert, Tennessee Junior chess champion, and champion Scrabble player.	Robert Felt	1953
date of birth	Robert Anastas - (b 1934 in Hudson, MA) is a former hockey coach and teacher at Wayland High School, in Wayland, Massachusetts.	Robert Anastas	1934
date of birth	Daniel Westmattelmann (born 31 October 1987 in Ahlen) is a German road racing cyclist riding for Team Kuota-Lotto.	Daniel Westmattelmann	31 October 1987
date of birth	Hormazd Narielwalla (born 1979) is a collage artist, based in London, a PhD from the London College of Fashion at the University of the Arts, London,.	Hormazd Narielwalla	1979
date of birth	Colin McQueen (born 12 February 1956) is an Australian retired sprinter that specialised in the 200 and 400 metres.	Colin McQueen	12 February 1956
date of birth	Joel D. Heck (born 1 October 1948) is Professor of Theology at Concordia University Texas and Executive Editor of Concordia University Press.	Joel D. Heck	1 October 1948
date of birth	Luísa Isabella Nolasco da Silva (born 23 June 1988), better known as Isabella Leong, is a Hong Kong-based Macanese actress and former singer.	Isabella Leong	23 June 1988
date of birth	Theodericus Ulsenius, the Latin version of the Frisian Dirk van Ulsen (c. 1460 -- c. 1508), was a Renaissance humanist and physician.	Theodericus Ulsenius	1460
date of birth	Xun Fangying (Chinese: 荀芳颖; pinyin: Xún Fāngyǐng; born 14 February 1995) is a professional Chinese tennis player.	Xun Fangying	14 February 1995
date of birth	Max Joseph Pettenkofer, ennobled in 1883 as Max Joseph von Pettenkofer (3 December 1818 -- 10 February 1901), Bavarian chemist and hygienist, was born in Lichtenheim, near Neuburg an der Donau, now part of Weichering.	Max Joseph von Pettenkofer	3 December 1818
date of birth	Lisa Harrow, ONZM (born 25 August 1943) is an actress, noted for her roles in British theatre, films and television.	Lisa Harrow	25 August 1943
date of birth	Frida Baranek (born 1961 Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian sculptor.	Frida Baranek	1961
date of birth	Rose Mukantabana (born 31 August 1961) is a lawyer and women's rights activist.	Rose Mukantabana	31 August 1961
date of birth	Anna Chalon (born 30 October 1989), also known under the stage name Kiddo, is a French singer-songwriter, guitarist, and performer.	Anna Chalon	30 October 1989
date of birth	Elsie March, daughter of George Henry March and his wife Elizabeth Blenkin, was born on 3 October 1884 in Kingston upon Hull in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Elsie March	3 October 1884
date of birth	Born in Dublin in 1952, Liam Mac Cóil lives in the Gaeltacht of Ráth Cairn, County Meath.	Liam Mac Cóil	1952
date of birth	Andre Coley (born 22 September 1974 in Jamaica) is a Jamaican cricket player.	Andre Coley	22 September 1974
date of birth	Joanna Troutman also Johanna Troutman (19 February 1818 -- 23 July 1879) sewed a flag for a battalion of Georgia volunteers who were leaving to fight in the Texas Revolution.	Joanna Troutman	19 February 1818
date of birth	Rafael Mas Hernández (1950 -- January 23, 2003) was a Spanish geographer.	Rafael Mas Hernández	1950
date of birth	Sir Ralph Delaval, 1st Baronet (13 October 1622 -- 29 August 1691) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1685.	Sir Ralph Delaval, 1st Baronet	13 October 1622
date of birth	Salah Abdel-Shafi (born 1962 in Gaza City) is a Palestinian economist, and the current Palestinian ambassador to Austria and permanent observer to the United Nations in Vienna, holding the position since September 2013.	Salah Abdel-Shafi	1962
date of birth	Mohammad Saifuddin (born: 1 November 1996) is a Bangladeshi first-class cricketer.	Mohammad Saifuddin	1 November 1996
date of birth	Thomas Minors (16 October 1609 - September 1677) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1660.	Thomas Minors	16 October 1609
date of birth	Phyllis Morse (Anderson) (b. 1934) is an American archaeologist.	Phyllis Morse	1934
date of birth	Tova Dorothea Magnusson (born 18 June 1968), also credited under her former married name as Tova Magnusson Norling, is a Swedish film and television actress; comedian; and film director.	Tova Magnusson	18 June 1968
date of birth	Michael Osborne (born 29 July 1982) is a retired Australian rules footballer who is currently serving as a development coach with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Michael Osborne	29 July 1982
date of birth	Steven Kapur (born 11 May 1967), better known by the stage name Apache Indian, is a British singer/song writer and reggae DJ. He is noted for a distinctive vocal style that is a fusion of Indian, Jamaican and English cultural elements.	Apache Indian	11 May 1967
date of birth	David Oxley (7 November 1920 -- 30 October 1985) was an English actor who made many film and television appearances over a 35-year period.	David Oxley	7 November 1920
date of birth	Gerard Henderson (born 10 September 1945) is an Australian author, columnist and political commentator.	Gerard Henderson	10 September 1945
date of birth	Shane O'Bree (born 15 March 1979) is a former professional Australian rules football player, who is currently serving as an assistant coach with the Geelong Football Club.	Shane O'Bree	15 March 1979
date of birth	Rod de Highden (born 15 January 1969) is an Australian distance runner.	Rod de Highden	15 January 1969
date of birth	Takeshi Nishimoto (born 1974) is a classically trained guitarist and composer who is conversant with European, Northern Indian, and American jazz classical traditions.	Takeshi Nishimoto	1974
date of birth	Martin Andreasson(born 1 October 1970 in Malmö), is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, a member of the Riksdag 2002--2006.	Martin Andreasson	1 October 1970
date of birth	Ignatius Cadette, born 3 March 1957 in Castries, St Lucia, is a former West Indian cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Windward Islands and the Combined Islands cricket team in the 1970s and 1980s as a batsman and wicketkeeper.	Ignatius Cadette	1957
date of birth	Charles R. Conn (born 22 August 1961) is Warden of Rhodes House, Oxford, the global CEO of the Rhodes Trust and the Rhodes Scholarships.	Charles R. Conn	22 August 1961
date of birth	Simon Kernick (born 25 January 1966 in Slough, Berkshire) is a British thriller/crime writer now living in Oxfordshire with his two daughters Amy and Rachel.	Simon Kernick	25 January 1966
date of birth	Andrea Occhipinti (born 12 September 1957) is an Italian actor and producer (Lucky Red).	Andrea Occhipinti	12 September 1957
date of birth	Wendy Machin (born 14 October 1958 in Wingham, New South Wales), was the president of the National Roads and Motorists' Association (NRMA).	Wendy Machin	14 October 1958
date of birth	Pavol Červenák (born 1 July 1987), and also spelled Pavol Cervenak, is a professional tennis player from Slovak Republic.	Pavol Červenák	1 July 1987
date of birth	Brendan Nyhan (i/ˈbrɛndɨn ˈnaɪɨn/ born 1978) is an American political scientist.	Brendan Nyhan	1978
date of birth	Athina Cenci (born 13 March 1946), is a Greek-born Italian former actress, stand-up comedian and politician.	Athina Cenci	13 March 1946
date of birth	Lukasz Jogalla (also known as Lucas Jogalla or Luckasz Jogalla; born 17 January 1961) is an American cinematographer who has worked on many feature films.	Lukasz Jogalla	17 January 1961
date of birth	Karin Kessow (born 8 January 1954, married name Karin Drbal) is a retired German speed skater who won the World All-Round Speed Skating Championships in 1975.	Karin Kessow	8 January 1954
date of birth	Georgina Terry (born 1990) is a British actress best known for her role as the title role in the 2003 ITV production of Pollyanna, which is based upon the novel by Eleanor H. Porter.	Georgina Terry	1990
date of birth	Danny Hudson (born 25 June 1979) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Rotherham United.	Danny Hudson	25 June 1979
date of birth	Mick Andrews (born 5 July 1944), is an English former international motorcycle trials rider.	Mick Andrews	5 July 1944
date of birth	Angie Abdou (born 11 May 1969) is a Canadian fiction writer.	Angie Abdou	11 May 1969
date of birth	Peter Temple (born 1946 in South Africa) is an award-winning Australian crime fiction writer.	Peter Temple	1946
date of birth	Lexa Roséan (born May 1958), is an American Wiccan high priestess and an initiated neo-Gardnerian Minoan witch, dancer and writer.	Lexa Roséan	1958
date of birth	Bernardino Halbherr (21 July 1844, Rovereto-31 March 1934, Rovereto) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera and Heteroptera.	Bernardino Halbherr	1844
date of birth	Edith Anne Robertson (1883--1973) was a Scottish poet who wrote in both the English and Scots tongues.	Edith Anne Robertson	1883
date of birth	Lady Agnes Surriage Frankland (1726 -- April 23, 1783) was an American tavern maid who married Sir Charles Henry (``Harry'') Frankland, a British baronet.	Agnes Surriage Frankland	1726
date of birth	William Morgan Blake (February, 1889 -- July 26, 1953) was an early 20th-century American sportswriter in the South who in his 24 years on the job covered seven Rose Bowl games.	Morgan Blake	February, 1889
date of birth	Miguel Ángel Cuéllar (born 25 September 1982) is a Paraguayan footballer that currently plays for Primera División Paraguaya club Rubio Ñu as striker.	Miguel Ángel Cuéllar	25 September 1982
date of birth	Dmytro Khovbosha (born 5 February 1989, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Zorya in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Dmytro Khovbosha	5 February 1989
date of birth	Peter Shotton (born 4 August 1941), commonly referred to as Pete Shotton, is an English businessman and former washboard player.	Peter Shotton	4 August 1941
date of birth	Mert Otsamo (3 September 1990 in Oulu) is a Finnish Fashion Designer.	Mert Otsamo	3 September 1990
date of birth	John Neff (born 1931) is one of the best known mutual fund investors of the past 40 years, notable for his contrarian and value investing styles as well as heading Vanguard's Windsor Fund.	John Neff	1931
date of birth	Cristian Bertani (born 14 March 1981) is an Italian footballer who was suspended for 3 year and 6 month since August 2012.	Cristian Bertani	14 March 1981
date of birth	Sister Eugenia Logvinovna Lashnyukova (1891, Mogilev, Russian Empire -- ?) was an Orthodox (later the Greek-Catholic ) nun.	Eugenia Logvinovna Lashnyukova	1891
date of birth	Jack Yabsley (born 6 October 1985) is an Australian Television presenter, screenwriter, and actor, having worked extensively in Children's TV.	Jack Yabsley	6 October 1985
date of birth	Denis Pettiaux (1956) is a Belgian acrobat and former referee of the EBU production Jeux Sans Frontières.	Denis Pettiaux	1956
date of birth	Joseph Alan Ormrod (born 22 December 1942 in Ramsbottom, Lancashire) is a former English first class cricketer who played with Worcestershire.	Alan Ormrod	22 December 1942
date of birth	José Elguero Bertolini (born 1934) is a Spanish chemist best known for his contributions to heterocyclic chemistry.	José Elguero Bertolini	1934
date of birth	Yahor Maistrov (also: Egor Maistrov, born 14 February 1988) is a Belarusian former competitive ice dancer.	Yahor Maistrov	14 February 1988
date of birth	Elana Eden (Hebrew: אילנה עדן‎; born 1 May 1940) is an Israeli actress of film, television, and theatre, best known for her film debut as the title role in 20th Century Fox's biblical epic The Story of Ruth (1960).	Elana Eden	1 May 1940
date of birth	Orest Onofrei (born 17 March 1957 in Marginea) is a Romanian veterinarian and politician.	Orest Onofrei	17 March 1957
date of birth	John Parricida (German: Johann Parricida) or John the Parricide (see: Parricide), also called John of Swabia (Johann von Schwaben), (ca. 1290 -- 13 December 1312/13) was the son of the Habsburg duke Rudolf II of Austria.	John Parricida	1290
date of birth	Svetlana Stepankovskaya (Russian: Светлана Степанковская; born 1985) is a Russian model and is the 1st Runner-up of Miss Russia 2009.	Svetlana Stepankovskaya	1985
date of birth	Henry Jolles (28 November 1902 - 16 July 1965), born Heinz-Frederic Jolles, was a German pianist and composer.	Henry Jolles	28 November 1902
date of birth	Jennifer Podemski (born 1974) is a Canadian film and television actress and producer.	Jennifer Podemski	1974
date of birth	Rena Buckley (born 1987) in Cork is a camogie player, gaelic footballer and physiotherapist, winner of All Ireland medals in 2006, 2008 and 2009.	Rena Buckley	1987
date of birth	Teresa Pizarro de Angulo (c. 1930 - April 29, 2000) was a Colombian beauty pageant director and farmer.	Teresa Pizarro de Angulo	1930
date of birth	David Riondino (born 10 June 1952) is an Italian actor, singer-songwriter, comedian, writer, playwright, screenwriter, director and composer.	David Riondino	10 June 1952
date of birth	Edward Evanson (21 April 1731 -- 25 September 1805) was a controversial English clergyman.	Edward Evanson	21 April 1731
date of birth	Joel Makower (born 19 February 1952 in Oakland, California) is an entrepreneur, writer, and strategist on sustainable business, clean technology, and green marketing.	Joel Makower	19 February 1952
date of birth	Shi-Yeon Sung (born 1975, Busan) is a South Korean classical conductor.	Shi-Yeon Sung	1975
date of birth	Marie de Garis MBE (née Le Messurier) (15 June 1910 -- 10 August 2010) was a Guernsey author and lexicographer, who wrote the Dictiounnaire Angllais-Guernésiais (English-Guernésiais dictionary), the first edition of which was published in 1967.	Marie de Garis	15 June 1910
date of birth	Paul Giovanni (June 2, 1933 -- June 17, 1990) was an American playwright, actor, director, singer and musician.	Paul Giovanni	1933
date of birth	Sally Peake (born 8 February 1986) is a British track and field athlete who specialises in the pole vault.	Sally Peake	8 February 1986
date of birth	István Csoknyai (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈiʃtvaːn ˈtʃokɲɒi); born 24 October 1964 in Dunaújváros) is a former Hungarian international handball player and handball coach, who currently works as the head coach of Balatonfüredi KSE.	István Csoknyai	24 October 1964
date of birth	Aaron Shattock (born 2 May 1980) is a premiership-winning Australian rules footballer who played with the Brisbane Lions and Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Aaron Shattock	2 May 1980
date of birth	Jonas Bjerre Terkelsbøl (born 21 September 1976) is the lead singer of Danish rock band Mew.	Jonas Bjerre	21 September 1976
date of birth	Anastasia Nabokina (Russian: Анастасия Павловна Набокина) is a Russian ballerina born on 14 February 1971 in Moscow, Russia.	Anastasia Nabokina	1971
date of birth	Mihaela Marinova (Bulgarian: Михаела Маринова, born 7 May 1998) is a Bulgarian singer and songwriter mostly known from her participation in the 2014 season of Bulgarian X Factor where she finished in third place.	Mihaela Marinova	7 May 1998
date of birth	Ján Figeľ (born 20 January 1960) is a Slovak politician who was European Commissioner for Education, Training & Culture from 2004 to 2009.	Ján Figeľ	20 January 1960
date of birth	Morgan Zeba (born 24 August 1974) is a Swedish professional footballer who played professionally in the United States.	Morgan Zeba	24 August 1974
date of birth	Troy Fletcher (born 1 September 1973) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the late '90s and early '00s.	Troy Fletcher	1 September 1973
date of birth	Mark Lewisohn (born 16 June 1958) is an English author and historian, regarded as one of the world's leading authorities on the English rock band the Beatles.	Mark Lewisohn	16 June 1958
date of birth	Neda Karafili (born 5 January 1991, in Kavajë) is an Albanian author, activist and former TV personality.	Neda Karafili	5 January 1991
date of birth	Stephen Rea (/ˈreɪ/ ray; born 31 October 1946) is an Irish film and stage actor.	Stephen Rea	31 October 1946
date of birth	Hakainde Hichilema (born 4 June 1962) is a Zambian businessman and politician serving as President of the opposition United Party for National Development.	Hakainde Hichilema	4 June 1962
date of birth	Hassan Sattar (known as Sattar, Persian: ستار ‎‎, born 19 November 1949) is an Iranian Pop-tenor, Oratorio singer with specialization in both Persian pop and classical music.	Hassan Sattar	19 November 1949
date of birth	Diana G. Gallagher (born March 14, 1946) is an American author who writes books for children and young adults based on television series.	Diana G. Gallagher	1946
date of birth	Captain Robert Bennet Forbes (1804 -- November 23, 1889), was a sea captain, China merchant, ship owner, and writer.	Robert Bennet Forbes	1804
date of birth	Peter Taaffe (born 1942) is a British political activist and journalist.	Peter Taaffe	1942
date of birth	Craig Gannon (born 30 July 1966) is an English guitar player.	Craig Gannon	30 July 1966
date of birth	Klára Issová (born 26 April 1979), sometimes known as Klára Issa, is a Czech film, stage and television actress.	Klára Issová	26 April 1979
date of birth	Abd Al-Rahman bin Abdallah al Shashi (Arabic: عبد الرحمن بن عبد الله شاشي‎) (b. 1829 - 1904), popularly known as Shaykh Sufi, was a 19th-century Somali scholar, poet, reformist and astrologist.	Shaykh Sufi	1829
date of birth	Ramiz Tafilaj (born 6 May 1949 in Deçan, FPR Yugoslavia), is an Albanian-American businessman, activist, visionary and publisher.	Ramiz Tafilaj	6 May 1949
date of birth	Sir Charles Alexander Harris KCMG CB CVO (28 June 1855, Wrexham, Wales -- 26 March 1947) was a British colonial administrator, Governor of Newfoundland from 1917 to 1922.	Charles Alexander Harris	28 June 1855
date of birth	Ingvar Oldsberg (born 31 March 1945 in Mölnlycke) is a Swedish television presenter and sports reporter.	Ingvar Oldsberg	31 March 1945
date of birth	Axelle Renoir (born Fabienne Meignen; 2 February 1969) is a French singer and composer from Brittany.	Axelle Renoir	1969
date of birth	Dermot Drummy (born 16 January 1961) is an English football coach and former professional player.	Dermot Drummy	16 January 1961
date of birth	Syed Saleem Shahzad (Urdu: سید سلیم شہزاد‎, 3 November 1970 -- 30 May 2011) was a Pakistani investigative journalist who wrote widely for leading European and Asian media.	Saleem Shahzad	3 November 1970
date of birth	Stanislav Pelc (born 31 October 1955 in Skorotice, nowadays part of Ústí nad Labem) is a former Czechoslovakian footballer.	Stanislav Pelc	31 October 1955
date of birth	Irving Saraf (1932 -- December 26, 2012) was a Polish-born American film producer, film editor, film director and academic.	Irving Saraf	1932
date of birth	Grady Norton (1894 -- October 9, 1954) was an American meteorologist.	Grady Norton	1894
date of birth	Charles Almanzo Babcock (born 1849, date of death unknown) was a late-nineteenth-century superintendent of schools in Oil City, Pennsylvania.	Charles Almanzo Babcock	1849
date of birth	Dolf Jansen (born 25 June 1963 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch comedian, presenter of the Radio 2 program Spijkers met Koppen and an active Marathon runner.	Dolf Jansen	25 June 1963
date of birth	Victor Mitropoulos (Βίκτωρ Μητρόπουλος, Βίκτωρας Μητρόπουλος), (born in 1946) is a Greek former football defender.	Victor Mitropoulos	1946
date of birth	Guo Yipin (Chinese: 郭宜品; pinyin: Guō Yípǐn; born September 1962) is a Chinese politician from Henan Province, serving as the Vice-Mayor of Luoyang since February 2014.	Guo Yipin	September 1962
date of birth	General Rick Hillier OC, CMM, ONL, MSC, CD (born 1955) is a former Chief of the Defence Staff of the Canadian Forces.	Rick Hillier	1955
date of birth	William Noah (born 1943) is a former territorial level politician and artist.	William Noah	1943
date of birth	Peter Momtchiloff (born 10 March 1962) is a British guitarist and bassist.	Peter Momtchiloff	10 March 1962
date of birth	Trevor Beresford Romeo OBE (born 26 January 1963), better known by his stage name Jazzie B, is a British DJ, music producer and entrepreneur.	Jazzie B	26 January 1963
date of birth	Marguerite Anne Maddern (born 28 October 1955) was an Australian Liberal National politician who was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Maryborough from 2012 to 2015, having defeated Chris Foley at the 2012 state election.	Anne Maddern	28 October 1955
date of birth	Pope Benedict II (Latin: Benedictus II; 635 -- 8 May 685) was Pope from 26 June 684 to his death in 685.	Pope Benedict II	635
date of birth	Barrie Leslie Konicov (born about 1939) is a United States hypnotist, author, and one-time Libertarian candidate for the United States Congress.	Barrie Leslie Konicov	1939
date of birth	Chris Alajajian (31 October 1986) is an Australian race car driver.	Chris Alajajian	31 October 1986
date of birth	Lodovico Ricci (1742--1799) was an Italian historian and economist.	Lodovico Ricci	1742
date of birth	Bryce Wilson (born 1972) is a record producer/entrepreneur and actor.	Bryce Wilson	1972
date of birth	Sir William Dobell, OBE (24 September 1899 -- 13 May 1970) was an Australian artist.	William Dobell	24 September 1899
date of birth	Cliff Sander (born 4 November 1931) is an Australian former football (soccer) player.	Cliff Sander	4 November 1931
date of birth	Stani Michiels is a visual artist and architect, who was born in 1973 in Geel (Belgium).	Stani Michiels	1973
date of birth	Jovan Smith (born January 25, 1987), better known by his stage name J. Stalin (also stylized as J Stalin or J-Stalin), is a rapper from the Cypress Village housing projects in West Oakland.	J. Stalin	1987
date of birth	Arabella Fermor (1696--1737) was the daughter of a marriage between two Roman Catholic families in Protestant England, the Tusmores of Oxfordshire and the Brownes of Berkshire.	Arabella Fermor	1696
date of birth	Hennie Jacobs (born 20 June 1981) is a South African-born musician, songwriter and actor.	Hennie Jacobs	20 June 1981
date of birth	Jon Pylypchuk (born 1972 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian painter and sculptor, living and working in Los Angeles.	Jon Pylypchuk	1972
date of birth	Henry Newton Brown (1857 -- April 30, 1884) was an American Old West gunman who played the roles of both lawman and outlaw during his life.	Henry Newton Brown	1857
date of birth	Sandra Monterroso (1974) is a Guatemalan visual artist and designer.	Sandra Monterroso	1974
date of birth	Nils Kristian Heyerdahl (born 11 April 1941) is a Norwegian historian of ideas, theatre director and non-fiction writer.	Nils Kristian Heyerdahl	1941
date of birth	Gloria Barberi (born 1955) is an Italian science fiction and fantasy writer based in Liguria; she started publishing in the early 1980s in various fanzines and magazines.	Gloria Barberi	1955
date of birth	Tom Lindsay (born 18 November 1987) is an English professional rugby union player who currently plays for Gloucester Rugby in the Aviva Premiership.	Tom Lindsay	18 November 1987
date of birth	Aytaç Durak (born 1938 in Karaisalı, Adana) is a Turkish politician, and has been the mayor of Adana since 1984, excluding one term (1989--1994).	Aytaç Durak	1938
date of birth	Julia Skripnik (née Matojan; born 10 August 1985) is an Estonian tennis player.	Julia Skripnik	10 August 1985
date of birth	Dani Wilde (born 25 August 1985, Hullavington, Wiltshire) is a British singer-Songwriter and guitarist who fuses roots genres including blues, country, gospel, soul and americana into popular song.	Dani Wilde	25 August 1985
date of birth	Ali Yıldırım Koç (Turkish pronunciation: (ali kot͡ʃ), born 2 April 1967) is a Turkish businessman.	Ali Yıldırım Koç	2 April 1967
date of birth	Ramashreya Jha (11 August 1928 -- 1 January 2009) was a distinguished composer, musician, scholar and teacher of Hindustani Classical music.	Ramashreya Jha	11 August 1928
date of birth	Wally Swift (10 August 1936 -- 10 November 2012) was a British boxer who won the British welterweight title in 1960 and twice fought for the Commonwealth title before moving up to middleweight, becoming British champion between 1964 and 1965.	Wally Swift	10 August 1936
date of birth	Stephanie Peay (born 1959) is a British ecologist and crayfish researcher.	Stephanie Peay	1959
date of birth	Pranesh Padmanabhan (born 1987), is an entrepreneur, photographer and founder of Pranesh Photography.	Pranesh Padmanabhan	1987
date of birth	Deng Jinghuang (born 24 January 1985) is a Chinese professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team TSW Pegasus.	Deng Jinghuang	24 January 1985
date of birth	Cui Yuying (Chinese: 崔玉英; born May 1958) is a Chinese politician of Tibetan ethnicity, serving since January 2015 as the deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Communist Party of China and the deputy director of the State Council Information Office (vice-minister level).	Cui Yuying	May 1958
date of birth	Jack McCaffrey (born 19 October 1993) is a Gaelic footballer for the Dublin senior football team and plays his club football for Clontarf.	Jack McCaffrey	1993
date of birth	Roger Moens (born 26 April 1930) is a former Belgian middle-distance runner.	Roger Moens	26 April 1930
date of birth	Cornelia Pfohl (born 23 February 1971) is an Olympic Archer.	Cornelia Pfohl	23 February 1971
date of birth	Eleanor Percy Lee, born Eleanor Percy Ware (1819--1849), was an American writer of Mississippi who co-authored two books of poetry with her sister Catherine Anne Warfield; these were published in the 1840s.	Eleanor Percy Lee	1819
date of birth	Lorenzo di Credi (c. 1459 -- January 12, 1537) was an Italian Renaissance painter and sculptor.	Lorenzo di Credi	1459
date of birth	Ri Hak-son (born 12 August 1969) is a North Korean wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.	Ri Hak-son	12 August 1969
date of birth	Andrew Bibby (born 24 October 1980 in Sydney) is an Australian actor who played Lance Wilkinson on the Australian soap opera Neighbours in 1995, 1996--2001 and in 2005.	Andrew Bibby	24 October 1980
date of birth	Mandy Ord (born 1974) is a Melbourne-based comic artist.	Mandy Ord	1974
date of birth	Martin Wágner (born 14. 6. 1980 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech photographer known for his series of photographs taken in former Soviet Union.	Martin Wágner	1980
date of birth	Thomas Myers (13 February 1774, Hovingham -- 21 April 1834, Blackheath, London) was an English mathematician and geographer.	Thomas Myers	13 February 1774
date of birth	Mohammad Reza Rahimi (Persian: محمدرضا رحيمی, born on 11 January 1949) is an Iranian politician who was first vice president from 13 September 2009 until 3 August 2013.	Mohammad Reza Rahimi	11 January 1949
date of birth	Mike Royce (born 1964) is an American comedian, screenwriter and television producer.	Mike Royce	1964
date of birth	Andrew J. Levander (born 1953) is an American lawyer and partner at the law firm Dechert who advises on securities fraud, commercial litigation and white collar criminal defense matters.	Andrew J. Levander	1953
date of birth	Giuseppe Stampone (born in Cluses, France, 1974) is an Italian artist who lives and works in Rome.	Giuseppe Stampone	1974
date of birth	Nguyễn Thượng Hiền (阮尚賢; 1865--1925) was a Vietnamese scholar-gentry anti-colonial revolutionary activist who advocated independence from French colonial rule.	Nguyễn Thượng Hiền	1865
date of birth	Bernard Wrigley (born 1948 in Bolton, Lancashire) is a singer, actor and comedian.	Bernard Wrigley	1948
date of birth	Ioan Gruffudd (Welsh pronunciation: (ˈjo.an ˈɡrɪfɪð); born 6 October 1973) is a Welsh actor.	Ioan Gruffudd	6 October 1973
date of birth	Ingrid Lafforgue (born 5 November 1948 in Luchon) is a French alpine skier and world champion.	Ingrid Lafforgue	5 November 1948
date of birth	Jan Šeda (born 17 December 1985) is a professional Czech football player, who currently plays for FK Mladá Boleslav	Jan Šeda	17 December 1985
date of birth	Professor Keith Gull CBE, FRS (born 29 May 1948) is a Wellcome Trust Principal Research Fellow and Professor of Molecular Microbiology at the Sir William Dunn School of Pathology, University of Oxford.	Keith Gull	29 May 1948
date of birth	Mihály Lombard de Szentábrahám (Városfalva, Udvarhely County, 1683 -- Kolozsvár, March 30, 1758) was a Hungarian Unitarian bishop.	Mihály Lombard de Szentábrahám	1683
date of birth	Krešimir Stanić (born 6 March 1985) is a retired Swiss footballer of Croatian descent.	Krešimir Stanić	6 March 1985
date of birth	Guido De Rosso (born 28 September 1940) is a retired Italian professional racing cyclist.	Guido De Rosso	28 September 1940
date of birth	Tarik Solak (born 1964 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish Australian kickboxing promoter.	Tarik Solak	1964
date of birth	Bob Van der Veken (born 26 September 1928) is an acclaimed Belgian television actor.	Bob Van der Veken	26 September 1928
date of birth	Paul Heinrich Theodor Müller (31 January 1896 in Kiel -- after January 1945, declared dead by the District Court of Hohenlimburg in 1953) was a German SS-Obersturmführer and Schutzhaftlagerführer at Auschwitz concentration camp.	Paul Heinrich Theodor Müller	31 January 1896
date of birth	Eileen Chubb (born 1959) is a British former care assistant who became a whistleblower and then a campaigner.	Eileen Chubb	1959
date of birth	Nikolaus Rüdinger (25 March 1832 -- 25 August 1896) was a German anatomist born in Bingen am Rhein, Rhineland-Palatinate.	Nikolaus Rüdinger	25 March 1832
date of birth	Micheline Charest (1953 -- April 14, 2004) was a television producer and founder (and former co-chair) of the Cinar (later Cookie Jar Entertainment and now DHX Media) television company.	Micheline Charest	1953
date of birth	Khagani Guluzade (Azerbaijani Xaqani Quluzadə; born 6 August 1977) is an Azerbaijani businessman.	Khagani Guluzade	6 August 1977
date of birth	Alex Szilasi (born in Parma in 1968) is a Hungarian-Italian pianist.	Alex Szilasi	1968
date of birth	Peter Anthony Libasci (born 9 November 1951) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who serves as the tenth and current Bishop of the Diocese of Manchester, New Hampshire.	Peter Anthony Libasci	9 November 1951
date of birth	Matvei Vaisberg (Ukrainian: Матві́й Семе́нович Ва́йсберг; Russian: Матве́й Семе́нович Ва́йсберг; born 28 December 1958) is a Ukrainian painter, graphic artist and book designer.	Matvei Vaisberg	28 December 1958
date of birth	Gregory Lekhtman (born 1946 in Moscow, USSR) is a Canadian inventor and entrepreneur, who created and markets the Exerloper system of exercise boots.	Gregory Lekhtman	1946
date of birth	Ramzi Mohammed (Arabic: رمزي محمد‎) (born 18 August 1981) is a Somalian national convicted of involvement in the attempted London bombing of July 21st 2005.	Ramzi Mohammed	18 August 1981
date of birth	Simon Proctor (born 1959) is a British composer, pianist, and flautist, known for his works for unusual instruments.	Simon Proctor	1959
date of birth	Prof. Jocelyn Faubert (born 1959) is a psychophysicist best known for his work in the fields of visual perception, vision of the elderly, and neuropsychology.	Jocelyn Faubert	1959
date of birth	Vassilios Nikakis (Greek: βασιλης νικακης) (born 28 September 1953) is a Greek former football referee.	Vassilios Nikakis	28 September 1953
date of birth	Marina Filipović (born 22 December 1970) is a retired Serbian athlete who competed primarily in the 200 and 400 metres.	Marina Filipović	22 December 1970
date of birth	Hercules Mooney (1715--1800) was an Irish-born veteran of the French and Indian and American Revolutionary wars.	Hercules Mooney	1715
date of birth	Afshin Rattansi (born 1968) is a British journalist and author who presents Going Underground broadcast on the RT network.	Afshin Rattansi	1968
date of birth	Joel Gibb (born 28 January 1977) is a Berlin-based Canadian artist and singer-songwriter who leads the ``gay church folk'' group The Hidden Cameras.	Joel Gibb	28 January 1977
date of birth	Maurizio Casagrande (born 4 November 1961) is an Italian actor and film and stage director.	Maurizio Casagrande	4 November 1961
date of birth	Mohammad Omar Sunny (Bengali: মোহাম্মদ ওমর সানী; 6 May 1969), better known as Omar Sani, is a Bangladeshi film and television actor.	Omar Sani	6 May 1969
date of birth	Lani Billard (born 20 June 1979) is a Canadian actress and singer, who played Elizabeth ``Busy'' Ramone on the popular television series Ready or Not from 1993--1997.	Lani Billard	20 June 1979
date of birth	Naomi Betts (born c. 1982) is an American criminal who robbed the Fifth Third Bank in Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. on October 9, 2003.	Naomi Betts	1982
date of birth	Paul Anthony (born 1955) is a senior executive who has played prominent roles in several major energy corporations in the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Australia.	Paul Anthony	1955
date of birth	Luca De Dominicis (born in Rome 5 July 1973) was the walk-on actor of King Herod Antipas on Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ.	Luca De Dominicis	5 July 1973
date of birth	Paul Wykes (born 15 April 1971) is former English professional snooker player from Bournemouth, Dorset.	Paul Wykes	15 April 1971
date of birth	Joan N. Ericksen (born October 11, 1954) is a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota.	Joan N. Ericksen	1954
date of birth	William Hopkins Holyland (born 1807) was an English accountant.	William Hopkins Holyland	1807
date of birth	Douglas Jack Agu (born 19 August 1989), better known by his stage name Runtown, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter and producer with a diverse musical style mix of hip-hop, R&B, reggae and rap.	Runtown	19 August 1989
date of birth	Tanushree Dutta (pronounced (t̪ənʊʃri), ITRANS: tanushri; born 19 March 1984) is an Indian model and actress who primarily appears in Bollywood movies.	Tanushree Dutta	19 March 1984
date of birth	Elif Batuman (born in 1977) is an American author, academic, and journalist.	Elif Batuman	1977
date of birth	Kenneth Ma Kwok-ming (born 13 February 1974) is a Hong Kong-born Canadian actor, with family roots in Chaozhou, Guangdong.	Kenneth Ma	13 February 1974
date of birth	Emanuele Moncini (born 13 October 1973 in Breno, Italy) is an Italian racing driver currently competing in the FIA GT1 World Championship for Sunred.	Emanuele Moncini	13 October 1973
date of birth	Ludwig Abel (14 January 1835 -- 13 August 1895) was a German violinist, composer, and conductor.	Ludwig Abel	14 January 1835
date of birth	Heather Jensen (born 1985 in Calgary, Alberta as Heather Moulding) is a Canadian curler.	Heather Jensen	1985
date of birth	Strebre Delovski (born 13 October 1975) is an Australian soccer referee in the A-League.	Strebre Delovski	13 October 1975
date of birth	Kim Yong-hyu (born 10 August 1926) is a Brigadier General of South Korea.	Kim Yong-hyu	10 August 1926
date of birth	Ayman Asfari (born 8 July 1958) is a Syrian-born British businessman.	Ayman Asfari	8 July 1958
date of birth	Hailu Shawul (also spelled Shawel; Shawil) (Ge'ez: ሃይሉ ሻዉል; born 1936) is an Ethiopian engineer and the chairman of the Coalition for Unity and Democracy (CUD).	Hailu Shawul	1936
date of birth	Dr. James Culbertson McConnell, usually abbreviated as J. C. McConnell (born 1844 - died July 25, 1904, Liberty, New York) was one of the world's most acclaimed scientific illustrators.	J. C. McConnell	1844
date of birth	Tokhirjon Muminov (Tajik: Тоҳирҷон Муъминов, Persian: طاهرجان مومنف‎‎; born on 20 August 1970) is a retired Tajikistani footballer.	Tokhirjon Muminov	20 August 1970
date of birth	Leslie Van Gelder (born 1969) is an archaeologist, writer, and educator whose primary work involves the study of Paleolithic Finger Flutings in Rouffignac Cave and Gargas Cave in Southern France.	Leslie Van Gelder	1969
date of birth	Jill McGown (9 August 1947 in Campbeltown, Scotland -- 6 April 2007 in Kettering, Northamptonshire) was a British writer of mystery novels.	Jill McGown	9 August 1947
date of birth	Vincent Rouffaer (1951 -) is a Belgian television director.	Vincent Rouffaer	1951
date of birth	Joseph Clayton (1868-1943) was an English freelance journalist and biographer.	Joseph Clayton	1868
date of birth	Andrea Spagni (8 August 1716 -- 16 September 1788) was an Italian Jesuit theologian, educator and author.	Andrea Spagni	8 August 1716
date of birth	Peter Anton (born 1963 in New Haven, Connecticut) is an American artist and sculptor.	Peter Anton	1963
date of birth	Tatoul Avoyan (born March 3, 1964), known commonly by his mononymn Tatoul, is an Armenian rabiz singer.	Tatoul Avoyan	1964
date of birth	Jason Manuel Olazabal (14 October 1973), also just known as Jason Olazabal, is an American actor, possibly best known for playing Ramon Prado in Showtime TV series, Dexter.	Jason Manuel Olazabal	14 October 1973
date of birth	Gary Kirby (born 12 January 1967 in Patrickswell, County Limerick, Ireland) is an Irish hurling manager and former player.	Gary Kirby	12 January 1967
date of birth	Antonis Natsouras (Greek: Αντώνης Νατσούρας; born 18 December 1979) is a footballer.	Antonis Natsouras	18 December 1979
date of birth	Klaus Scherer (born 1943) is Professor of Psychology and director of the Swiss Center for Affective Sciences in Geneva.	Klaus Scherer	1943
date of birth	Gu Leguan (simplified Chinese: 顾乐观; traditional Chinese: 顧樂觀; pinyin: Gù Lèguān; January 1935-2001) was a Chinese physicist and educator.	Gu Leguan	January 1935
date of birth	Simon Sparrow (1925-2000) was an American folk artist, a painter and mixed media artist who was born in West Africa and grew up in North Carolina on a Cherokee Reservation.	Simon Sparrow	1925
date of birth	Serhiy Bashkyrov (Ukrainian: Сергій Геннадійович Башкиров; born 11 March 1959) is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player and current coach.	Serhiy Bashkyrov	11 March 1959
date of birth	Bruce Edward Hobbs (born 23 October 1936) AO BSc Hons PhD FAA FGSAust FTSE is an Australian structural geologist and science administrator.	Bruce Edward Hobbs	23 October 1936
date of birth	Skënder Rizaj (Serbian: Скендер Ризај, Skender Rizaj) (born 1930, Peja, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is an Albanian scholar and historian.	Skënder Rizaj	1930
date of birth	Mark Rotella (born 1967) is an American author and Senior Editor at Publishers Weekly.	Mark Rotella	1967
date of birth	Lorraine Stanley (born 28 June 1976) is an ALFS Award-nominated English actress, best known for playing Kelly in the BIFA Award-winning film London to Brighton.	Lorraine Stanley	1976
date of birth	Isaac Charles Johnson (28 January 1811 -- 29 November 1911) was a British cement manufacturer, and a pioneer of the Portland cement industry.	Isaac Charles Johnson	28 January 1811
date of birth	Luc Giard (1956) is a Canadian underground cartoonist and artist.	Luc Giard	1956
date of birth	Davey Browne, Jr (21 December 1986 -- 14 September 2015) was an Australian professional boxer (22--2--1, 8 knockouts).	Davey Browne	21 December 1986
date of birth	Rebecca Pitcher (born 1972) is an American musical theatre actress primarily known for her role as Christine in the Broadway adaptation of The Phantom of the Opera.	Rebecca Pitcher	1972
date of birth	Edward Harper Parker (3 July 1849 -- 1926) was an English barrister and sinologist who wrote a number of books on the First and Second Opium Wars and other Chinese topics.	Edward Harper Parker	3 July 1849
date of birth	Angela Malik, (born 3 December 1971 in Delhi, India, raised in Edinburgh, UK) is a chef and entrepreneur.	Angela Malik	3 December 1971
date of birth	Natalya Krupskaya (Russian: Наталья Крупская; born 1972) is a retired Russian swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1991 European Aquatics Championships.	Natalya Krupskaya	1972
date of birth	Asoka Nihal Ranjit Hewagama (born 22 July 1942) is a Sri Lankan lawyer, who served as the Solomon Islands' legal draftsman for 23 years, and also for some time as the Solicitor-General and the president of the Solomon Islands Bar Association.	Ranjit Hewagama	22 July 1942
date of birth	René-Antoine Houasse (c. 1645--1710) was a decorative French painter.	René-Antoine Houasse	1645
date of birth	Professor Michael H. Gelb (born 1957) is an American biochemist and chemist specializing in enzymes and particularly those of medical significance.	Michael H. Gelb	1957
date of birth	Professor Albert B. Reagan (1871--1936) was an American author and historian of Native American history.	Albert B. Reagan	1871
date of birth	Teddy Tinmar (born 30 May 1987) is a French sprinter, who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres.	Teddy Tinmar	30 May 1987
date of birth	Dan Almagor (born 1935) is an Israeli playwright who has adapted and translated over a hundred plays for the Hebrew stage, including Shakespeare's ``The Comedy of Errors'', ``Fiddler on the Roof,'' ``The King and I,'' ``My Fair Lady'' and ``Guys and Dolls''.	Dan Almagor	1935
date of birth	Arne Ekeberg (born 1925) is a Norwegian judge and civil servant.	Arne Ekeberg	1925
date of birth	Gisela Birkemeyer (née Köhler on 22 December 1931) is a retired German sprint runner who won two medals in the 80 m hurdles at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics.	Gisela Birkemeyer	22 December 1931
date of birth	Yekaterina Golubeva (Russian: Екатерина Голубева; also known as Katya Golubyova) (9 October 1966 -- 14 August 2011) was a Russian actress, perhaps best known for her role in the 1999 French film, Pola X. Golubeva was born in Leningrad.	Yekaterina Golubeva	9 October 1966
date of birth	Bernard Lloyd (born 30 January 1934) is a Welsh actor noted for his television roles.	Bernard Lloyd	30 January 1934
date of birth	Philip Kent Grey, 7th Earl Grey (born 11 May 1940) is a British hereditary peer.	Philip Kent Grey, 7th Earl Grey	1940
date of birth	Margaret Maher (1841--1924) was a long-term domestic worker in the household of American poet Emily Dickinson.	Margaret Maher	1841
date of birth	Barthélémy Kotchy or Barthélémy Kotchy-N'Guessan (Grand-Bassam, 1934) is an Ivorian writer and politician.	Barthélémy Kotchy	1934
date of birth	Janet Harbison (born 1955) is an Irish harper, composer, teacher and orchestra director.	Janet Harbison	1955
date of birth	I Wayan Gobiah (c. 1898 -- ?) was a Balinese teacher and writer.	I Wayan Gobiah	1898
date of birth	Justin Kleiner (born 1985) is an American musician and visual artist.	Justin Kleiner	1985
date of birth	Huong Keenleyside, (Hanoi, 1971), is a Vietnamese-born British novelist.	Huong Keenleyside	1971
date of birth	Lawrence Renes (born 1970) is a Dutch conductor.	Lawrence Renes	1970
date of birth	Robin Soans (born 1947) is an actor, and a playwright specialising in verbatim and documentary plays.	Robin Soans	1947
date of birth	Arthur Garner (8 February 1851 -- ) was a theatrical entrepreneur, active in Australia.	Arthur Garner	8 February 1851
date of birth	Walter Diesendorf was born in Vienna on 14 December 1906, the son of Jewish parents, Eljukim Wolf and Henie Diesendorf.	Walter Diesendorf	14 December 1906
date of birth	Nadir Ali Khan (16 June 1931 in Rataul, Baghpat district, Uttar Pradesh) is an Indian writer and scholar.	Nadir Ali Khan	16 June 1931
date of birth	Rolf Tibblin (born 7 May 1937) is a Swedish former world champion motocross racer.	Rolf Tibblin	7 May 1937
date of birth	Ella Molly Natalia Pettersson Hammar (born 16 October 1995), known professionally as Molly Pettersson Hammar, is a Swedish singer who participated in the talent show Idol 2011 broadcast on TV4, where she reached fourth place.	Molly Pettersson Hammar	16 October 1995
date of birth	Potti Sreeramulu (16 March 1901 -- 15 December 1952), was an Indian revolutionary.	Potti Sreeramulu	16 March 1901
date of birth	Erik Blomberg (18 September 1913 -- 12 October 1996) was a Finnish cinematographer, film producer, screenwriter and film director.	Erik Blomberg	18 September 1913
date of birth	Matthew Boyd (born 27 August 1982) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL) He debuted in 2003.	Matthew Boyd	27 August 1982
date of birth	Sigebert Buckley (b. c. 1520 AD; d. probably 1610) was a Benedictine monk in England, who is regarded by the Benedictines and by Ampleforth College in particular as representing the continuity of the community through the English Reformation.	Sigebert Buckley	1520
date of birth	Nikola Zvrko (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Зврко; born 7 March 1995) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Sinđelić Beograd, as a striker.	Nikola Zvrko	7 March 1995
date of birth	Abe de Vries (10 January 1965) is a Frisian poet, essayist, literary critic, journalist, editor, translator, photographer, and one of the Frisian public figures leading the cultural and intellectual debate in Friesland.	Abe de Vries	10 January 1965
date of birth	Mitch Creary (born 30 January 1976 in Sydney, New South Wales) former is an Australian professional rugby league footballer in the NRL for the Northern Eagles and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles between 2002-2006.	Mitch Creary	30 January 1976
date of birth	Jamaal Shabazz (born 22 November 1963) is a Trinidadian football manager, who is the current manager of TT Pro League club Caledonia AIA and the Guyana national team.	Jamaal Shabazz	22 November 1963
date of birth	Frank La Rocca (born in 1951 in New Jersey) American Composer.	Frank La Rocca	1951
date of birth	Stephen Nolan (born 20 August 1973) is a Northern Irish radio and television presenter for BBC Northern Ireland and BBC Radio Five Live.	Stephen Nolan	20 August 1973
date of birth	Benjamin Glennie was born on 29 January 1812 in Dulwich, Surrey, England; his parents were William Glennie, the principal of a private school in Dulwich, and his wife Mary (née Gardiner).	Benjamin Glennie	29 January 1812
date of birth	Paul Nicholas Mason (born 1958) is a Canadian novelist, playwright, and occasional journalist.	Paul Nicholas Mason	1958
date of birth	Sami Bayraktar (also known as Sammy Bayraktar in Belgium; born 1978) is a Turkish-Belgian futsal player.	Sami Bayraktar	1978
date of birth	Agnes Christina Laut (11 February 1871 -- 15 November 1936) was a Canadian journalist, novelist, historian, and social worker.	Agnes Christina Laut	11 February 1871
date of birth	Gary L. Taylor (born 1938) is a retired United States District Court Judge.	Gary L. Taylor	1938
date of birth	Khalil Duhoki or Xelîl Duhokî (born 1951) is a Kurdish writer, poet.	Khalil Duhoki	1951
date of birth	Roman Jerala (born 1962) is Slovenian biochemist and synthetic biologist, internationally best known as the leader of Slovenian teams that won the Grand prize at the International Genetically Engineered Machine competition several times.	Roman Jerala	1962
date of birth	Melvin Yeoh (born 5 January 1981) is a Malaysian mixed martial artist and Muay Thai champion.	Melvin Yeoh	5 January 1981
date of birth	Anuradha Sharma Pujari (Assamese: অনুৰাধা শৰ্মা পূজাৰী) (born 1964) is an influential Assamese journalist and author.	Anuradha Sharma Pujari	1964
date of birth	Manjot Singh (born 7 July 1992) is an Indian Bollywood actor, best known for his role in films like Oye Lucky!	Manjot Singh	7 July 1992
date of birth	Tim Natusch (born 3 July 1986 in Papua New Guinea) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in the Queensland Cup.	Tim Natusch	3 July 1986
date of birth	Gianbattista Grancino or Giovanni Battista Grancino (born 1673 -- died ca.1730) was a member of the family of luthiers Grancino (in German).	Gianbattista Grancino	1673
date of birth	Richard John Crisp (born 6 November 1973), a Social psychologist, is Professor of Psychology at the University of Kent Centre for the Study of Group Processes.	Richard John Crisp	6 November 1973
date of birth	Captain Noah Stoddard (1755--1850) of Fairhaven, Massachusetts was an American privateer who distinguished himself during the American Revolution by leading the Raid on Lunenburg (1782).	Noah Stoddard	1755
date of birth	Tom Pevsner (2 October 1926 -- 18 August 2014) was a British assistant film director and producer whose career spanned more than four decades.	Tom Pevsner	2 October 1926
date of birth	Johannes Skraastad (1648--1700) was a Norwegian artist from Vang.	Johannes Skraastad	1648
date of birth	Joseph Mouawad (born 26 March 1970 in Mayfouq, Lebanon) is the current eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Zahleh in Lebanon.	Joseph Mouawad	26 March 1970
date of birth	Gareth Wiley (born 3 March 1962, England) is a film producer, whose professional life started in the world of investment banking, working with County NatWest, Salomon Brothers, and UBS Warburg, moving into film producing in 2002.	Gareth Wiley	3 March 1962
date of birth	Maarouf Youssef Abdallah, born on 20 February 1992, is a Nigerian football player who plays for Zamalek SC.	Maarouf Youssef	20 February 1992
date of birth	Shelby Millard Harrison (born 1881, date of death unknown) was a director of the Russell Sage Foundation, in charge of the Babe Ruth Foundation, as well as a writer.	Shelby Millard Harrison	1881
date of birth	Jeremy Pascall (Born as Jeremy James Zuppinger, 1946 - 30 Aug 2001) was an English screenwriter, broadcaster, journalist and author.	Jeremy Pascall	1946
date of birth	Omer Golan (Hebrew: עומר גולן‎; born 4 October 1982) is a former Israeli footballer.	Omer Golan	4 October 1982
date of birth	Penny Streeter OBE (born 1 August 1967) is an English entrepreneur and managing director of the A24 Group, comprising Ambition 24hours, Arabella Health Staffing and the NS Health Staffing.	Penny Streeter	1 August 1967
date of birth	Tesfaye Alebachew (Amharic: ጠስፋየ ዓለባችሀው?, born 27 August 1988) is an Ethiopian international footballer.	Tesfaye Alebachew	27 August 1988
date of birth	Shaun Allen (born 23 September 1965) is an English former rugby league footballer who played for St Helens and Oldham.	Shaun Allen	23 September 1965
date of birth	Mohamed Ahmed-Chamanga, is a Comorian linguistic, writer, researcher, politic and professor born in Ouani (Nzwani) in 1952.	Mohamed Ahmed-Chamanga	1952
date of birth	Olli Hiltunen (15 December 1877 in Pielisjärvi -- 8 June 1947) was a Finnish shoemaker and politician.	Olli Hiltunen	15 December 1877
date of birth	Katy Hill (born 15 April 1971) is an English television presenter who has worked in TV and radio in the UK since 1995.	Katy Hill	15 April 1971
date of birth	Daniel H. Rosen (born 1967) is an American business executive, academic and author.	Daniel H. Rosen	1967
date of birth	Boris Nepokupnoy (Russian: Борис Непокупной, born 1887, date of death unknown) was a Russian fencer and modern pentathlete.	Boris Nepokupnoy	1887
date of birth	Tyrone Mears (born 18 February 1983) is an English professional footballer who currently plays as a right-back for Seattle Sounders FC.	Tyrone Mears	18 February 1983
date of birth	Brian Fairley (born 18 April 1959 in Falkirk) is a Scottish former association football manager.	Brian Fairley	18 April 1959
date of birth	Phil Donkin (born November 1980 in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear) is a British Jazz bassist.	Phil Donkin	November 1980
date of birth	Åge Vedel Tåning (born 27 July 1890--died 26 September 1958 in Copenhagen) was a Danish ichthyologist.	Åge Vedel Tåning	27 July 1890
date of birth	John Kromko (born 1940) is a former Arizona state legislator.	John Kromko	1940
date of birth	Bruno Labbadia (pronounced (labbaˈdiːa); born 8 February 1966) is a retired German footballer of Italian heritage.	Bruno Labbadia	8 February 1966
date of birth	Ricky Kato (born 5 July 1994) is an Australian amateur golfer from Sydney, Australia.	Ricky Kato	5 July 1994
date of birth	Cameron Johnston (born 6 December 1970 in Smithers, British Columbia, Canada) is an Australian freestyle wrestler.	Cameron Johnston	6 December 1970
date of birth	Vasile Buhăescu (born 2 February 1988), is a Romanian footballer.	Vasile Buhăescu	2 February 1988
date of birth	Michael Lantieri (born 13 August 1954) went to school in Los Angeles, California with actor-director Ron Howard, wanting to be in films from an early age though as a director.	Michael Lantieri	13 August 1954
date of birth	Aliaksei Likhacheuski (Belarusian: Аляксей Ліхачэўскі, Russian: Алексей Лихачевский; born 28 June 1990) is a Belarusian sabre fencer, team silver medallist at the 2011 World Championships in Catania.	Aliaksei Likhacheuski	28 June 1990
date of birth	Mícheál Ó hEidhin, Irish musician and teacher, and schools inspector of music, Primary/Postprimary born 1938.	Mícheál Ó hEidhin	1938
date of birth	Vice-Admiral Edward Astley-Rushton CB CMG (4 September 1879 -- 18 July 1935) was a senior Royal Navy officer who commanded the Reserve Fleet.	Edward Astley-Rushton	4 September 1879
date of birth	K. Ravindran (1945--2011), better known by his pen-name Chintha Ravi, was an Indian writer, journalist, film critic and film director.	Chintha Ravi	1945
date of birth	Fumiyuki Beppu (Japanese: 別府史之; born 10 April 1983) is a Japanese professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team Trek--	Fumiyuki Beppu	10 April 1983
date of birth	Yana Borodina (born 21 April 1992) is a Russian athlete who competes in the Triple Jump with a personal best result of 14.41 metres.	Yana Borodina	21 April 1992
date of birth	Ron Willett (November 1944 (age 71--72)) birth registered in Pontefract district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, playing at club level for Castleford.	Ron Willett	1944
date of birth	Henry Kraus (1906, in Knoxville, Tennessee - January 27, 1995 in Paris) was a labor historian, and European art historian.	Henry Kraus	1906
date of birth	Robert Hugo, Duke of Parma and Piacenza (Italian: Roberto Ugo di Borbone-Parma; 7 August 1909 -- 15 November 1974) was the head of the House of Bourbon-Parma and the pretender to the defunct throne of the Parma between 1959 and 1974.	Robert Hugo, Duke of Parma	7 August 1909
date of birth	Nebojša Pejić (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Пејић, born 5 January 1988) is a Bosnian footballer playing with FK Rudar Prijedor in the Bosnian Premier League.	Nebojša Pejić	5 January 1988
date of birth	Lo Hsiang-lin (1906--1978) was one of the most renowned researchers in Hakka language and culture.	Lo Hsiang-lin	1906
date of birth	Dorothy Marion Campbell (11 January 1911 in Hedon, Yorkshire -- 3 October 2005 in East Riding of Yorkshire) was an English potter.	Dorothy Marion Campbell	11 January 1911
date of birth	Katie Jarvis (born 22 June 1991) is an English actress, known for her role as Mia Williams in the film Fish Tank.	Katie Jarvis	22 June 1991
date of birth	Christine Fong Kwok-shan (Chinese: 方國珊, born 28 March 1966) is an engineer and politician in Hong Kong, as well as a former child actress.	Christine Fong	28 March 1966
date of birth	Barbara Marten (Born 3 January 1947) is a British actress.	Barbara Marten	3 January 1947
date of birth	Nury Vittachi (born 2 October 1958 in Ceylon) is a journalist and author based in Hong Kong.	Nury Vittachi	2 October 1958
date of birth	Mads Tofte (born 20 April 1959) is a Danish computer scientist who has contributed in particular to functional programming and the Standard ML programming language.	Mads Tofte	20 April 1959
date of birth	Sharon Gal (Hebrew: שרון גל‎, born 13 August 1974) is an Israeli journalist and politician.	Sharon Gal	13 August 1974
date of birth	Clare Wille (born 1973, Bucklow, Cheshire, England) is an English stage and television actress.	Clare Wille	1973
date of birth	Kevin Schafer (born 1951) is an American photographer and writer.	Kevin Schafer	1951
date of birth	Hazrat Maulana Syed Shah Murshed Ali Alquadri Al Jilani was born on Friday, the 27th of Ramadan, 1268 A.H /16 July 1852 AD at the Khanqah Sharif of Piyardanga, P.S Chandrakona, now West Midnapore.	Hazrat Maulana Syed Shah Murshed Ali Alquadri Al Jilani	16 July 1852
date of birth	Helena Maria Ehrenstråhle (1760--1800) was a Swedish noblewoman and poet.	Helena Maria Ehrenstråhle	1760
date of birth	K.S. Narayanacharya (born 30 October 1933) is an Indian teacher and writer, popularly known as Ramayanacharya.	Narayanacharya	30 October 1933
date of birth	Boris Baczynsky (Baczynski) (14 October 1945, Vienna -- 2008, United States) was a Ukrainian--	Boris Baczynsky	14 October 1945
date of birth	Michael M. Cernea (born 1931) is an American-Romanian social scientist who introduced sociological and anthropological approaches into the World Bank.	Michael M. Cernea	1931
date of birth	Ko Matsushita (松下 耕, born 16 October 1962), is a Japanese conductor and composer.	Ko Matsushita	16 October 1962
date of birth	David Allen Green (born March 1971 ``Allen'' is his second forename) is an English lawyer and writer.	David Allen Green	March 1971
date of birth	Kurt Linder (born 8 October 1933) is a German former footballer and coach.	Kurt Linder	8 October 1933
date of birth	Diana Hansen-Young (born 1947) is an American artist and playwright.	Diana Hansen-Young	1947
date of birth	Dora Stratou (Greek: Δόρα Στράτου; 1903--1988) was a significant contributor to Greek Folk Dancing and Greek Folk Music.	Dora Stratou	1903
date of birth	Naukane (ca. 1779 - February 2, 1850), also known as John Coxe, Edward Cox, and Coxe was a Native Hawaiian chief who traveled widely through North America in the early 19th century.	Naukane	1779
date of birth	Geoffrey Scowcroft Fletcher (1923--2004) was a British artist and art critic, and is best known for his 1962 book The London Nobody Knows.	Geoffrey Scowcroft Fletcher	1923
date of birth	Professor Puran Singh (Punjabi: ਪ੍ਰੋ. ਪੂਰਨ ਸਿੰਘ) (1881--1931) was a Punjabi poet, scientist and mystic.	Puran Singh	1881
date of birth	Lun Thi (Burmese: လွန်သီ; born 18 July 1940) is a Burmese politician and retired Brigadier-General.	Lun Thi	18 July 1940
date of birth	Bart Whiteman (1948-March 14, 2006) was a Washington, D.C. theatre actor, director, and producer.	Bart Whiteman	1948
date of birth	Barbara Ninde Byfield (née Barbara Ninde, born 28 March 1930 in Abilene, Texas; died 8 November 1988 in Leland, Michigan) was an American author and illustrator.	Barbara Ninde Byfield	28 March 1930
date of birth	Born on 27 May 1882 in Stockholm, Gösta Bagge was named leader of the National Organization of the Right after the sudden retirement of Arvid Lindman in 1935.	Gösta Bagge	27 May 1882
date of birth	Steph Reynolds (born 23 October 1993) is a Welsh professional rugby union player who plays for Gloucester.	Steph Reynolds	23 October 1993
date of birth	Dean Semler ACS ASC, (born 1943) is an Australian cinematographer.	Dean Semler	1943
date of birth	Luis Biera (born 25 December 1958) is an Argentine former cyclist.	Luis Biera	25 December 1958
date of birth	Heather Elizabeth Apple (born 1948) is a Canadian writer, artist, and educator, with an interest in organic horticulture.	Heather Elizabeth Apple	1948
date of birth	Tasmin Lucia-Khan (born 18 July 1980) is an English television presenter, news anchor and entrepreneur.	Tasmin Lucia-Khan	18 July 1980
date of birth	Órlagh Fallon (born 24 August 1974), professionally known as Órla Fallon, is an Irish soloist, songwriter and former member of the group Celtic Woman and the chamber choir Anúna.	Órla Fallon	24 August 1974
date of birth	Blaž Jarc (born 17 July 1988) is a Slovenian former professional cyclist, who competed professionally between 2007 and 2014.	Blaž Jarc	17 July 1988
date of birth	Emmanuel Amey Ojara, MBChB, MMed Surgery, (10 February 1944 - 26 July 1987) was a medical doctor, surgeon and oncologist in East Africa.	Emmanuel Amey Ojara	10 February 1944
date of birth	Hong Bok-won (1206--1258) was a Goryeo commander who later served as an administrator of the Mongol Empire.	Hong Bok-won	1206
date of birth	John Clyde Oswald (1872 - June 22, 1938) was an author, president of the National Arts Club, and the editor of American Printer magazine.	John Clyde Oswald	1872
date of birth	Jeff Peckman (born 1954) is an American UFO disclosure activist as well as a political candidate for the Natural Law Party.	Jeff Peckman	1954
date of birth	Geoff Unwin (born 8 October 1936) is an English musician and composer.	Geoff Unwin	8 October 1936
date of birth	Rab Wilson (born 1 September 1960, New Cumnock, Ayrshire) is a Scottish poet who writes mainly in the Scots language.	Rab Wilson	1 September 1960
date of birth	Evvy Pedder (born Thomas Redrup; June 1, 1970) is an American musician, singer, songwriter who is best known for being the lead vocalist of the metal/murder rock band Lollipop Lust Kill.	Evvy Pedder	1970
date of birth	Joanna Sime (born 31 May 1962) was a Junior and Senior International Gymnast who represented Great Britain in the late 1970s.	Joanna Sime	31 May 1962
date of birth	Jing Chunhua (Chinese: 景春华; pinyin: Jĭng Chūnhuá; born February 1956) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Hebei province.	Jing Chunhua	February 1956
date of birth	Janne Kataja (born 5 April 1980) is a Finnish entertainer.	Janne Kataja	5 April 1980
date of birth	Asi Vassihon (Hebrew: אסי וסיהון‎, born 31 July 1982) is an Ethiopian-Israeli footballer playing for Maccabi Kiryat Gat.	Asi Vassihon	31 July 1982
date of birth	Zvezdan Martič (born 1963 in Celje, Slovenia) is a Slovenian journalist and engineer.	Zvezdan Martič	1963
date of birth	Diane McNaron (born 1947 in Texas) is an American singer, producer and Cabaret entertainer.	Diane McNaron	1947
date of birth	Lisa Gastoni (born 28 July 1935 in Alassio, Province of Savona) is an Italian film actress.	Lisa Gastoni	28 July 1935
date of birth	Mikhail Yuryevich Popov (Russian: Михаил Юрьевич Попов; born 25 September 1985) is a Russian footballer who currently plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk in the Russian National Football League.	Mikhail Yuryevich Popov	25 September 1985
date of birth	Edmund Walter Pook was born at Walworth, Surrey in 1851, the son of Ebenezer Whitcher Pook and Mary Pook, formerly Burch.	Edmund Walter Pook	1851
date of birth	Fabrizio Gifuni (born 16 July 1966) is an Italian stage, film and television actor.	Fabrizio Gifuni	16 July 1966
date of birth	Bego Ćatić (born 14 May 1963) is a former Bosnian footballer who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Bego Ćatić	14 May 1963
date of birth	Jan Willem Nienhuys (born 16 April 1942) is a Dutch mathematician, book translator and skeptic.	Jan Willem Nienhuys	16 April 1942
date of birth	Eleanor K. Baum (born 1940) is an American electrical engineer and educator.	Eleanor K. Baum	1940
date of birth	Joseph von Blumenthal, also known as Joseph de Blumenthal (1 November 1782 -- 9 May 1850), was an Austrian violinist and violist, influential pedagogue and composer.	Joseph von Blumenthal	1 November 1782
date of birth	Man Mohan Sondhi (1933 -- ) is a prominent speech processing researcher who worked at Bell Laboratories during 1962-2001.	Man Mohan Sondhi	1933
date of birth	Claire Lawrence (born 1939) is a Canadian musician who was a founding member of the Canadian band The Collectors, and remained with the group when it transitioned to Chilliwack in 1971.	Claire Lawrence	1939
date of birth	Wilhelm Aschwanden (born 18 December 1969) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed from 1992 to 2004.	Wilhelm Aschwanden	18 December 1969
date of birth	James de Beaujeu Domville (1933 -- April 2, 2015) was a French-born Canadian theatrical producer and administrator.	James de Beaujeu Domville	1933
date of birth	William Legge, 10th Earl of Dartmouth, FCA (born 23 September 1949), is a British politician and hereditary peer.	William Legge, 10th Earl of Dartmouth	23 September 1949
date of birth	Anna Romantowska (born 16 May 1950) is a Polish film and theatre actress.	Anna Romantowska	16 May 1950
date of birth	Lynn Ferguson Tweddle (born 11 April 1965) is a Scottish writer, actress, comedian and presenter.	Lynn Ferguson	11 April 1965
date of birth	Bob Schmetterer (New York City, 23 November 1943) is an American business executive and author.	Bob Schmetterer	23 November 1943
date of birth	Abdul Carrupt (born 28 December 1985) is a Portuguese-born Bissau-Guinean professional footballer currently playing for Swiss club Étoile Carouge.	Abdul Carrupt	28 December 1985
date of birth	Giovanni Mercurio da Correggio (Latin name: Iohannes Mercurius de Corigio; 1451 - ?) was an Italian itinerant preacher, Hermeticist, and alchemist.	Giovanni Mercurio da Correggio	1451
date of birth	Sante Ranucci (born 31 October 1933) is a retired Italian cyclist who won the amateur road race at the 1955 UCI Road World Championships.	Sante Ranucci	31 October 1933
date of birth	Salamiah Hassan (born 1951) is a Malaysian singer, famous during the 70s to 90s.	Salamiah Hassan	1951
date of birth	Elvin Ng (Chinese: 黄俊雄; pinyin: Huáng Jùnxíong; born 23 December 1980) is a Singaporean actor and model with Mediacorp.	Elvin Ng	23 December 1980
date of birth	Derek Martin (born Derek William Rapp on 11 April 1933) is a British actor who is best known for his role as Charlie Slater in the British soap opera EastEnders which he played from 2000--11, and briefly again in 2013 and 2016.	Derek Martin	11 April 1933
date of birth	Linda Estelle (Linda Roza Blokland), the voice of T-Spoon, was born in Arnhem in the Netherlands on 23 January 1974.	Linda Estelle	23 January 1974
date of birth	Rae Desmond Jones (born 1941) is an Australian poet, novelist, short story writer and politician.	Rae Desmond Jones	1941
date of birth	The Reverend Ralph Waller (born 11 December 1945) is a British academic and Methodist minister.	Ralph Waller	11 December 1945
date of birth	Blessed Luigi Bordino (12 August 1922 - 25 August 1977), born Andrea Bordino, was a Roman Catholic Italian priest and a member of the Brothers of Saint Joseph Benedict Cottolengo.	Luigi Bordino	12 August 1922
date of birth	Hilari Bell (born 1958) is an American fantasy author.	Hilari Bell	1958
date of birth	Matteo Boniciolli, born 18 April 1962 is an Italian basketball coach for Fortitudo Bologna in the Serie A2.	Matteo Boniciolli	18 April 1962
date of birth	Dale Meeks (born 1975) is an English television and theatre actor.	Dale Meeks	1975
date of birth	Micheál Schlingermann (born 23 June 1991 in Mayo) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for League of Ireland club, Sligo Rovers.	Micheál Schlingermann	23 June 1991
date of birth	Su Shulin (Chinese: 苏树林; pinyin: Sū Shùlín; born 14 March 1962) is a Chinese oil and gas executive and former politician.	Su Shulin	March 1962
date of birth	Mario Laguë (1958 -- August 12, 2010) was a Canadian diplomat and public servant.	Mario Laguë	1958
date of birth	Vincent Peirani (born 24 April 1980) is a French accordionist, vocalist and composer.	Vincent Peirani	24 April 1980
date of birth	Ernest Roeber (1861 - April 30, 1944) was a German-American professional wrestler who held the European Greco-Roman Heavyweight Championship from 1894 to 1900 and again between 1900 and 1901.	Ernest Roeber	1861
date of birth	Tiago da Silva Rannow known as Tiago or Tiago Rannow (born 3 September 1982) is a Brazilian footballer for Brasil de Pelotas.	Tiago Rannow	3 September 1982
date of birth	Gülse Birsel (née Şener; born 11 March 1971) is a Turkish comedian, writer, scenarist and actress.	Gülse Birsel	11 March 1971
date of birth	Dylan Easton (born 6 April 1994) is an attacking midfielder currently at Elgin City.	Dylan Easton	6 April 1994
date of birth	Roland Bürger (born 1972(?)), better known as ``Bürgermeista'' is a German guitarist and founder of the band Bürgermeista & Die Gemeinderäte in 2010.	Bürgermeista	1972
date of birth	Esat Valla (b. 1944 in Gjakova) is a Kosovar Albanian painter noted for his figuritive paintings of small animals or insects such as butterflies and birds.	Esat Valla	1944
date of birth	Oliver Kalkofe (born 12 September 1965) is a German satirist, columnist, book author, actor and writer	Oliver Kalkofe	12 September 1965
date of birth	Hicham Bellani (born 15 September 1979) is a Moroccan runner who specializes in the 3000 and 5000 metres.	Hicham Bellani	15 September 1979
date of birth	Kartik Seshadri (born 1957) is an Indian sitar player and teacher of Indian classical music.	Kartik Seshadri	1957
date of birth	Martin Bartenstein (born 3 June 1953) is an Austrian businessman and politician who held different cabinet portfolios between 1995 and 2008.	Martin Bartenstein	3 June 1953
date of birth	Chan Wing-chan, BBS (born 7 July 1935, Jiangmen, Guangdong, China) was the member of the Legislative Council in 1991--95 for the Hotels and Catering and 1998--2000 for Labour and also Provisional Legislative Council (1996--98).	Chan Wing-chan	7 July 1935
date of birth	Ding Mao (Chinese: 丁矛), born 1968 in Sichuan (Chinese: 四川) Mianyang (Chinese: 绵阳), is a Chinese dissident.	Ding Mao	1968
date of birth	Troy Makepeace (born 6 March 1979) is an Australian rules footballer with the Casey Scorpions of the Victorian Football League, formerly with the Kangaroos of the Australian Football League.	Troy Makepeace	6 March 1979
date of birth	Richard Benner (1943 -- December 2, 1990) was an American film director and screenwriter who worked predominantly in Canada.	Richard Benner	1943
date of birth	Arcadia Bandini de Stearns Baker (1825--1912) was a wealthy Los Angeles landowner and Californio.	Arcadia Bandini de Stearns Baker	1825
date of birth	Mildred Adams (1894 -- November 5, 1980, New York) was the name used by Mildred Adams Kenyon, an American journalist, writer, translator, and critic of Spanish literature.	Mildred Adams	1894
date of birth	Rojda Aykoç (born Kadriye Şenses in 1978), also known as Rojda Şenses or simply Rojda, is a contemporary Kurdish singer.	Rojda Aykoç	1978
date of birth	Brigadier General (retired) Jesaya Elago Kambonde (born 22 April 1955) is a Namibian former military commander.	Jesaya Elago Kambonde	22 April 1955
date of birth	Carmen E. Arroyo (born 1936), a native of Puerto Rico, is the first Hispanic woman elected to the New York State Assembly.	Carmen E. Arroyo	1936
date of birth	Oodgeroo Noonuccal (/ˈʊdʒ/ /ˈnuːnəkəl/ UUD-gə-roo NOO-nə-kəl; born Kathleen Jean Mary Ruska, formerly Kath Walker) (3 November 1920 -- 16 September 1993) was an Australian poet, political activist, artist and educator.	Oodgeroo Noonuccal	3 November 1920
date of birth	Ralph Emerson Twitchell, who went by Ralph E. Twitchell, (1859--1925) was an American historicist, mayor of Santa Fe, New Mexico, and chairman of the Rio Grande Commission, which drafted a treaty between the United States and Mexico leading to the building of the Elephant Butte Dam in his state.	Ralph E. Twitchell	1859
date of birth	Mike Shelley (born on 13 March 1972 in Leeds) is a former rugby union player who became the longest serving player in the history of Leeds Tykes rugby club, having joined them in 1996 from West Hartlepool.	Mike Shelley	13 March 1972
date of birth	Ian Cantwell (born 24 July 1966 in Harefield) is a former British auto racing driver who drove in the British Touring Car Championship.	Ian Cantwell	24 July 1966
date of birth	Conger Metcalf, (1914--1998) was an American painter.	Conger Metcalf	1914
date of birth	Tony Madison (born 1971) is a retired professional American basketball player who played NCAA basketball for the New Orleans Privateers.	Tony Madison	1971
date of birth	Simon Bairu (born 8 August 1983) is a former Canadian long-distance runner born in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, to an Ethiopian mother and an Eritrean father.	Simon Bairu	8 August 1983
date of birth	Ferenc Szalay (born 30 March 1955) is a Hungarian politician, the mayor of Szolnok from 1998 to 2002 and since 2006.	Ferenc Szalay	30 March 1955
date of birth	Neil Mendoza (born 1959) is a British entrepreneur, publisher and philanthropist.	Neil Mendoza	1959
date of birth	``George W. Lininger'' (1834-1907), was an implement dealer, art collector, private gallery owner, and civic leader in Omaha, Nebraska.	George W. Lininger	1834
date of birth	Robert Jayne (born 1973), sometimes credited as Bobby Jacoby, is an American actor.	Robert Jayne	1973
date of birth	Shazia Khalid (Sindhi: شازيه خالد‎) (Urdu: شازیه خالد ‎) (born 1973) is a medical doctor and advocate of women's human rights from Sui, Sui, Pakistan.	Shazia Khalid	1973
date of birth	Elizabeth Caroline Grey (1798--1869), aka Mrs. Colonel Grey or Mrs. Grey, was a prolific English author of over 30 romance novels, silver fork novels, Gothic novels, sensation fiction and Penny Dreadfuls, active between the 1820s and 1867.	Elizabeth Caroline Grey	1798
date of birth	Tony McKenzie (born 4 March 1963) is a British former boxer who was British light welterweight champion between 1986 and 1987.	Tony McKenzie	4 March 1963
date of birth	Franciszek Bieliński of Junosza coat of arms (1683--1766) was a Polish politician and statesman.	Franciszek Bieliński	1683
date of birth	Hatem Qafisha (Arabic: حاتم قفيشة‎) (born 1963) is a current member of the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC) representing Hebron.	Hatem Qafisha	1963
date of birth	Christof Ebert (born 1964 in Stuttgart) is a German computer scientist and entrepreneur.	Christof Ebert	1964
date of birth	Jim Eldridge (born November 1944) is an English radio, film and television screenwriter with hundreds of radio and TV scripts broadcast in the United Kingdom and across the world in a career spanning over 30 years.	Jim Eldridge	1944
date of birth	Thilan Thushara (full name Magina Thilan Thushara Mirando; born 1 March 1981) is a former Sri Lankan national cricketer.	Thilan Thushara	1 March 1981
date of birth	Anna Hope Hudson, generally known as Nan Hudson, (1869-1957) was an American-born artist who lived and worked in France and England.	Anna Hope Hudson	1869
date of birth	William Orbit (born William Mark Wainwright, 15 December 1956) is an English musician, composer and record producer.	William Orbit	15 December 1956
date of birth	Tshotlego Morama, born in Lethakane in 1987, is a Motswana Paralympic sprinter.	Tshotlego Morama	1987
date of birth	Zita Sattar (born 1975 in Birmingham, England) is an English television, theatre and film actress.	Zita Sattar	1975
date of birth	Manish Srivastav (born 13 January 1970) also known as Manish Shrivastava is a film director, producer and writer.	Manish Srivastav	13 January 1970
date of birth	Stephen Poliakoff, CBE, FRSL (born 1 December 1952) is an acclaimed British playwright, director and scriptwriter, best known for his work as a television dramatist.	Stephen Poliakoff	1 December 1952
date of birth	Bruce Ducker (born 1938) is an American novelist, short story writer, and poet.	Bruce Ducker	1938
date of birth	T.A. Rajendran popularly known as Nawab Rajendran (1950 -- October 10, 2003) was a social activist and journalist from Kerala.	Nawab Rajendran	1950
date of birth	Mohammad-Taghi Khalaji (born June 1948) is an Iranian Shia cleric.	Mohammad-Taghi Khalaji	1948
date of birth	Aya Darwish (Arabic: أية نصر الدين إبراهيم علي درويش ‎) (born 17 November 1994) is an Egyptian synchronized swimmer.	Aya Darwish	17 November 1994
date of birth	Florence Tan (Chinese: 陳秀麗; pinyin: Chén Xiùlì, born 30 June 1977) is a Malaysian actress.	Florence Tan	30 June 1977
date of birth	Jirair Sefilian (Armenian: Ժիրայր Սեֆիլեան (classical), Ժիրայր Սեֆիլյան (reformed); born 10 July 1967) is a Lebanese-born Armenian military commander and political activist.	Jirair Sefilian	10 July 1967
date of birth	Henrietta Moraes (22 May 1931 -- 6 January 1999) was a British artists' model and memoirist.	Henrietta Moraes	22 May 1931
date of birth	Liam Redmond (27 July 1913 -- 31 October 1989) was an Irish actor known for his stage, film and television roles.	Liam Redmond	27 July 1913
date of birth	Alfred Duggan (1903--1964) was a British historian, archeologist and best-selling historical novelist during the 1950s.	Alfred Duggan	1903
date of birth	Nicolas Woodman (born 21 March 1986 in Birmingham) is an English actor best known for playing Jack Hollins in the BBC soap, Doctors from 2009-2012.	Nicolas Woodman	21 March 1986
date of birth	Kas Hartadi (born 6 December 1970) is an Indonesian football manager and former player, that is currently managing Cilegon United.	Kas Hartadi	6 December 1970
date of birth	Rosemary Radcliffe (born 1949) is a Canadian comic actress, writer, composer and painter.	Rosemary Radcliffe	1949
date of birth	Frederick Stanley Haines (29 March 1879 in Meaford, Ontario -- 21 November 1960 in Thornhill, Ontario), more commonly known as Fred S. Haines, was a Canadian painter.	Fred S. Haines	29 March 1879
date of birth	Simon Arnott (born 14 February 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans and Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Simon Arnott	14 February 1976
date of birth	Nathan Gardner (born 3 July 1990) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the Wentworthville Magpies.	Nathan Gardner	3 July 1990
date of birth	Hoa Nguyen (Vĩnh Long, 1967) is an American poet.	Hoa Nguyen	1967
date of birth	Martha Lane Fox, Baroness Lane-Fox of Soho, CBE (born 10 February 1973) is a British businesswoman, philanthropist, and public servant.	Martha Lane Fox	10 February 1973
date of birth	Qian Yunlu (Chinese: 钱运录; pinyin: Qián Yùnlù; born 1944) is a retired Chinese politician.	Qian Yunlu	1944
date of birth	Chicago May (1870-1929) was the nickname of Mary Anne Duignan, an Irish-born criminal who became notorious in America, Britain and France.	Chicago May	1870
date of birth	Lee Ki-ho (Hangul: 이기호, born 17 August 1984) is a South Korean speed skater.	Lee Ki-ho	17 August 1984
date of birth	Roger Allers (born 1949) is an American film director, screenwriter, storyboard artist, animator and playwright.	Roger Allers	1949
date of birth	Rehema Ellis (born, 1954) is an American television journalist, working for NBC News.	Rehema Ellis	1954
date of birth	Axel Wittke (born 25 March 1960) is a former football player who has played both in the DDR-Oberliga and the 2.	Axel Wittke	25 March 1960
date of birth	Viktor Ullmann (1 January 1898, in Teschen -- 18 October 1944, in KZ Auschwitz-Birkenau) was a Silesia-born Austrian composer, conductor and pianist of Jewish origin.	Viktor Ullmann	1 January 1898
date of birth	Wang Pinxian (born 14 November 1936 in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province) is a Chinese marine geologist.	Wang Pinxian	14 November 1936
date of birth	Harvey Dinnerstein (born 1928), is a figurative artist and educator.	Harvey Dinnerstein	1928
date of birth	Prof. Hari Narke (मराठीः प्रा. हरी नरके) Born on 1 June 1963 is a Scholar, Author and Orator of International repute.	Hari Narke	1 June 1963
date of birth	Lena Stolze (born 8 August 1956 in Berlin) is a German television and film actress.	Lena Stolze	8 August 1956
date of birth	Rhie Won-bok (born 4 October 1946) is a South Korean cartoonist and professor.	Rhie Won-bok	4 October 1946
date of birth	Polly Frame (born in 1976) is a Scottish actress who was born in Edinburgh, Scotland and is best known to children as Pinky Pinkerton, the hyperactive sports announcer on Disney Channel's pre-school television series Bunnytown.	Polly Frame	1976
date of birth	Yseult Gervy (born 20 January 1979) is a retired Belgian swimmer who won the bronze medal in the 400 m medley at the 2000 European Aquatics Championships.	Yseult Gervy	20 January 1979
date of birth	Alan Allport (born 1970) is a British historian whose work looks at the relationship between war and society during the period of the two world wars.	Alan Allport	1970
date of birth	Isabel de Solís (fl. 1485), was the slave concubine and later the consort of Abu l-Hasan Ali, Sultan of Granada.	Isabel de Solís	1485
date of birth	Vaklush Tolev was born in Bulgaria on 7 January 1923 (Christmas Eve old style), in the village of Popovitsa, Plovdiv.	Vaklush Tolev	7 January 1923
date of birth	Lee Khoon Choy (Chinese: 李炯才; pinyin: Lǐ Jǐongcái born 24 January 1924) was a Malaysian teacher and journalist, and a Singaporean journalist, politician and diplomat, and an author and painter.	Lee Khoon Choy	1924
date of birth	Frank Kozloski (1916--2003) was an aeronautical engineer who worked on early tandem rotor helicopters and was one of the founders of Piasecki Helicopter's.	Frank Kozloski	1916
date of birth	Mahamadou Danda (born 25 July 1951) is a Nigerien political figure who was appointed as Prime Minister of Niger by the Supreme Council for the Restoration of Democracy (CSRD) on 23 February 2010 and left office on 7 April 2011.	Mahamadou Danda	25 July 1951
date of birth	Fiona Pennie (born 9 November 1982) is a British slalom canoeist who has competed internationally since 1997.	Fiona Pennie	9 November 1982
date of birth	D. Dominick Lombardi (Bronx, New York 1954) is a visual artist, writer and art critic; the U.S. editor of dArt international magazine; as well as a curator.	D. Dominick Lombardi	1954
date of birth	Kaja Norum (Born 17 April 1989) is a Norwegian model and figurativist painter.	Kaja Norum	17 April 1989
date of birth	Arthur Andrew McCutcheon (born 29 September 1931) is a former Australian politician, Attorney-General of Victoria from 1987 to 1990.	Andrew McCutcheon	29 September 1931
date of birth	Eli Avidar (born 3 December 1964) is the Managing Director of the Israel Diamond Institute Group of Companies and used to be an official in the Israeli Foreign Ministry.	Eli Avidar	3 December 1964
date of birth	Enrique Llanos (born 5 July 1980 in San Juan) is a Puerto Rican hurdler.	Enrique Llanos	5 July 1980
date of birth	Nurul Sriyankem (Thai: นูรูล ศรียานเก็ม; rtgs: Nurun Siyankem, born 8 February 1992), simply known as Nu (Thai: นู), is a Thai footballer who plays for Thai Premier League clubside Chonburi as a Forward	Nurul Sriyankem	8 February 1992
date of birth	Buddhadev Das Gupta (born 1 February 1933) in his maternal home at Bhagalpur, India to parents Prafulla Mohan Dasgupta and Bhabani Dasgupta.	Buddhadev Das Gupta	1 February 1933
date of birth	Aribert Mog (1904--1941) was a German film actor who played in a mixture of leading and supporting roles during the 1930s.	Aribert Mog	1904
date of birth	Cosimo Bottegari (1554--1620) was an Italian lutenist and composer of the Late Renaissance era.	Cosimo Bottegari	1554
date of birth	Vidya Pillai was born on 26 November 1977 in the southern Indian city of Chennai, Tamil Nadu.	Vidya Pillai	26 November 1977
date of birth	Halsey Chase Herreshoff (born 1933) is a Naval Architect of production- and custom yachts, sailor and former president of Herreshoff Marine Museum.	Halsey Chase Herreshoff	1933
developer	Encyclopedia Fuckme and the Case of the Vanishing Entree is an independently developed freeware dating sim developed and written by Anna Anthropy.	Encyclopedia Fuckme and the Case of the Vanishing Entree	Anna Anthropy
developer	Econet was Acorn Computers's low-cost local area network system, intended for use by schools and small businesses.	Econet	Acorn Computers
developer	High Integrity C++ (HIC++ or formerly HICPP) is a software coding standard for the C++ programming language developed by Programming Research Limited.	High Integrity C++	Programming Research Limited
developer	MS-DOS Editor, commonly just called edit, is a character-based text editor that comes with MS-DOS (since version 5) and 32-bit versions of Microsoft Windows.	MS-DOS Editor	Microsoft
developer	Monster Maulers, known in Japan as Kyukyoku Sentai Dadandarn (究極戦隊ダダンダーン lit. ``Ultimate Squad Dadandarn''), is a 1993 fighting arcade game developed and published by Konami.	Monster Maulers	Konami
developer	Modem Wars is a 1988 real-time tactics game developed by Ozark Softscape and published by Electronic Arts for the IBM PC and Commodore 64 platforms.	Modem Wars	Ozark Softscape
developer	Angry Birds 2 is a 2015 puzzle video game developed by Rovio Entertainment as the twelfth game in the Angry Birds series, and is the direct sequel to the original Angry Birds.	Angry Birds 2	Rovio Entertainment
developer	Twisted Metal 4 is a vehicular combat video game developed by 989 Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation.	Twisted Metal 4	989 Studios
developer	Infinity Blade III is an action role-playing game for iOS, developed by Chair Entertainment and Epic Games.	Infinity Blade III	Chair Entertainment
developer	Point of Destruction is an action game for the Gizmondo.	Point of Destruction	Gizmondo
developer	Kirby's Avalanche, known in Europe as Kirby's Ghost Trap, is a puzzle video game co-developed by HAL Laboratory, Compile and Banpresto.	Kirby's Avalanche	HAL Laboratory
developer	Project Milo (also referred to as Milo and Kate) was a project in development by Lionhead Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console.	Project Milo	Lionhead Studios
developer	Blaster Master 2 is a video game developed by Software Creations and published exclusively in North America by Sunsoft of America for the Sega Genesis on March 15, 1993.	Blaster Master 2	Software Creations
developer	Empire Earth is a 2001 real-time strategy video game developed by Stainless Steel Studios and released on November 23, 2001.	Empire Earth	Stainless Steel Studios
developer	Jigsaw Madness is a puzzle video game released for PlayStation in 2002, developed by Nippon Ichi Software and published by XS Games.	Jigsaw Madness	Nippon Ichi Software
developer	Peggle 2 is a puzzle video game developed by PopCap Games.	Peggle 2	PopCap Games
developer	Of Orcs and Men is a fantasy action role-playing game developed by Cyanide and Spiders for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC.	Of Orcs and Men	Cyanide
developer	Star Citizen and Squadron 42 are produced by Chris Roberts' company Cloud Imperium Games and its European counterpart Foundry 42 and marketed under the Cloud Imperium Games subsidiary Roberts Space Industries.	Star Citizen	Cloud Imperium Games
developer	Fate of Hellas (Russian: Судьба Эллады) (released as Great War Nations: The Spartans in North America) is a real-time PC strategy video game, published by JoWood and developed by World Forge.	Fate of Hellas	World Forge
developer	Air Warrior was a multiplayer on-line air-combat simulator launched by Kesmai in 1988.	Air Warrior	Kesmai
developer	Atomic Punk, released in Japan as Bomber Boy (ボンバーボーイ Bonbā Bōi) and in Europe as Dynablaster, is a video game released for the Game Boy in 1990 by Hudson Soft and licensed by Nintendo, as part of the Bomberman series.	Atomic Punk	Hudson Soft
developer	Your Shape is an exercise video game developed by Ubisoft, released for PCs and the Wii in 2009.	Your Shape	Ubisoft
developer	Strider 2, released in Japan as Strider Hiryū 2 (ストライダー飛竜２ Sutoraidā Hiryū Tsū), is Capcom's 1999 sequel to the original Strider.	Strider 2	Capcom
developer	Mad Dash Racing (sometimes referred to as simply Mad Dash) is a racing game for the Xbox developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Eidos Interactive.	Mad Dash Racing	Crystal Dynamics
developer	MyColors is a digital distribution platform for themes developed by Stardock.	MyColors	Stardock
developer	Dungeon Siege III is an action role-playing game developed by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows in 2011.	Dungeon Siege III	Obsidian Entertainment
developer	OutNumbered! is an educational computer game published by The Learning Company in 1990 for both Windows and Macintosh PCs. It is aimed at children ages seven to fourteen and is designed to teach children mathematical computation and problem solving skills.	OutNumbered!	The Learning Company
developer	Crashday is a destruction derby/racing/car stunts game co-developed by Replay Studios, Moonbyte Games and published by Atari.	Crashday	Replay Studios
developer	GoldSrc (also known as Goldsource) was a game engine used internally by Valve Corporation.	GoldSrc	Valve Corporation
developer	Art Alive! is a paint program released by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive in 1991.	Art Alive!	Sega
developer	3D Tanx is a shoot 'em up video game written by Don Priestley and published by dk'tronics in 1982 for the ZX Spectrum, C64 and BBC Micro.	3D Tanx	Don Priestley
developer	The Windows Installer CleanUp Utility (MSICUU2.exe) was a software utility for the Microsoft Windows operating system designed to solve uninstallation problems of programs that use the Windows Installer technology.	Windows Installer CleanUp Utility	Microsoft
developer	Deca Sports Extreme is a sports video game for the Nintendo 3DS which is developed by Hudson Soft and published by Konami in the Deca Sports series.	Deca Sports Extreme	Hudson Soft
developer	DJMax Technika Tune is a music game for the PlayStation Vita published and developed by Pentavision Studio in South Korea, and is an adaptation of the earlier DJMax Technika arcade game series.	DJMax Technika Tune	Pentavision
developer	Slave Zero is a 1999 action video game developed by Accolade and published by Infogrames Entertainment, SA. The game was originally designed to work with Windows 95 and Windows 98.	Slave Zero	Accolade
developer	Robodemons is an action video game with shooting elements that was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System by Color Dreams on December 1989.	Robodemons	Color Dreams
developer	F1 World Grand Prix 2000 is a racing video game developed by Eutechnyx.	F1 World Grand Prix 2000	Eutechnyx
developer	Airfix Dogfighter is a 2000 flight-combat video game for the personal computer; developed by Unique Development Studios and Paradox Entertainment, published by EON Digital Entertainment, it was released on January 14 in North America and Europe.	Airfix Dogfighter	Unique Development Studios
developer	Blade Master is a scrolling hack and slash arcade game released by Irem in 1991.	Blade Master	Irem
developer	Armored Warriors, known in Japan as Powered Gear - Strategic Variant Armor Equipment (パワードギア), is a 1994 mecha-themed beat-em-up game released by Capcom as a coin-operated video game for their CP System II hardware.	Armored Warriors	Capcom
developer	On 11 August 2010, Sports Interactive published a video announcing a number of new features that will be included in Football Manager 2011.	Football Manager 2011	Sports Interactive
developer	Iridion II is a scrolling shooter video game developed by Shin'en Multimedia and published by Majesco Entertainment and Sierra Entertainment in North America and PAL regions respectively for the Game Boy Advance handheld video game console.	Iridion II	Shin'en Multimedia
developer	Lunar Pool (known as Lunar Ball (ルナーボール Runā Bōru) in Japan) is a rough simulation of pool (pocket billiards) combined with aspects of miniature golf, created by Compile for the Nintendo Entertainment System and MSX, in which each stage is a differently shaped pool table.	Lunar Pool	Compile
developer	Space War is a video game cartridge for the Atari 2600, released in 1978 by Atari, Inc..	Space War	Atari, Inc.
developer	The Tone Rebellion is a science fiction real-time strategy game created by The Logic Factory.	The Tone Rebellion	The Logic Factory
developer	Nimble Quest is an adventure video game released by NimbleBit on March 28, 2013.	Nimble Quest	NimbleBit
developer	ESPN MLS ExtraTime 2002, or ESPN MLS ExtraTime, is a sports video game released in 2002 by Konami.	ESPN MLS ExtraTime 2002	Konami
developer	Sibak Al Fursan (Race of the Horsemen) is a free-to-play 3D, episodic racing game from Kuma Reality Games.	Sibak Al Fursan (Race of the Horsemen)	Kuma Reality Games
developer	Rig Racer 2 is a video game developed by Data Design Interactive for the PlayStation 2, PC, and for the Wii.	Rig Racer 2	Data Design Interactive
developer	Mars Cars is a 1982 Apple II game produced by Datamost.	Mars Cars	Datamost
developer	Hospital Tycoon is a business simulation video game developed by DR Studios and published by Codemasters.	Hospital Tycoon	DR Studios
developer	Shinobi, known in Japan as Shinobi 3D, is a video game developed by Griptonite Games (a division of Foundation 9) and published by Sega as part of the Shinobi series, and was released worldwide in November 2011.	Shinobi 3D	Griptonite Games
developer	Soul Fjord is a hybrid Roguelike/Rhythm game developed by Airtight Games exclusively for the Ouya games console.	Soul Fjord	Airtight Games
developer	Mega Man Battle & Chase, known in Japan as Rockman Battle & Chase (ロックマン バトル&チェイス), is a PlayStation racing video game based on the original Mega Man series from Capcom.	Mega Man Battle & Chase	Capcom
developer	Mistmare is a 2003 action role-playing game from Arxel Tribe set in alternate medieval Europe.	Mistmare	Arxel Tribe
developer	The Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle, known in Japan as Roger Rabbit (ロジャーラビット) for the Family Computer Disk System is a 1989 action-puzzle video game developed by Kemco for the NES.	The Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle	Kemco
developer	The Lost Vikings is a puzzle-platform video game developed by Silicon & Synapse (now Blizzard Entertainment) and published by Interplay.	The Lost Vikings	Blizzard Entertainment
director	The Genesis Code is a 2010 American drama film directed by C. Thomas Howell and Patrick Read Johnson, and written by Michael W. Leighton.	The Genesis Code	C. Thomas Howell	Patrick Read Johnson
director	Ouaga-Saga is a 2004 comedy film by Burkina Faso-based filmmaker Dani Kouyaté.	Ouaga-Saga	Dani Kouyaté
director	Puthiya Vaarpugal is a 1979 Tamil language feature film directed by P. Bharathiraja.	Puthiya Vaarpugal	P. Bharathiraja
director	After Darkness is a 1985 Swiss horror film directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard and Sergio Guerraz.	After Darkness	Dominique Othenin-Girard
director	Bewitching Kisses (Spanish: Besos Brujos) is a 1937 Argentine romantic drama film musical directed and written by José A. Ferreyra, based on a story by Enrique García Velloso.	Bewitching Kisses	José A. Ferreyra
director	The Ancient Highway is a 1925 American adventure silent film directed by Irvin Willat and written by James Oliver Curwood, James Shelley Hamilton and Eve Unsell.	The Ancient Highway	Irvin Willat
director	Pekka ja Pätkä Suezilla (Swedish: Träskalle och Stumpen i Suez , English: Pekka and Pätkä on Suez) is a 1958 Finnish comedy directed by Armand Lohikoski and starring Esa Pakarinen and Masa Niemi.	Pekka ja Pätkä Suezilla	Armand Lohikoski
director	J'ai faim !!! (I'm hungry !!!) is a 2001 French comedy film directed by Florence Quentin.	J'ai faim !!!	Florence Quentin
director	Je Bho Ramrai Bho (in Nepali:जे भो राम्रै भो) is a 2003 Nepali film directed by Hari Bansha Acharya.	Je Bho Ramrai Bho	Hari Bansha Acharya
director	China Heavyweight (also known by its Chinese title 千錘百煉) is a 2012 documentary film by the Chinese-Canadian documentary film director Yung Chang and released by EyeSteelFilm.	China Heavyweight	Yung Chang
director	Aidondla Aidu (Kannada: ಐದೊಂದ್ಲ ಐದು) is a 2011 Indian Kannada language anthology drama film directed by V. K. Prakash and produced by Vachan Shetty and Sujitha Prakash.	Aidondla Aidu	V. K. Prakash
director	The Heroes of Telemark is a British 1965 Eastman Color war film directed by Anthony Mann based on the true story of the Norwegian heavy water sabotage during World War II. It was filmed on location in Norway.	The Heroes of Telemark	Anthony Mann
director	Trouble Preferred is a 1948 American thriller film directed by James Tinling and written by Arnold Belgard.	Trouble Preferred	James Tinling
director	The Fall of a Nation is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Thomas Dixon, Jr., and is a sequel to the 1915 film The Birth of a Nation, directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Fall of a Nation	Thomas Dixon
director	Target Zero is a 1955 American drama film directed by Harmon Jones and written by James Warner Bellah and Sam Rolfe.	Target Zero	Harmon Jones
director	Police Chief Antek (Antek policmajster) is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.	Police Chief Antek	Michał Waszyński
director	One More River is a 1934 American film directed by James Whale.	One More River	James Whale
director	Thanga Meenkal (English: Gold Fish) is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Ram, directing his second film after Kattradhu Thamizh.	Thanga Meenkal	Ram
director	Bloodrage (also known as Never Pick up a Stranger) is a 1979 horror film directed by Joseph Zito (under the pseudonym Joseph Bigwood) and written by Robert Jahn.	Bloodrage	Joseph Zito
director	The Club of the Big Deed (Russian: Союз Великого дела) is a 1927 Soviet silent film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg about 1825 Decembrist revolt.	The Club of the Big Deed	Grigori Kozintsev	Leonid Trauberg
director	These Glamour Girls is a 1939 comedy-drama film directed by S. Sylvan Simon.	These Glamour Girls	S. Sylvan Simon
director	Lady Cocoa (also known as Pop Goes the Weasel) is a 1975 low-budget American blaxploitation crime drama that was directed by Matt Cimber.	Lady Cocoa	Matt Cimber
director	Shabdavedhi (Kannada: ಶಬ್ದವೇಧಿ ) is a Kannada film directed by S. Narayan and produced by Sri Bhargavi Arts Combines.	Shabdavedhi	S. Narayan
director	Manjina Hani is an upcoming Kannada film starring V. Ravichandran and Haripriya in the lead roles.	Manjina Hani	V. Ravichandran
director	The Narrow Margin is a 1952 American film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and written by Earl Felton, based on an unpublished story written by Martin Goldsmith and Jack Leonard.	The Narrow Margin	Richard Fleischer
director	Paroled - To Die is a 1938 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield and written by George H. Plympton.	Paroled - To Die	Sam Newfield
director	Goodbye, Norma Jean is a 1976 film by Larry Buchanan based on the life of Marilyn Monroe.	Goodbye, Norma Jean	Larry Buchanan
director	Anemic Cinema or Anémic Cinéma (1926) is a Dadaist, surrealist, or experimental film made by Marcel Duchamp.	Anemic Cinema	Marcel Duchamp
director	Showgirl's Luck is a 1931 Australian musical directed by Norman Dawn.	Showgirl's Luck	Norman Dawn
director	Loss of Sensation, alternatively titled Robot of Jim Ripple, Russian: ``Гибель сенсации'' (``Робот Джима Рипль'') is a 1935 Soviet science fiction sound film directed by Alexandr Andriyevsky.	Loss of Sensation	Alexandr Andriyevsky
director	The Red Mark is a 1928 silent film melodrama produced and directed by James Cruze and starring Gaston Glass.	The Red Mark	James Cruze
director	Pyar Ka Mausam (English: Season of Love) is a 1969 movie under Nasir Hussain films banner.	Pyar Ka Mausam	Nasir Hussain
director	Creatures the World Forgot is a 1971 adventure film directed by Don Chaffey and produced and written for Hammer Films by Michael Carreras.	Creatures the World Forgot	Don Chaffey
director	Aromalunni is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Kunchacko based on Vadakkan Pattukal, a collection of Northern Ballads of medieval origin.	Aromalunni	Kunchacko
director	Invisible Adversaries (German: Unsichtbare Gegner) is a 1977 Austrian experimental drama film directed by Valie Export, her debut feature film.	Invisible Adversaries	Valie Export
director	Scram! is a 1932 Laurel and Hardy film directed by Ray McCarey.	Scram!	Ray McCarey
director	Nobody Wanted to Die (Lithuanian: Niekas nenorėjo mirti, Russian: Никто не хотел умирать) is a 1966 Lithuanian film made in Soviet Lithuania and directed by Vytautas Žalakevičius.	Nobody Wanted to Die	Vytautas Žalakevičius
director	The Evil Stairs (Hangul: 마의 계단; RR: Ma-ui gyedan; also known as The Devil's Stairway) is a 1964 South Korean mystery film directed by Lee Man-hee.	The Evil Stairs	Lee Man-hee
director	Walker Payne is a 2006 film directed and co-written by Matt Williams.	Walker Payne	Matt Williams
director	The White Land (Spanish:Las tierras blancas) is a 1959 Argentine drama film directed by Hugo del Carril and starring Del Carril, Ricardo Trigo and Amanda Silva.	The White Land	Hugo del Carril
director	Beyond the Lights is a 2014 American romantic drama film directed and written by Gina Prince-Bythewood.	Beyond the Lights	Gina Prince-Bythewood
director	Flower Island (Hangul: 꽃섬; RR: Ggot seom) is a 2001 South Korean film directed by Song Il-gon.	Flower Island	Song Il-gon
director	Are All Men Pedophiles? is a 2012 documentary film about pedophilia and hebephilia, directed by Dutch media producer Jan-Willem Breure and presented by the then 14-year-old model Savannah van Zweeden.	Are All Men Pedophiles?	Jan-Willem Breure
director	Irena do domu! (English: Irene, Go Home!) is a Polish comedy film from 1955 directed by Jan Fethke.	Irena do domu!	Jan Fethke
director	Subconscious Cruelty is an independent film written and directed by Karim Hussain and produced by Mitch Davis.	Subconscious Cruelty	Karim Hussain
director	Caught in Berlin's Underworld (German:Die Ausgestoßenen) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Martin Berger and starring Fritz Kortner, Maly Delschaft and Hans Stüwe.	Caught in Berlin's Underworld	Martin Berger
director	And Love Has Vanished (Serbian: Dvoje) is a 1961 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Aleksandar Petrović.	And Love Has Vanished	Aleksandar Petrović
director	Going Highbrow is a 1935 American comedy-musical film directed by Robert Florey.	Going Highbrow	Robert Florey
director	My Destiny In Your Hands (Portuguese: Meu Destino em Tuas Mãos) is a 1963 Brazilian drama film written, directed by, and starring José Mojica Marins.	My Destiny In Your Hands	José Mojica Marins
director	I Live in Grosvenor Square is a British WWII romance directed and produced by Herbert Wilcox.	I Live in Grosvenor Square	Herbert Wilcox
director	Evil Senses (Italian: Sensi) is a 1986 Italian erotic thriller film written and directed by Gabriele Lavia and starring Monica Guerritore, the same Lavia, and Mimsy Farmer.	Evil Senses	Gabriele Lavia
director	The Old Homestead is a 1935 American romantic western musical film directed by William Nigh.	The Old Homestead	William Nigh
director	He Knew Women is a 1930 American comedy film, directed by Hugh Herbert, from a screenplay by him and William B. Jutte, which was adapted from S. N. Behrman's 1927 play The Second Man.	He Knew Women	Hugh Herbert
director	Fashions of 1934 is a 1934 American Pre-Code musical comedy film directed by William Dieterle with musical numbers created and directed by Busby Berkeley.	Fashions of 1934	William Dieterle
director	Count Dracula's Great Love (originally El gran amor del conde Drácula) is a 1974 Spanish film directed by Javier Aguirre.	Count Dracula's Great Love	Javier Aguirre
director	Chandrolsavam (Malayalam:ചന്ദ്രോത്സവം) is a 2005 Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by Ranjith.	Chandrolsavam	Ranjith
director	Nightmare City (Italian: Incubo Sulla Cittá Contaminata) is a 1980 Italian-Spanish zombie film directed by Umberto Lenzi.	Nightmare City	Umberto Lenzi
director	Say Nothing is a drama, romance, and thriller film written by Madeline Sunshine and directed by Allan Moyle.	Say Nothing	Allan Moyle
director	Dhoom 3 ((ˈd̪ʱuːm 3), English: Blast 3 or Boom 3, also abbreviated and known as D:3 and D3) is a 2013 Indian action film, written and directed by Fahad Rao & Vijay Krishna Acharya and produced by Aditya Chopra.	Dhoom 3	Vijay Krishna Acharya
director	Iron Eagle II is a 1988 Israeli-Canadian-American action film directed by Sidney J. Furie.	Iron Eagle II	Sidney J. Furie
director	Cruel Winter Blues (Hangul: 열혈남아; RR: Yeol-hyeol-nam-a; lit. ``A Hot-blooded Man'') is a 2006 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Jeong-beom.	Cruel Winter Blues	Lee Jeong-beom
director	The Hot Flashes is a film by Susan Seidelman, director of Desperately Seeking Susan.	The Hot Flashes	Susan Seidelman
director	My Heart Is Mine Alone (German: Mein Herz -- niemandem!) is a 1997 German experimental drama film directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms.	My Heart Is Mine Alone	Helma Sanders-Brahms
director	21 Hours at Munich is a 1976 American TV movie directed by William A. Graham.	21 Hours at Munich	William A. Graham
director	Mannavan Vanthaanadi (Tamil: மன்னவன் வந்தானடி) is a 1975 Indian Tamil film, directed by P. Madhavan.	Mannavan Vanthaanadi	P. Madhavan
director	México 2000 is a 1983 Mexican science fiction comedy film, directed by Rogelio A. González.	México 2000	Rogelio A. González
director	El tambor de Tacuarí (English: Tacuarí's drummer) is a 1948 Argentine historical drama film, directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and written by Hugo Mac Dougall.	El tambor de Tacuarí	Carlos F. Borcosque
director	Corrientes, Street of Dreams (Spanish: Corrientes, calle de ensueños) is a 1949 Argentine musical film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Mariano Mores and Yeya Duciel.	Corrientes, Street of Dreams	Román Viñoly Barreto
director	Music for December (Russian: Музыка для декабря, translit. Muzyka dlya dekabrya) is a 1995 Russian drama film directed by Ivan Dykhovichny.	Music for December	Ivan Dykhovichny
director	The Heart's Cry (French: Le Cri du coeur) is a 1994 Burkinabé/French drama film directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo.	The Heart's Cry	Idrissa Ouedraogo
director	Go for Sisters, also known as Tomorrow You're Gone, is a 2013 film directed by John Sayles.	Go for Sisters	John Sayles
director	En Manaivi was a 1942 Tamil language film produced by Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar and directed by Sundar Rao Nadkarni.	En Manaivi	Sundar Rao Nadkarni
director	Mistaken Orders is a 1925 silent film action adventure directed by J. P. McGowan.	Mistaken Orders	J. P. McGowan
director	I G Inspector General is a 2009 Malayalam thriller film directed by B. Unnikrishnan.	I G Inspector General	B. Unnikrishnan
director	A Life Begins (French: Une vie qui commence) is a 2010 Canadian French language drama film set in the sixties directed and written by Michel Monty, his debut long feature.	A Life Begins	Michel Monty
director	Mera Dil Tere Liye is a 1992 Indian Hindi film, directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced by Mrs. Shohreh Bhagat.	Mera Dil Tere Liye	S. A. Chandrasekhar
director	Dipu Number Two (Bangla : দীপু নাম্বার টু) is directed by Morshedul Islam.	Dipu Number Two	Morshedul Islam
director	Living Wigan is a 1902 silent short documentary film directed by James Kenyon and Sagar Mitchell, showing street life and a steam tram in Wigan in August 1902.	Living Wigan	Sagar Mitchell
director	Asignatura pendiente is a 1977 Spanish drama film co- written and directed by José Luis Garci.	Asignatura pendiente	José Luis Garci
director	A Final Reckoning is a 1928 American Western film serial directed by Ray Taylor.	A Final Reckoning	Ray Taylor
director	Myself Ghaint is a 2014 Indian Feature film, Punjabi film directed by Akashdeep S Batth and starring Gaurav Kakkar and Maninder Velly as leads, with Dolly Sidhu on Female Lead along with Aditi Govitrikar.	Myself Ghaint	Akashdeep S Batth
director	Raavanaprabhu (Malayalam: രാവണപ്രഭു, English: Ravana the Lord) is a 2001 Malayalam action drama film written and directed by Ranjith.	Raavanaprabhu	Ranjith
director	Babysitter Wanted is a 2008 American horror film directed by Jonas Barnes & Michael Manasseri being written by Jonas Barnes.	Babysitter Wanted	Michael Manasseri
director	Diva Bale Sari Raat is an Indian Punjabi movie released in 1990, directed by Harpal Tiwana.	Diva Bale Sari Raat	Harpal Tiwana
director	Don't Look Back, My Son (Croatian: Ne okreći se sine), also known as My Son Don't Turn Round in the United States, is a 1956 Croatian film directed by Branko Bauer.	Don't Look Back, My Son	Branko Bauer
director	Maanthrikam is a 1995 Malayalam movie directed by Thampi Kannanthanam.	Maanthrikam	Thampi Kannanthanam
director	No Trace is a 1950 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Hugh Sinclair, Dinah Sheridan and John Laurie.	No Trace	John Gilling
director	How Yukong Moved the Mountains (French: Comment Yukong déplaça les montagnes) is a 1976 French documentary film directed by Joris Ivens.	How Yukong Moved the Mountains	Joris Ivens
director	Volga-Volga (Russian: Волга-Волга) is a Soviet film comedy directed by Grigori Aleksandrov, released on April 24, 1938.	Volga-Volga	Grigori Aleksandrov
director	Buy Me That Town is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Murray Boltinoff, Harry A. Gourfair, Gordon Kahn and Martin Rackin.	Buy Me That Town	Eugene Forde
director	Aksharaya (A Letter of Fire) is a 2005 French-Sri Lankan film directed by Asoka Handagama.	Aksharaya	Asoka Handagama
director	Kalyaanappanthal is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Dr. Balakrishnan.	Kalyaanappanthal	Dr. Balakrishnan
director	Meet the Mormons is a 2014 American documentary film directed by Blair Treu and produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Meet the Mormons	Blair Treu
director	In July 2010, David Cage of Quantic Dream announced that the Chronicles downloadable content was put on indefinite hiatus due to Heavy Rain:	Heavy Rain	David Cage
director	Corações em Suplício is a 1926 Brazilian drama film directed by Eugenio Centenaro Kerrigan and produced by Masotti Film (locally also nicked Estúdios Masotti and Irmãos Masotti) in Guaranésia, MG in 1925, the town where it was run.	Corações em Suplício	Eugenio Centenaro Kerrigan
director	$pent is a 2000 drama film, directed by Gil Cates Jr.	$pent	Gil Cates Jr.
director	Meet the Fockers is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Jay Roach and the sequel to Meet the Parents.	Meet the Fockers	Jay Roach
director	Riders of the Deadline is a 1943 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Bennett Cohen.	Riders of the Deadline	Lesley Selander
director	Ten Thousand Years Older is a 2002 documentary film by Werner Herzog about the Amondauas (Uru Eus) people of Brazil.	Ten Thousand Years Older	Werner Herzog
director	Mediastan is a 2013 documentary film about the 2010 United States diplomatic cables leak, directed by Johannes Wahlström and produced by Julian Assange, Rebecca O'Brien and Lauren Dark.	Mediastan	Johannes Wahlström
director	Beyond the Mat is a 1999 documentary directed, written, produced and narrated by Barry W. Blaustein.	Beyond the Mat	Barry W. Blaustein
director	Fire in the Night is a 2013 British documentary film about the Piper Alpha disaster directed by Anthony Wonke.	Fire in the Night	Anthony Wonke
director	Outing Riley is a 2004 comedy film written, directed, and starring Pete Jones, about a gay man coming out to his three brothers.	Outing Riley	Pete Jones
director	The Decay of Fiction is a 2002 American 35mm part color and part black-and-white experimental film noir project directed by independent filmmaker and artist Pat O'Neill.	The Decay of Fiction	Pat O'Neill
director	Navagraha Nayagi (Tamil: நவகிரக நாயகி) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Shankar and produced by L. N. Nachiappan, L. N. Chidambaram and V. Rangasamy.	Navagraha Nayagi	K. Shankar
director	Yes Your Honour is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by V. M. Vinu.	Yes Your Honour	V. M. Vinu
director	What Richard Did is a 2012 Irish film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Malcolm Campbell.	What Richard Did	Lenny Abrahamson
director	Gestern und heute (lit. ``Yesterday and today'') is a 1938 German Nazi propaganda short film directed by Hans Steinhoff.	Gestern und heute	Hans Steinhoff
director	20 Minute Workout was created by Ron Harris in 1983, produced by Tantra Entertainment in association with the Canadian animation company Nelvana, and broadcast locally on Citytv.	20 Minute Workout	Ron Harris
director	Olavina Udugore (Kannada: ಒಲವಿನ ಉಡುಗೊರೆ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada language film directed, written and co-produced by D. Rajendra Babu.	Olavina Udugore	D. Rajendra Babu
director	Melvilasom (English: The Address) is a 2011 Indian courtroom drama film directed by Madhav Ramadasan and written by Soorya Krishna Moorthy.	Melvilasom	Madhav Ramadasan
director	Body Scent (Serbo-Croatian: 'Zadah tela'), is a 1983 Yugoslav drama film directed by Živojin Pavlović.	Body Scent	Živojin Pavlović
director	Satan, Hold My Hand or Satan Hold My Hand is a 2013 horror-comedy feature film edited, co-produced and directed by Courtney Fathom Sell.	Satan, Hold My Hand	Courtney Fathom Sell
director	Slaughter's Big Rip-Off is a 1973 Blaxploitation film directed by Gordon Douglas and written by Charles Eric Johnson.	Slaughter's Big Rip-Off	Gordon Douglas
director	Written by Daniel Powell and Greg White and directed by Aaron Augenblick and Lucy Snyder, ``Treegasm'' was inspired by funny-looking trees, such as trees that appear to have genitalia or are having sex.	Treegasm	Aaron Augenblick
director	Beyond the Front Line (Finnish: Etulinjan edessä, Swedish: Framom främsta linjen) is a 2004 Finnish war film directed by Åke Lindman.	Beyond the Front Line	Åke Lindman
director	``Reason and Emotion'' was directed by Bill Roberts, while animation was done by Ward Kimball and Ollie Johnson.	Reason and Emotion	Bill Roberts
director	Monkeyshines, No. 1 was shot by William K.L. Dickson and William Heise for the Edison labs.	Monkeyshines	William Heise
director	A Woman as a Friend (Italian: Una donna per amica) is a 2014 romantic comedy film written and directed by Giovanni Veronesi and starring Fabio De Luigi and Laetitia Casta.	A Woman as a Friend	Giovanni Veronesi
director	11 Harrowhouse is a 1974 British film directed by Aram Avakian.	11 Harrowhouse	Aram Avakian
director	They Came Together is a 2014 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by Wain and Michael Showalter.	They Came Together	David Wain
director	The Scarlett O'Hara War is a 1980 made for TV movie directed by John Erman.	The Scarlett O'Hara War	John Erman
director	Our Children (French: À perdre la raison) is a 2012 Belgian-French psychological drama film directed by Joachim Lafosse.	Our Children	Joachim Lafosse
director	Speed to Burn is a 1938 American crime drama film, directed by Otto Brower.	Speed to Burn	Otto Brower
director	The Great Cognito is an Oscar-nominated claymation short directed by Will Vinton.	The Great Cognito	Will Vinton
director	The Snake Brothers (Czech: Kobry a užovky, literally Cobras and Grass Snakes) is a 2015 Czech crime drama film directed by Jan Prušinovský.	The Snake Brothers	Jan Prušinovský
director	Brandos Costumes (1974) is a Portuguese film directed by Alberto Seixas Santos which was a part of the Novo Cinema movement -- influenced by the cinematographic neo-realism and specially by the Nouvelle Vague.	Brandos Costumes	Alberto Seixas Santos
director	The Immortal Garrison (Russian: Бессмертный гарнизон, Bessmertnyy garnizon) is a 1956 Soviet war film directed by Zakhar Agranenko and Eduard Tisse.	The Immortal Garrison	Eduard Tisse
director	Heading Home (also called Headin' Home) is a 1920 American silent film directed by Lawrence C. Windom.	Heading Home	Lawrence C. Windom
director	The McGuerins from Brooklyn is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Earle Snell and Clarence Marks.	The McGuerins from Brooklyn	Kurt Neumann
director	Dark Alibi is a 1946 American film directed by Phil Karlson featuring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan.	Dark Alibi	Phil Karlson
director	Man Without a Name (Hungarian: Azonosítás) is a 1976 Hungarian drama film directed by László Lugossy.	Man Without a Name	László Lugossy
director	Gambeeram (Majestic Look) is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Suresh and featuring Sarath Kumar and Laila in the lead roles.	Gambeeram	Suresh
director	Gozonji Azuma Otoko (御存知東男) is a 1939 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Eisuke Takizawa.	Gozonji Azuma Otoko	Eisuke Takizawa
director	Jóia Maldita is a 1920 Brazilian silent drama film directed by and starring Luiz de Barros.	Jóia Maldita	Luiz de Barros
director	Out for a Kill is a 2003 straight-to-video action film directed by Michael Oblowitz.	Out for a Kill	Michael Oblowitz
director	A Sense of Freedom is a 1981 Scottish crime film directed by John Mackenzie for Scottish Television.	A Sense of Freedom	John Mackenzie
director	How They Get There is a short film directed by Spike Jonze, which illustrates how lonely shoes wind up in the gutter.	How They Get There	Spike Jonze
director	Apartment Eight is a 1987 Lower East Side comedy short film by director Matthew Harrison, which won Best Comedy at the 1988 New York Film Festival Downtown and the Mystic Fire Independent Film Award at the 1989 Ann Arbor Film Festival.	Apartment Eight	Matthew Harrison
director	Lawyer Vera (Czech: Advokátka Věra) is a 1937 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.	Lawyer Vera	Martin Frič
director	Love Is the Power of Women (German:Die Liebe ist der Frauen Macht) is a 1924 German silent film directed by Erich Engel and Georg Bluen and starring Fern Andra, Henri Peters-Arnolds and Fred Immler.	Love Is the Power of Women	Erich Engel
director	Straža na Drini (Watch on the Drina) is a 1942 documentary war film directed by Branko Marjanović.	Straža na Drini	Branko Marjanović
director	Kaaval Dheivam (Tamil: காவல் தெய்வம்) is a 1969 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Vijayan.	Kaaval Dheivam	K. Vijayan
director	Grubstake, also known as Apache Gold, is a 1952 American Western film directed by Larry Buchanan.	Grubstake	Larry Buchanan
director	The Friends at the Margherita Cafe (Italian: Gli amici del bar Margherita, also known as The Friends of Bar Margherita) is a 2009 Italian comedy film directed by Pupi Avati.	The Friends at the Margherita Cafe	Pupi Avati
director	The Red Horses, (Danish: De Røde Heste), is a 1950 Danish romantic drama directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Jon Iversen, based on the popular novel by Morten Korch.	The Red Horses	Alice O'Fredericks	Jon Iversen
director	The Remittance Man is an Australian melodrama film directed by W. J. Lincoln about a thief's reformation.	The Remittance Man	W. J. Lincoln
director	Oxhide (Chinese: 牛皮; pinyin: niú pí), directed by Liu Jiayin, is a 2005 narrative independent Chinese film that portrays the director's family and their apartment in Beijing.	Oxhide	Liu Jiayin
director	His Sweetheart is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by Donald Crisp and written by George Beban, John B. Clymer and Lawrence McCloskey.	His Sweetheart	Donald Crisp
director	Freddy vs. Jason is a 2003 American slasher action film directed by Ronny Yu.	Freddy vs. Jason	Ronny Yu
director	Nee Sukhame Ne Koruthunna (Telugu: నీ సుఖమే నే కోరుతున్న) is a Telugu film directed by actor Giri Babu.	Nee Sukhame Ne Koruthunna	Giri Babu
director	Candles in the Dark is a 1993 made for television Christmas film directed by Maximilian Schell.	Candles in the Dark	Maximilian Schell
director	Seven Nights in Japan is a 1976 drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert.	Seven Nights in Japan	Lewis Gilbert
director	A Horrible Way to Die is a 2010 American horror film written by Simon Barrett, directed by Adam Wingard, and produced by Travis Stevens, Simon Barrett, and Kim Sherman.	A Horrible Way to Die	Adam Wingard
director	The 14 is a 1973 British drama film directed by David Hemmings.	The 14	David Hemmings
director	Avidathepole Ivideyum is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by Raju Mathew.	Avidathepole Ivideyum	K. S. Sethumadhavan
director	Pigsy Eats Watermelon (Chinese: 猪八戒吃西瓜) is a chinese animation produced at the Shanghai Animation Film Studio by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan.	Pigsy Eats Watermelon	Wan Laiming	Wan Guchan
director	Je t'aime John Wayne (2000) is a ten-minute short film parody directed by Toby MacDonald about a young man in London obsessed with imitating Jean-Paul Belmondo in the film Breathless, who in turn was pretending to be Humphrey Bogart.	Je t'aime John Wayne	Toby MacDonald
director	Nuits Rouges is a 1974 French-Italian crime and thriller film directed by Georges Franju.	Nuits Rouges	Georges Franju
director	Dial 1119 is a 1950 film noir directed by Gerald Mayer, nephew of Louis B. Mayer.	Dial 1119	Gerald Mayer
director	Aashiqui 2 is a 2013 Indian musical romance film directed by Mohit Suri.	Aashiqui 2	Mohit Suri
director	Cinesound Varieties is a 1934 Australian variety short film from director Ken G. Hall made to go out on a double-bill with the full-length feature, The Silence of Dean Maitland (1934).	Cinesound Varieties	Ken G. Hall
director	Il saprofita (internationally released as The Profiteer) is a 1974 Italian drama film directed by Sergio Nasca.	The Profiteer	Sergio Nasca
director	Nothing Bad Can Happen (German: Tore tanzt) is a 2013 German drama film directed by Katrin Gebbe.	Nothing Bad Can Happen	Katrin Gebbe
director	Old Man Rhythm is a 1935 American musical film directed by Edward Ludwig from a screenplay by Sig Herzig and Ernest Pagano, based on a story by Herzig, Lewis Gensler, and Don Hartman.	Old Man Rhythm	Edward Ludwig
director	The Turkish Passion (Spanish: La Pasión Turca) is a 1994 Spanish film, written and directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a popular novel by Antonio Gala.	The Turkish Passion	Vicente Aranda
director	Siren of Bagdad is a 1953 Technicolor fantasy adventure film produced by Sam Katzman and directed by Richard Quine set in the medieval Persian Empire.	Siren of Bagdad	Richard Quine
director	Love and Pigeons (Russian: Любовь и голуби) is a 1984 Soviet romantic comedy film by Vladimir Menshov whose previous film Moscow Does Not Believe In Tears won an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.	Love and Pigeons	Vladimir Menshov
director	My Little Loves (French: Mes Petites Amoureuses from a poem by Arthur Rimbaud) is a French drama film written and directed by Jean Eustache, his second and last feature.	My Little Loves	Jean Eustache
director	Counsellor at Law is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by William Wyler.	Counsellor at Law	William Wyler
director	The Crosby Case is a 1934 American crime film directed by Edwin L. Marin and written by Warren B. Duff and Gordon Kahn.	The Crosby Case	Edwin L. Marin
director	Shirli-Myrli (Russian: Ширли-мырли, International title - What a Mess!) is a 1995 farce comedy film of late post-Perestroyka era directed by Vladimir Menshov based on a screenplay by Vitali Moskalenko and Andrei Samsonov.	Shirli-Myrli	Vladimir Menshov
director	Alias John Law is a 1935 American western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury, produced by Supreme Pictures, released by William Steiner Productions on a states-rights basis and starring Bob Steele.	Alias John Law	Robert N. Bradbury
director	Rusty Knife (錆びたナイフ Sabita naifu) is a 1958 action Japanese film directed by Toshio Masuda.	Rusty Knife	Toshio Masuda
director	Assassin of Youth (1937) is an exploitation film directed by Elmer Clifton.	Assassin of Youth	Elmer Clifton
director	Futureworld is a 1976 American science fiction thriller film directed by Richard T. Heffron and written by Mayo Simon and George Schenck.	Futureworld	Richard T. Heffron
director	The Flying Torpedo is a 1916 American silent drama directed by John B. O'Brien and Christy Cabanne.	The Flying Torpedo	John B. O'Brien
director	Je suis le seigneur du château (English: I'm the King of the Castle) is a 1989 French motion picture, directed by Régis Wargnier, loosely based on the novel I'm the King of the Castle by the English writer Susan Hill.	Je suis le seigneur du château	Régis Wargnier
director	Ringo the Lone Rider (Spanish: Dos hombres van a morir, Italian: Ringo, il cavaliere solitario) is a 1968 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti western film directed by Rafael Romero Marchent.	Ringo the Lone Rider	Rafael Romero Marchent
director	The Amina Profile (French: Le profil Amina) is a Canadian documentary film directed by Sophie Deraspe and coproduced by Esperamos and the National Film Board of Canada, which premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival in the World Cinema category.	The Amina Profile	Sophie Deraspe
director	O Concurso is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by Pedro Vasconcellos.	O Concurso	Pedro Vasconcellos
director	Weirdsville is a black comedy directed by Allan Moyle and written by Willem Wennekers.	Weirdsville	Allan Moyle
director	The Belt (Italian: La cintura) is a 1989 Italian erotic drama film directed by Giuliana Gamba.	The Belt	Giuliana Gamba
director	Shinjuku Triad Society (Shinjuku kuroshakai: Chaina mafia sensô) is a 1995 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike.	Shinjuku Triad Society	Takashi Miike
director	At Bay is a 1915 silent film drama directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Florence Reed.	At Bay	George Fitzmaurice
director	Think Like a Man Too is a 2014 romantic comedy film directed by Tim Story and the sequel to Story's 2012 film Think Like a Man based on Steve Harvey's book Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man.	Think Like a Man Too	Tim Story
director	Beau fixe (also known as Set Fare) is a 1992 French film directed by Christian Vincent, who co-wrote screenplay with Philippe Alard.	Beau fixe	Christian Vincent
director	The Family Strikes Back is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film produced, directed by and starring Dean Shek.	The Family Strikes Back	Dean Shek
dissolved or abolished	The post of Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth was merged with that of Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth in 1969 to form the post of Commander-in-Chief, Naval Home Command (CINCNAVHOME).	Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth	1969
dissolved or abolished	The Civil Rights Congress (CRC) was a United States civil rights organization, formed in 1946 at a national conference for radicals and disbanded in 1956.	Civil Rights Congress	1956
dissolved or abolished	The Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home, St Mary's Mother and Baby Home, or simply The Home, was a maternity home for unmarried mothers and their children that operated between 1925 and 1961 in Tuam, County Galway, Ireland.	Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home	1961
dissolved or abolished	Kieran Wallace and Eamonn Richardson were appointed joint provisional liquidators to OSC Operations Limited (the ``Company'') trading as Clerys, on 12 June 2015.	Clerys	12 June 2015
dissolved or abolished	The Sultanate of Lahej became an independent entity, from 1728 to 1839.	Sultanate of Lahej	1839
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Sedang came to an end when King Marie the First (who had earlier become a convert to Islam and married several local women) died under mysterious circumstances (various reports claim by poisoning, snakebite or as the result of a duel) on November 11, 1890 at Tioman, Malaya.	Kingdom of Sedang	1890
dissolved or abolished	The National Socialist Motor Corps (German: Nationalsozialistisches Kraftfahrkorps, NSKK) was a paramilitary organization of the Nazi Party (NSDAP) that officially existed from May 1931 to 1945.	National Socialist Motor Corps	1945
dissolved or abolished	In June 2009 the National Audit Office estimated that the failure of the Metronet PPP contract cost the taxpayer up to £410m adding that ``most of the blame for Metronet's collapse lay with the consortium itself.''	Metronet	2009
dissolved or abolished	The Cognet de Seynes/C de S was a French automobile manufactured in Lyon from 1912 or 1913 until 1926.	Cognet de Seynes	1926
dissolved or abolished	The Mosquito Coast was incorporated into Nicaragua in 1894; however, in 1960, the northern part was granted to Honduras by the International Court of Justice.	Mosquito Coast	1894
dissolved or abolished	The Le Piaf was a French automobile manufactured from 1951 to 1952.	Le Piaf	1952
dissolved or abolished	Zamość Voivodeship (Polish: województwo zamojskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975--1998, superseded by Lublin Voivodeship.	Zamość Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	On August 1, 2005, Blizzard Entertainment announced the closure of Blizzard North.	Blizzard North	2005
dissolved or abolished	At the time of the surrender of Nazi Germany in 1945, the remaining men of the Indian Legion made efforts to march to neutral Switzerland over the Alps, but these efforts proved futile as they were captured by American and French troops and eventually shipped back to India to face charges of treason.	Indian Legion	1945
dissolved or abolished	In 1846 the Imperial administration of the Caucasus was reorganized and the Georgia-Imeretia Governorate was abolished, with its territory forming the new governorates of Tiflis and Kutaisi.	Georgia-Imeretia Governorate	1846
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Majorca was a medieval Moorish taifa kingdom which existed from 1018 to 1203 in Majorca.	Taifa of Majorca	1203
dissolved or abolished	Pan-Car was a Greek producer of automobiles and light trucks, operating between 1968 and 1994.	Pan-Car	1994
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Saxony (German: Königreich Sachsen), lasting between 1806 and 1918, was an independent member of a number of historical confederacies in Napoleonic through post-Napoleonic Germany.	Kingdom of Saxony	1918
dissolved or abolished	The General Commission of German Trade Unions was an umbrella body for German trade unions during the German Empire, from the end of the Anti-Socialist Laws in 1890 up to 1919.	General Commission of German Trade Unions	1919
dissolved or abolished	ICI announces the intended sale of Quest International to Givaudan, with expected completion in Q1 2007.	Quest International	2007
dissolved or abolished	IntraCorp went bankrupt in 1996 and shut down all its operations, including Capstone Software.	Capstone Software	1996
dissolved or abolished	The League of West German Communists (German: Bund Westdeutscher Kommunisten, abbreviated BWK) was a Maoist communist political organization in the Federal Republic of Germany, active between 1980 and 1995 and one of the last surviving ``K-Groups'' (de) established in the aftermath of the German student movement.	League of West German Communists	1995
dissolved or abolished	The Hungarian Soviet Republic or Hungarian Republic of Councils (Hungarian: Magyarországi Tanácsköztársaság or Magyarországi Szocialista Szövetséges Tanácsköztársaság) was a short-lived independent communist state established in Hungary in the aftermath of World War I. It was the successor of the Hungarian Democratic Republic and lasted only from 21 March until 1 August 1919.	Hungarian Soviet Republic	1919
dissolved or abolished	The High Council of Regency was a political body which ruled Principality of Albania from 30 January 1920 until 31 January 1925.	High Council of Regency	31 January 1925
dissolved or abolished	The Booktrust Teenage Prize was last awarded in 2010 and is no longer running.	Booktrust Teenage Prize	2010
dissolved or abolished	The Saadi dynasty or Saadian dynasty (Arabic: سعديون; original name Bani Zaydan) was a dynasty that ruled Morocco from 1554 to 1659.	Saadi dynasty	1659
dissolved or abolished	The Duchy of Lucca was a small Italian state existing from 1815 to 1847.	Duchy of Lucca	1847
dissolved or abolished	The Kinks broke up in 1996, a result of the commercial failures of their last few albums and creative tension between the Davies brothers.	The Kinks	1996
dissolved or abolished	In 1925, the Madras Presidency (Tamil Nadu) Congress passed a resolution unanimously praising Periyar's contribution to the Vaikom Satyagraha and hailing him as the Vaikom Veerar (Vaikom Hero) in the Kanchipuram Session.	Vaikom Satyagraha	1925
educated at	George Smalridge was born at Lichfield, son of the Sheriff of Lichfield Thomas Smalridge, George received his early education, this being completed at Westminster School and at Christ Church, Oxford.	George Smalridge	Westminster School	Christ Church
educated at	Henry Augustus Pearson Torrey (1837--1902) (also known as ``HAP'' or ``Happy'' Torrey) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Vermont.	Henry Augustus Pearson Torrey	University of Vermont
educated at	Laura Jacobs hails from Chicago, Illinois, and holds a B.A. in English Literature from Northwestern University.	Laura Jacobs	Northwestern University
educated at	Beth Keller, also known as ``BK'': was a triple threat at Clemson University as a standout women's soccer player, all-star academic achiever, and committed, community volunteer from 1996-2000.	Beth Keller	Clemson University
educated at	The college education of Puthussery Ramachandran started at Sree Narayana College, Kollam where he was involved in students struggle as the leader of the Students' Federation and imprisoned.	Puthussery Ramachandran	Sree Narayana College, Kollam
educated at	Ruth Gay attended Queens College in 1943 and received a master's in library science from Columbia University in 1969.	Ruth Gay	Columbia University
educated at	Tim Flach studied Communications Design at the North East London Polytechnic (1977--1980) and then Photography and Painted Structures at Saint Martin's School of Art (1982--1983).	Tim Flach	Saint Martin's School of Art
educated at	Noriaki Kano completed his undergraduate, masters, and doctoral degrees in the engineering school of the University of Tokyo.	Noriaki Kano	University of Tokyo
educated at	Shellie McMillon was one of the stars of a DuSable High School team from Chicago that won back-to-back Chicago Public League championships and in 1954 became the first team with black players and a black coach to play in the Illinois state championship game.	Shellie McMillon	DuSable High School
educated at	Neil Lazarus earned a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Wales.	Neil Lazarus	University of Wales
educated at	Einar Sverdrup studied to be a mining engineer in the United States and at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondhjem.	Einar Sverdrup	Norwegian Institute of Technology
educated at	After the Iraqi Revolution broke out in 1958 and the monarchy was overthrown, Nuha al-Radi became a ceramist, having joined the Byam Shaw School of Art in London and later worked with Chelsea Pottery.	Nuha al-Radi	Byam Shaw School of Art
educated at	John Mortimer was educated at the Dragon School, in Oxford, and Harrow School, where he joined the Communist Party forming a one-member cell.	John Mortimer	Dragon School	Harrow School
educated at	Born in Glasgow and a graduate of Glasgow School of Art where she studied design and photography, May Miles Thomas worked as production designer, writer, editor, director of photography, producer and director.	May Miles Thomas	Glasgow School of Art
educated at	Robert T. Craig is a communication theorist from the University of Colorado, Boulder who received his B.A. in Speech at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison, and his M.A and PhD.	Robert T. Craig	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Helmut W. Schulz (1912 -- 28 January 2006) is a German chemical engineer and professor at Columbia University known for his many works in disparate fields like nuclear physics, rocketry and waste-to-energy processes.	Helmut W. Schulz	Columbia University
educated at	Born in Poona (now Pune), India, Cyril Reed's cricket career began in England, when he attended Bedford School and played for Bedfordshire in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship between 1924 and 1927.	Cyril Reed	Bedford School
educated at	Ethel Turner was educated at Paddington Public School and Sydney Girls High School--she was one of the school's original thirty-seven pupils.	Ethel Turner	Sydney Girls High School
educated at	John C. Gibson graduated with a B.C.E. in Civil Engineering from Villanova University.	John C. Gibson	Villanova University
educated at	A graduate of George Washington University, Pevner began his literary career in 1991, founding Stephen Pevner, Inc. He quickly began representing some of the most culturally relevant writers/filmmakers of his generation including Gregg Araki, Tom DiCillo, Karen Salmansohn, Richard Linklater and Todd Solondz.	Stephen Pevner	George Washington University
educated at	Charlotte Fullerton graduated with a BA in Cinema-Television/Production from the University of Southern California, and started her career in children's entertainment as an Assistant at Fox Kids Network.	Charlotte Fullerton	University of Southern California
educated at	Norman Matthews was born in Britain on 12 February 1904 at Swansea, and was educated in Swansea at the Bishop Gore School, before matriculating at the University of Oxford (Jesus College), where he held a Meyricke exhibition (scholarship).	Norman Matthews	Jesus College
educated at	In 1814 Horatio Greenough enrolled at Phillips Academy, Andover, and in 1821 he entered Harvard University.	Horatio Greenough	Phillips Academy	Harvard University
educated at	After high school, Clay Christiansen attended the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas, where he was a member of the Jayhawks baseball team prior to embarking on his professional career.	Clay Christiansen	University of Kansas
educated at	Gerrit Mannoury (1867--1956) was a Dutch philosopher and mathematician, professor at the University of Amsterdam and communist, known as the central figure in the signific circle, a Dutch counterpart of the Vienna circle.	Gerrit Mannoury	University of Amsterdam
educated at	Born on 1 April 1912, Michael Whitworth Prynne was educated at Bedford School, at St John's College, Cambridge and at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.	Michael Whitworth Prynne	St John's College	Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
educated at	Jennifer Hornsby earned her PhD from the University of Cambridge under the direction of Bernard Williams.	Jennifer Hornsby	University of Cambridge
educated at	Eddie Brill attended Emerson College, where he founded the Emerson Comedy Workshop along with Denis Leary, Chris Phillips and Adam Roth.	Eddie Brill	Emerson College
educated at	Parimal Trivedi is an adviser for education and Vice-Chancellor of Gujarat University.	Parimal Trivedi	Gujarat University
educated at	John E. Fenton, Sr. was born in Lawrence, Massachusetts in 1898 and graduated the College of the Holy Cross and then from Suffolk University Law School in 1924 with a Juris Doctor.	John E. Fenton	Suffolk University Law School
educated at	Max Castillo was the fourth president of the University of Houston--	Max Castillo	University of Houston
educated at	In 1898, Ion Pelivan graduated from the Theological Seminary of Chişinău and in 1903 from the University of Tartu.	Ion Pelivan	University of Tartu
educated at	Robert E. Kenna, S.J. was appointed Santa Clara University's 9th and 12th president after the presidency of John Pinasco and Joseph W. Riordan.	Robert E. Kenna	Santa Clara University
educated at	Muntassir Mamoon (Bengali: মুনতাসীর মামুন; b. 1951) is a Bangladeshi author, historian, scholar, secularist, translator, and professor at University of Dhaka.	Muntassir Mamoon	University of Dhaka
educated at	Calvin Seerveld (born 1930 in New York) received a BA from Calvin College in 1952, an MA in English literature and classics from the University of Michigan in 1953.	Calvin Seerveld	University of Michigan
educated at	Graeme Thomson was educated at Winchester and New College, Oxford and joined the civil service in 1900, being assigned to the Admiralty.	Graeme Thomson	New College
educated at	Siri Sverdrup Lunden (born 23 March 1920 in Kongsberg, Norway - deceased 24 August 2003 in Trondheim) was a Norwegian Professor of Slavic languages at the University of Oslo 1971--1987, married to Professor Terkel Nissen Rosenqvist.	Siri Sverdrup Lunden	University of Oslo
educated at	Patrick Amory graduated from Commonwealth School in Boston, gained a bachelor's degree in history from Harvard University where he founded the Record Hospital program on radio station WHRB.	Patrick Amory	Harvard University
educated at	His father was born of Polish and Armenian parents in the former Austria-Hungary, and immigrated to the United States after World War II. Nicholas Kristof graduated from Yamhill Carlton High School, where he was student body president and school newspaper editor, and later became a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Harvard College.	Nicholas Kristof	Harvard College
educated at	Educated at Eton College, Edward Bligh embarked on a military career in the 33rd Regiment of Foot, attaining the rank of General.	Edward Bligh	Eton College
educated at	Peter Tertzakian has an undergraduate degree in Geophysics from the University of Alberta, and a graduate degree in Econometrics from the University of Southampton, U.K. He also holds an Master of Science in Management of Technology from the MIT Sloan School of Management.	Peter Tertzakian	University of Alberta	University of Southampton	MIT Sloan School of Management
educated at	Prior to working at Duke, Richard Danner served as a law librarian at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison, where he received degrees in law and library science.	Richard Danner	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Claire Zulkey (born April 15, 1979, in Evanston, Illinois) is an American writer, a 2001 graduate of Georgetown University, and the Northwestern University Creative Writing Masters program.	Claire Zulkey	Georgetown University
educated at	Silas Aiken graduated from Phillips Academy, Andoverin 1819, became a Christian at age nineteen and graduated from Dartmouth College in 1825 as the valedictorian of his class.	Silas Aiken	Dartmouth College
educated at	In 1964, Hage Geingob left for the United States to study at Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was granted a scholarship.	Hage Geingob	Temple University
educated at	Cheryl Martin was raised in Massachusetts and attended the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Cheryl Martin	College of the Holy Cross
educated at	Tyrel Reed (born April 8, 1989) is an American basketball player who played for University of Kansas.	Tyrel Reed	University of Kansas
educated at	A native of Burlington, Iowa, Wayne Duke graduated from the University of Iowa in 1950.	Wayne Duke	University of Iowa
educated at	Jane Orie earned her B.A. from Franklin and Marshall College in 1984 and her J.D. from Duquesne University School of Law in 1987.	Jane Orie	Franklin and Marshall College	Duquesne University
educated at	Roberto Gil Zuarth studied Law at the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México, and has a Master's degree on Constitutional Law by the Charles III University of Madrid being a candidate to a PhD in Law by the same University.	Roberto Gil Zuarth	Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México
educated at	Wolfram Burgard received his Diploma degree from University of Dortmund in 1987 and his Doctorate from the University of Bonn in 1991.	Wolfram Burgard	University of Bonn
educated at	Myron Orfield (born July 27, 1961) is an American law professor at the University of Minnesota, director of its Institute on Metropolitan Opportunity, and a former non-resident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.	Myron Orfield	University of Minnesota
educated at	Dr. Lawrence Einhorn is a Distinguished Professor of Medicine at Indiana University School of Medicine and an oncologist.	Lawrence Einhorn	Indiana University
educated at	Heidi Julavits was born and grew up in Portland, Maine, before attending Dartmouth College.	Heidi Julavits	Dartmouth College
educated at	Hugh Gough, 3rd Viscount Gough, Bt, KCVO, DL (27 August 1849 -- 14 October 1919), he was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford (MA).	Hugh Gough, 3rd Viscount Gough	Brasenose College
educated at	One of five brothers who became clergymen, Henry Blamires was born in Bendigo, Australia, and educated at Wesley College in Melbourne, which was then a Methodist school for boys.	Henry Blamires	Wesley College
educated at	The Connection between the Nazis and the Leaders of the Zionist Movement 1933 -- 1945 is the title of Mahmoud Abbas' CandSc thesis, completed in 1982 at the Peoples' Friendship University of Russia, and defended at the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Soviet Academy of Sciences.	Mahmoud Abbas	Peoples' Friendship University of Russia
educated at	John Cleland entered Westminster School in 1721, but he left or was expelled in 1723.	John Cleland	Westminster School
educated at	After her stint with the New Mickey Mouse Club, Allison attended Stanford University and was a founding partner in a creative firm in New York called Pompei A.D. She spun off part of that company into Allison Fonte Public Relations, also in New York.	Allison Fonte	Stanford University
educated at	David E. Orton was born in 1955 and earned a BS in mathematics and economics at Wake Forest University, and a MS in electrical engineering from Duke University.	David E. Orton	Duke University
educated at	Paul C. Ney, Jr. attended Cornell University, receiving a B.S. in Biology in 1980.	Paul C. Ney, Jr.	Cornell University
educated at	Abe Garver holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business, Master's Degree in Finance from the Manderson Graduate School and is registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) as a General Securities Representative (Series 7 and 63) and a Limited Representative --	Abe Garver	University of Southern California
educated at	Denzil Keelor was born on 7 December 1933 and went to school at St. Francis' College, Lucknow and La Martiniere Lucknow.	Denzil Keelor	La Martiniere Lucknow
educated at	Lewis Way graduated M.A. in 1796 from Merton College, Oxford, and in 1797 was called to the bar by the Society of the Inner Temple.	Lewis Way	Merton College
educated at	Henry Ruffner (January 16, 1790 -- December 17, 1861), was an educator and Presbyterian minister, who served as president of Washington College (now Washington and Lee University).	Henry Ruffner	Washington and Lee University
educated at	After attending elementary and secondary school (1934--45) Heinrich Pfusterschmid-Hardtenstein studied law at the University of Graz.	Heinrich Pfusterschmid-Hardtenstein	University of Graz
educated at	Edward F. Crawley is a Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics and of Engineering Systems at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Edward F. Crawley	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
educated at	Rhonda Keenum is married to Mississippi State University President Mark Keenum.	Rhonda Keenum	Mississippi State University
educated at	The University of Georgia acquired Harry Crews's papers in August 2006.	Harry Crews	University of Georgia
educated at	Chris Hersch attended the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston from 2000 to 2004, where he earned a Bachelor of Music in Jazz Guitar Performance and a concentration in Music Education.	Chris Hersch	New England Conservatory
educated at	Edward Everett Dale (1879--1972) was an American historian and longtime faculty member of the University of Oklahoma.	Edward Everett Dale	University of Oklahoma
educated at	The son of Majo -General Sir Francis Edward Freeland, Ian Freeland was initially educated at Wellington College.	Ian Freeland	Wellington College
educated at	After attending the Kirchhain Volksschule and the Protestant Rektoratsschule, Leo Strauss was enrolled at the Gymnasium Philippinum (affiliated with the University of Marburg) in nearby Marburg (from which Johannes Althusius and Carl J. Friedrich also graduated) in 1912, graduating in 1917.	Leo Strauss	University of Marburg
educated at	Jon Volpe, being only 5 feet 7 inches tall, received a football scholarship to Stanford University, where he was an all-conference running back (leading in rushing yards), earning GTE Academic All-American honors and being named a Rhodes Scholar nominee (while getting a BSc in engineering.)	Jon Volpe	Stanford University
educated at	Hon Chew Hee also studied in New York at the Art Students League, at Columbia University, and spent three years in Paris in the 1940s studying with Fernand Léger and Andre Lhote.	Hon Chew Hee	Columbia University
educated at	He endowed the Caswell Silver Foundation at the University of New Mexico.	Caswell Silver	University of New Mexico
educated at	Joellen Riley (born 1957) is an Australian labour lawyer and academic and, since 2013, the dean of the Sydney Law School.	Joellen Riley	Sydney Law School
educated at	Donald Thomas Anderson FRS (born 29 December 1939 Eton, Berkshire) is an English zoologist, lecturer at King's College London, and Challis Professor of Biology at University of Sydney.	Donald Thomas Anderson	King's College London
educated at	After graduating from high school, Putu Wijaya continued his tertiary education in Yogyakarta, studying at the Indonesian Fine Arts Academy and the Drama and Film Arts Academy, before graduating with a law degree from Gadjah Mada University.	Putu Wijaya	Gadjah Mada University
educated at	Warren Thomson was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne and the University of Melbourne, where he studied under Roy Shepherd, a pupil of Alfred Cortot.	Warren Thomson	Wesley College	University of Melbourne
educated at	Melva Lind (16 March 1903 -- 18 April 1997) graduated from the University of Minnesota with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1923 and a Master of Arts degree in 1943.	Melva Lind	University of Minnesota
educated at	Ross Leckie attended Drumtochty Castle Preparatory School and Fettes College; at Fettes he gained his interest in classical literature.	Ross Leckie	Fettes College
educated at	Benjamin Franklin Ficklin (1827--1871) was a graduate of the Virginia Military Institute, Class of 1849.	Benjamin Franklin Ficklin	Virginia Military Institute
educated at	Bertil H. van Boer studied at the University of California, Berkeley.	Bertil H. van Boer	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Ryan Bank graduated cum laude from the School of Communications through the School of Continuing Studies of Northwestern University where he was inducted into the Alpha Sigma Lambda society.	Ryan Bank	Northwestern University
educated at	Born to Catalan immigrants who had become moderately successful Mendoza Province vintners, Alejandro Orfila received a Law Degree at the University of Buenos Aires in 1945.	Alejandro Orfila	University of Buenos Aires
educated at	Luc Coene graduated in economics at Ghent University in 1970 (Ghent, Belgium) and obtained a postgraduate diploma in European economic integration at the College of Europe in 1971 (Bruges).	Luc Coene	Ghent University
father	Denis of Cork (foaled February 16, 2005 in Florida) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse, sired by Harlan's Holiday and out of the Unbridled mare, Unbridled Girl.	Denis of Cork	Harlan's Holiday
father	According to John Tzetzes, Perieres was a son of Cynortas, King of Sparta, and father of Oebalus, who, in turn, became by Gorgophone father of Tyndareus and Icarius.	Perieres	Cynortas
father	Dawn Approach is from the first crop of foals sired by New Approach a horse which won four Group One races including the Epsom Derby, and was the equal highest-rated Thoroughbred in the world when trained by Bolger in 2008.	Dawn Approach	New Approach
father	Louise of Savoy was born at Pont-d'Ain, the eldest daughter of Philip II, Duke of Savoy and his first wife, Margaret of Bourbon.	Louise of Savoy	Philip II, Duke of Savoy
father	Sheleph was a son of Joktan, of the family of Shem.	Sheleph	Joktan
father	Renzo Bossi (born 8 September 1988) is an Italian politician and son of Umberto Bossi, founder and former leader of the Lega Nord party.	Renzo Bossi	Umberto Bossi
father	In Greek mythology, Amymone (the ``blameless'' one) was a daughter of Danaus.	Amymone	Danaus
father	According to Sophocles' play Antigone, Haemon /ˈhiːmɒn/ or Haimon (Greek: Αἵμων, Haimon ``bloody''; gen.: Αἵμωνος), was the son of Creon and Eurydice.	Haemon	Creon
father	James FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Desmond (1459--1487) was the son of Thomas FitzGerald, 7th Earl of Desmond and his wife, Ellice de Barry, daughter of William Barry, 8th Baron Barry, and Ellen de la Roche.	James FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Desmond	Thomas FitzGerald, 7th Earl of Desmond
father	Hoop Jr. was a bay horse sired by the French-bred stallion Sir Gallahad, a full brother to Bull Dog, who sired Bull Lea).	Hoop Jr.	Sir Gallahad
father	In Greek mythology, Dardanus (/ˈdɑrdənəs/; Greek: Δάρδανος) was a son of Zeus and Electra, daughter of Atlas, and founder of the city of Dardanus at the foot of Mount Ida in the Troad.	Dardanus	Zeus
father	Shebuel (Hebrew: שבואל‎) was the son of Gershom, and a grandson of Moses and Zipporah.	Shebuel	Gershom
father	The parents of Qa'a are unknown, but it is thought that either his predecessor Adjib or Semerkhet was his father, since it was tradition to leave the throne to the eldest son.	Qa'a	Semerkhet
father	In 190, when Cao Cao was raising an army to join the coalition against Dong Zhuo, the tyrannical warlord who held Emperor Xian hostage, Cao Zhen's father, Cao Shao, heeded the call but was killed before he could join Cao Cao.	Cao Zhen	Cao Shao
father	Lycophron of Corinth (/ˈlaɪkəfrɒn/; Greek: Λυκόφρων) was the second son of the Corinthian tyrant Periander.	Lycophron of Corinth	Periander
father	Patrick John Morrison (born July 15, 1939), better known by his stage name Patrick Wayne, is an American actor, the second son of movie star John Wayne and his first wife, Josephine Alicia Saenz.	Patrick Wayne	John Wayne
father	Christina of Vasaborg (1644--1709) was the eldest child of Gustav of Vasaborg, Count of Nystad, and a granddaughter of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden.	Christina of Vasaborg	Gustav of Vasaborg
father	Princess Marina Petrovna of Russia (11 March 1892 -- 15 May 1981) was a daughter of Grand Duke Peter Nikolaevich of Russia and his wife, Grand Duchess Militza Nicholaevna, born Princess of Montenegro.	Princess Marina Petrovna of Russia	Grand Duke Peter Nikolaevich of Russia
father	Friedelind Wagner (29 March 1918 -- 8 May 1991) was the daughter of German opera composer Siegfried Wagner and his English wife, Winifred Williams and the granddaughter of the composer Richard Wagner.	Friedelind Wagner	Siegfried Wagner
father	In 1964, the thirty-year-old Yoshiaki Tsutsumi inherited control of the Seibu Corporation upon the death of the company founder, his father Yasujirō Tsutsumi.	Yoshiaki Tsutsumi	Yasujirō Tsutsumi
father	James Nasmyth was born at 47 York Place, Edinburgh where his father Alexander Nasmyth was a landscape and portrait painter in Edinburgh.	James Nasmyth	Alexander Nasmyth
father	Harsiotef (``Horus Son of his Father'') Harsiotef was the son of Queen Atasamale and likely of King Amanineteyerike.	Harsiotef	Amanineteyerike
father	In this story, before leaving, Inanna instructed her minister and servant, Ninshubur, to plead with the deities Enlil, Sin, Anu, her father and Enki to save her if anything went amiss.	Inanna	Sin
father	John Kipling (17 August 1897 -- 27 September 1915) was the only son of the British author Rudyard Kipling.	John Kipling	Rudyard Kipling
father	Kayt Jones is the daughter of Tricia and Terry Jones renowned British designers, best-known as founders and editors of the magazine i-D, her brother is British fashion photographer Matthew Jones.	Kayt Jones	Terry Jones
father	Presley Neville was born at the family home in Winchester, Virginia, to General John Neville and Winifred Oldham Neville.	Presley Neville	John Neville
father	She was a bay mare that was foaled in Kentucky and was owned and bred by August Belmont, Jr. Mahubah was by the imported English Triple Crown winner Rock Sand (GB), and her dam was Merry Token (GB) (minor stakes winner in England) by the Epsom Derby winner Merry Hampton.	Mahubah	Rock Sand
father	Carle Vernet (14 August 1758 -- 17 November 1836) was a French painter, the youngest child of Claude Joseph Vernet, and the father of Horace Vernet.	Carle Vernet	Claude Joseph Vernet
father	John de Vere, 13th Earl of Oxford KG KB (8 September 1442 -- 10 March 1513), the second son of John de Vere, 12th Earl of Oxford, and Elizabeth Howard, was one of the principal Lancastrian commanders during the English Wars of the Roses.	John de Vere, 13th Earl of Oxford	John de Vere, 12th Earl of Oxford
father	David Junior was bred by Arthur Appleton at the Bridlewood Stud Farm near Ocala, Florida, sired by the Eclipse Award winning stallion Pleasant Tap.	David Junior	Pleasant Tap
father	Raymond Gutierrez was born in Beverly Hills, California to matinee idol Eddie Gutierrez and talent manager Annabelle Rosales Rama Gutierrez.	Raymond Gutierrez	Eddie Gutierrez
father	Mari Hulman George, born Mary Antonia Hulman on December 26, 1934, in Terre Haute, Indiana, is the daughter of Anton ``Tony'' Hulman and Mary Fendrich Hulman, prominent Indiana philanthropists and business owners.	Mari Hulman George	Tony'' Hulman
father	Tim's stage name, Sid Lucero, is taken from the main character that his father Mark Gil portrayed in the movie Batch '81.	Sid Lucero	Mark Gil
father	Ibbi-Sin, son of Shu-Sin, was king of Sumer and Akkad and last king of the Ur III dynasty, and reigned c. 1963 BC-1940 BC (Short chronology).	Ibbi-Sin	Shu-Sin
father	Born in Pruzhany, Samuel Soloveichik was the second son of Rabbi Moshe Soloveichik.	Samuel Soloveichik	Moshe Soloveichik
father	Zuhrah ibn Kilab ibn Murrah (Arabic: زهيرة بن كلاب بن مُرة‎) was the great-grandfather of Aminah bint Wahb, and was thus the great-great-grandfather of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Zuhrah ibn Kilab	Kilab ibn Murrah
father	Štěpán Tesařík is a grandson of World War II hero Richard Tesařík.	Štěpán Tesařík	Richard Tesařík
father	Shamash-shum-ukin was the Assyrian king of Babylon from 668-648 BC. He was the second son of the Assyrian King Esarhaddon.	Shamash-shum-ukin	Esarhaddon
father	Drusus Caesar (Latin: Drusus Julius Caesar Germanicus, AD 7 -- AD 33) was a member of the Julio-Claudian or Imperial family of Ancient Rome.	Drusus Caesar	Germanicus
father	Serge Dassault is the son of Marcel Dassault, from whom he inherited the Dassault Group, and Madeline Dassault (née Minckes).	Serge Dassault	Marcel Dassault
father	Will Peltz was born in New York City, as the fourth child of businessman Nelson Peltz.	Will Peltz	Nelson Peltz
father	Jenny Kallur and her sister Susanna are daughters of former ice hockey player Anders Kallur who won four Stanley Cup championships with the New York Islanders.	Jenny Kallur	Anders Kallur
father	Henry Whitelock Torrens (1806--1852), son of Major Henry Torrens, was born on May 20, 1806.	Henry Whitelock Torrens	Henry Torrens
father	Guy II de Balliol (died early 1160s x 1167) was probably the second eldest son of Bernard I de Balliol, Lord of Balliol and Barnard Castle.	Guy II de Balliol	Bernard I de Balliol
father	Michael LeMoyne Kennedy (February 27, 1958 -- December 31, 1997) was the sixth of eleven children of Robert F. Kennedy and Ethel Skakel.	Michael LeMoyne Kennedy	Robert F. Kennedy
father	Amphitryon (/æmˈfɪtriən/; Greek: Ἀμφιτρύων, gen.: Ἀμφιτρύωνος; usually interpreted as ``harassing either side''), in Greek mythology, was a son of Alcaeus, king of Tiryns in Argolis.	Amphitryon	Alcaeus
father	Kebek was the son of Duwa, who was khan from 1282 until 1307.	Kebek	Duwa
father	The daughter of the first president of Ghana, Kwame Nkrumah, and his Coptic Egyptian wife Fathia Rizk, Samia Nkrumah was born at Aburi in the Eastern Region of Ghana in 1960.	Samia Nkrumah	Kwame Nkrumah
father	Andy Luckey is the Son of Director/Animator/Actor Bud Luckey (1934-- ) and a maternal cousin, twice removed, of Animator Earl Hurd (1880--1940) who co-created (with J.R. Bray) and patented the process for Cel Animation--a key component of traditional animation.	Andy Luckey	Bud Luckey
headquarters location	The Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance (GLAA) of Washington, D.C. is a United States not-for-profit organization that works to secure legal rights for gays and lesbians in the District of Columbia.	Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Packet Digital LLC, headquartered in Fargo, North Dakota, designs power management integrated circuits (PMICs) to reduce power consumed and heat produced by computer servers, mobile devices and Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS).	Packet Digital	Fargo
headquarters location	Insomniac Games, Inc. is an American video game developer whose corporate headquarters is located in Burbank, California.	Insomniac Games	Burbank
headquarters location	Arnott Air Suspension Products is an American privately held corporation headquartered in Merritt Island, Florida.	Arnott Air Suspension Products	Merritt Island
headquarters location	Argo Investments Limited was established in Adelaide, South Australia in 1946 by Alf Adamson, a chartered accountant who had previously worked on company valuations.	Argo Investments	Adelaide
headquarters location	CPL Aromas is a British fragrance company founded in December 1971,with headquarters in Bishop's Stortford, England.	CPL Aromas	Bishop's Stortford
headquarters location	Infrared Integrated Systems Ltd, generally called Irisys, is a privately held company based near Northampton in the United Kingdom that manufacturers thermal imaging, people counting technologies and real time grocery queue management solutions.	Irisys	Northampton
headquarters location	Suryaa headquartered in Hyderabad.	Suryaa	Hyderabad
headquarters location	Uki Workboat Oy (Finnish: Uudenkaupungin Työvene Oy) is a Finnish shipyard located in Uusikaupunki on the Western coast of Finland.	Uki Workboat	Uusikaupunki
headquarters location	Eastern Mountain Sports (or EMS) is an outdoor clothing and equipment retailer in the U.S. Northeast headquartered in Meriden, Connecticut.	Eastern Mountain Sports	Meriden
headquarters location	The Alpha Natural Resources leased corporate office building in Bristol, Virginia was reportedly sold in February for $28 million to One Alpha Place LLC registered in Delaware and owned by the publicly traded Kuwait Petroleum Corporation.	Alpha Natural Resources	Bristol
headquarters location	Orocobre Limited is a mineral resource company based in Brisbane, Australia.	Orocobre	Brisbane
headquarters location	FutureAdvisor is a digital investment manager registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and based in San Francisco.	FutureAdvisor	San Francisco
headquarters location	Young Living is a Lehi, Utah based company which uses multi-level marketing to sell essential oils and other related products.	Young Living	Lehi
headquarters location	Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts is a Hong Kong-based company that runs the ``Shangri-La'', ``Kerry'' and ``Hotel Jen'' brands of hotels.	Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Allied American University (AAU) is a for-profit university located in Laguna Hills, California, that offers online learning degree and certificate programs.	Allied American University	Laguna Hills
headquarters location	Avondale Environmental, better known as Avondale Landfill is a major Scottish landfill located in Polmont, off junction 4 of the M9 motorway.	Avondale Landfill	Polmont
headquarters location	In addition to the fundraising platform, Rally.org offers space within its San Francisco headquarters for rent at a subsidized rate to non-profits and socially conscious entrepreneurs.	Rally.org	San Francisco
headquarters location	Talari Networks is a San Jose, CA-based networking equipment company.	Talari Networks	San Jose
headquarters location	The King of Shaves Company, Ltd. is a British toiletries company headquartered in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, England.	King of Shaves	Beaconsfield
headquarters location	Allen Brothers is a purveyor of prime steaks headquartered in Chicago.	Allen Brothers	Chicago
headquarters location	Internet Brands, Inc. is an American new media company based in El Segundo, California, United States, that operates online media, community, and e-commerce sites in vertical markets.	Internet Brands	El Segundo
headquarters location	In the early 1950s Ampex moved to 934 Charter St. Redwood City, California.	Ampex	Redwood City
headquarters location	WhiteTie is a concierge services, private membership club, online marketing company and travel agency based in Seattle, WA, USA and Hong Kong, China that provides extremely high end concierge services for customers world wide.	WhiteTie	Seattle
headquarters location	Andrews founded Sierra Sciences in 1999 in Reno, Nevada with the goal of preventing and/or reversing cellular senescence, and ultimately curing diseases associated with human aging, including the aging process itself.	Sierra Sciences	Reno
headquarters location	Gourmet Guides was a San Francisco cookbook store started by Jean Bullock in 1973 that was turned into an on-line store by Sarah Bullock.	Gourmet Guides	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Shukshin Altai State Humanities Pedagogical University (Russian: Алтайский государственный гуманитарно-педагогический университет имени В. М. Шукшина) is a federal state budget educational institution of higher education in Biysk, Altai Krai.	Altai State Humanities Pedagogical University	Biysk
headquarters location	Telekom Srpske (m:tel) is a telecommunications company based in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Telekom Srpske	Banja Luka
headquarters location	The family moved to Culiacán and in September 1954 the company Casa Ley was born.	Casa Ley	Culiacán
headquarters location	Variety Wholesalers, Inc. is a privately held company based in Henderson, North Carolina, which owns more than 380 retail stores in the southeast including the Roses and Maxway stores, and employs more than 7,000 workers.	Variety Wholesalers	Henderson
headquarters location	Magnetic Video Corporation was established by Andre Blay, an American film producer in 1968 and based in Farmington Hills, Michigan.	Magnetic Video	Farmington Hills
headquarters location	The Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization (UNPO), formed on the 11 February 1991 in The Hague, Netherlands, is an international pro-democracy organization.	Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization	The Hague
headquarters location	Keep-it Technologies (formerly TimeTemp) is a spin-off technology company from The Norwegian University of Life Sciences (NMBU) in Ås, just outside Oslo in Norway.	Keep-it Technologies	Oslo
headquarters location	Strands Recommender is based in San Francisco, United States, and in Madrid, Spain.	Strands Recommender	San Francisco
headquarters location	Moe's Italian Sandwiches is the name of an Italian submarine sandwich shop located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.	Moe's Italian Sandwiches	Portsmouth
headquarters location	TAT Technologies is a publicly traded Israeli company, headquartered in Gedera, Israel, that provides environmental control products and services for the commercial and military aviation industries.	TAT Technologies	Gedera
headquarters location	In 2008, UFA Sports was re-established under the roof of its original shareholders the RTL Group and Bertelsmann and is now led by several former Sportfive managers with the headquarters of the agency based in Hamburg.	UFA Sports	Hamburg
headquarters location	Amarcord Brewery (Birra Amarcord), is a brewing company, founded in Rimini in Emilia Romagna, Italy in 1997.	Amarcord Brewery	Rimini
headquarters location	SwellPath is an internet marketing consultancy in Portland, Oregon, focusing on web analytics (with an emphasis on Google Analytics custom tagging and reporting) and search engine marketing.	SwellPath	Portland
headquarters location	Rothschild & Co (formerly Paris Orléans) is a financial holding company listed on Euronext Paris and controlled by the French and English branch of the Rothschild family.	Rothschild & Co	Paris
headquarters location	The Mahindra Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate headquartered at Mahindra Towers in Mumbai, India, with operations in over 100 countries around the globe.	Mahindra Group	Mumbai
headquarters location	The origins of the company Tecnomasio go back as far as 1863 when mechanical and civil engineer Luigi Longoni, instrument maker Carlo Dell'Acqua, and optical scientist Ignazio Porro founded a company in Milan.	Tecnomasio	Milan
headquarters location	SawStop is a table saw manufacturer headquartered in Tualatin, Oregon, USA.	SawStop	Tualatin
headquarters location	D3 Security Management Systems, Inc., a privately held company headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia, is a developer of software for security, governance, risk management, and compliance functions of organizations.	D3 Security Management Systems	Vancouver
headquarters location	Mireo was founded in 2001 in Zagreb, Croatia and sells proprietary navigation products in over 70 countries.	Mireo	Zagreb
headquarters location	E&F Miler Industries (formerly Miler Coaster, Inc. and Miler Manufacturing) is a family-owned roller coaster manufacturing firm based in Portland, Oregon, United States.	E&F Miler Industries	Portland
headquarters location	Teatre Nacional de Catalunya (TNC) (Catalan pronunciation: (teˈatɾə nəsiuˈnaɫ də kətəˈɫuɲə), English: National Theatre of Catalonia) is a public theatre in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain created by the Culture Department of the Catalan Government.	Teatre Nacional de Catalunya	Barcelona
headquarters location	Solon and Schemmel Tile Company (S&S) was a tile pottery business in San Jose, California from 1920 -- 1936.	Solon and Schemmel Tile Company	San Jose
headquarters location	Studio Proteus is a Japanese manga import, translation and lettering company, founded in 1986 by Toren Smith and based in San Francisco.	Studio Proteus	San Francisco
headquarters location	Patterson & Sullivan (P&S) was an art service based in San Francisco in the 1920s and 1930s.	Patterson & Sullivan	San Francisco
headquarters location	Nakhtel (Azerbaijani: Naxtel) is wireless CDMA operator of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan.	Nakhtel	Nakhchivan
headquarters location	Flyleaf Press is a publishing company based in Dublin, Ireland.	Flyleaf Press	Dublin
headquarters location	Eurasian Bank is the ninth largest lender in Kazakhstan, headquartered in Almaty, It was founded in 1994 as a closed joint-stock company, and reregistered in 2003 as a joint stock company due to joint stock company law changes.	Eurasian Bank	Almaty
headquarters location	Association Mauritanienne des Droits de l'Homme (AMDH) (Arabic: الجمعية الموريطانية لحقوق الإنسان‎) is a Mauritanian non-profit human rights non-governmental organization founded in 1991 Mauritania.	Association Mauritanienne des Droits de l'Homme	Mauritania
headquarters location	Steak Escape is a restaurant based in Columbus, Ohio, USA.	Steak Escape	Columbus
headquarters location	Evonik Industries is an industrial corporation headquartered in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, one of the world's leading specialty chemicals companies, owned by RAG Foundation.	Evonik Industries	Essen
headquarters location	Mekong Capital has offices in Ho Chi Minh City, Hanoi.	Mekong Capital	Ho Chi Minh City
headquarters location	Lite-Trac is a trading name of Holme Farm Supplies Ltd, a manufacturer of agricultural machinery registered in England and based in Peterborough.	Lite-Trac	Peterborough
headquarters location	Bulgarian Dreams is a trading name of Berkeley Square Trading Limited, a UK limited company (no. 04647920) registered at 120 Moorgate, London, EC2M 6SS.	Bulgarian Dreams	London
headquarters location	The American Indian Center (AIC) of Chicago is the oldest urban Native American center in the United States.	American Indian Center	Chicago
headquarters location	The Ideal Group is a real estate company based in Kolkata, India.	Ideal Group	Kolkata
headquarters location	The 421st Fighter Squadron (421 FS) is part of the 388th Fighter Wing at Hill Air Force Base, Utah.	421st Fighter Squadron	Hill Air Force Base
headquarters location	Carlson Aircraft is an American aircraft design and manufacturing company based in East Palestine, Ohio.	Carlson Aircraft	East Palestine
headquarters location	The Clayburn Pottery was an English pottery works based in Milner St, Hanley, Stoke-on-Trent.	Clayburn Pottery	Hanley
headquarters location	SIVVI.COM is an online retailer selling on-trend clothing, footwear and accessories for both men & women based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	SIVVI.COM	Dubai
headquarters location	Van Diemen International, Ltd. was a British race car manufacturer based in Snetterton, Norfolk, United Kingdom.	Van Diemen	Snetterton
headquarters location	Color Labs, Inc. was a start-up based in Palo Alto, California.	Color Labs	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Founded in 2003, American Tea Room is opening a second location in Downtown Los Angeles in 2015, and planning on additional locations in Orange County and New York City.	American Tea Room	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Rogers Orchards, in Southington, Connecticut, is an agricultural-produce company owned and operated by members of the same family since its founding in 1807 and one of the leading agricultural producers in Connecticut.	Rogers Orchards	Southington
headquarters location	Hollywood Suite is a group of four Canadian Category B premium specialty channels, owned by Hollywood Suite Inc., a privately held broadcasting company based in Toronto, Ontario.	Hollywood Suite	Toronto
headquarters location	Eicon Networks Corporation was a privately owned designer, developer and manufacturer of communication products founded in 1984 with headquarters in Montreal, Canada.	Eicon	Montreal
headquarters location	On February 3, 2006 Old Mutual completed its acquisition of Skandia, which was subsequently delisted from the Stockholm and London stock exchanges.	Skandia	Stockholm
headquarters location	Bradley Air Services Limited, operating as First Air, is an airline headquartered in Kanata, a suburb of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	First Air	Kanata
headquarters location	Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Doosan Group, is a heavy industrial company head-quartered in Changwon, Korean.	Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction	Changwon
headquarters location	Whiting Brothers was established in 1926 as a chain of gasoline stations based in St. Johns and Holbrook, Arizona.	Whiting Brothers	St. Johns
headquarters location	Xtreme Fighting Championships (XFC) is a premier International mixed martial arts (MMA) organization based out of Spring Lake Michigan with offices in New York, Tampa, Ft. Lauderdale, São Paulo, & Buenos Aires.	Xtreme Fighting Championships	Tampa
headquarters location	Harvest Operations Corp. is a Canadian oil and natural gas company based in Calgary, Alberta.	Harvest Operations	Calgary
headquarters location	Specimen Products is a Chicago-based manufacturer of custom guitars, tube amplifiers, and audio horn speakers led by luthier Ian Schneller.	Specimen Products	Chicago
headquarters location	Realmac Software is an independent software company based in Brighton, England.	Realmac Software	Brighton
headquarters location	The Shelikhov-Golikov Company (SGC) was a Russian fur trading venture, originally founded by Irkutsk entrepreneurs Grigory Shelikhov and Ivan Larionovich Golikov in 1783.	Shelikhov-Golikov Company	Irkutsk
headquarters location	On October 10, 2011, Honda announced at the National Business Aviation Association Convention and Exhibition in Orlando, Fla, that the company would construct an 80,000-square-foot customer service facility near the world headquarters as an expansion of Honda Aircraft Company's world headquarters in Greensboro, North Carolina.	Honda Aircraft Company	Greensboro
headquarters location	Vilhelm Lauritzen Architects (VLA) is an architectural firm based in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vilhelm Lauritzen Architects	Copenhagen
headquarters location	AMP Capital is a large global investment manager headquartered in Sydney, Australia.	AMP Capital	Sydney
headquarters location	In 2003, Necco consolidated its facilities to share a 52-acre (210,000 m2), 810,000-square-foot (75,000 m2) Revere, Massachusetts, plant and warehouse, where its international headquarters resides to this day.	Necco	Revere
headquarters location	The Fender Custom Shop is a division of Fender Musical Instruments Corporation, housed within their headquarters complex in Corona, Riverside County, California.	Fender Custom Shop	Corona
headquarters location	Founded in 2011 from research out of the University of Melbourne, MetaCDN is backed by Australian venture capital firm Starfish Ventures and the University of Melbourne's commercialization arm.	MetaCDN	Melbourne
headquarters location	China SCE Property Holdings Limited (SEHK: 1966) is a privately held property developer headquartered in Xiamen, Fujian, China.	China SCE Property	Xiamen
headquarters location	The South Financial Group, originally known as Carolina First Corporation, was a bank holding company headquartered in Greenville, South Carolina.	South Financial Group	Greenville
headquarters location	The North Brothers Manufacturing Company (North Bros. Mfg. Co. or more simply North Bros.), was an American manufacturer based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania that specialized in the making of hand tools, small appliances and some specialized power tools.	North Brothers Manufacturing Company	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Big Data Partnership is a specialist big data professional services company based in London, UK.	Big Data Partnership	London
headquarters location	Varsity Express (Varsity Air Services Ltd) was a regional airline based at London Oxford Airport in England.	Varsity Express	London
headquarters location	Anime Limited, also known as All the Anime is a UK anime distribution company based in Glasgow, Scotland.	Anime Limited	Glasgow
headquarters location	The African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (Portuguese: Partido Africano da Independência da Guiné e Cabo Verde, PAIGC) is a political party in Guinea-Bissau.	African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde	Bissau
headquarters location	QIP Holder LLC (d/b/a Quiznos) is a franchised fast-food restaurant brand based in Denver, Colorado, which specializes in offering toasted submarine sandwiches.	Quiznos	Denver
headquarters location	Clarity Capital is a global investment firm based in Tel Aviv and New York.	Clarity Capital	Tel Aviv
headquarters location	MeMZ is short for ``Melitopol Motor Plant'' (Ukrainian: ``Мелітопольський моторний завод''), a part of AvtoZAZ.	MeMZ	Melitopol
headquarters location	FCC Environment (UK) Limited is a waste management company headquartered in Northampton, United Kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of Fomento de Construcciones y Contratas.	FCC Environment	Northampton
headquarters location	Morgan Sindall Group plc (LSE: MGNS) is a British based construction services business headquartered in London.	Morgan Sindall Group	London
headquarters location	Cugini Randi was a small Italian company active in the agricultural machinery production sector, formed at the end of the Second World War, presumably in 1947, whose headquarters was located in Bagnacavallo in the province of Ravenna (Italy).	Cugini Randi	Bagnacavallo
headquarters location	Aqua Books was a Canadian independent bookstore opened in Winnipeg, Manitoba by Kelly Hughes in 1999.	Aqua Books	Winnipeg
headquarters location	In July 2011 the chairman of the Democratic Party of Ukraine Sergey Kozachenko was sentenced to eight years in prison Kiev District Court of Simferopol on charges of embezzling 65 million hryvnia in credit union's ``Southern''.	Democratic Party of Ukraine	Kiev
headquarters location	Kettler (German: Heinz Kettler GmbH & Co. KG) is a German company based in Ense-Parsit, with locations all around the world.	Kettler	Ense
headquarters location	Digital Eel is a self-funded independent video game development team located in the Seattle, Washington area.	Digital Eel	Seattle
headquarters location	Hartley Wood and Co Ltd were a company of glass manufacturers established in Sunderland, England.	Hartley Wood and Co	Sunderland
headquarters location	Gould Electronics Inc. - founded in 1884 and based in Chandler, Arizona - is a company involved in the electronics and semiconductor industries.	Gould Electronics	Chandler
headquarters location	Coyne et Bellier is a global consulting and engineering firm based out of Gennevilliers, France.	Coyne et Bellier	Gennevilliers
headquarters location	La Maison Simons was founded by the Simons family in 1840 in Quebec City, and is headquartered in that city.	La Maison Simons	Quebec City
headquarters location	Genesee Brewing Company is an American brewery located along the Genesee River in Rochester, New York.	Genesee Brewing Company	Rochester
headquarters location	Axon Automotive is a British car manufacturer and car components manufacturer based in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire.	Axon Automotive	Wellingborough
headquarters location	Magic Brands, LLC was the owner of Fuddruckers and Koo Koo Roo and was based in Austin, Texas.	Magic Brands	Austin
headquarters location	Eugster/Frismag AG, headquartered in Amriswil, Switzerland, is an OEM producer of home appliances, especially coffee machines which are sold under many well-known international brand names.	Eugster/Frismag	Amriswil
headquarters location	Pavee Point (PP) is a government-funded non-governmental organisation based in Dublin, Ireland that was formed to improve the human rights of Irish Travellers and to bridge the economic and social inequalities between Travellers and settled people.	Pavee Point	Dublin
headquarters location	Bad Robot Productions is currently based in Santa Monica, California, in a building which is incorrectly labeled on purpose as the home of the fictional ``National Typewriter Company'' because Abrams ``likes typewriters -- and misdirection.''	Bad Robot Productions	Santa Monica
headquarters location	CaseCruzer, LLC is a US-based privately held manufacturing company established in 2007 located in Montclair, California.	CaseCruzer	Montclair
headquarters location	It was based in Chicago, and Harpo Studios (the company's TV production studio and corporate headquarters for Harpo Productions) was located in the Near West Side neighborhood of Chicago until the studios closed in 2015.	Harpo Productions	Chicago
headquarters location	123 Money Ltd, trading as 123.ie, is an Irish insurance company with registered offices in Dublin.	123 Money	Dublin
headquarters location	Creemore Springs is a brewery in Creemore, Ontario, Canada, which first opened in 1987.	Creemore Springs	Creemore, Ontario
headquarters location	Kaiser Jeep was the result of the merger between the Kaiser-Frazer Corporation, an independent automaker based in Willow Run, Michigan, and the Toledo, Ohio-based Willys-Overland Company.	Kaiser Jeep	Toledo
headquarters location	Vitacost.com, Inc is an American e-commerce company based in Boca Raton, Florida, that sells vitamins, supplements, sports nutrition and organic health and grocery products.	Vitacost	Boca Raton
headquarters location	Media Forest is an Israeli service provider of Airplay Monitoring and Media Research for Music and Advertising Industries, founded in 2005 in Netanya, Israel.	Media Forest	Israel
headquarters location	Azienda Elettrica Ticinese (AET) is a electricity wholesaler based in Bellinzona (Ticino, Switzerland).	Azienda Elettrica Ticinese	Bellinzona
headquarters location	Next Level Games Inc. is an independent video game developer based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Next Level Games	Vancouver
headquarters location	Chartboost is a San Francisco-based mobile game discovery and monetization platform.	Chartboost	San Francisco
headquarters location	Openet is a software vendor with headquarters in Dublin, Ireland and offices worldwide.	Openet	Dublin
headquarters location	Seva Foundation is an American non-profit international health organization based in Berkeley, California known for treating blindness.	Seva Foundation	Berkeley, California
headquarters location	Schroff GmbH is headquartered in Straubenhardt near Pforzheim, and was founded in 1962 by Gunther Schroff.	Schroff GmbH	Straubenhardt
headquarters location	The company was founded by designer Gian Paolo Dallara in 1972 in Varano de' Melegari, near Parma, Italy, and started building chassis for sports car racing and hillclimbing, racing in the smaller engine classes.	Dallara	Varano de' Melegari
headquarters location	Larox, founded in 1977 and headquartered at Lappeenranta, Finland, is a Finnish engineering company that develops, designs and manufactures industrial filters for use in mining and metallurgy, chemical processing and related industries.	Larox	Lappeenranta
headquarters location	SpaceQuest, Ltd. is a spacecraft components and engineering company located in Fairfax, Virginia, which focuses on the operations of small satellites.	SpaceQuest, Ltd.	Fairfax
headquarters location	In 1919, C.W. Obel opened a branch in Copenhagen.	C.W. Obel	Copenhagen
headquarters location	The Salarpuria Sattva group established in 1986 in Kolkata, India, is a commercial and residential Property development Consultancy, later expanded to Bangalore in 1992.	Salarpuria Sattva	Bangalore
headquarters location	Sharks Sports and Entertainment, Inc. is a privately held corporation based in San Jose, California, which owns and operates a number of sports properties, most notably the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League.	Sharks Sports and Entertainment	San Jose
headquarters location	Huyghe Brewery (Dutch: Brouwerij Huyghe) is a brewery founded in 1906 by Leon Huyghe in city of Melle in East Flanders, Belgium.	Huyghe Brewery	Melle
headquarters location	Chinese Estates Group is a real estate development group based in Hong Kong.	Chinese Estates Group	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Take Air is an airline based in Martinique.	Take Air	Martinique
headquarters location	Publicis Groupe is a French multinational advertising and public relations company, headquartered in Paris.	Publicis	Paris
headquarters location	Plotly, also known by its URL, Plot.ly, is an online analytics and data visualization tool, headquartered in Montreal, Quebec.	Plotly	Montreal
headquarters location	Coins 'N Things, also known as CNT Inc., is a privately held, family-controlled business in Bridgewater, Massachusetts, that was established as a retail shop for coin collectors and is now the largest wholesale vendor of gold in the United States.	Coins 'N Things	Bridgewater
headquarters location	Factory 449: a theatre collective is a not-for-profit theatre company based in Washington, D.C. Factory 449's mission is to maintain an ensemble of multi-disciplinary artists and professionals who are dedicated to the collaborative process of creating ``theatre as event''.	Factory 449: a theatre collective	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The Académie Diplomatique Internationale (ADI; english International Diplomatic Academy) is an international organization based in Paris, France, focused on modern diplomacy and international affairs.	Académie Diplomatique Internationale	Paris
headquarters location	Frank Smythson Ltd., more simply known as Smythson /smaɪθsən/, of Bond Street is a British manufacturer of luxury stationery, leather goods, diaries, and fashion products based in London, England.	Smythson	Bond Street
headquarters location	The Rutube office was relocated to Moscow.	Rutube	Moscow
headquarters location	Erreà (pronounced (ɛr.re.ˈa)) is an Italian sports equipment company (association football, volleyball, basketball, rugby, fitness, running, underwear and leisurewear) supplier founded in Torrile, Italy in 1988.	Erreà	Torrile
headquarters location	Boehringer Laboratories, LLC. is a Family owned American medical technology company with headquarters in Phoenixville, Pennsylvania.	Boehringer Laboratories	Phoenixville
headquarters location	Channel Awesome, Inc. is an online media production company based in Lombard, Illinois.	Channel Awesome	Lombard
headquarters location	Golden Apple Comics is a comic book store in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.	Golden Apple Comics	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Revere Capital Advisors is a hedge fund based in New York City and London.	Revere Capital Advisors	New York City
headquarters location	GKN plc is a British multinational automotive and aerospace components company headquartered in Redditch, Worcestershire.	GKN	Redditch
headquarters location	Pacific Hydro is a renewable energy company headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.	Pacific Hydro	Melbourne
headquarters location	The Union Gospel Mission is a charitable organization providing meals, education, shelter, safe and affordable housing, drug and alcohol recovery programs, and support services to those struggling with homelessness and addiction in the Metro Vancouver area and city of Mission.	Union Gospel Mission	Vancouver
headquarters location	The British Shipbuilders Corporation headquarters was at Benton House in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	British Shipbuilders	Newcastle upon Tyne
headquarters location	Rhymesayers Entertainment is an indie hip hop record label based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Rhymesayers Entertainment	Minneapolis
headquarters location	GainSpan, a San Jose, California-based semiconductor company, designs and markets wireless connectivity products.	GainSpan	San Jose
headquarters location	PoliticIt has been headquartered in Logan since the company was first established.	PoliticIt	Logan
headquarters location	Pharmasset Inc. is a pharmaceutical company based in Princeton, New Jersey in the United States.	Pharmasset	Princeton
headquarters location	Kemosabe Records is an American record label owned by the Sony Music Entertainment based in Los Angeles, California.	Kemosabe Records	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Casavant Frères is a prominent Canadian company in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, which has been building pipe organs since 1879.	Casavant Frères	Saint-Hyacinthe
headquarters location	ZymoGenetics, Inc is one of the oldest biotechnology/pharmaceutical companies in the USA, based in Seattle, Washington.	ZymoGenetics	Seattle
headquarters location	Hudson's, or The J.L. Hudson Company, was a retail department store chain based in Detroit, Michigan.	Hudson's	Detroit
headquarters location	The Live Oak Brewing Company located in Austin, Texas, is a locally owned and operated brewery.	Live Oak Brewing Company	Austin
headquarters location	Enemy Records is an independent record label based in Brooklyn, New York and Munich, Germany, founded in 1986.	Enemy Records	Munich
headquarters location	WebJet Linhas Aéreas S.A. was a low-cost Brazilian airline, based in Rio de Janeiro, which operated from July 2005 to November 2012.	WebJet Linhas Aéreas	Rio de Janeiro
headquarters location	Fred Meyer, Inc., is a chain of superstores founded in 1922 in Portland, Oregon, by Fred G. Meyer (not to be confused with Frederik Gerhard Hendrik Meijer, former chairman of the Meijer superstore chain, which is based in Michigan, with stores in the Midwest).	Fred Meyer	Portland
headquarters location	Before Terrence Gooding, president and CEO of Wavetek, made Wavetek private in 1991, the company had 800 employees, 260 of whom worked in San Diego.	Wavetek	San Diego
headquarters location	The Transitional Learning Center (TLC) is a post-acute brain injury rehabilitation facility headquartered in the island city of Galveston, Texas.	Transitional Learning Center	Galveston
headquarters location	Apollo Hospitals is an Indian hospital chain based in Chennai, India.	Apollo Hospitals	Chennai
headquarters location	Suez Environnement shares are listed on the Euronext exchanges in Paris and Brussels.	Suez Environnement	Paris
headquarters location	The Chinese American Bank (中美銀行) was an overseas Chinese bank in the United States headquartered in New York City, with branch offices in Chinatown, Manhattan and in Chinatown, Flushing.	Chinese American Bank	New York City
headquarters location	The Principal Financial Group is a global financial investment management leader headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa.	Principal Financial Group	Des Moines
headquarters location	Banco Banespa (Banco do Estado de São Paulo) was a Brazilian regional bank, founded in 1909 by the state government of São Paulo.	Banco Banespa	São Paulo
headquarters location	Founded in 2008, the website is owned by the Switzerland-based startup company GetYourGuide AG. The company currently employs around 100 people in the main office in Berlin, Germany, and also have two more offices, one in Las Vegas and the other in Zürich.	GetYourGuide	Berlin	Zürich
headquarters location	AS Røra Fabrikker is a Norwegian company that is located in Røra in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Røra Fabrikker	Inderøy
headquarters location	Moe's Southwest Grill, referred to informally as Moe's, was founded in Atlanta, Georgia, in December 2000, by Raving Brands.	Moe's Southwest Grill	Atlanta
headquarters location	Oil Refineries Ltd. (ORL or BAZAN, Hebrew: בז``ן -- בתי זיקוק לנפט בע''מ‎), is an oil refining company located in Haifa Bay, Israel.	Oil Refineries	Haifa
headquarters location	ChemAxon is a software company specializing in application programming interfaces and end user applications for cheminformatics and life science research with headquarters in Budapest, Hungary and Cambridge, Massachusetts.	ChemAxon	Budapest
headquarters location	Essent NV, based in 's-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands, is an energy company.	Essent	's-Hertogenbosch
headquarters location	Performics is based in Chicago, Illinois, but operates in 34 markets globally.	Performics	Chicago
headquarters location	Medopad Ltd is a British healthcare technology company headquartered in London, UK, with international offices in Salt Lake City, USA, and Dubai, UAE.	Medopad	London
headquarters location	In October 2014, MyScienceWork opened its American offices in San Francisco.	MyScienceWork	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Synanon organization, initially a drug rehabilitation program, was founded by Charles E. ``Chuck'' Dederich, Sr., (1913--1997) in 1958 in Santa Monica, California, United States.	Synanon	Santa Monica
headquarters location	The All-Steel was an automobile produced by the All-Steel Motor Car Co. of St. Louis from 1915 to 1916.	All-Steel	St. Louis
headquarters location	Enercon has production facilities in Germany (Aurich, Emden and Magdeburg), Sweden, Brazil, India, Canada, Turkey and Portugal.	Enercon	Magdeburg
headquarters location	Cliffs Natural Resources, formerly Cleveland-Cliffs, is a Cleveland, Ohio, business firm that specializes in the mining and beneficiation of iron ore.	Cliffs Natural Resources	Cleveland
headquarters location	The Czech National Bank, (Czech: Česká národní banka, ČNB) is the central bank and financial market supervisor in the Czech Republic with its headquarters in Prague.	Czech National Bank	Prague
headquarters location	Chroma ATE Inc., a Taiwan company, is an own brand supplier in electronic test and measurement equipment and systems, providing testing equipment, automatic testing equipment (ATE) and manufacturing execution systems (MES).	Chroma ATE	Taiwan
headquarters location	Dex Media is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, with regional offices in Bristol, TN, Buffalo, NY, Greenwood Village, CO, Overland Park, KS, Santa Clara, CA, Santa Monica, CA, St. Petersburg, FL, and Waltham, MA.	Dex Media	Dallas
headquarters location	Pizza Patrón Inc. is a United States pizza chain headquartered in Dallas, Texas.	Pizza Patrón	Dallas
headquarters location	M. Goldschmidt Holding is a holding company owned by Mikael Goldschmidt and headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark.	M. Goldschmidt Holding	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Geosoft Incorporated is a software development and services company headquartered in Toronto, Canada.	Geosoft	Toronto
headquarters location	Nordstrom, Inc. (/ˈnɔːrdstrəm/) is an American upscale fashion retailer, founded by John W. Nordstrom and Carl F. Wallin and headquartered in Seattle.	Nordstrom	Seattle
headquarters location	It was founded in 1924 by Hugo Boss and is headquartered in Metzingen, Germany.	Hugo Boss	Metzingen
headquarters location	Alasin Media operates and is headquartered in Tampere, Finland.	Alasin Media	Tampere
headquarters location	Aristoc, located in Belper in Derbyshire, is a British marketer and manufacturer of hosiery, founded in 1924.	Aristoc	Belper
headquarters location	NCS Group (also known as NCS Pte Ltd or ``NCS'', previously known as National Computer Systems) is a multinational information technology and communications engineering company headquartered in Singapore.	NCS Pte Ltd	Singapore
headquarters location	Ascari Cars Ltd. is a British automobile manufacturer that is based in Banbury, United Kingdom founded by Dutch millionaire Klaas Zwart.	Ascari Cars	Banbury
headquarters location	The Brian MacKenzie Infoshop, named for an American University student active in the radical community who died of a heart condition in 1999, was a radical book and record shop located in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington, D.C..	Brian MacKenzie Infoshop	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Aurora Degree College is degree college, affiliated to Osmania University of Hyderabad, India.	Aurora Degree College	Hyderabad
headquarters location	Dashang Group (Chinese: 大商集团), headquartered in Dalian, Liaoning Province, China, operates department stores, Xinmate (New Mart) supermarkets and other retail business.	Dashang Group	Dalian
headquarters location	One Communications is a Burlington, Massachusetts-based CLEC providing Telecommunications services to commercial entities.	One Communications	Burlington
headquarters location	Located in Irvine, California, Rare Coin Wholesalers buys, sells, appraises and trades rare coins and precious metals.	Rare Coin Wholesalers	Irvine
headquarters location	The Globe Store was a regional department store in Scranton, Pennsylvania, founded in 1883 by John Simpson and John Clelland.	Globe Store	Scranton
headquarters location	SeaRail is a company based in Tampere, Finland operating a logistics terminal.	SeaRail	Tampere
headquarters location	Multicultural Broadcasting is a media company based in New York City founded by Chinese-American businessman Arthur Liu.	Multicultural Broadcasting	New York City
headquarters location	Castagnari is an Italian maker of accordions and melodeons, based in Recanati.	Castagnari	Recanati
headquarters location	Liberty Videocon General Insurance is a general insurance company based in Mumbai, India.	Liberty Videocon General Insurance	Mumbai
headquarters location	The Industries Mécaniques Maghrébines S.A. (IMM) are a Tunisian car manufacturer headquartered in the city of Kairouan.	Industries Mécaniques Maghrébines	Kairouan
headquarters location	Sabre Corporation is a travel technology company based in Southlake, Texas.	Sabre Corporation	Southlake
headquarters location	Upwardly Global is a 501c3 non-profit organization, based in San Francisco with an additional office in New York and Chicago that helps immigrant, refugee and asylee professionals rebuild their careers in the United States.	Upwardly Global	San Francisco
headquarters location	India Cements owned Indian Premier League franchise Chennai Super Kings from 2008 to 2014.	India Cements	Chennai
headquarters location	Prosetta is an antiviral drug development company based in San Francisco, California.	Prosetta	San Francisco
headquarters location	Shenzhen BYD Daimler New Technology Co., Ltd., trading as Denza, is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Shenzhen, China, specialising in luxury electric cars and a 50:50 joint venture between BYD Auto and Daimler AG. It was founded in May 2010.	Denza	Shenzhen
headquarters location	The Frank R. Jelleff Co., or more commonly Jelleff's was a Washington, D.C.-based retailer that specialized in women's apparel.	Jelleff's	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia, NJVC has additional facilities in Arnold, Missouri and St. Louis, Missouri.	NJVC	Chantilly
headquarters location	Arab Media Group (AMG) is a Dubai, United Arab Emirates, based entertainment company, part of TECOM, the technology and media holdings management arm of Dubai Holding.	Arab Media Group	Dubai
headquarters location	The Salomon Group (also just known as ``Salomon'') is a sports equipment manufacturing company that originated in Annecy, France.	Salomon Group	Annecy
headquarters location	Antics Technologies, Ltd. (often shortened to just Antics) is a software company based in Cambridge, England with offices both there and in Los Angeles, California, as well as in London.	Antics Technologies	Cambridge
headquarters location	Nexient is based in Toronto, Ontario, and is a subsidiary of Global Knowledge of Cary, North Carolina.	Nexient	Toronto
headquarters location	Prism Skylabs is a technology company headquartered in San Francisco, California, that designs, develops and sells business intelligence software for retailers with a consumer storefront.	Prism Skylabs	San Francisco
headquarters location	Oskar Blues Brewery is a craft brewery with locations in Longmont, Colorado and Brevard, North Carolina.	Oskar Blues Brewery	Longmont
headquarters location	Rohöl-Aufsuchungs Aktiengesellschaft (RAG) is an oil and gas company with headquarters in Vienna, Austria.	Rohöl-Aufsuchungs Aktiengesellschaft	Vienna
headquarters location	Nespresso is the brand name of Nestlé Nespresso S.A., an operating unit of the Nestlé Group, based in Lausanne, Switzerland.	Nespresso	Lausanne
headquarters location	The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation of New York City in the United States, is a private foundation with five core areas of interest, endowed with wealth accumulated by Andrew W. Mellon of the Mellon family of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Andrew W. Mellon Foundation	New York City
headquarters location	Zumbox was founded in 2007 in Los Angeles, and obtained more than $30 million in venture capital.	Zumbox	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Nova Bus is a Canadian bus manufacturer in North America, owned by Volvo Buses, and headquartered in Saint-Eustache, Quebec, Canada.	Nova Bus	Saint-Eustache
headquarters location	The Fossa dei Leoni, also referred to by the acronym FdL, was an association of ultras supporters of Italian professional football club Associazione Calcio Milan.	Fossa dei Leoni	Milan
headquarters location	In August 2007, Amigo signed a four-year, $7.5 million sponsorship agreement for Amigo Energy to become the jersey sponsor for the Houston Dynamo, a Major League Soccer team.	Amigo Energy	Houston
headquarters location	W Motors is a Dubai-based car company, established originally in Beirut, Lebanon in 2012 by Ralph R. Debbas.	W Motors	Dubai
headquarters location	The Institute for Justice and Reconciliation (IJR) is a non-governmental organisation and think tank based in Cape Town, South Africa.	Institute for Justice and Reconciliation	Cape Town
headquarters location	Verdiem is a software corporation based in Seattle, Washington.	Verdiem	Seattle
headquarters location	With headquarters in Seattle, Washington, Glacier Northwest's U.S. operations are located in Oregon, Washington and Alaska;	Glacier Northwest	Seattle
headquarters location	Thy-Marcinelle is a steelworks in Charleroi, Belgium, a subsidiary of the Riva group.	Thy-Marcinelle	Charleroi
headquarters location	David Yurman Inc. is a privately held American designer jewelry company founded by David Yurman (born October 12, 1942 in New York City) and Sybil Yurman (born December 10, 1942 in New York City) and headquartered in New York City.	David Yurman	New York City
headquarters location	DNA2.0 was founded in 2003, in Menlo Park, California.	DNA2.0	Menlo Park
headquarters location	European Mauna Kea Technologies 9 rue d'Enghien, 75010 Paris, France (RCS 431268028) North American Mauna Kea Technologies, Inc., 1325 Satellite Boulevard Suite #108, Suwanee, GA, 30024 USA	Mauna Kea Technologies	Paris
headquarters location	The International Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC) was established by the Government of Abu Dhabi pursuant to an Emiri Decree in 1984 with a mandate to invest globally in energy and energy related industries.	International Petroleum Investment Company	Abu Dhabi
headquarters location	SMRT Corporation (SGX: S53) is a public transport operator incorporated on March 6, 2000, as a result of an industry overhaul to form multi-modal public-transport operators in Singapore.	SMRT Corporation	Singapore
headquarters location	Morton Engineering and Dry Dock Company was a shipbuilding company from Quebec City, Quebec.	Morton Engineering and Dry Dock Company	Quebec City
headquarters location	BP Solar was a manufacturer and installer of photovoltaic solar cells headquartered in Madrid, Spain, with production facilities in India and the People's Republic of China.	BP Solar	Madrid
headquarters location	Inform, Inc. is a non-profit environmental organization based in New York City.	Inform, Inc.	New York
headquarters location	Merit Motion Pictures is a documentary film and television production company based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Merit Motion Pictures	Winnipeg
headquarters location	Asenav is a Chilean ship building company, based in Santiago with their main shipyards located in southern Chile in the middle of the city of Valdivia, some 15 km from the Bay of Corral at the Pacific coast.	Asenav	Chile
headquarters location	The Takshashila Institution is an independent, networked think tank and public policy school based in India.	The Takshashila Institution	India
headquarters location	EasyJet (styled as easyJet; LSE: EZJ) is a British low-cost airline carrier based at London Luton Airport.	EasyJet	Luton Airport
headquarters location	Texas Energy Engineers, Inc., dba ccrd partners, is a nationally recognized professional engineering firm headquartered in Houston, TX (USA).	Texas Energy Engineers	Houston
headquarters location	Jet4you was a low-cost airline based in Casablanca, Morocco.	Jet4you	Casablanca
headquarters location	Associated British Foods plc is a British multinational food processing and retailing company whose headquarters are in London, United Kingdom.	Associated British Foods	London
headquarters location	Rans Designs, previously called Rans Inc. (styled all in capitals as RANS), is an American aircraft and bicycle manufacturer based in Hays, Kansas, United States.	Rans Designs	Hays
headquarters location	Weewerk, stylized as (weewerk), is an independent folk, roots, bluegrass, country record label and artist-management company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Weewerk	Toronto
headquarters location	Barrett Firearms Manufacturing is an American manufacturer of firearms and ammunition located in the unincorporated town of Christiana, Tennessee.	Barrett Firearms Manufacturing	Christiana, Tennessee
headquarters location	The service also frequently releases exclusive compilation albums, including the Rheostatics tribute album The Secret Sessions, a series of annual Christmas-themed albums and Tony Dekker's 2014 covers album Sings 10 Years of Zunior, as fundraising benefits for Toronto's Daily Bread Food Bank.	Zunior	Toronto
headquarters location	Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (Norwegian) is a Bermuda-incorporated, US-headquartered company operating cruise ships, headquartered in unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida.	Norwegian Cruise Line	Miami
headquarters location	Bank Handlowy (BHW) or Citi Handlowy is a Polish bank based in Warsaw, established in 1870.	Bank Handlowy	Warsaw
headquarters location	Al Yah Satellite Communications, AlYahsat is a satellite communications company wholly owned subsidiary of Mubadala Development Company, the Abu Dhabi Government's strategic investment company.	Al Yah Satellite Communications	Abu Dhabi
headquarters location	EnServe Group Limited (formerly Spice Limited) is a support services company headquartered in Macclesfield, United Kingdom which provides infrastructure services to the utility sector.	EnServe	Macclesfield
headquarters location	Formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange and a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index, Logica was acquired by the Canada-based CGI Group in August 2012 for £1.7 billion in cash.	Logica	London
headquarters location	Morningstar, Inc. is an investment research and investment management firm headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Morningstar, Inc.	Chicago
headquarters location	Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, based in Dublin, Ireland, with its U.S. headquarters in St. Louis, Missouri, produces specialty pharmaceutical products, including generic drugs and imaging agents.	Mallinckrodt	Dublin
headquarters location	Generation Yes was a youth movement in Ireland that was active in promoting the country's European Union (EU) membership and a 'Yes' vote in the campaign prior to the second referendum on the country's ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon, which was held on 2 October 2009.	Generation Yes	Ireland
headquarters location	Ingram Content Group is a United States-based service provider to the book publishing industry based in La Vergne, Tennessee.	Ingram Content Group	La Vergne
headquarters location	Commcare Pharmacy is a pharmacy with headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.	Commcare Pharmacy	Fort Lauderdale
headquarters location	Novo Nordisk is a Danish multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in Bagsværd, Denmark, with production facilities in seven countries, and affiliates or offices in 75 countries.	Novo Nordisk	Bagsværd
headquarters location	Arnold Laver Ltd is a timber merchant based in Sheffield.	Arnold Laver	Sheffield
headquarters location	ONEXONE is a non-profit initiative based in Canada and the United States, founded by Samantha Brickman with the mission to preserve a basic quality of life for children locally and globally: because Hope Belongs to Everyone.	ONEXONE	Canada
headquarters location	Canditv (candy-TV) is software developed by Data Driven Logistics, based in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire in the UK.	Canditv	Stoke-on-Trent
headquarters location	WDL Aviation GmbH & Co. KG is a German charter airline headquartered at Cologne Bonn Airport.	WDL Aviation	Cologne
headquarters location	United Bank of India (Hindi:युनाइटेड बैंक ऑफ इंडिया) (UBI) is an Indian government-owned financial services company headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	United Bank of India	Kolkata
headquarters location	The Antoine Courtois company, founded in Paris in 1789, is a renowned manufacturer of brass musical instruments.	Antoine Courtois	Paris
headquarters location	OJSC ``Yukos Oil Company'' (Russian: ОАО Нефтяна́я Компа́ния Ю́КОС, IPA: (ˈjukəs)) was an oil and gas company based in Moscow, Russia.	Yukos	Moscow
inception	Beurling Academy opened in 2003 as a result of a merger between Riverside Park Academy and LaSalle Junior International School.	Beurling Academy	2003
inception	The International Brigades (Spanish: Brigadas Internacionales) were military units, made up of volunteers from different countries, who travelled to Spain in order to fight for the Second Spanish Republic in the Spanish Civil War, between 1936 and 1939.	International Brigades	1936
inception	The Institute on the Arts and Civic Dialogue (IACD) was founded in 1997 by actress, playwright, and professor Anna Deavere Smith.	Institute on the Arts and Civic Dialogue	1997
inception	WIGGINS (UCI team code: WGN), also known as Team Wiggins in media, is a professional developmental cycling team based in the United Kingdom, which began competing in elite road bicycle racing and track cycling in 2015.	WIGGINS	2015
inception	In 1716 the construction of the Sieberstollen had begun at the base of the Sieberberg mountain.	Sieberstollen	1716
inception	The Home Government Association was a pressure group launched by Isaac Butt in support of home rule for Ireland at a meeting in Bilton's Hotel, Dublin, on 19 May 1870.	Home Government Association	1870
inception	Cloud 9 Living was founded in 2005 with a mission: ``To forever change the world of gift giving by enhancing people's lives through memorable experiences.''	Cloud 9 Living	2005
inception	The Sarasota Sun Sox were a minor league baseball team based in Sarasota, Florida that played in the Florida State League from 1961 to 1965.	Sarasota Sun Sox	1961
inception	The Army Group North was created on the 2 September 1939 by reorganization of the 2nd Army Headquarters.	Army Group North	2 September 1939
inception	D4L was an American hip hop group, formed in 2003, composed of Atlanta-based rappers Fabo, Mook-B, Stoney and Shawty Lo. They are best known for their hit single ``Laffy Taffy'', which peaked at number 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, in January 2006.	D4L	2003
inception	The first edition of the Pearl of Africa Rally was held in 1997 as an African Rally Championship candidate event.	Pearl of Africa Rally	1997
inception	Rotodisc is a record label started by Ooberman frontman Dan Popplewell in 2001.	Rotodisc	2001
inception	Later in 2012 Room 8 Studio received its first round of funding from Vostok Ventures and began its growth.	Room 8 Studio	2012
inception	State Institute of Urban Planning and Architecture has been established in the year 2012 to provide quality education in the field of Architecture and Urban Planning.	State Institute of Urban Planning and Architecture	2012
inception	Alsalam University College (Arabic: كلية السلام الجامعة‎) (previously: Sheikh Mohammed Al Kasinzan University College) is a private Iraqi university established in 2005 in Baghdad, Iraq.	Alsalam University College	2005
inception	Miss Chitwan is a beauty pageant which began in 1994 for the girls of Central Development Region.	Miss Chitwan	1994
inception	ATN News broadcast its first test transmission on May 1, 2010 and officially went on the air on June 7, 2010.	ATN News	2010
inception	The Women's Development Bank (Spanish: Banco Nacional de la Mujer or Banmujer), was established in Venezuela in 2001 to remedy the political, economic, and social disadvantages faced by women.	Women's Development Bank	2001
inception	American Game Cartridges (AGC) was an American video game developer and publisher established as a subsidiary of ShareData in 1990.	American Game Cartridges	1990
inception	Animal Collective is an American experimental pop band formed in Baltimore, Maryland in 1999.	Animal Collective	1999
inception	Prior to July 2008, the business units that comprise StoneRiver were part of Fiserv Incorporated, which was founded in 1984.	StoneRiver	2008
inception	The Kungsbacka Fjord Nature Reserve (Swedish: Kungsbackafjordens naturreservat), established in 2005, has an area of 5200 hectares and is included in the Natura 2000 network.	Kungsbacka Fjord	2005
inception	In January 1996, Life.Church began in Oklahoma City with 40 congregants meeting together ``in a two-car garage, equipped with just a borrowed overhead projector and two construction lights purchased at Lowe's for $19.99.''	Life.Church	1996
inception	SilverBirch Studios was a video game developer founded in 2004 by Kevin Birch.	SilverBirch Studios	2004
inception	On 31th of August 2015 a cargo airline Airest announced the start of a new brand named FLYEST.	FLYEST	2015
inception	The Oceanographic Museum was inaugurated in 1910 by Monaco's modernist reformer, Prince Albert I. Jacques-Yves Cousteau was director from 1957 to 1988.	Oceanographic Museum	1910
inception	Acid Reign are a British thrash metal band, active from 1985 to 1991, and again since 2015.	Acid Reign	1985
inception	Missouri Western State University was founded in 1915 as a two-year institution called St. Joseph Junior College and held courses in the original location of Central High School (St. Joseph, Missouri) at 13th and Patee.	Missouri Western State University	1915
inception	PharmedOut (PhO) is a Georgetown University Medical Center project founded in 2006.	PharmedOut	2006
inception	The bank was established in June 1998 and Cape Fear Bank Corporation, the parent company, was formed in June 2005.	Cape Fear Bank	1998
inception	Fania Records was a New York based record label founded by Dominican-born composer and bandleader Johnny Pacheco and Italian-American lawyer Jerry Masucci in 1964.	Fania Records	1964
inception	Freightliner Group is a rail freight and logistics company, formed in the United Kingdom in 1995, and now having expanded into Australia, The Netherlands and Poland.	Freightliner Group	1995
inception	De Dijk (English: The Dike) is a Dutch rock band which formed in 1981.	De Dijk	1981
inception	The National Mining Museum Scotland was created in 1984, to preserve the physical surface remains of Lady Victoria Colliery at Newtongrange, Midlothian, Scotland.	National Mining Museum Scotland	1984
inception	Voronyinskaya Volost (Russian: Воро́ньинская во́лость) was an administrative division (a volost) of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1866--1868.	Voronyinskaya Volost	1866
inception	Opened on July 12, 1989, Lotte World receives 7.6 million visitors each year.	Lotte World	1989
inception	Union of Democrats for Citizenship and Development (Portuguese: União dos Democratas para Cidadania e Desenvolvimento) is a political party in São Tomé and Príncipe, formed in January 2005.	Union of Democrats for Citizenship and Development	2005
inception	Nick Jonas & the Administration is a band formed in late 2009 as a side project by Nick Jonas of the Jonas Brothers.	Nick Jonas & the Administration	2009
inception	The Mali Empire (Manding: Nyeni; English: Niani), also historically referred to as the Manden Kurufaba, was a Mandinka/Bambara empire in West Africa from c. 1230 to c. 1600.	Mali Empire	1230
inception	The Åland Progress Group (Swedish: Ålands Framstegsgrupp) was a political party in the Åland Islands that contested elections in 1999 and 2003.	Åland Progress Group	1999
inception	Open Book Publishers was founded in 2008 by Rupert Gatti, Alessandra Tosi and William St Clair all of whom were academics from the University of Cambridge.	Open Book Publishers	2008
inception	Scripps Networks Interactive is an American media company formed on July 1, 2008, when the E. W. Scripps Company spun off its cable television division as a publicly traded company.	Scripps Networks Interactive	2008
inception	Iraqi Red Crescent Society was founded in 1932 and it has its headquarters in Baghdad.	Iraqi Red Crescent Society	1932
inception	Pony Pony Run Run are a French power pop band from Angers formed in Nantes in 2003.	Pony Pony Run Run	2003
inception	Dovre National Park (Norwegian: Dovre nasjonalpark) is a national park in Hedmark and Oppland, Norway, that was established in 2003.	Dovre National Park	2003
inception	The Church of Scotland traces its roots back to the beginnings of Christianity in Scotland, but its identity is principally shaped by the Reformation of 1560.	Church of Scotland	1560
inception	Mark Ghuneim, CEO and co-founder of Wiredset, launched the digital agency in 2004.	Wiredset	2004
inception	It was established in 1910 in connection with the construction of the Amur Railway; both the settlement and the railway station were named after the stream called Magdagachi, which flows into a tributary of the Amur River.	Magdagachi	1910
inception	Naturalist Henry A. Snow established the Oakland Zoo in 1922 on 19th St and Harrison St in downtown Oakland.	Oakland Zoo	1922
inception	Bajan Helicopters Limited was a Bridgetown-based, Barbadian aviation company which was founded in 1989 and ceased trading in April 2009.	Bajan Helicopters	1989
inception	In 2002, four years after the forced amalgamation of Toronto, MTHC merged with THC to form the new Toronto Community Housing Corporation (TCHC) to administer all public housing units within the merged City of Toronto.	Toronto Community Housing	2002
inception	Delta Chi Xi Honorary Dance Fraternity, Inc. was founded in the UNCG School of Music, Theatre and Dance at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro on April 20, 2010.	Delta Chi Xi	2010
inception	The Greenberry Woods was a power pop quartet formed in 1989 by songwriters Matt Huseman and Ira Katz while students at the University of Maryland.	The Greenberry Woods	1989
inception	An Taisce - The National Trust for Ireland (Irish pronunciation: (an̪ˠ ˈt̪ˠaʃcə), meaning ``the store'' or ``the treasury'')', was established in 1948.	An Taisce	1948
inception	Ultraísta is an experimental rock band, formed in 2008.	Ultraísta	2008
inception	The first Earth Day Challenge Marathon was held in 2007 and has been held annually since.	Earth Day Challenge Marathon	2007
inception	WYOW's first broadcast to viewers in North-Central Wisconsin and the Western Upper Peninsula of Michigan was on January 4, 1997 under the ownership of Northwoods Educational Television.	WYOW	1997
inception	The Jepson School of Leadership Studies, founded in 1992 at the University of Richmond, is dedicated to the academic study of leadership.	Jepson School of Leadership Studies	1992
inception	The SOS Mata Atlântica Foundation was created in 1986 as a non-governmental and non-profit organization, with the goal of defending what remains of Mata Atlântica (the Atlantic Forest) in Brazil.	SOS Mata Atlântica Foundation	1986
inception	Officially the Kazakhstan Institute for Strategic Studies was founded on 16 June 1993, under the Decree of President Nursultan Nazarbayev with the mission to provide predictive research and analysis of strategic issues of external and internal nature for further development of Kazakhstan.	Kazakhstan Institute for Strategic Studies	16 June 1993
inception	Gutenfels Castle was built in 1220.	Gutenfels Castle	1220
inception	In 1916, Franchetti bequeathed the Ca' d'Oro to the Italian State.	Ca' d'Oro	1916
inception	Un-Cruise Adventures was founded as the American Safari Cruises in 1996 in order to provide small yacht cruises in Alaska.	Un-Cruise Adventures	1996
inception	The Ash Mountain Entrance Sign at Sequoia National Park was constructed in 1935 by Civilian Conservation Corps craftsmen.	Ash Mountain Entrance Sign	1935
inception	School of Visual Arts (SVA) is a for-profit art and design college located in Manhattan, New York, founded in 1947.	School of Visual Arts	1947
inception	Common Dead debuted with a self-titled album in 2009 that earned favorable reviews from press.	Common Dead	2009
inception	Bright Turkey Party (Turkish Aydınlık Türkiye Partisi (ATP)) was a right-wing party founded on 27 November 1998 by Oktay Öztürk.	Bright Turkey Party	1998
inception	McKenna Long & Aldridge was formed by the 2002 merger of two firms--the Washington, DC-based McKenna & Cuneo and the Atlanta-based Long Aldridge & Norman.	McKenna Long & Aldridge	2002
inception	Maritime Analog (aka Maritime Analog Effects Pedals and Components) is an effects pedals and parts company founded in 2010 in North Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Maritime Analog	2010
inception	Audio Playground is a Canadian dance-pop act formed in August 2009 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Audio Playground	2009
inception	Focus Ireland was founded by Sister Stanislaus Kennedy in 1985.	Focus Ireland	1985
inception	BBC Choice was a BBC TV station which launched on 23 September 1998 and closed on 9 February 2003.	BBC Choice	1998
inception	Some of the acts booked or promoted by Synthetic Entertainment since 2006 include Hanzel und Gretyl, SNFU, Agent Orange, Combichrist, Imperative Reaction, 16 Volt, Bella Morte, Rabbit Junk, Chemlab, and Genitorturers.	Synthetic Entertainment	2006
inception	Whoa Oh Records Records was launched in 1998.	Whoa Oh Records	1998
inception	Grandaddy is an American indie rock band from Modesto, California, formed in 1992.	Grandaddy	1992
inception	Immersia is a privately held software development company co-founded by Guy Bar-ner, Karen Shlimovich and Paul Kuklis in 2013.	Immersia	2013
inception	Richway first opened in 1968 in metro Atlanta with suburban locations in Smyrna, Sandy Springs, Tucker and College Park.	Richway	1968
inception	In September 1986 Unisys was formed through the merger of the mainframe corporations Sperry and Burroughs, with Burroughs buying Sperry for $4.8 billion.	Unisys	1986
inception	The German Air Sports Association (Deutscher Luftsportverband, or DLV e. V.) was an organisation set up by the Nazi Party in March 1933 to establish a uniform basis for the training of military pilots.	German Air Sports Association	1933
inception	The Oregon East Symphony was created in 1986 by a consortium of local musicians and music lovers who wanted to establish a community orchestra in Pendleton, Oregon.	Oregon East Symphony	1986
inception	WCLM-LP signed on for the first time on March 12, 2008.	WCLM-LP	2008
inception	The Centre for Defence and International Security Studies, established in 1990 at Lancaster University, by merger of two previous institutions: the Centre for Defence and Security Analysis and the Centre for the Study of Arms Control and International Security.	Centre for Defence and International Security Studies	1990
inception	TSO (The Stationery Office) is a British publishing company created in 1996 when the publishing arm of Her Majesty's Stationery Office was privatised.	The Stationery Office	1996
inception	ASK/Brocēni/LMT was a professional basketball team that was located in Riga, Latvia that existed from 1992 to 2001.	ASK/Brocēni/LMT	1992
inception	The Royal Geographical Society (with the Institute of British Geographers) is the UK's learned society and professional body for geography, founded in 1830 for the advancement of geographical sciences.	Royal Geographical Society	1830
inception	Tishman Realty & Construction Co., Inc is an American corporation founded in 1898 that owns and develops real estate.	Tishman Realty & Construction	1898
inception	HealthBridge was founded in 1997 as a community effort to develop a common technology infrastructure for sharing health information electronically in the Greater Cincinnati tri-state area.	HealthBridge	1997
inception	DD Malayalam news Varthakal from its inception in 1985 was popular among the viewers for the orthodox style of presentation.	DD Malayalam	1985
inception	Multan Medical and Dental College (abbreviated as MMDC), established in 2008, is a private college of medical and dental school, in Multan, Punjab, Pakistan.	Multan Medical and Dental College	2008
inception	In 2004, Andrejco opened Puppet Heap at its current location in Hoboken.	Puppet Heap	2004
inception	As the demand for the platform expanded beyond specific client needs, Infofilter evolved into Trendrr in April 2007.	Trendrr	2007
inception	Announcing its establishment in November 2008, Jund Ansar Allah is an al-Qaeda inspired organization ideologically affiliated with the movement for global jihad.	Jund Ansar Allah	2008
inception	The organization was founded in 1983, when the Galician Socialist Party (PSG) decided not to join the BNG and a group of dissenting militants of the PSG formed the Socialist Collective, entering the BNG.	Socialist Collective	1983
inception	AGA AB, previously AB Gasaccumulator and AB Svenska Gasaccumulator, was a Swedish industrial gas company founded in 1904.	AGA AB	1904
inception	Patrick Henry Mall, which is named after the adjacent Patrick Henry International Airport, opened as the Peninsula area's third enclosed regional mall in 1987.	Patrick Henry Mall	1987
inception	Atlantic 252 was an Irish long wave radio station broadcasting across Ireland and Great Britain on 252 kHz (1190 metres) from its 1988 purpose built transmission site in Clarkstown, County Meath, which provided service to Atlantic 252 from 1989 until 2002.	Atlantic 252	1989
inception	FreeType was in 1996 created by David Turner to render TrueType fonts, including an interpreter for handling TrueType bytecode.	FreeType	1996
inception	CNW Group (CNW) is a Canadian-based commercial press release service established in 1960 and owned by PR Newswire.	CNW Group	1960
inception	Since 21 January 2006, Peace TV channel has been telecast to more than 200 countries around the world, including in Asia, Europe, Africa, Australia and North America.	Peace TV	2006
inception	The Banque Industrielle de Chine or Industrial Bank of China was chartered in 1913 and was closed in 1922.	Banque Industrielle de Chine	1913
inception	Stratford Armouries was built in 2007 on an 86-acre (350,000 m2) site - the former RAF Snitterfield.	Stratford Armouries	2007
inception	The various brands were consolidated under the Bally Total Fitness brand in 1995.	Bally Total Fitness	1995
inception	Monoblock Industry of Imagineering is a design and publishing firm established in February 2004 by Pablo Galuppo and Vik Arrieta.	Monoblock Industry of Imagineering	2004
inception	The Black Artists Group (BAG) was a multidisciplinary arts collective that existed in St. Louis, Missouri, from 1968 to 1972.	Black Artists Group	1968
inception	Chester French was originally a five-piece band that formed in 2003 in their freshman year in Harvard University.	Chester French	2003
inception	ACE Aviation Holdings Incorporated was created as Air Canada emerged from bankruptcy in 2004.	ACE Aviation Holdings	2004
inception	Taganka Prison (Russian: Таганская тюрьма) was built in Moscow in 1804 by Alexander I, emperor of Russia.	Taganka Prison	1804
inception	Loyal Company of Virginia or Loyal Land Company was a land speculation company formed in Virginia in 1749 for the purpose of recruiting settlers to western Virginia.	Loyal Company of Virginia	1749
inception	Stars of Track and Field was a three-piece indie rock band from Portland, Oregon that was active from 2003 to 2011.	Stars of Track and Field	2003
inception	She saw the opportunity for packaging intangible experiences as gifts and established Red Letter Days in 1989.	Red Letter Days	1989
inception	TV Mania was a British-American electronic band founded in 1995 that consisted of keyboardist Nick Rhodes and guitarist Warren Cuccurullo (both of Duran Duran), long-time Duran Duran keyboard tech and collaborator Mark Tinley (aka Mark Ty-Wharton) and producer/multi-instrumentalist Anthony J. Resta.	TV Mania	1995
inception	The resulting album, Two Tongues, was scheduled to be released in summer 2008, but was delayed for unspecified reasons.	Two Tongues	2008
inception	ISOC-Yemen was established in August 2013 as the first Internet-related civil society organization in Yemen.	ISOC-Yemen	2013
inception	Since July 2010, Spark MicroGrants has worked alongside communities in Rwanda, Uganda And Burundi in order to support their community-driven initiatives.	Spark MicroGrants	2010
inception	Darlington Mowden Park Sharks Ladies Rugby Football Club is a women's rugby union club in Darlington, County Durham, England founded in 1996.	Darlington Mowden Park Sharks	1996
inception	Begun as a solo recording project in 2010 by Will Toledo, Car Seat Headrest released 12 albums on the internet site bandcamp.	Car Seat Headrest	2010
inception	Fractal Records is an independent French label created in September 1994, eclectic, focused on rock music, jazz, psychedelic, modern, avant-garde, free, punk, experimental, and especially that of Japan.	Fractal Records	1994
inception	The club was founded 2009 by students of the Inca Garcilaso de la Vega school, in that year Real Garcilaso played the second division in Cusco.	Real Garcilaso	2009
inception	Followed by a pre-release sampler made available on September 13, 2013 via SoundCloud, announced on @tweakermusic, @primitiverace and as reported on metal underground Primitive Race published an interview featuring Graham Crabb on YouTube on September 26, 2013 detailing how the band collaborates, produces and constructs their music.	Primitive Race	2013
inception	In 2001, Ericsson Mobile Platforms became one of the first companies to license 3G technology platforms to mobile phone manufacturers.	Ericsson Mobile Platforms	2001
inception	San Diego Men's Chorus (SDMC) provided entertainment for San Diego, California since 1985.	San Diego Men's Chorus	1985
inception	Peau Vavaʻu's office opened for operations on 27 May 2004 with Chairman of the Board and 50% owner, the former HRH Crown Prince Tupouto'a, who became George Tupou V, and Director Mr Joseph Ramanlal, also a 50% owner.	Peau Vavaʻu	2004
inception	Wickes was founded by Henry Dunn Wickes, in Michigan, United States in 1854, and in 1972, Wickes Corporation, along with British builders merchant, Sankeys, opened its first store in the United Kingdom.	Wickes	1972
inception	Created in 2003, Constructing Excellence leads efforts to apply the progressive thinking of the 1994 Latham and 1998 Egan Reports, having absorbed several of the bodies established since those government-instigated reports were published.	Constructing Excellence	2003
inception	In 1989, the University in Pullman formally established Washington State University Vancouver as a branch campus of the state's land-grant institution.	Washington State University Vancouver	1989
inception	Angus & Julia Stone are an Australian brother-sister folk and indie pop group that formed in 2006 by Angus Stone and Julia Stone.	Angus & Julia Stone	2006
inception	BBC Persian Television (Persian: تلویزیون فارسی بی‌بی‌سی‎‎) is the BBC's Persian language news channel that was launched on 14 January 2009.	BBC Persian Television	2009
inception	Stila Cosmetics is an American cosmetics company founded in 1994 by makeup artist Jeanine Lobell.	Stila	1994
inception	V SS Mountain Corps was a Waffen SS formation that existed in later periods of World War II. The Corps fought against partisans in Yugoslavia as part of 2nd Panzer Army from October 1943 to December 1944.	V SS Mountain Corps	1943
inception	The Comité International du Ski-Alpinisme de Compétition (CISAC) was the international committee of competition ski mountaineering and was founded in 1991.	Comité International du Ski-Alpinisme de Compétition	1991
inception	CIAY-FM went on the air in 2004, and relies mostly on volunteer labour.	CIAY-FM	2004
inception	While at Kendall in 1986, Keenan was in two musical groups, Tex A.N.S. and Children of the Anachronistic Dynasty.	Children of the Anachronistic Dynasty	1986
inception	The Corps became a military unit on 1 January 1944 under the name ``The British Free Corps'' In the first week of February 1944, the BFC moved to the St Michaeli Kloster in Hildesheim, a small town near Hannover.	British Free Corps	1944
inception	Santipur B.Ed College, established in 2010, is a private college in Santipur, Nadia district, West Bengal, India.	Santipur B.Ed College	2010
inception	The Dirty 9s are a band from Dublin, Ireland who have been writing & recording music together since 2008.	The Dirty 9s	2008
inception	Text Records is a British independent record label founded by Kieran Hebden in 2001.	Text Records	2001
inception	The youngest town in the Kolyma region, Sinegorye was built in the period 1971 to 1981 to house workers for the construction of the nearby dam and hydroelectric power station on the Kolyma River.	Sinegorye	1971
inception	After the Second World War, on 30 September 1946, at the congress in Paris the organization formally became known as the International Union of Socialist Youth.	International Union of Socialist Youth	1946
inception	Dogbones was a Lithuanian rock band, which existed from 1995 to 1998.	Dogbones	1995
inception	The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra (RPO), based in London, was formed by Sir Thomas Beecham in 1946.	Royal Philharmonic Orchestra	1946
inception	Knowledge Institute of Technology (KIOT) was founded by the Knowledge Institute of Technology Trust (KIOTT) in 2009 in kakapalayam, salem.	Knowledge Institute of Technology	2009
inception	Founded in 1992 and like KHTM-LP, KLGV-LD is owned by International Broadcasting Network.	KLGV-LD	1992
inception	The Cologne Conference was founded in 1991 by journalist and media researcher Lutz Hachmeister while he was the head of the Adolf-Grimme-Institut.	Cologne Conference	1991
inception	The team was established in 1997 as Ware Fire, but following the demise and eventual closure of the former British Basketball League franchise Essex Leopards in 2003, a supporters group known as 'Leopards Alive' merged with the Ware-based club and rebranded the team as Essex & Herts Leopards in 2004.	Essex Leopards	1997
inception	Criteo was founded in Paris, France in 2005 by Jean-Baptiste Rudelle, Franck Le Ouay and Romain Niccoli.	Criteo	2005
inception	The Sky Kings was an American country music supergroup formed in 1991 as Four Wheel Drive.	The Sky Kings	1991
inception	ArjoHuntleigh, which is a part of the Getinge Group was established in early 2007 through the merger of ARJO and Huntleigh Technology.	ArjoHuntleigh	2007
inception	Dream Street was a short-lived American pop boy band that was formed in mid-1999 by Louis Baldonieri and Brian Lukow.	Dream Street	1999
inception	The Lebanese Air Force was established in 1949 under the command of then-Lieutenant Colonel Emile Boustany who later became commander of the army.	Lebanese Air Force	1949
inception	Goodwin Steel Castings has been a supplier of machined castings since 1883.	Goodwin Steel Castings	1883
inception	The Beer floating event has been organized annually since 1997.	Beer floating	1997
inception	D-Side was an Irish boyband established in 2001, by twins Rory and Eoghan MacSweeney and they were signed to Edel Records.	D-Side	2001
inception	The Alliance for Finance was founded in 1996 on the initiative of the Barclays Group Staff Union to encourage more joint campaigning and solidarity between the many trade unions and staff associations covering the banking and financial services sector in the UK.	Alliance for Finance	1996
inception	Located in New Orleans, Xavier University of Louisiana was established in 1915 when Saint Katharine Drexel and the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament founded the coeducational secondary school from which it evolved.	Xavier University of Louisiana	1915
inception	The National Council of Schools and Programs of Professional Psychology (NCSPP) was founded in 1976 to enhance the quality of graduate training in professional psychology.	National Council of Schools and Programs of Professional Psychology	1976
inception	Since its first opening in 1988 over six million visitors from more than 25 countries have experienced Dialogue in the Dark, which has provided over 6,000 blind people jobs.	Dialogue in the Dark	1988
inception	Branch Metrics was founded by Alex Austin, Mike Molinet, Mada Seghete, and Dmitri Gaskin in 2014.	Branch Metrics	2014
inception	Winterworld is an electronic music festival founded in 2003 in Germany.	Winterworld	2003
inception	BLØF is a Dutch pop rock band founded in 1992 by musician Peter Slager, and originally consisted of four musicians: bassist Peter Slager, guitarist Paskal Jakobsen, Bas Kennis, playing keyboards, and Henk Tjoonk as drummer.	BLØF	1992
inception	While not formally established as an organization until 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War, Gush Emunim sprang out of the conquests of the Six-Day War in 1967, encouraging Jewish settlement of the land based on the belief that, according to the Torah, God gave it to the Jewish people.	Gush Emunim	1974
inception	Grand Prix de la ville de Tunis (English: Grand Prize (of cycling) of the City of Tunis) is a one-day professional road bicycle racing event and sports festival established in 2007 and projected to be held annually each April in Tunis, the capital city of the Tunisian Republic.	Grand Prix de la ville de Tunis	2007
inception	The Kingdom of Sarawak was a state in Borneo established in 1841 by James Brooke receiving independent kingdom status from the Sultanate of Brunei as a reward for helping fight piracy and insurgency.	Kingdom of Sarawak	1841
inception	The University of Madeira (UMa -- Portuguese: Universidade da Madeira, pronounced: (univɨɾsiˈdad(ɨ) dɐ mɐˈdɐjɾɐ), 32°39′32``N 16°55′28''W) is a Portuguese public university, created in 1988 in Funchal.	University of Madeira	1988
inception	Kissinger Associates, Inc., founded in 1982, is a New York City-based international consulting firm, founded and run by Henry Kissinger and Brent Scowcroft.	Kissinger Associates	1982
inception	Medical University of Białystok was created in 1950 in a historic building from the 18th century, Pałac Branickich, which is the most historically important building for the city of Białystok.	Medical University of Białystok	1950
inception	It was founded in 1901 as the Aero Club of Great Britain, being granted the title of the ``Royal Aero Club'' in 1910.	Royal Aero Club	1901
inception	ArtBakery is founded in 2002 after the artist Goddy Leye moves back to Cameroon from the Netherlands.	ArtBakery	2002
inception	Gang Gajang (styled as GANGgajang) are an Australian pop rock band which formed in 1984.	Gang Gajang	1984
inception	Maynaguri College, established in 1999, is general degree college in Maynaguri.	Maynaguri College	1999
inception	Created in 2002, SPoW -Science Parks of Wallonia-, is an association of seven Belgian science parks located in Wallonia:	Science Parks of Wallonia	2002
inception	The Liang dynasty (Chinese: 梁朝; pinyin: Liáng cháo) (502--587), also known as the Southern Liang dynasty (南梁), was the third of the Southern Dynasties during China's Southern and Northern Dynasties period.	Liang dynasty	502
inception	Euro First Air - Canarias Cargo was founded on 30 November 1999 with headquarters in Las Palmas.	Euro First Air - Canarias Cargo	1999
inception	Mokala National Park is a reserve established in the Plooysburg area south-west of Kimberley in the Northern Cape, South Africa on 19 June 2007.	Mokala National Park	June 2007
inception	The Genesis Awards were founded as an annual event in 1986 by the Broadway actress and animal advocate Gretchen Wyler, under the aegis of the Fund for Animals.	Genesis Awards	1986
inception	Tooth & Nail Records is a Christian rock record label founded by Brandon Ebel in California in November 1993.	Tooth & Nail Records	1993
inception	LNT (Latvian: Latvijas Neatkarīgā Televīzija, Latvian Independent Television) is a major private television company in Latvia, founded in 1996.	Latvijas Neatkarīgā Televīzija	1996
inception	Formed in 1989 in the city of Most, Eduard began in a rented cellar as a manufacturer of photoetched brass model components.	Eduard	1989
inception	The Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing at the University of California, Davis was established in March 2009.	Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing	2009
inception	The National Union of Greece (Greek: Εθνική Ένωσις Ελλάδος, Ethniki Enosis Ellados or EEE) was an anti-Semitic nationalist party established in Thessaloniki, Greece, in 1927.	National Union of Greece	1927
inception	South Sea Roller Derby (SSRD) was founded by former Victorian Roller Derby League (VRDL) member, Misty Meaner, in 2009.	South Sea Roller Derby	2009
inception	The airline was established in 2001 and started operations on 27 October 2002, reusing the name Qantas gained when it acquired former Australian domestic carrier Australian Airlines in September 1992.	Australian Airlines	2001
inception	The Europol Convention finally came into effect in October 1998 after ratification by all 15 EU national parliaments though some outstanding legal issues (primarily data protection supervision and judicial supervision) ensured it could not formally take up duties until July 1999.	Europol	1999
inception	The Australian Sports Party was a registered federal political party of Australia formed in 2013 and officially deregistered in August 2015.	Australian Sports Party	2013
inception	BeritaSatu Sports is a sports television channel, which broadcasts since 2014.	BeritaSatu Sports	2014
inception	The Taxi Operators Political Service (Oceania) was a minor Australian political party that was active from 1997 to 2001.	Taxi Operators Political Service	1997
inception	Krupajal Engineering College, Bhubaneswar also called as KEC is an Engineering Institution in the Eastern Zone of Odisha, which was established in the year of 1995 under Krupajal Group of Institution promoting Engineering excellence.	Krupajal Engineering College, Bhubaneswar	1995
inception	The Matthew Shepard Foundation is an LGBT nonprofit organization, headquartered in Casper, Wyoming, which was founded in December 1998 by Dennis and Judy Shepard in memory of their son, Matthew.	Matthew Shepard Foundation	1998
inception	British Lion Films is a film production and distribution company active under several forms since 1919.	British Lion Films	1919
inception	Academy for Advanced Academics (AAA) is a combined effort of Florida International University (FIU) and Miami-Dade County Public Schools (MDCPS) initiated in the summer of the 2009 school year.	Academy for Advanced Academics	2009
inception	The National Amateur Body-Builders' Association, more commonly referred to as NABBA, was founded in 1950 by the Health & Strength League to promote bodybuilding.	National Amateur Body-Builders' Association	1950
inception	The Wessex Football League is an English association football league formed in 1986, with its premier division currently at the fifth step of the National League System, or the ninth tier of the overall English football league system.	Wessex Football League	1986
inception	Radio Student (100.5 FM) is the first student radio station in Croatia, broadcasting since 1996 in Zagreb.	Radio Student	1996
inception	The Marine Museum of the Great Lakes is located at the 1892 Kingston Dry Dock, a national historic site in Kingston, Ontario.	Marine Museum of the Great Lakes	1892
inception	Chatham Day School opened its doors in 1998, and is small by design.	Chatham Day School	1998
inception	The Erasmus Programme (European Region Action Scheme for the Mobility of University Students) is a European Union (EU) student exchange programme established in 1987.	Erasmus Programme	1987
inception	Vishva Shakti Durga Mandir Association विश्व शक्ति दुर्गा मन्दिर(VSDMA) was incorporated in 1997 as a non-profit organization to promote the religious, social, and cultural activities of Indo-Canadians in Ottawa and Eastern Ontario.	Vishva Shakti Durga Mandir	1997
inception	2H+ (sometimes 2Hplus or 2H-positive) is a Slovak hip hop from Bratislava, formed in 2001.	2H+	2001
inception	The Art Gallery of Burlington, founded in 1978, is the seventh largest public art gallery in Ontario.	Art Gallery of Burlington	1978
inception	Centre d'Art Santa Mònica (CASM), more commonly abbreviated as Arts Santa Mònica, is a public venue in Barcelona, (Catalonia) opened in 1988, for exhibiting traveling contemporary art. It is located in the Raval side of Rambla de Santa Mònica (Ciutat Vella district).	Centre d'Art Santa Mònica	1988
inception	The Norman Mailer Prize or Mailer Prize is an American literary award established in 2009 by The Norman Mailer Center and The Norman Mailer Writers Colony to celebrate writers and their works.	Norman Mailer Prize	2009
inception	Caravan Radio was a pop up Digital Radio station that broadcast nationally in Australia while Hamish & Andy tour the United Kingdom in 2010 on their fourth Caravan of Courage journey.	Caravan Radio	2010
inception	The Conference on World Affairs (CWA) is an annual conference, open to the public, featuring panel discussions among experts in international affairs and other areas, hosted since 1948 by the University of Colorado Boulder in Boulder, Colorado, USA.	Conference on World Affairs	1948
inception	Bjelleklang (Norwegian: lit. Bell Sounds, coll. Jingle Bells) is a Norwegian a cappella vocal group, formed in Lørenskog in 1986, who have released several albums.	Bjelleklang	1986
inception	Founded on June 22, 1977, Sojaprotein started regular production six years later, in 1983.	Sojaprotein	1977
inception	Artists Alliance was established in 1991 as an offshoot of the New Zealand Sculptors Society.	Artists Alliance	1991
inception	The Christian Council of Sweden (Swedish: Sveriges kristna råd) is an echumenical Christian organization in Sweden, established on 15 December 1992.	Christian Council of Sweden	1992
inception	State Champs is an American pop punk band from Averill Park, New York, formed in 2010.	State Champs	2010
inception	The National Enterprise Corporation (NEC) was established in 1989 by an Act of Parliament of Uganda, soon after the victories of the National Resistance Army and the National Resistance Movement in the Luwero War, as the commercial arm of the army of Uganda.	National Enterprise Corporation	1989
inception	OnTrack was a regional rail line that operated in Syracuse, New York from 1994 to 2007.	OnTrack	1994
inception	Baltona (full: Baltona Foreign Trade Company Spółka Akcyjna, former Baltona - zaopatrywanie statków) is an enterprise created in 1946 in Poland.	Baltona	1946
inception	The Family Values Tour was created by American nu metal band Korn in 1998 to be an annual rock and hip hop tour.	Family Values Tour	1998
inception	Alive & Well AIDS Alternatives was founded in 1995 by the late Christine Maggiore, who had tested HIV-positive in 1992.	Alive & Well AIDS Alternatives	1995
inception	Vadstena Castle was originally built by King Gustav I in 1545 as a fortress to protect Stockholm from enemies approaching from the south.	Vadstena Castle	1545
inception	Founded by Canadian environmental activists in 1971, Greenpeace states its goal is to ``ensure the ability of the Earth to nurture life in all its diversity'' and focuses its campaigning on worldwide issues such as climate change, deforestation, overfishing, commercial whaling, genetic engineering, and anti-nuclear issues.	Greenpeace	1971
inception	The Sikkim Football Association was formed in the year 1976, previously it was known as the Gangtok Football and Sporting Association.	Sikkim Football Association	1976
inception	The Cyberjaya campus was opened on 8 July 1999.	Cyberjaya	1999
inception	Formed at the University of Notre Dame in December 1997 by guitarist/vocalist Brendan Bayliss, bassist Ryan Stasik, keyboardist Joel Cummins, and drummer Mike Mirro, Umphrey's McGee combined members of Tashi Station and Stomper Bob, two Notre Dame rock bands.	Umphrey's McGee	1997
inception	The Ark Project or Ark Project of Freedom was an organisation co-founded by Susan Mesinai in March 1991 in Waterbury, Connecticut to find out information on non-Russians taken prisoner by the former Soviet Union.	Ark Project	1991
inception	Telekom Innovation Laboratories (also called T-Labs) was established in 2004 as the central research and development institute of Deutsche Telekom.	Telekom Innovation Laboratories	2004
inception	Mushroom Networks was founded in 2004, by electrical and computer engineer Rene Cruz, Cahit Akin and Rajesh Mishra as a spin-off from the University of California, San Diego (UCSD) and got support from the von Liebig Center.	Mushroom Networks	2004
inception	UN Watch was founded in 1993 under the chairmanship of Morris Berthold Abram.	UN Watch	1993
inception	Nou 24 (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈnɔw ˌvintiˈkwatɾe)) was the third channel launched by Ràdio Televisió Valenciana on 3 February 2009, under the name ``24/9''.	Nou 24	2009
inception	The Société Marseillaise de Crédit was created in 1865 by Joseph Grandval, Victor Roux, Albert Rostand and Armand Bergasse.	Société Marseillaise de Crédit	1865
inception	Iceland's own defense of its territorial waters began around 1920 and the Icelandic Coast Guard was formally founded on July 1, 1926.	Icelandic Coast Guard	1920
inception	Street Pastors was founded in Brixton, south London, UK in 2003 by Rev. Les Isaac.	Street Pastors	2003
inception	McAlister's Deli is a chain of fast casual restaurants founded in 1989 in Oxford, Mississippi by retired dentist Dr. Don Newcomb.	McAlister's Deli	1989
inception	Bigger Picture Music Group, formerly Big Picture Music Group, was an independent record label based in Nashville, Tennessee founded in 2008.	Bigger Picture Music Group	2008
inception	Vibronics are a reggae collective, based in Leicester, England, starting in 1995.	Vibronics	1995
inception	Yothu Yindi (Yolngu for ``child and mother'') were an Australian musical group with Aboriginal and balanda (non-Aboriginal) members, formed in 1986 as a merger of two bands formed in 1985 - a White rock group called the Swamp Jockeys and an unnamed Aboriginal folk group.	Yothu Yindi	1986
inception	Advanced Telecommunication Modules Ltd (ATML) was set up in 1993 by Dr Hermann Hauser and Professor Andy Hopper as a spin-off from the Olivetti Research Laboratory in Cambridge.	Advanced Telecommunication Modules Ltd	1993
inception	Omi International Arts Center was founded in 1992 by Francis Greenburger, a New York real estate developer, who serves as chairman of Art Omi, Inc., the residency's parent foundation.	Omi International Arts Center	1992
inception	Founded in 2005, the European Society of Radiology (ESR) is dedicated to promoting and coordinating the scientific, philanthropic, intellectual and professional activities of radiology in all European countries.	European Society of Radiology	2005
inception	The Pannonia Cup is an annual field hockey competition held between the national teams of Croatia, Hungary, Slovakia and Slovenia since 1993.	Pannonia Cup	1993
inception	The Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) began in 1955 as one of the first publicly funded cooperative groups to perform multi-center clinical trials for cancer research.	Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group	1955
inception	The club was founded in 2010 as Sumgayit FK.	Sumgayit FK	2010
inception	Brepols (history) Brepols (history) Roland Baetens (Ed.), Harry de Kok, Pierre Delsaerdt, Gerrit de Vijlder and Ludo Simons, Brepols drukkers en uitgevers 1796-1996, Brepols, 1996.	Brepols	1796
inception	Pro Juventute is a charitable foundation in Switzerland established in 1912.	Pro Juventute	1912
inception	Four Loko, the company's most popular beverage, debuted in the United States market in 2005 and is available in 48 states, and in Canada, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas, Peru, Mexico, Bolivia, Honduras, and Europe.	Four Loko	2005
inception	Sandecja Nowy Sącz is a Polish association football club formed in 1910, its first chairman was Józef Damse.	Sandecja Nowy Sącz	1910
inception	Post Bank of Iran was formally established in 2006.	Post Bank of Iran	2006
inception	``Deutsche Leasing GmbH'', Germany's first leasing company, was entered in the Commercial Register in Düsseldorf in 1962.	Deutsche Leasing	1962
inception	The organization preceding ZAKA started when a group of volunteers under the leadership of Rabbi Elazar Gelbstein gathered to assist in the recovery of human remains from a terrorist attack on bus line 405 in Israel in 1989.	ZAKA	1989
inception	The FIM eRoad Racing World Cup was a championship of electric motorcycle road racing, organised by the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM) and was only held in this form in 2013.	FIM eRoad Racing World Cup	2013
inception	The Dutch Gold Coast or Dutch Guinea, officially Dutch possessions on the Coast of Guinea (Dutch: Nederlandse Bezittingen ter Kuste van Guinea) was a portion of contemporary Ghana that was gradually colonized by the Dutch, beginning in 1598.	Dutch Gold Coast	1598
inception	The Philadelphia Phillies annual franchise awards have been given since 2004 by the Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers Association of America to four members of the Philadelphia Phillies franchise for ``season-ending achievements.''	Philadelphia Phillies annual franchise awards	2004
inception	First Book is a nonprofit social enterprise founded in 1992 that provides new books and educational resources to children from low-income families.	First Book	1992
inception	Fen TV (Bulgarian: Фен ТВ) is a Bulgarian music television channel, which launched on 12 November 2003.	Fen TV	2003
inception	Hi Suhyun (Korean: 하이 수현) is a South Korean duo formed by Lee Hi and Lee Suhyun from Akdong Musician in 2014.	Hi Suhyun	2014
inception	The Ottawa International Film Festival (OIFF) is an Ottawa-based, publicly attended film festival that held its first annual competition in 2010.	Ottawa International Film Festival	2010
inception	Tokio Hotel is a German pop-rock / alternative rock band, founded in 2001 by singer Bill Kaulitz, guitarist Tom Kaulitz, drummer Gustav Schäfer, and bassist Georg Listing.	Tokio Hotel	2001
inception	TV O Povo went on air in July 2007, only rebroadcasting TV Cultura programming from São Paulo.	TV O Povo	2007
inception	The Business Continuity Institute (BCI) was established in 1994 to enable individual members to obtain guidance and support from fellow business continuity practitioners.	Business Continuity Institute	1994
inception	Initially formed in 2004, it was in May 2010 that the formation of Soen was announced.	Soen	2010
inception	Pike County Central High School is the result of a consolidation, which brought together the former Johns Creek High School and Mullins High School in 1993.	Pike County Central High School	1993
inception	Tornado Luxembourg debuted in the 1987-88 season, and played in the Rheinland-Palatinat Liga, a German regional league, which they won.	Tornado Luxembourg	1987
inception	CoCo and the Butterfields are a Fip Fok band, a genre combining Folk, Pop and Hip Hop, from Canterbury, Kent, which formed in 2011.	CoCo and the Butterfields	2011
inception	FarSight Studios (formerly Farsight Technologies) is an American video game developer established in 1988 by Jay Obernolte.	FarSight Studios	1988
inception	Attack Attack! was an American metalcore band from Westerville, Ohio, United States, formed in 2007 originally as Ambiance, later changing their name.	Attack Attack!	2007
inception	Founded on July 11, 1992 in the Aegean city of İzmir, the main fields of study that can be accessed at the İzmir Institute of Technology are science and technology.	İzmir Institute of Technology	1992
inception	In 2007 SwordLord Productions announced the first ever Flight of the Valkyries metal festival - dedicated to metal bands with female lead vocalists.	Flight of the Valkyries	2007
inception	The SBS World News Channel was an Australian television channel broadcast by SBS Television that launched on 12 June 2002.	SBS World News Channel	2002
inception	Bicester Avenue Home and Garden Centre is a shopping centre in Bicester, Oxfordshire that opened in May 2007.	Bicester Avenue	2007
inception	Ealing Independent College was founded in 1992, and started out as Ealing Tutorial College.	Ealing Independent College	1992
inception	The American College of Medical Toxicology is a professional association of medical toxicologists that was founded in 1993.	American College of Medical Toxicology	1993
inception	The Kingdom of Hawaii was established in 1795 with the unification of the independent islands of Hawaiʻi, Oʻahu, Maui, Molokaʻi, and Lānaʻi into one government.	Kingdom of Hawaii	1795
inception	Rocketboy was an American Christian rock band formed in Covington, Georgia, in 1993.	Rocketboy	1993
inception	Euroscript was set up in 1995 by The London Screenwriters' Workshop (later known as the Screenwriters'' Workshop) with the aim of improving the quality of film scripts going into production in Europe.	Euroscript	1995
inception	Novemberkåsan is one of Sweden's oldest (started in 1915) and biggest motorcycle events.	Novemberkåsan	1915
inception	Compass Records is a Nashville-based independent record label founded in 1995 by musicians Garry West and Alison Brown.	Compass Records	1995
inception	Shasa is a multinational fast fashion retailer established in 1995.	Shasa	1995
inception	The Jim McKay Turf Sprint was first run in 2006 as the Baltimore Breeders' Cup Turf Sprint.	Jim McKay Turf Sprint	2006
inception	University of the Rockies was founded on June 18, 1998 as the Colorado School of Professional Psychology (COSPP) in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	University of the Rockies	1998
inception	The Freedom Road Socialist Organization (FRSO) was formed in 1985 as many of the Maoist-oriented groups formed in the United States New Communist Movement of the 1970s were shrinking or collapsing.	Freedom Road Socialist Organization	1985
inception	The Yamaha Music Foundation is an organization established in 1966 by the authority of the Japanese Ministry of Education for the purpose of promoting music education and music popularization.	Yamaha Music Foundation	1966
inception	The British Academy of Northern Cyprus (BA) (formally Sunny Lane School) founded by Mark & Hayran Unwin in 2001, was the first School to offer the English National Curriculum in Northern Cyprus.	The British Academy of Northern Cyprus	2001
inception	Alluvial Wall is an outdoor 2001 sculpture by Peter Nylen and the architectural firm Rigga located along the Eastbank Esplanade in Portland, Oregon.	Alluvial Wall	2001
inception	The Scottish Meteorological Society was founded in 1855 with private funding, particularly from wealthy landowners who wished to compile meteorological records in order to improve agriculture.	Scottish Meteorological Society	1855
inception	Democratic Alliance for Egypt, or Democratic Alliance, was a coalition of political parties in Egypt, formed in the wake of the 2011 Egyptian Revolution.	Democratic Alliance for Egypt	2011
inception	SinemArt is an Indonesian production house founded in 2003 by Leo Sutanto, Sentot Sahid, Heru Hendriarto and Lala Hamid.	SinemArt	2003
inception	The Recorder of New York City was a municipal officer of New York City from 1683 until 1907.	Recorder of New York City	1683
inception	The Neverclaim released three independent albums starting with 2007's I Became Low on Break of Day, 2010's Quietdown on Come&Live! and 2012's Revival with Vineyard Worship and Come&Live! labels.	The Neverclaim	2007
inception	The Montenegrin Navy was established in 2006 following the secession of Montenegro from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro.	Montenegrin Navy	2006
inception	The International Music Feed was a music channel launched in 2005 broadcasting in the United States.	International Music Feed	2005
inception	The Count & Sinden is an electronic music production duo from London formed in 2006 consisting of Joshua ``Hervé'' Harvey (a.k.a. The Count, formerly The Count of Monte Cristal) and Graeme Sinden (simply known as Sinden).	The Count & Sinden	2006
inception	AlliedSignal was an American aerospace, automotive and engineering company created through the 1985 merger of Allied Corp. and Signal Companies.	AlliedSignal	1985
inception	Novair was established and started operations in November 1997 with services from Stockholm to Phuket, Thailand and the Canary Islands of Spain on behalf of Apollo, a Swedish travel agency.	Novair	1997
inception	The Royal Swedish Navy Cadet Band is a symphonic wind band with military traditions, and was created in 2002 as a non profit organization in cooperation with the Swedish Armed Forces Music Centre and the Royal Swedish Navy Band.	Royal Swedish Navy Cadet Band	2002
inception	Initially developed in the Midlands in 2003, the Gourmet Society was the UK's first national diners' club.	Gourmet Society	2003
inception	Archizoom Associati was a design studio from Florence, Italy founded in 1966.	Archizoom Associati	1966
inception	Entagen is an American software company founded in 2008 by Christopher Bouton.	Entagen	2008
inception	ANHAD (Act Now for Harmony and Democracy) is an Indian socio-cultural organization established in March 2003, as a response to 2002 Gujarat riots.	ANHAD	2003
inception	In 1983, it was renamed from C with Classes to C++ (``++'' being the increment operator in C).	C++	1983
inception	Diema Vision was founded on 15 May 1999 by Emil Slavchev, Anatoli Belchev and Asen Radulov.	Diema	1999
inception	Ein Harod (Hebrew: עֵין חֲרוֹד) was a kibbutz in Israel between 1921 and 1952, when it split into Ein Harod (Ihud) and Ein Harod (Meuhad).	Ein Harod	1921
inception	Benedict International Education Group was formed in 1928 by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor at the University of Southern California.	Benedict International Education Group	1928
inception	To My Surprise was an American experimental rock band formed in 2002 in Des Moines, Iowa.	To My Surprise	2002
inception	Martyrs' Park Station (Chinese: 烈士陵园站) is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 28 June 1997.	Martyrs' Park Station	1997
inception	Zalvia is an alternative rock/folk rock band, from Mexico City, Mexico, formed in 2008 by friends Antonio Torres (lead vocals, guitars), Yonatán Barrueta (guitars), Miguel Rincón (drums), Omar Mundo (bass) and Marco Antonio Villanueva (saxophone).	Zalvia	2008
inception	BroadbandTV Corp is a global media company and smart broadcaster founded by CEO Shahrzad Rafati in 2005.	BroadbandTV Corp	2005
inception	TINGeLING (established 1997 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz band, initiated by vocalist Eldbjørg Raknes.	TINGeLING	1997
inception	Founded in 1952, Northeast Forestry University (NEFU) was formed by the combination of both Zhejiang University and Forestry Department of Northeast Agricultural College, and one of the three oldest institutions for forestry education and research all over the country.	Northeast Forestry University	1952
inception	Maritime Archaeology Sea Trust (MAST) is a charitable trust founded in February 2011, which focuses on investigations into the maritime heritage of the United Kingdom and further afield, through historical and archaeological investigations.	Maritime Archaeology Sea Trust	2011
inception	The Hong Kong Study Circle was founded in 1951 to record and circulate information on the postage stamps and postal history of Hong Kong and the Treaty ports.	Hong Kong Study Circle	1951
inception	National Art Glass Gallery is located at the Wagga Wagga Civic Centre which started collecting studio glass in 1979 under the name Wagga Wagga Art Gallery but was changed to its current name to recognise the galley's national significance.	National Art Glass Gallery	1979
inception	Big Ant Studios is an Australian video game development studio founded by CEO Ross Symons in 2001.	Big Ant Studios	2001
inception	The Thai World Hockey League was founded by the American Scott Whitcomb and the Canadian Scott Murray in the year 2003, who both were players of the Flying Farangs, a Thailand-based team of foreign ice hockey players who compete in club tournaments around Asia.	Thai World Hockey League	2003
inception	Nomad Foods was founded on 1 April 2014 as an investment vehicle without operational business by Noam Gottesman and Martin E. Franklin.	Nomad Foods	1 April 2014
inception	The Republic of South Maluku (Indonesian: Republik Maluku Selatan, (RMS) Dutch: Republiek der Zuid-Molukken), also known as the Republic of the South Moluccas, was a self-proclaimed republic in the Maluku Islands founded on 25 April 1950.	Republic of South Maluku	1950
inception	Farhangsara Metro Station is the eastern end of Tehran Metro Line 2, and was opened in 2010, with Mohammad-Bagher Ghalibaf attending the inauguration.	Farhangsara Metro Station	2010
inception	Teenage Time Killers is a rock supergroup formed in February 2014 by My Ruin guitarist Mick Murphy and Corrosion of Conformity drummer Reed Mullin.	Teenage Time Killers	2014
inception	Fritz Hansen was founded in 1872, when Fritz Hansen, a Danish carpenter, founded his own furniture company and in 1915 introduced his first chair in steam bent wood.	Fritz Hansen	1872
inception	Sounds from the Ground (SFTG) is an English electronic music duo formed in 1995.	Sounds from the Ground	1995
inception	No Atlas were an English progressive-indie band from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, formed in 2013.	No Atlas	2013
inception	Big Life was a record label established in 1987 by Jazz Summers and Tim Parry.	Big Life	1987
inception	The Joint Force Training Centre, started on March 31, 2004, focuses on joint and combined training at the tactical level.	Joint Force Training Centre	2004
inception	Nomos Center was established in November, 2003 as independent NGO, the goal of which is taking part and support programs and projects of political analysis and strategic researches in the field of general security, information spreading about the European and euroatlantic integration processes.	Nomos Center	2003
inception	Adornis.com, Inc. was an online jewelry retailer launched by Irish entrepreneur Declan Ganley with co-founder Sean Ganley, brother of Declan, in 1999, part of the dot-com boom of the 90's.	Adornis.com	1999
inception	The Boston Association for Childbirth Education (BACE) was established in 1953 by students of Jean Whiffen.	Boston Association for Childbirth Education	1953
inception	Antena 3 Canarias was a Spanish television channel broadcasts to the Canary Islands and in Spanish, launched in 2008.	Antena 3 Canarias	2008
inception	The Logic Factory is an award-winning video game development company founded by Jason and Todd Templeman in 1993.	The Logic Factory	1993
inception	The Escola de Economia de São Paulo (São Paulo School of Economics -- EESP) is a Brazilian private economics higher education institution founded in April, 2003 in São Paulo by the Fundação Getúlio Vargas.	Escola de Economia de São Paulo	2003
inception	Founded as Wilhelmina in 1908, the club changed its name to SC Feijenoord in 1912, SC Feyenoord in 1974, and Feyenoord Rotterdam in 1978, when SC Feyenoord became a separate amateur team.	Feyenoord	1908
inception	The Kingdom of Nepal (Nepali: नेपाल अधिराज्य), also known as the Kingdom of Gorkha (Nepali: गोर्खा अधिराज्य), was a kingdom formed in 1768 by the unification of Nepal.	Kingdom of Nepal	1768
inception	The Organisation Internationale des Constructeurs d'Automobiles, commonly abbreviated OICA (English: International Organization of Motor Vehicle Manufacturers), is a federation of automobile manufacturers, based in Paris, founded in 1919.	Organisation Internationale des Constructeurs d'Automobiles	1919
inception	Zveri was formed in mid-2002 by Roman Bilyk, the lead singer of the band, better known as Roma Zver'.	Zveri	2002
inception	Seeker & Servant are an American worship band from Jackson, Mississippi, where the trio started making music in 2012, while they play CEDM, CCM, and Christian rock styles of music.	Seeker & Servant	2012
inception	Vanderveen is a rock band from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, founded in 2003 by songwriters Matt Thomas and Phil Bockstael.	Vanderveen	2003
inception	Dark Lotus made its debut with the single ``Echoside,'' which was originally intended for the group's debut, but released on Insane Clown Posse's 1999 album The Amazing Jeckel Brothers instead, because the Dark Lotus album's production took longer than expected.	Dark Lotus	1999
inception	Bel Tempo was formed in 1986 in Belgrade by brother and sister Vladimir ``Vlada'' Petričević (guitar, keyboards, vocals) and Suzana Petričević (vocals).	Bel Tempo	1986
inception	Adelaide Bank was established on 1 January 1994 from the Co-operative Building Society of South Australia Limited, which was Australia's largest building society as a result of a merger with the Hindmarsh Building Society.	Adelaide Bank	1994
inception	Manchester Valley High School was designed by Grimm and Parker Architects and opened for students in August 2009 relieving overcrowding at nearby North Carroll High School in Hampstead, Maryland.	Manchester Valley High School	2009
inception	BINA Istra is a Croatian joint stock company founded in 1995 to facilitate construction and subsequent management of an Istrian Y motorway, consisting of the A8 motorway and the A9 motorway.	BINA Istra	1995
inception	Since the company's beginnings in 1950, Gorenje has expanded into a multinational corporation and the Gorenje Group currently includes 83 companies, 59 of which are located outside Slovenia.	Gorenje	1950
inception	Aquidauana was founded on 15 August 1892 by a local committee including several leading colonels and farmers.	Aquidauana	1892
inception	Marfin Investment Group (also known as MIG) is a Greek investment company created in 1998 as Marfin Α.Ε.Π.Ε.Υ..	Marfin Investment Group	1998
inception	The European Association for Japanese Studies (EAJS or ヨーロッパ日本研究協会 ヨーロッパにほんけんきゅうきょうかい) was established in 1973 by European scholars in order to facilitate academic exchange in the field of Japanese studies within Europe.	European Association for Japanese Studies	1973
inception	Lyon's was founded in San Francisco in about 1952.	Lyon's	1952
inception	The San Francisco Baking Institute (SFBI) is a private, unaccredited culinary school in South San Francisco, California founded by Michel Suas and his wife Evelyne Suas in 1996.	San Francisco Baking Institute	1996
inception	The Academy for Gifted Children, also known as P.A.C.E. (Programming for Academic and Creative Excellence), was founded in 1993 by former Earl Haig Secondary School teachers Dennis Reynolds & Barbara Rosenberg, and has increased in admission since its inception.	Academy for Gifted Children	1993
inception	The University American College Skopje (UACS) is a university established in 2005 in the Republic of Macedonia.	University American College Skopje	2005
inception	Happy Face Entertainment (Hangul: 해피페이스 엔터테인먼트) is a South Korean entertainment agency established by Ahn Myung-won and Kim Young-deuk, more known as the music production duo E-Tribe, on August 15, 2008.	Happy Face Entertainment	2008
inception	Sci-Fi-London (The London International Festival of Science Fiction and Fantastic Film, SFL), is a UK-based film festival, dedicated to the science fiction and fantasy genres, which began in 2002.	Sci-Fi-London	2002
inception	The Anglian Water Authority was formed by the Water Act 1973 as one of ten regional water authorities which took over statutory and local authority owned water supply and waste water (sewage) undertakings.	Anglian Water	1973
inception	The Lowest of the Low is a Canadian alternative rock group formed in 1991 from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Lowest of the Low	1991
inception	The Continental Drifters were an American rock band, formed in Los Angeles, California in 1991 and dissolved in New Orleans, Louisiana about a decade later.	Continental Drifters	1991
inception	Association française pour le nommage Internet en coopération (AFNIC) is a non-profit corporation that was created in December 1997 in order to operate a number of French country code top-level domain names such as .	Association française pour le nommage Internet en coopération	1997
inception	The Northern Yuan dynasty, or simply the Northern Yuan, refers to the Mongol regime based in Mongolia homeland after the fall of the Yuan dynasty in China in 1368, until the emergence of the Qing dynasty founded by the Manchus in the 17th century.	Northern Yuan dynasty	1368
inception	The American College of Nutrition was founded in 1959 with the stated purpose of enhancing nutrition and metabolism knowledge among physicians and professionals from all disciplines with a common interest in nutrition, and to promote the application of such knowledge to the maintenance of health and treatment of disease.	American College of Nutrition	1959
inception	Antonine College was formed in 2005 by the amalgamation of the Antonine Sisters Maronite Primary School, established in 1998, and the Antonine Sisters Trinity Maronite Catholic College established in 2002 which originally catered for students from Prep to Year 10.	Antonine College	2002
inception	350.org takes its name from the research of Goddard Institute for Space Studies scientist James E. Hansen, who posited in a 2007 paper that 350 parts-per-million (ppm) of CO2 in the atmosphere is a safe upper limit to avoid a climate tipping point.	350.org	2007
inception	The Hellenic Open University was founded in 1992 in Patras, but remained defunct until 1997 at which time legislation was enacted (Act 2552/97) regarding its operation.	Hellenic Open University	1992
inception	The Heckscher Museum of Art is named after its benefactor, August Heckscher, who in 1920 donated 185 works of art to be housed in a new Beaux-Arts building located in Heckscher Park, in Huntington, New York.	Heckscher Museum of Art	1920
inception	Sup'Internet is a private French school created in September 2011 and located at Paris.	Sup'Internet	2011
inception	Founded in 2004 by Palestinian diaspora filmmaker Hazim M. Bitar, The Jordan Short Film Festival (JSFF) started as a short film cinema week to provide film aficionados in Jordan with an opportunity to screen Jordanian short films produced by the Amman Filmmakers Cooperative (AFC) and other Jordanian and Palestinian indie filmmakers.	Jordan Short Film Festival	2004
inception	The Receiving End of Sirens was a rock band from Belchertown, Massachusetts, formed in 2003.	The Receiving End of Sirens	2003
inception	MarketTools was an internet-based market research company founded in 1997 that was acquired by MetrixLab in 2012 and now does business under the MetrixLab name.	MarketTools	1997
inception	Phoenix Seminary is an Inter/Multidenominational, evangelical, Protestant, Christian seminary established in 1987 in Phoenix, Arizona.	Phoenix Seminary	1987
inception	Color Climax Corporation (CCC) began in 1967 with the publication of the porn magazine ColorClimax, despite pornography being illegal in Denmark until 1969.	Color Climax Corporation	1967
inception	The Southwest Asia Service Medal (SASM) is a military award of the United States Armed Forces which was created by order of President George H.W. Bush on March 12, 1991.	Southwest Asia Service Medal	1991
inception	Shakespeare Squared was co-founded in 2003 by Kim and Jay Kleeman.	Shakespeare Squared	2003
inception	Pennies for Peace was originally founded in 1995 as ``Pennies for Pakistan''.	Pennies for Peace	1995
inception	The concept for VitaPerk's powdered coffee supplement began in January 2010 as an attempted convergence of the coffee and nutritional supplement industries.	VitaPerk	2010
inception	Dushanbe Zoo or Dushanbe Zoological Park was founded in 1960 in Dushanbe, Tajikistan.	Dushanbe Zoo	1960
inception	Vizion Plus is a satellite frequency, private television station founded in 1999 in Tirana, Albania, part of Edil-Al construction group and WAZ-Mediengruppe.	Vizion Plus	1999
inception	Roomful of Teeth is a vocal ensemble founded in 2009 by Brad Wells.	Roomful of Teeth	2009
inception	The Adelaide Casino opened in December 1985, the casino licence being held by the (State-owned) Lotteries Commission which appointed Aitco Pty Ltd to establish and operate a casino on its behalf.	Adelaide Casino	1985
inception	The Remingtons were founded in 1991 by singers Jimmy Griffin, Richard Mainegra and Rick Yancey.	The Remingtons	1991
inception	Appenzell became independent of the Abbey of St. Gallen in 1403 and entered a league with the Old Swiss Confederacy in 1411, becoming a full member in 1513.	Appenzell	1403
inception	Frontier Communications Northwest was founded in 1964 as the General Telephone Company of the Northwest, Inc. and later became GTE Northwest, Incorporated GTE Northwest originally served Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington.	Frontier Communications Northwest	1964
inception	The company was formed in 1985 as Atlantic Air Transport and was renamed RVL Aviation in April 2007 when parts of the former Air Atlantique Group became independent businesses.	RVL Aviation	1985
inception	Linjeflyg was formed in 1957 as a Swedish domestic airline by Swedish airlines Scandinavian Airlines System and Airtaco as well as by newspaper publishers Dagens Nyheter AB and Stockholms-Tidningen AB.	Linjeflyg	1957
inception	Anal Cunt, also known as AxCx and A.C., was an American grindcore band that formed in Newton, Massachusetts in 1988.	Anal Cunt	1988
inception	The Aerobics and Fitness Association of America (AFAA) is a fitness education company that was established in 1983, and operates out of Sherman Oaks, California.	Aerobics and Fitness Association of America	1983
inception	Portal Software was founded in 1985 as Portal Information Network, one of the first ISPs in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Portal Software	1985
inception	State of Negation was formed in the summer of 2010 as just a fun project consisting of Casper Leijen, Mike van Bekkum, Pim Nijssen, Tristan Jacobs and Sang-Jae Kouwenberg.	State of Negation	2010
inception	The company was founded by Dieter Manz as the GmbH Manz Automatisierungstechnik in 1987.	Manz	1987
inception	Finally in 2010, BC Research Inc., BCRI, opened again for business in its new research facilities in Burnaby, B.C. Their board of directors is composed of Kemetco and NORAM Engineering and Constructors Ltd business and technology leaders.	BC Research Inc	2010
inception	In 2008, Protect Your Bubble launched in the UK.	Protect Your Bubble	2008
inception	Jotdog (stylized as JotDog) is a Mexican pop band formed in Mexico City in 2009.	Jotdog	2009
inception	The Melbourne Cabaret Festival is a not-for-profit cabaret festival that has been held each year since 2010 in the city of Melbourne in Australia and that by 2013 had grown to become the world's second-largest event of its kind.	Melbourne Cabaret Festival	2010
inception	Eenie Meenie Records is a Los Angeles--based independent record label founded in 1999 that specializes in signing indie pop, indie rock and electronica artists, such as From Bubblegum to Sky, Irving, Oranger, Great Northern, Blue-eyed son, Wallpaper.	Eenie Meenie Records	1999
inception	Island Pacific Energy was founded in 2007 as a solar energy provider.	Island Pacific Energy	2007
inception	Ms. JD was created in 2006, by women law students from 12 law schools from around the United States.	Ms. JD	2006
inception	Inductive Automation introduced the server-centric architecture for SCADA systems with FactorySQL and FactoryPMI in 2003.	Inductive Automation	2003
inception	Allied Grain (owned by Associated British Foods - ABF) and Banks Cargill Agriculture merged in April 2005 to form Frontier Agriculture.	Frontier Agriculture	2005
inception	Thrissur Zoo or State Museum & Zoo, Thrissur (formerly the Trichur Zoo) is a 13.5-acre (5.5 ha) zoo that opened in 1885 in the heart of Thrissur City, Kerala, India.	Thrissur Zoo	1885
inception	GoodData was founded in 2007 by entrepreneur Roman Stanek.	GoodData	2007
inception	Polar Music is a Swedish record company founded in 1963 by Stig Anderson and his friend Bengt Bernhag.	Polar Music	1963
inception	The World Jewish Congress was established in Geneva, Switzerland in August, 1936, in reaction to the rise of Nazism and the growing wave of European anti-Semitism.	World Jewish Congress	August, 1936
inception	Living Direct, previously known as Richlund Ventures, was founded in 1999 by entrepreneur Rick Lundbom, who decided to implement his knowledge and previous experience to bring to the market hard-to-find appliances for modern, small-space living.	Living Direct	1999
inception	Sprung Monkey is an American band that originated in San Diego, California, USA, initially active from 1991 to 2002, and again since 2005.	Sprung Monkey	1991
inception	Bioversity International was originally established by the CGIAR as the International Board for Plant Genetic Resources (IBPGR) in 1974.	Bioversity International	1974
inception	In 1663 (or 1597, according to another account), the Tsar built a wooden fortress on the spot of today's Skopin, which would become a part of the defense system on the southeast of the Grand Duchy of Moscow.	Skopin	1597
inception	Established in 1984, Island Press generates about half of its revenue through sales and half through donations by organizations and individuals.	Island Press	1984
inception	Shoghakat TV company was founded in 1998 in Yerevan, Armenia, on the initiative of Catholicos Karekin II (at that time Archbishop Karekin Nersessian, Vicar General of the Araratian Pontifical Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church).	Shoghakat TV	1998
inception	The Kosovo Basketball Superleague (Albanian: Superliga e Kosovës në Basketboll) is the top men's professional basketball league in Kosovo, Basketball Superleague was founded in 1991, it is run by the Basketball Federation of Kosovo.	Kosovo Basketball Superleague	1991
inception	N-Train debuted with a mid-tempo ballad song, ``울면서 울어 (One Last Cry)'', on May 27, 2011.	N-Train	2011
inception	Les Innocents is a French rock/pop band, a duet composed of Jean-Philippe Nataf (nicknamed Jipé, vocals, guitar) and Jean-Christophe Urbain (nicknamed Jean-Chri, vocals, guitar, keyboards) from 1982 to 1999, then 2013 onwards.	Les Innocents	1982
inception	After a referendum in 1991 where 98% of the population voted in favor of political autonomy for the area, Holambra gained city status in January 1993.	Holambra	1993
inception	In 2011, the former Oxfordshire Record Office and Oxfordshire Studies services were merged into one comprehensive history service and renamed Oxfordshire History Centre.	Oxfordshire History Centre	2011
inception	Anglo Singapore International School ( Thai: โรงเรียนนานาชาติแองโกลสิงคโปร์) is an International School in Phra Khanong District, Bangkok, Thailand established in 2003 that provides an education based on Singapore Curriculum Framework leading to the Cambridge IGCSE.	Anglo Singapore International School	2003
inception	Prime Computer, Inc. was a Natick, Massachusetts-based producer of minicomputers from 1972 until 1992.	Prime Computer	1972
inception	By 1914, Horace had created the new four-cylinder Dodge Model 30.	Dodge	1914
inception	Consequently, on 28 February 1914, the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus was declared in Gjirokastër (gr. Argyrókastron) and a provisional government, with Christakis-Zografos as president, formed to support the state's objectives.	Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus	28 February 1914
inception	Syn Sophia, Inc., formerly AKI Corporation, is an independent video game development studio located in Kichijōji, Tokyo, Japan founded on June 19, 1995.	Syn Sophia	1995
inception	Polyarnye Zori was founded in 1968 as a settlement for workers of the electric power industry due to the construction of the Kola Nuclear Power Plant.	Polyarnye Zori	1968
inception	Gold Robot Records is an Oakland-based boutique vinyl record label, formed in 2007 and specializing in vinyl and digital releases.	Gold Robot Records	2007
inception	ISM University of Management and Economics was established in Kaunas in 1999 as the first privately owned institution of management education in Lithuania.	ISM University of Management and Economics	1999
inception	Age of Silence is a Norwegian avant-garde progressive metal band formed in 2004 by Andy Winter of Winds.	Age of Silence	2004
inception	The Immigrant Party (Norwegian: Innvandrerpartiet) is a Norwegian multicultural immigrant's interests political party which was founded on 3 September 2006 in Oslo.	Immigrant Party	2006
inception	Hearts of Saints is an American contemporary Christian alternative rock worship band, while they were formerly known as, Special D. They come from Hopkinsville, Kentucky, where the band started making music in 2005, and their frontman is Craig Felker.	Hearts of Saints	2005
inception	Libertarianz was founded in late 1995 by Ian Fraser, who served as the party's first leader.	Libertarianz	1995
inception	The Ruins of Athens (Die Ruinen von Athen), Opus 113, is a set of incidental music pieces written in 1811 by Ludwig van Beethoven.	The Ruins of Athens	1811
inception	The Bonn-Rhein-Sieg University of Applied Sciences was founded on 1 January 1995 by the German Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Bonn-Rhein-Sieg University of Applied Sciences	1995
inception	The Cast of Cheers were formed in 2009 in Dublin, Ireland, by lead vocalist Conor Adams and bassist John Higgins, who recruited Kevin Curran on drums and, after the recording of their début album, they asked Conor's brother, Neil Adams, to play guitar live.	The Cast of Cheers	2009
inception	Flightside were a UK-based lo-fi post-grunge band formed in Uxbridge, England in 1992.	Flightside	1992
inception	The Silver State Legacy is a team of the Women's Football Alliance that began play in 2011.	Silver State Legacy	2011
inception	The United Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer formed in 1934 at the break-up of United Aircraft and Transport Corporation.	United Aircraft	1934
inception	On 29 August 1930, the university was renamed as Moscow Aviation Institute.	Moscow Aviation Institute	29 August 1930
inception	The Qasr Al-Eini Museum's first phase of building opened in 1998, and a further section opened in 1999.	Qasr Al-Eini Museum	1998
inception	Before Greyton was established in 1854, the verdant plains and forested ravines of the area were home to the Hassequas khoikhoi tribe who had their kraals near the Gobos river, which they named after their ancestral chief.	Greyton	1854
inception	Keep It to Yourself -- 1999 MullMuzzler 2 -- 2001 Elements of Persuasion - 2005 Prime Cuts - 2008 Static Impulse - 2010 Impermanent Resonance - 2013 I Will Not Break - 2014	MullMuzzler	1999
inception	The Democratic Party of Namibia is a political party in Namibia, launched in July 2008 at Keetmanshoop.	Democratic Party of Namibia	2008
inception	The Office of the Public Guardian (OPG) in Scotland, is a public body based in Falkirk as part of the Scottish Court Service, established in April 2001 following the passing of the Adults with Incapacity (Scotland) Act 2000.	Office of the Public Guardian	2001
inception	The National Association of State Credit Union Supervisors (NASCUS) is an organization that was formed in 1965 to serve as the primary resource and voice of the state governmental agencies that charter, regulate and examine the nation's state-chartered credit unions.	National Association of State Credit Union Supervisors	1965
inception	TVP Historia is a public, history channel available on cable, satellite and DSL, It was launched on May 2007.	TVP Historia	2007
inception	Benchmark Recordings is a record label that was founded in 2002 by music industry veterans Bill Coben and Denny Bruce.	Benchmark Recordings	2002
inception	Azarbaijan Shahid Madani University, (Persian: دانشگاه شهید مدنی آذربایجان‎‎) commonly called only Azerbaijan University, is a public university located near Tabriz, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran, founded in 1987.	Azarbaijan Shahid Madani University	1987
inception	Vintage Books is a publishing imprint established in 1954 by Alfred A. Knopf.	Vintage Books	1954
inception	Grassroot Diplomat is a UK-based non-profit, non-political, diplomatic consultancy established in 2011.	Grassroot Diplomat	2011
inception	Discovery Laboratories, Inc (NASDAQ:DSCO) is an American company which was set up in 1992 and now is based in Warrington, Pennsylvania, developing drug products (pulmonary medicine) for patients with respiratory disease.	Discovery Laboratories	1992
inception	Joe E. Newsome High School is a public high school that was established in 2003 on Fishhawk Boulevard in Lithia, Florida, USA.	Joe E. Newsome High School	2003
inception	LeftWord Books was founded in 1999 as the publishing division of Naya Rasta Publishers Private Limited.	LeftWord Books	1999
inception	VTech was founded in Hong Kong in October 1976 by two local entrepreneurs, Allan Wong and Stephen Leung.	VTech	1976
inception	Solar Cookers International (SCI) is a U.S. based non-profit advocacy group in Sacramento, California, founded by a group of people in 1987 and incorporated on January 6, 1988.	Solar Cookers International	1987
inception	The first DoubleTree hotel opened in Scottsdale, Arizona, in 1969.	DoubleTree	1969
inception	Barcelona en Comú (Catalan for Barcelona in Common) is a citizen platform launched in June 2014 that is currently governing in minority in the City of Barcelona.	Barcelona en Comú	2014
inception	Burt's Bees originated in Maine in 1984 as a candle making partnership between Roxanne Quimby and Burt Shavitz.	Burt's Bees	1984
inception	The Ayurvedic Trust (AVT), founded in 1950, is a health-related trust in India.	The Ayurvedic Trust	1950
inception	Pillai had previously been a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party, but formed Kerala Janapaksham in 2007.	Kerala Janapaksham	2007
inception	Netter Digital Entertainment (NDE) was a company created by Douglas Netter in 1995.	Netter Digital	1995
inception	Webers Circus is an Australian travelling circus founded by Natalie and Rudy (Rüdiger) Weber in 2007 after dissolving a partnership of 13 years with Rudy's brother Harry who still runs the Weber Bros Circus in New Zealand.	Webers Circus	2007
inception	The Roper-Corbet was an English automobile manufactured from 1911 until 1913 and sold by the London and Parisian Motor Co Ltd. Its maker is not known.	Roper-Corbet	1911
inception	Having started in 1984 in collaboration with Richard Stallman prior to his founding of the GNU project, GNU Chess became one of the first parts of GNU.	GNU Chess	1984
inception	Les Horribles Cernettes was founded in 1990 by Michele de Gennaro, a graphic designer at CERN, whose romantic relationship with a physicist was made difficult by his numerous shifts.	Les Horribles Cernettes	1990
inception	Diamantbollen was established in 1990 and was given out in cooperations between SvFF and magazine network until 2000.	Diamantbollen	1990
inception	Kemry Hughes helped found the Umoja Party in December 1993, and the District of Columbia Board of Elections and Ethics approved its name on February 2, 1994.	Umoja Party	1993
inception	Modern Art Oxford is an art gallery established in 1965 in Oxford, England.	Modern Art Oxford	1965
inception	Excel Communications was founded in 1988 by Dallas entrepreneur Kenny Troutt as a long distance reseller in the US telecom sector at the birth of telecom deregulation.	Excel Communications	1988
inception	Belonging to Karlstad Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden, it serves the Diocese of Karlstad, and was opened on 2 July 1730.	Karlstad Cathedral	1730
inception	The National Outdoor Book Award (NOBA) was formed in 1997 as an American-based non-profit program which each year presents awards in ten categories honoring the best in outdoor writing and publishing.	National Outdoor Book Award	1997
inception	``Shanghai University of Electric Power'' was originated from the ``Shanghai Training School of Electric Power'' ``上海电业学校'', which is founded in 1951.	Shanghai University of Electric Power	1951
inception	Nylands Nation (NN) is one of the 15 student nations at the University of Helsinki, Finland's oldest, Swedish-speaking and established in 1643 at The Royal Academy of Turku.	Nylands Nation	1643
inception	IFK Hässleholm is a Swedish football club from Hässleholm that was established in 1905.	IFK Hässleholm	1905
inception	The British Occupational Hygiene Society (BOHS), whose vision is a healthy working environment for everyone, was established as a charity in 1953 to reduce work-related ill-health, and makes a distinct and valuable contribution to preventing ill-health in the workplace.	British Occupational Hygiene Society	1953
inception	Glass Cloud is an American metalcore band from Hampton, Virginia formed by Jerry Roush, Joshua Travis, Travis Sykes, and Chad Hasty in late 2011.	Glass Cloud	2011
inception	It was founded on 26 September 1994 as Datagate International, changed its name to Yuri International in 2005 and Best Flow in 2008.	Best Flow	26 September 1994
inception	Since forming in 1985, the AFL Commission has become increasingly wealthy and powerful and has had control of the sport in Australia since 1993 and internationally since 2005.	AFL Commission	1985
inception	Pinnacle Motorsport was an Australian motor racing team that competed in Australian touring car racing in 1994 and 1995.	Pinnacle Motorsport	1994
inception	The club was founded in 1988 under the original name Ungmennafélagið Grafarvogur however because another team already had the abbreviation UMFG the name was changed to Ungmennafélagið Fjölnir, commonly referred to as Fjölnir.	Ungmennafélagið Fjölnir	1988
inception	Mysterious Art was a German dance floor house act founded in 1988.	Mysterious Art	1988
inception	The Tang Prize was established by Taiwanese entrepreneur Samuel Yin in December 2012.	Tang Prize	2012
inception	Caravan Tours is one of the oldest guided tour companies in the United States, having begun selling escorted travel tours in 1952.	Caravan Tours	1952
inception	Sokoine University of Agriculture was established on 1 July 1984 by Parliamentary Act No. 6 of the same year.	Sokoine University of Agriculture	1984
inception	Jai Maharashtra (Marathi: जय महाराष्ट्र) is a 24/7 Marathi-language news channel launched on 1 May 2013.	Jai Maharashtra	2013
inception	Marques'Almeida is a British fashion label which debuted in 2011.	Marques'Almeida	2011
inception	Arghoslent is an American death metal band formed in the summer of 1990.	Arghoslent	1990
inception	Mediatonic Games is a British independent games developer founded in September 2005 as Mediatonic Limited.	Mediatonic	2005
inception	The Arbeiter-Turn- und Sportbund (ATSB or Workers' Gymnastics and Sports Federation) was a national German sports organization active between 1893-1933.	Arbeiter-Turn- und Sportbund	1893
inception	The University of Notre Dame School of Architecture was the first Catholic university in America to offer a degree in architecture, beginning in 1898.	Notre Dame School of Architecture	1898
inception	Dau al Set (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈdaw əɫ ˈsɛt)), the first post-World War II artistic movement in Catalonia, was founded in Barcelona in October 1948 by poet Joan Brossa.	Dau al Set	1948
inception	Baycomms Broadcasting Corporation was founded in 1992, with DWTY 93.5 in Olongapo City & DXBY 89.9 in Zamboanga City.	Baycomms Broadcasting Corporation	1992
inception	The North American Choral Company was founded in 1998 The executive director is Jayne Schuitema.	North American Choral Company	1998
inception	Keep 6 is a Canadian progressive rock band from Edmonton, Alberta that was formed in early 2006.	Keep 6	2006
inception	After the break-up of his former band Sanguis et Cinis, Eve Evangel founded Lolita KompleX in early 2008 to realize his idea of a Lolita fashion inspired, but independent Gothic Metal band.	Lolita KompleX	2008
inception	WKUA began regular broadcast operations in February 2012 under program test authority while its broadcast license application is pending.	WKUA	2012
inception	Hamburg Atlantic Line (German: Hamburg Atlantik Linie) was an ocean liner and cruise ship operating company established in Hamburg, West Germany in 1958 by Axel Bitsch Christensen and Vernicos Eugenides, the latter being the adopted son of Home Lines' founder Eugen Eugenides.	Hamburg Atlantic Line	1958
inception	The Friggs were a garage rock band from Camden, New Jersey active from 1990 to 2000.	The Friggs	1990
inception	As part of the corporate restructuring of Asustek starting in 2007, Pegatron acquired Unihan Corporation (Chinese: 永碩聯合國際股份有限公司) from Asustek in January 2008.	Pegatron	2007
inception	The National List had been formed by Ben-Gurion prior to the 1969 elections after his former party, Rafi, had merged into the Alignment against his wishes.	National List	1969
inception	Template Gothic is an experimental, sans-serif typeface designed by Barry Deck in 1989.	Template Gothic	1989
inception	Hatay Köy Hizmetlerispor (??--2005) Antakyaspor (2005--2008) İskenderun Belediye Sahil Spor (2008--2009) Karayılan Belediyespor (2009--2014) İskenderun Belediye Gençlik ve Spor (2014--present)	İskenderun Belediye Gençlik ve Spor	2005
inception	Christie Front Drive was an American emo band formed in Denver in 1993.	Christie Front Drive	1993
inception	Gold Standard Laboratories or GSL was an independent record label which was founded in 1993 in Boulder, Colorado by Sonny Kay.	Gold Standard Laboratories	1993
inception	Roulé (translating to ``rolled'') is a French record label that was founded in 1995 by Thomas Bangalter of Daft Punk.	Roulé	1995
inception	In 2001 Fertin was completely detached from Gumlink as Fertin Pharma became an independent company.	Fertin Pharma	2001
inception	The Bernard Krone Holding GmbH & Co. KG goes back to the year 1906 when Bernard and Anna Krone founded as a blacksmith's shop.	Bernard Krone Holding	1906
inception	DAC Air was an airline from Romania between 1995 and 1998.	DAC Air	1995
inception	After experimenting as an adolescent with musicians he met between tours and recording sessions, Trucks founded The Derek Trucks Band in 1994.	The Derek Trucks Band	1994
inception	Saba University School of Medicine began in 1986 as a combined project between the island government of Saba and a group of medical educators from the United States.	Saba University School of Medicine	1986
inception	PlanetAll was a social networking, calendaring, and address book site launched in November 1996.	PlanetAll	1996
inception	The Frontenac Flyers were founded in 1989 as members of the Eastern Ontario Junior C Hockey League.	Frontenac Flyers	1989
inception	The Trinity and Brazos Valley Railway (reporting mark TBV) of Texas came into existence on October 7, 1902, originally chartered to build a railroad from Johnson County to the Beaumont area near the Gulf coast.	Trinity and Brazos Valley Railway	1902
inception	Aspengrove School was founded in 2003 and was originally located at 6553 Portsmouth Road in Nanaimo.	Aspengrove School	2003
inception	Established in 1990, ArgoFilms has received six Emmy Awards, a duPont-Columbia Award for Journalism, four Genesis Awards, and over one hundred other awards internationally.	ArgoFilms	1990
inception	The World Straight Pool Championship, or the World 14.1 Tournament if no world championship is on the line, is an annual pocket billiards (pool) competition held in New Brunswick, New Jersey, since 2006.	World Straight Pool Championship	2006
inception	Checker Records is an inactive record label that was started in 1952 as a subsidiary to Chess Records in Chicago, Illinois.	Checker Records	1952
inception	Volos Municipal Radio (Greek: Δημοτικό Ραδιόφωνο Βόλου, 104.6 FM) is a municipality-owned radio station in Volos, Greece, operating since 1993.	Volos Municipal Radio	1993
inception	The Birmingham Blitz Dames (BBD) are a not-for-profit, member-run roller derby league based in Birmingham in England and founded in October 2006 by American transplant Bee Bentley (Bee Sting née Iva Issues), who introduced roller derby to the West Midlands.	Birmingham Blitz Dames	2006
inception	Autobianchi () was an Italian automobile manufacturer, created jointly by Bianchi, Pirelli and Fiat in 1955.	Autobianchi	1955
inception	The Arcadian Kicks were an indie rock band from Kinver in South Staffordshire (near Stourbridge), who formed in 2006.	The Arcadian Kicks	2006
inception	Although the contemporary University of Novi Sad was established in 1960 with its modern campus, Novi Sad and the whole region have a record of education starting from the 11th century with religious seminaries.	University of Novi Sad	1960
inception	Since its founding in 1992, Mosaic Youth Theatre of Detroit has worked to alleviate gaps in arts education.	Mosaic Youth Theatre of Detroit	1992
inception	South Asian Football Federation (SAFF), founded in 1997, is an association of the football playing nations in South Asia and is part of the larger Asian Football Confederation.	South Asian Football Federation	1997
inception	Murney Tower is a Martello tower in Kingston, Ontario, Canada, whose construction dates to 1846 and the Oregon crisis.	Murney Tower	1846
inception	Slowdime Records was a record label started in 1996 by Juan Luis Carrera and Amanda MacKaye.	Slowdime Records	1996
inception	Vantaa Chamber Choir is a Finnish mixed choir which was established in 1986.	Vantaa Chamber Choir	1986
inception	The Durgas is a Rock band founded in 2004 around the brothers Benjii and Christopher Simmersbach, with influences of Reggae and African and Eastern European Folk elements over strains of Americana, Folk and roots music and Blues, without losing touch with the musicians' roots in Punk and Indie rock.	The Durgas	2004
inception	The Afghanistan Campaign Medal (ACM) is a military award of the United States military which was created by Executive Order 13363 of President George W. Bush on November 29, 2004.	Afghanistan Campaign Medal	2004
inception	Australian Age of Dinosaurs Ltd (AAOD) is a not for profit organisation located in Winton, Queensland and founded by David and Judy Elliott in 2003.	Australian Age of Dinosaurs	2003
inception	The Del Sol Quartet is a string quartet based in San Francisco, California that was founded in 1992.	Del Sol Quartet	1992
instrument	Terje Winterstø Røthing (born Terje Vinterstø in 1977) is a Norwegian musician, playing guitar in two rock bands.	Terje Winterstø Røthing	guitar
instrument	Tony Kofi is a British jazz multi-instrumentalist, a player of the alto saxophone, baritone saxophone, soprano saxophone and flute.	Tony Kofi	saxophone
instrument	Susana Seivane Hoyo (born 25 August 1976) is a Galician gaita (bagpipes) player.	Susana Seivane	Galician gaita	bagpipes
instrument	The band consisted of Ray Tabano on bass guitar, Steven Tyler on drums, Green Mountain Boys member Don Soloman on keyboards and vocals, as well as a few childhood friends on guitars.	Ray Tabano	bass guitar
instrument	Yilian Cañizares was born in Havana, Cuba, and studied violin there, in the strictest Russian tradition.	Yilian Cañizares	violin
instrument	Joseph Leutgeb (or Leitgeb) (October 6, 1732, Neulerchenfeld -- February 27, 1811, Vienna) was an outstanding horn player of the classical era, a friend and musical inspiration for Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.	Joseph Leutgeb	horn
instrument	Isaku Kageyama (born December 12, 1982 in San Francisco, United States) is an American musician, composer, producer, and educator, specialized in taiko drums.	Isaku Kageyama	taiko
instrument	Blood & Vomit (2004) Vrangsinn produced, mixed and mastered & performed backup vocals on tracks 1, 2 and 8 and bass guitar on track 3.	Vrangsinn	bass guitar
instrument	Eddie Harris (October 20, 1934 -- November 5, 1996) was an American jazz musician, best known for playing tenor saxophone and for introducing the electrically amplified saxophone.	Eddie Harris	saxophone
instrument	Bucky Pizzarelli was born January 9, 1926 in Paterson, New Jersey, learning to play the guitar and banjo at a young age.	Bucky Pizzarelli	guitar
instrument	Billy TK's began playing guitar at an early age, and was surrounded by talented young musicians during his family's frequent visits to Ratana Pā, who helped fulfill his lust for improving his skills on his instrument.	Billy TK	guitar
instrument	Alison Turriff (born 10 August 1984 in Lanark, Scotland) is a Scottish folk fusion clarinetist, composer, recording artist, researcher, producer and Artist for world leading clarinet makers Buffet Crampon.	Alison Turriff	clarinet
instrument	Ernie Ball (born Roland Sherwood Ball; August 30, 1930 -- September 9, 2004) was an American entrepreneur, musician, and innovator, widely acclaimed as a revolutionary in the development of guitar-related products.	Ernie Ball	guitar
instrument	George Rock (October 11, 1919 -- April 12, 1988) was a trumpet player and singer with various bands before starring with Spike Jones and His City Slickers.	George Rock	trumpet
instrument	His father played the valve trombone in a small Italian band, and through him Meco got his first musical education.	Meco	trombone
instrument	Abdi Behravanfar (Persian : عبدی بهروانفر, born June 1975) is an Iranian Singer, guitar player and singer-songwriter.	Abdi Behravanfar	guitar
instrument	Bendik Brænne (born 17 August 1987) is a Norwegian rock'n roll saxophone player and singer/songwriter.	Bendik Brænne	saxophone
instrument	William Schimmel (born 1946) is one of the principal architects in the resurgence of the accordion, and the philosophy of ``Musical Reality'' (composition with pre-existing music).	William Schimmel	accordion
instrument	Johnny Windhurst born John Henry Windhurst (November 5, 1926 - October 2, 1981) was a jazz trumpet player, who played primarily in the swing, big-band, and dixieland styles.	Johnny Windhurst	trumpet
instrument	Robert Force (born in Port Townsend, Washington) is a performer and composer on Appalachian dulcimer.	Robert Force	Appalachian dulcimer
instrument	Ingrid Jensen (born January 12, 1966 in North Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian jazz trumpet player.	Ingrid Jensen	trumpet
instrument	Fred Van Eps (December 30, 1878 -- November 22, 1960) was a noted banjoist and banjo maker.	Fred Van Eps	banjo
instrument	Jim Smoak (born 1933) is an American bluegrass and country music banjo player from Louisiana.	Jim Smoak	banjo
instrument	John Hunsley was a bagpiper from Manton, North Lincolnshire and last known player of the Lincolnshire bagpipes, which he played until shortly before his death at around 1850.	John Hunsley	bagpipes
instrument	Albert King Nelson (April 25, 1923 -- December 21, 1992), known professionally as Albert King, was an American blues guitarist and singer, and a major influence in the world of blues guitar playing.	Albert King	guitar
instrument	Juli Wood is an accomplished saxophone player, who appears regularly in Chicago and Milwaukee area jazz clubs, and sometimes on tours through the Midwest with the Juli Wood Quartet.	Juli Wood	saxophone
instrument	Devin Bronson's path to success began at age 11 when he first began playing guitar.	Devin Bronson	guitar
licensed to broadcast to	KTLX (91.3 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Columbus, Nebraska.	KTLX	Columbus, Nebraska
licensed to broadcast to	WMAM (570 AM) is a class D AM radio station in Marinette, Wisconsin, serving the Marinette/Menominee, Michigan area.	WMAM	Marinette
licensed to broadcast to	WHLW (104.3 FM, ``Hallelujah 104.3'') is a radio station licensed to serve Luverne, Alabama, USA.	WHLW	Luverne
licensed to broadcast to	WCEO (840 AM, ``La Tremenda'') is a Spanish Contemporary radio station located in Columbia, South Carolina, USA.	WCEO	Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	WCBS-FM (101.1 FM) is a CBS-owned radio station in New York City, offering a Classic Hits format.	WCBS-FM	New York City
licensed to broadcast to	WNTQ, 93Q, is a Mainstream Top 40 station based in Syracuse, New York.	WNTQ	Syracuse
licensed to broadcast to	WBZR-FM (105.9 FM, ``Hot Country 105.9'') is an American radio station licensed to serve Atmore, Alabama.	WBZR-FM	Atmore
licensed to broadcast to	Licensed to Scottville, Michigan, the Federal Communications Commission assigned the call letters of WKZC on June 21, 1982.	WKZC	Scottville, Michigan
licensed to broadcast to	WOND (1400 AM) is an American news-talk radio station from Pleasantville, New Jersey, broadcasting to the Atlantic City, New Jersey, radio market.	WOND	Pleasantville, New Jersey
licensed to broadcast to	CBCV-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio One network in Victoria, British Columbia and throughout Vancouver Island and the Southern Gulf Islands.	CBCV-FM	Victoria
licensed to broadcast to	CBUX-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts SRC's Ici Musique network (formerly Espace musique) at 90.9 FM in Vancouver, British Columbia.	CBUX-FM	Vancouver
licensed to broadcast to	WJTQ (100.7 FM) is an American commercial radio station serving the Pensacola, Florida, and Mobile, Alabama markets.	WJTQ	Pensacola
licensed to broadcast to	WOZN-FM (106.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mount Horeb, Wisconsin and serving the Madison market.	WOZN-FM	Mount Horeb
licensed to broadcast to	WMJM, ``Magic 101.3'', is an Urban Adult Contemporary FM station licensed to Jeffersontown, Kentucky serving the Louisville metropolitan area owned and operated by Alpha Broadcasting.	WMJM	Jeffersontown
licensed to broadcast to	CHAS-FM is a radio station licensed to and serving Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.	CHAS-FM	Sault Ste. Marie
licensed to broadcast to	KVYB (103.3 FM, 103.3 The Vibe) is a Rhythmic contemporary based radio station in Santa Barbara, California.	KVYB	Santa Barbara
licensed to broadcast to	WZAD (The Wolf) is country music radio station licensed to Wurtsboro, New York that serves the Catskill Mountains region, Orange County, New York, and Pike County, Pennsylvania.	WZAD	Wurtsboro, New York
licensed to broadcast to	KKGL (96.9 FM, ``The Eagle'') is a commercial radio station located in Nampa, Idaho that serves the Boise area.	KKGL	Nampa
licensed to broadcast to	CFYX-FM was a French-language Canadian radio station located in Rimouski, Quebec.	CFYX-FM	Rimouski
licensed to broadcast to	4MBS Classic FM is an Australian community radio station that broadcasts classical music, jazz and nostalgia from Brisbane at a frequency of 103.7 MHz and on digital radio and online.	4MBS	Brisbane
licensed to broadcast to	WBAK (104.7 FM; ``Big 104 FM'') is an American radio station licensed to Belfast, Maine, with studios located in Bangor.	WBAK	Belfast
licensed to broadcast to	Smooth 91.5 (call sign: 3PTV) is a commercial radio station based in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Smooth 91.5	Melbourne
licensed to broadcast to	KFKA (1310 AM) is a radio station licensed to Greeley, Colorado that serves the Fort Collins-Greeley area.	KFKA	Greeley
licensed to broadcast to	CKMS-FM, known as 100.3 SoundFM, is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 100.3 FM in Waterloo, Ontario.	CKMS-FM	Waterloo
licensed to broadcast to	WNSY has Talking Rock, Georgia as its city of license, with a transmitter near Jasper, Georgia.	WNSY	Talking Rock, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	WFBM-LP (100,1 FM) was an American low-power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Beaver Springs, Pennsylvania.	WFBM-LP	Beaver Springs
licensed to broadcast to	KCMI is licensed to serve the community of Terrytown, Nebraska, USA.	KCMI	Terrytown, Nebraska
licensed to broadcast to	WCNF (700 AM, ``Power 700'') is a radio station licensed to serve Dothan, Alabama, USA.	WCNF	Dothan
licensed to broadcast to	KTXX-FM (104.9 FM, ``The Horn'') is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Bee Cave, Texas.	KTXX-FM	Bee Cave
licensed to broadcast to	KASH-FM is a commercial country music radio station in Anchorage, Alaska, broadcasting on 107.5 FM.	KASH-FM	Anchorage
licensed to broadcast to	WCLK FM 91.9 is a radio station licensed to Atlanta, Georgia, USA, and serves the core area of metro Atlanta.	WCLK	Atlanta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhestanaq (Persian: كوهستانق‎, also Romanized as Kūhestānaq; also known as Kūhestānak) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kuhestanaq	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Society for Savings Building, also known as the Society Corp. Building, is a high-rise building on Public Square in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Society for Savings Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Honu (Persian: باغ هنو‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Honū) is a village in Kal Rural District, Eshkanan District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Honu	Kal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirsztajnów (kirʂˈtai̯nuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kirsztajnów	Gmina Kampinos
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sikh Center of San Francisco Bay Area (also known as Gurdwara Sahib of El Sobrante) is a Sikh gurdwara in the hills of unincorporated El Sobrante, California, in the East Bay of the San Francisco Bay Area.	Sikh Center of San Francisco Bay Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bugi (ˈbuɡi) (German: Bogen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bugi	Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Palangu (Persian: دوپلنگو‎, also Romanized as Do Palangū) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District, Bord Khun District, Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Do Palangu	Bord Khun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The El Tovar Hotel, also known simply as El Tovar, is a former Harvey House hotel situated directly on the south rim of the Grand Canyon in Arizona, USA.	El Tovar Hotel	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viauville is a Montreal neighbourhood in the borough of Mercier-Hochelaga-Maisonneuve.	Viauville	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pay-e Rah (Persian: پايراه‎, also Romanized as Pāy-e Rāh) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pay-e Rah	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hyland Airport (TC LID: CFT5) is located near Hyland, Yukon, Canada has a 100 ft (30 m) wide runway that receives no maintenance.	Hyland Airport	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazewo (maˈzɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mazewo	Gmina Szczuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dharmapuram is a village near Srikakulam town in Ponduru Mandal Division in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Dharmapuram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frisch School, commonly known as Frisch (/'frɪʃ/), was founded in 1972 by Rabbi Menachem Meier and Alfred Frisch and is a coeducational yeshiva high school located in Paramus in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, which adheres to the tenets and practices of Modern Orthodox Judaism.	Frisch School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shoukatabad (alternative spelling Shaukat Abad) is a Union Council of Mansehra District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Shoukatabad	Mansehra District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otermanjärvi is a meduim-sized lake in Vaala municipality, in Finland.	Otermanjärvi	Vaala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rellim Farm near Kearneysville, West Virginia is a 50-acre (20 ha) farm and orchard complex which was once part of the nearby Traveller's Rest property.	Rellim Farm	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arinagour (Scottish Gaelic: Àirigh nan Gobhar) is a village on the Isle of Coll, in the Argyll and Bute council area of Scotland.	Arinagour	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pedro Anchustegui Pelota Court is a Basque pelota court located on West 2nd North Street in Mountain Home, Idaho.	Pedro Anchustegui Pelota Court	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Untitled (IUPUI Letters), a public sculpture, was designed by the New York City firm Two Twelve and is located on the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis campus near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.	Untitled (IUPUI Letters)	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Humble Negro Cemetery is located in Harris County, Texas, just north of the City of Humble.	Humble Negro Cemetery	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kerby House, also known as the Randolph Plantation, is a historic Greek Revival plantation house and historic district in Prairieville, Alabama, USA.	Kerby House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lotte New York Palace Hotel is a luxury hotel in Midtown Manhattan, at the corner of 50th Street and Madison Avenue.	Lotte New York Palace Hotel	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liston Range Rear Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, on the Delaware River.	Liston Range Rear Light	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Asal (Persian: چشمه عسل‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh ``Asal) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Cheshmeh Asal	Torqabeh Rural District	Torqabeh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warehouse Cooperative School (1969-1975) was an American free school / alternative school which flourished in and near Boston, Massachusetts in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Warehouse Cooperative School	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burin Peninsula is a peninsula located on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Burin Peninsula	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seabury School is an independent school for gifted children in Tacoma, Washington.	Seabury School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Mahalleh-ye Shirabad (Persian: سيدمحله شيراباد‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Maḩalleh-ye Shīrābād; also known as Khvājeh Karī, Seyyed Lar Maḩalleh, and Seyyed Maḩalleh) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Mahalleh-ye Shirabad	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pahzir (Persian: پهزير‎, also Romanized as Pahzīr) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pahzir	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Lubiejewo (ˈstarɛ lubjɛˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Lubiejewo	Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumen Christi Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school located in Summit Township, just outside Jackson, Michigan, in the United States.	Lumen Christi Catholic High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowtarki-ye Mokhtari (Persian: نوتركي مختاري‎, also Romanized as Nowtarkī-ye Mokhtārī; also known as Nartarkī-ye Mokhtārī and Nowtargī-ye Mokhtārī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nowtarki-ye Mokhtari	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp John Wise is a former United States Army military garrison, located in San Antonio, Texas.	Camp John Wise	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worytki (vɔˈrɨtki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Worytki	Gmina Morąg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siąszyce (ɕɔ̃ˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Siąszyce	Gmina Rychwał
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarguizheh (Persian: سرگويژه‎, also Romanized as Sargūīzheh) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarguizheh	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spencer Gorge/Webster's Falls Conservation Area is located on the Niagara Escarpment in Dundas, Ontario, a constituent community of Hamilton, Ontario, and is owned and operated by the Hamilton Conservation Authority.	Spencer Gorge/Webster's Falls Conservation Area	Hamilton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Jacques-de-la-Lande (Breton: Sant-Jakez-al-Lann, Gallo: Saent-Jaq) is a commune near Rennes in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Saint-Jacques-de-la-Lande	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcross (Welsh: Marcroes) is a small village in the rural community of St Donats in the Vale of Glamorgan, south Wales.	Marcross	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melbury Bubb is a small village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in South West England, situated in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 7 miles (11 km) south of the town of Sherborne.	Melbury Bubb	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jask County (Persian: شَهرِستانِ جاسک‎‎) is a county in Hormozgan Province in Iran.	Jask County	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afton Station Packard Museum, a privately owned automotive museum on U.S. Route 66 in Afton, Oklahoma, is situated in a restored 1930s Eagle D-X filling station.	Afton Station Packard Museum	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Juan Teposcolula is a town and municipality in the State of Oaxaca, Mexico, often known simply as Teposcolula.	San Juan Teposcolula	Oaxaca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Várzea da Palma is a municipality (município) in north-central Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Várzea da Palma	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Tall Gap (Persian: دهنوتل گپ‎) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Tall Gap	Sarfaryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Philip the Apostle Catholic School, Camp Springs, Maryland, (known as St. Philips) is a Catholic school in Camp Springs, Maryland within the Archdiocese of Washington.	St. Philip the Apostle Catholic School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Retka (ˈrɛtka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Retka	Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Anjir (Persian: گل انجير‎, also Romanized as Gol Anjīr) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gol Anjir	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 January 2009 the former municipality of Montfavergier merged into Montfaucon.	Montfavergier	Montfaucon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barley End is a hamlet within the parish of Pitstone in Buckinghamshire, England.	Barley End	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jadvalkun (Persian: جدول كون‎, also Romanized as Jadvalkūn; also known as Jadvalkān) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jadvalkun	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherman Free Library is an historic public library, located in the village of Port Henry, in Essex County, New York.	Sherman Free Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renaissance High School is a public high school located within the city of Detroit, Michigan.	Renaissance High School	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Takht (Persian: دره تخت‎) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Takht	Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlsbad desalination plant (officially known as the Claude ``Bud'' Lewis Carlsbad Desalination Plant) is a desalination plant that opened on December 14, 2015 in Carlsbad, California, adjacent to the north end of the Encina Power Station.	Carlsbad desalination plant	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zelki Dąbrowe (ˈzɛlki dɔmˈbrɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zelki Dąbrowe	Gmina Karniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Insignia Towers, also known as 2301 6th Avenue and formerly as the Embassy Development Project, are a pair of 41-story residential skyscrapers in the Denny Regrade neighborhood of Seattle, Washington that are under construction.	Insignia Towers	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hizan (Kurdish: Xîzan‎) is a district of Bitlis Province, Turkey.	Hizan	Bitlis Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golakhvor (Persian: گل اخور‎, also Romanized as Golākhvor and Golākhūr; also known as Kūrah Khīl, Kūreh Jīl, Kuriagil, and Kyuryagil'') is a village in Arzil Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Golakhvor	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uppingham is a market town in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England, located on the A47 between Leicester and Peterborough, about 6 miles south of the county town, Oakham on the A6003 road.	Uppingham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarneh District (Persian: بخش زرنه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Zarneh District	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Indian Shaker Church and Gulick Homestead are an ensemble of historic buildings in The Dalles, Oregon, United States.	Indian Shaker Church and Gulick Homestead	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cline Falls State Scenic Viewpoint (also known as Cline Falls State Park) is a state park near Redmond, Oregon, United States.	Cline Falls State Scenic Viewpoint	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James H. Bibb House is a historic residence in Madison, Alabama.	James H. Bibb House	Madison
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botanischer Garten München-Nymphenburg (21.20 hectares) is a botanical garden and arboretum located at Menzinger Str. 65, Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Botanischer Garten München-Nymphenburg	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhuanghe (simplified Chinese: 庄河; traditional Chinese: 莊河; pinyin: Zhuānghé) is one of the two ``northern county-level cities'', the other being Wafangdian, under the administration of Dalian, located in the south of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Zhuanghe	Dalian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar Malek (Persian: كنارمالك‎, also Romanized as Konār Mālek) is a village in Aviz Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Konar Malek	Aviz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Cary (/ˌkɑːsəl ˈkɛəri/) is a small market town and civil parish in south Somerset, England, 5 miles (8 km) north west of Wincanton and 8 miles (12.9 km) south of Shepton Mallet.	Castle Cary	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSGM (AM 980) transmitted its first broadcast on July 5, 1947 from Ste. Genevieve, Missouri.	KSGM	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fulton Center is a transit center and retail complex centered at the intersection of Fulton Street and Broadway in Lower Manhattan, New York City.	Fulton Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Greenwich High School is a public secondary school located in East Greenwich, Rhode Island, U.S. The school serves students in grades 9-12 in the East Greenwich Public Schools system.	East Greenwich High School	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Tong (大棠: Simplified Chinese) is an area southwest of Shap Pat Heung, in Yuen Long District, in the northwestern part of Hong Kong.	Tai Tong	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uplyme is a village which lies in East Devon on the Devon-Dorset border and the River Lym, adjacent to the Dorset coastal town of Lyme Regis.	Uplyme	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	192 Shoreham Street in Sheffield, England, is a building with striking architectural design.	192 Shoreham Street	Sheffield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alaska Nellie's Homestead, located at Mile 23 of the Seward Highway in Kenai Peninsula Borough, Alaska, is the former homestead of Nellie Neal Lawing.	Alaska Nellie's Homestead	Kenai Peninsula Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flour Exchange Building is an office building in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota designed by architects Long and Kees, who also designed Minneapolis City Hall and the Lumber Exchange Building.	Flour Exchange Building	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles River Peninsula is a 30-acre (12 ha) nature preserve in Needham, Massachusetts owned and managed by the Trustees of Reservations.	Charles River Peninsula	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Simsbury Railroad Depot is a historic railroad station at Railroad and Station Streets in the center of Simsbury, Connecticut.	Simsbury Railroad Depot	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Island Motor Parkway (LIMP), also known as the Vanderbilt Parkway and Motor Parkway, was a parkway on Long Island, New York, in the United States.	Long Island Motor Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęplino (pɛmˈplinɔ) (German: Horst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pęplino	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleydael Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Cleydael) is a moated castle in Aartselaar in the province of Antwerp, Belgium.	Cleydael Castle	Aartselaar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the Semien Shewa Zone of the Amhara Region, Ankober is perched on the eastern escarpment of the Ethiopian Highlands at an elevation of about 2,465 meters (8,100 ft).	Ankober	Semien Shewa Zone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boughton Green, part of the village of Boughton Monchelsea, is in Kent, England.	Boughton Green	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kyffhäuserkreis is a district in the northern part of Thuringia, Germany.	Kyffhäuserkreis	Thuringia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aronoff Center is a large performing arts center in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio.	Aronoff Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Viator College was a Catholic liberal arts college in Bourbonnais, Illinois.	St. Viator College	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzozowo Małe (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzozowo Małe	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mayfair Music Hall was an English music hall-styled vaudeville theater devised and created by entrepreneur Milt Larsen, located in Santa Monica, California.	Mayfair Music Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kâhta (Kurdish: Kolîk) is a large district of Adıyaman Province of Turkey.	Kâhta	Adıyaman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeside Lake is located at Chuck Ford-Lakeside Park in east Tucson, Arizona, United States, on the northwest corner of Stella Road and Sarnoff Drive.	Lakeside Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lizawice (lizaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lizawice	Gmina Oława
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Bern High School is a high school in New Bern, North Carolina whose students come from the New Bern, Trent Woods, Brices Creek, Bridgeton, and James City area.	New Bern High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darkhiaran (Persian: درخياران‎, also Romanized as Darkhīārān and Darkheyārān) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Darkhiaran	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oppenheim and St. Johnsville Union Society Church, also known as Crum Creek Evangelical Lutheran Church, is a historic Lutheran church at 110 County Highway 108 in Crum Creek, Fulton County, New York.	Oppenheim and St. Johnsville Union Society Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Oak Ranch was a ranch in Vacaville, California.	Little Oak Ranch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Losku (Persian: لسكو‎, also Romanized as Loskū) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Losku	Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grantsville First Ward Meetinghouse, at 297 Clark St. in Grantsville, Utah, is a Latter Day Saint meeting house which was built in 1865-1866.	Grantsville First Ward Meetinghouse	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wetaskiwin Regional Airport, (TC LID: CEX3), is located within the city of Wetaskiwin, Alberta, Canada.	Wetaskiwin Regional Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Youwarou (or Youvarou) is a village and commune and seat of the Cercle of Youwarou in the Mopti Region of Mali.	Youwarou	Mopti Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guytar-e Sofla (Persian: گوئ ترسفلي‎, also Romanized as Gūytar-e Soflá) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Guytar-e Sofla	Birun Bashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Folsom Lake College (FLC) is a comprehensive, public community college, the 114th community college in the State of California, and the fourth campus of the Los Rios Community College District.	Folsom Lake College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Sutherland is located on the Olympic Peninsula about 17 miles (27 km) west of Port Angeles, Washington.	Lake Sutherland	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMSD (90.9 FM) is an FM radio station licensed to Rose Township, Michigan.	WMSD	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powidz-Osiedle (ˈpɔvit͡s ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Powidz, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Powidz-Osiedle	Gmina Powidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Paul-la-Roche, in Occitan Sent Pau la Ròcha, is a commune in the northeast of the Dordogne department in the Aquitaine region in southwestern France.	Saint-Paul-la-Roche	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexandra Park School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Muswell Hill area of the London Borough of Haringey, England.	Alexandra Park School	London Borough of Haringey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyer State Wayside, a rest stop with picnic tables and public toilets, lies about 10 miles (16 km) miles south of Condon, along Oregon Route 19.	Dyer State Wayside	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Kafi (Persian: ده كافي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Kāfī) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kafi	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sint Anthonis ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the southern Netherlands in the Province of North Brabant.	Sint Anthonis	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shrine of the Most Blessed Sacrament of Our Lady of the Angels Monastery, informally known as OLAM Shrine, is a prominent Roman Catholic Latin Rite shrine located in Hanceville, Alabama, United States within the Diocese of Birmingham.	Shrine of the Most Blessed Sacrament	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stockbridge Indian Cemetery is a cemetery north of Stockbridge, Wisconsin.	Stockbridge Indian Cemetery	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santee National Wildlife Refuge is a 15,000-acre (61 km2) refuge alongside Lake Marion, an impoundment of the Santee River of Clarendon County, South Carolina.	Santee National Wildlife Refuge	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William H.G. FitzGerald Tennis Center is a public tennis center located in Rock Creek Park in Washington, D.C. It is named after a Washington-based private investor who was active in philanthropies and served as ambassador to Ireland.	William H.G. FitzGerald Tennis Center	Rock Creek Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mierzynówka (mjɛʐɨˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mierzynówka	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in the Rural Municipality of Morton, in southeast Manitoba on Turtle Mountain.	William Lake Provincial Park	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skułty (ˈskuu̯tɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skułty	Gmina Miłomłyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Bozayeh (Persian: علي بزايه‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Bozāyeh) is a village in Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 652, in 205 families.	Ali Bozayeh	Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palang Pareh (Persian: پلنگ پاره‎, also Romanized as Palang Pāreh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Palang Pareh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metropolitan College of New York (MCNY), formerly known as Audrey Cohen College, is a private college located at 431 Canal Street in Manhattan, New York City in Hudson Square.	Metropolitan College of New York	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barra Head, also known as Berneray (Scottish Gaelic: Beàrnaraigh), is the southernmost of the Outer Hebrides in Scotland.	Barra Head	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laoag, officially the City of Laoag (Ilocano: Ciudad ti Laoag; Filipino: Lungsod ng Laoag), is a third-class city and capital of the province of Ilocos Norte in the Philippines.	Laoag	Ilocos Norte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludwigswinkel is a municipality in the district of Südwestpfalz of the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, very close to the French border.	Ludwigswinkel	Südwestpfalz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homborsund Lighthouse (Norwegian: Homborsund fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located on the island Store Grønningen in the municipality of Grimstad, Aust-Agder, Norway.	Homborsund Lighthouse	Grimstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cyclone Warehouse is an underground venue in the Butcher Town area of San Francisco, California, between Potrero Hill and Hunter's Point.	Cyclone Warehouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Border Patrol Museum is located at 4315 Woodrow Bean Transmountain Drive, in the county of El Paso, in the U.S. state of Texas.	National Border Patrol Museum	El Paso
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Des Moines Marriott Hotel is a high-rise hotel located in Downtown Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Des Moines Marriott Hotel	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakville Centre for the Performing Arts is a municipally run multi-use facility which opened in downtown Oakville, Ontario, Canada in 1977.	Oakville Centre for the Performing Arts	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bavarian State Archaeological Collection (German: Archäologische Staatssammlung, until 2000 known as the Prähistorische Staatssammlung, State Prehistoric Collection) in Munich is the central museum of prehistory of the State of Bavaria, considered to be one of the most important archaeological collections and cultural history museums in Germany.	Bavarian State Archaeological Collection	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pawłowicze (pavwɔˈvit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Pawłowicze	Gmina Mielnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXXY-FM (96.1 FM, ``96.1 KXY'') is a country music formatted radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	KXXY-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHSB (107.7 FM, ``107-7 The Bay'') is a 100,000 watt radio station licensed to Alpena, Michigan broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format.	WHSB	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mali Drenovac (Serbian: Мали Дреновац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Mali Drenovac	Aleksinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dmanisi (Georgian: დმანისი, Azerbaijani: Başkeçid) is a townlet and archaeological site in the Kvemo Kartli region of Georgia approximately 93 km southwest of the nation's capital Tbilisi in the river valley of Mashavera.	Dmanisi	Kvemo Kartli
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summit Stake Tabernacle or ``Coalville Tabernacle'' was a meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) located in Coalville, Summit County, Utah.	Summit Stake Tabernacle	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gannan County (Chinese: 甘南县; Pinyin: Gānnán Xiàn) is a county in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang, China, about 50 km northwest of the city seat of Qiqihar.	Gannan County	Qiqihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institute of Plant Industry, Vavilov Institute of Plant Industry or All-Russian Research Institute of Plant Industry (in Russian: Всероссийский институт растениеводства им. Н. И. Вавилова), as it is officially called, is a research institute of plant genetics, located in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Institute of Plant Industry	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington Beach House was one of the first hotels built in Saskatchewan and was one of the first buildings constructed along Last Mountain Lake.	Arlington Beach House	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenfinnan (Scottish Gaelic: Gleann Fhionghain) is a village in Lochaber area of the Highlands of Scotland.	Glenfinnan	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Jadid (Persian: اسلام ابادجديد‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Jadīd) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Jadid	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arangi is a small village located in east Varanasi division, situated at the border of Uttar Pradesh.	Arangi	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khasraj-e Khalaf (Persian: خسرج خلف‎; also known as Khasraj) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khasraj-e Khalaf	Karkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Crows Nest was a local government area in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia, immediately northeast of the regional city of Toowoomba.	Shire of Crows Nest	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jim Kelly Field (IATA: LXN, ICAO: KLXN, FAA LID: LXN) is a public use airport two miles northwest of Lexington, in Dawson County, Nebraska.	Jim Kelly Field	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Point Mint Facility was erected in 1937 near the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, New York, United States.	West Point Mint	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Pennard is a village and civil parish east of Glastonbury in the Mendip district of Somerset, England.	West Pennard	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clinton Regional Airport (IATA: CLK, ICAO: KCLK, FAA LID: CLK) is a city-owned public-use airport located three miles northeast of the central business district of Clinton, a city in Custer County and Washita County, Oklahoma, United States.	Clinton Regional Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Midland Railway War Memorial was erected in Derby, England in 1921 to commemorate employees of the Midland Railway killed during The Great War.	Midland Railway War Memorial	Derby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Brum is the local name for the clock tower on the Council House, Birmingham, England.	Big Brum	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodrow Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 1109 Woodrow Road in Woodrow, Staten Island, New York.	Woodrow Methodist Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knowsthorpe, Knostrop or Knostropp is an area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, on the River Aire.	Knowsthorpe	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McMaster Museum of Art (MMA) is a non-profit public art gallery at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario.	McMaster Museum of Art	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dourados is a Brazilian municipality, situated in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul, 225 km (140 mi) Southwest of Campo Grande (the state's capital).	Dourados	Mato Grosso do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padandestan (Persian: پدندستان‎, also Romanized as Padandestān, Padandastan, and Pedandestān; also known as Bulandistān, Pandandestān, and Pandestān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Padandestan	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadekan-e Gurmi (Persian: ندکان گورمي‎, also Romanized as Nadekān-e Gūrmī; also known as Nadeh Kān-e Gūrmī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nadekan-e Gurmi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodivayal(Tamil: கொடிவயல் ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kodivayal	Pudukkottai district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plymouth Antiquarian House (also known as Hedge House or ``Hammatt House'') is an historic house museum at 126 Water Street in Plymouth, Massachusetts owned by the Plymouth Antiquarian Society.	Plymouth Antiquarian House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cathedral Preparatory School and Seminary is a private, Roman Catholic high school and seminary in Elmhurst, Queens, New York.	Cathedral Preparatory School and Seminary	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nemat Sara (Persian: نعمتسرا‎, also Romanized as Ne``mat Sarā) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 497, in 132 families.	Nemat Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbeylara (Irish: Mainistir Leathrátha, meaning ``Abbey of the half rath or little rath'') is a village in the easternmost portion of County Longford, Ireland, located about three kilometers east of Granard on the R396 regional road.	Abbeylara	County Longford
located in the administrative territorial entity	95.1 WAPE-FM (``The Big Ape'') is a Top 40/CHR radio station based in Jacksonville, Florida, USA.	WAPE-FM	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	ELIXIR is an inter-governmental organisation which builds on existing resources, with a central coordinating Hub based alongside the European Molecular Biology Laboratory's European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI) on the Wellcome Trust Genome Campus in Hinxton, Cambridge, and ELIXIR Nodes housed in leading bioscience facilities throughout Europe.	ELIXIR	Wellcome Trust Genome Campus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Store Bukkeholstinden is a mountain in Lom, Oppland, Norway.	Store Bukkeholstinden	Lom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florence War Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission burial ground for the dead of World War II located in Italy near Florence in the locality Girone-Compiobbi (municipality of Fiesole), close to the Arno river.	Florence War Cemetery	Fiesole
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Puente High School is a public high school in La Puente, California, located in the San Gabriel Valley, serving grades 9-12.	La Puente High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Lebanon Shaker Society, also known as Old Lebanon Shaker Society, was a communal settlement of Shakers in New Lebanon, New York.	Mount Lebanon Shaker Society	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban is a commune in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in the region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in southeastern France.	Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban	Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
located in the administrative territorial entity	LAPD Hooper Heliport (FAA LID: 4CA0) is a city-owned private-use heliport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Los Angeles, in Los Angeles County, California, United States.	LAPD Hooper Heliport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motyczyn (mɔˈtɨt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Motyczyn	Gmina Prochowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanbalu Qeshlaq (Persian: چنبلوقشلاق‎, also Romanized as Chanbalū Qeshlāq; also known as Chebenlū-ye Qeshlāq and Qeshlāq-e Razī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Chanbalu Qeshlaq	Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barre Town Middle and Elementary School is a school located in Barre (town), Vermont, USA and is more commonly known as BTMES or Barre Town School.	Barre Town Middle and Elementary School	Barre (town), Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Esprit is a commune in the French overseas department of Martinique.	Saint-Esprit	Martinique
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort William Augustus (also known as Grassy Island Fort, Fort Phillips) was a British fort built on Grassy Island off of Canso, Nova Scotia during the lead up to Father Rale's War (1720).	Fort William Augustus	Canso, Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Coniston of the YMCA is situated on Lake Coniston (Long Pond), in Croydon, New Hampshire.	Camp Coniston	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nigigoonsiminikaaning First Nation, formerly known as the Nicickousemenecaning First Nation and as the Red Gut First Nation, is a Saulteaux First Nation band government who inhabit the banks of Rainy Lake of the Rainy River District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Nigigoonsiminikaaning First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metro Harbour View (Chinese: 港灣豪庭) is a private housing estate at the intersection of Tai Kok Tsui Road (Chinese: 大角咀道) and Fuk Lee Street (Chinese: 福利街) in Tai Kok Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong, within walking distance to the MTR Olympic Station.	Metro Harbour View	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białowierśnie (bjawɔˈvjɛrɕɲɛ), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Białowierśnie	Gmina Giby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Tang Sorkh (Persian: حسن ابادتنگ سرخ‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Tang Sorkh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Tang Sorkh	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Land's End Observatory is a ranger observatory on the rim of Grand Mesa in Colorado.	Land's End Observatory	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enford is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Devizes and 14 miles (23 km) north of Salisbury.	Enford	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulla (Irish: An Tulach, meaning ``hill'') is a town in County Clare, Ireland.	Tulla	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaidyanathapura is a village situated 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from Maddur town in the Mandya district of the state of Karnataka, India.	Vaidyanathapura	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srgaši (pronounced (səɾˈɡaːʃi); in older sources also Sergaši; Italian: Sergassi) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Srgaši	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amelia Barr House, also known as Cherry Croft, is located on Mountain Road in Cornwall on Hudson, a village in Orange County, New York, USA.	Amelia Barr House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masineh (Persian: مسينه‎, also Romanized as Masīneh and Mesīneh; also known as Masin and Māsīnī) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Masineh	Manzariyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goshen Intermediate School educates students in grades 3-5 in the Goshen Central School District, covering the eponymous village and town in Orange County, New York.	Goshen Intermediate School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall Tak (Persian: تلتاك‎, also Romanized as Tall Tāk; also known as Tall Tāg) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Tall Tak	Miankuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prairie du Chien City Hall is the city of Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin's historic former city hall.	Prairie du Chien City Hall	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Kazemi (Persian: كلاته كاظمي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Kāẓemī) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Kazemi	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Dowlat (Persian: كلاته دولت‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Dowlat; also known as Dowlat) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Dowlat	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarki (Persian: زركي‎, also Romanized as Zarkī) is a village in Torud Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Zarki	Torud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hommocks Middle School is a public middle school located in the Town of Mamaroneck, New York.	Hommocks Middle School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balm ruins (German: Ruine Balm or Ruine Balmfluh) are the remains of a fortified cave dwelling at the foot of Balmfluh (alternative spelling: Balmflue) in the Jura Mountains, in the municipality of Balm bei Günsberg in the Canton of Solothurn.	Balm ruins	Balm bei Günsberg	Canton of Solothurn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Endmoor is a small village within Cumbria, England, situated close to the A65 road.	Endmoor	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naybin (Persian: ناي بين‎, also Romanized as Nāybīn) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Naybin	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagata Territory is an administrative region in the Kwilu District of Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Bagata Territory	Kwilu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ben Franklin House, formerly known as the Benjamin Franklin Hotel, is a historic hotel, now apartment building, located at 834 Chestnut Street in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Ben Franklin House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartnica (bartˈnit͡sa) (German: Beutengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bartnica	Gmina Nowa Ruda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gătaia is a town in Timiș County, Banat, western Romania.	Gătaia	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheruvally is a Village in Kottayam district of Kerala.	Cheruvally	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samborek (samˈbɔrɛk) (German: Lauterwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Samborek	Gmina Lubomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryncethin (which means dark hill or dun hill) is a small village in the County Borough of Bridgend, South Wales, located just north of Junction 36 of the M4 Motorway and approximately 3 miles north of the county town of Bridgend.	Bryncethin	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Retew was a village near St Austell in Cornwall, England, UK, that was demolished in the early 1960s when the nearby Wheal Remfrey china clay quarry and waste heaps were expanded.	Retew	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drzemlikowice (dʐɛmlikɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Drzemlikowice	Gmina Oława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxford Railroad Depot and Junction House is a registered historic building in Oxford, Ohio, listed in the National Register on 1980-02-08.	Oxford Railroad Depot and Junction House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swisshelm Mountains are a small mountain range adjacent to the southwest corner of the Chiricahua Mountains of eastern Cochise County, Arizona.	Swisshelm Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Azadegan County (Persian: شهرستان دشت آزادگان‎) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran.	Dasht-e Azadegan County	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sutliff Bridge is a bridge over the Cedar River at Sutliff, a Johnson County community near Lisbon, Iowa, United States.	Sutliff Bridge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWVA (88.1 FM) is a college radio station broadcasting from the EMU building on the University of Oregon campus in Eugene, Oregon, United States.	KWVA	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hejdandasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان هجداندشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Salehabad District, Mehran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Hejdandasht Rural District	Salehabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabernik (Serbian: Каберник) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kabernik	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michaelmas Island is an island located in King George Sound near Albany, Western Australia.	Michaelmas Island	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	John S. Williams House and Farm, also known as Old Chatham Sheepherding Farm and Inn, is a historic home and farm designated a national historic district and located at Chatham in Columbia County, New York.	John S. Williams House and Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prześlice (pʂɛˈɕlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Torzym, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Prześlice	Gmina Torzym
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somerville Public Library is a public library located at 35 West End Avenue in Somerville, New Jersey.	Somerville Public Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nerinx Hall High School is a private Roman Catholic girls high school in Webster Groves, Missouri, and is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis.	Nerinx Hall High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natolewice (natɔlɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Natelfitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Natolewice	Gmina Płoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ink Blot Natural Area Preserve is a Washington state Natural Area Preserve located in Mason County.	Ink Blot Natural Area Preserve	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maleh-ye Khorg (Persian: مله خرگ‎) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Maleh-ye Khorg	Cheghapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weiser State Forest is a Pennsylvania State Forest in Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry District #18.	Weiser State Forest	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bog Garden is a nature preserve, botanical garden, and city park located at 1101 Hobbs Road, Greensboro, North Carolina.	The Bog Garden	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland Regional High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Blackwood, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Gloucester Township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Highland Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namsos Airport, Høknesøra (IATA: OSY, ICAO: ENNM; Norwegian: Namsos lufthavn, Høknesøra) is a regional airport located along the Namsen river, just outside the town of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Namsos Airport, Høknesøra	Nord-Trøndelag
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caderzone Terme (German: St. Johann or Bad Kaderzaun) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of Trento.	Caderzone Terme	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stępowo (stɛmˈpɔvɔ) (German: Stempau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Stępowo	Gmina Rypin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Mobaraki (Persian: بابامباركي‎, also Romanized as Bābā Mobārakī and Baba Mobarakī; also known as Bābā Mobārak, Bābā Mobārak Hongdān, and Bīrāheh) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Baba Mobaraki	Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stadio Friuli, commercially known as the Dacia Arena, is a multi-purpose stadium in Udine, Friuli, Italy.	Stadio Friuli	Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangristiolus is a village in the middle of Anglesey, Wales, southwest of Llangefni, and is named after Saint Cristiolus.	Llangristiolus	Anglesey	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcantarilha (Portuguese pronunciation: (aɫˈkɐ̃tɐˈɾiʎɐ)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Silves, Portugal.	Alcantarilha	Silves
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maréna Diombougou, often simply Maréna, is a village and commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Maréna Diombougou	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pordenowo (pɔrdɛˈnɔvɔ) (German: Pordenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pordenowo	Gmina Lichnowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rhine roughly forms the German-Swiss border from Lake Constance with the exceptions of the canton of Schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of Zürich and Basel-Stadt, until it turns north at the so-called Rhine knee at Basel, leaving Switzerland.	Rhine	Basel-Stadt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tug Valley High School is a consolidated school serving rural northern Mingo County, West Virginia.	Tug Valley High School	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Gayndah was a local government area located in the northern catchment of the Burnett River, Queensland, Australia.	Shire of Gayndah	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inchkeith (from the Scottish Gaelic: Innis Cheith) is an island in the Firth of Forth, Scotland, administratively part of the Kinghorn parish of the county of Fife.	Inchkeith	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uchhaith is a village in Madhubani District, Bihar, India.	Uchhaith	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edmonds Unitarian Universalist Church (EUUC) in Edmonds, Washington is a Unitarian Universalist church.	Edmonds Unitarian Universalist Church	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sellasia (Greek: Σελλασία, before 1929: Βρουλιά - Vroulia) is a village in Laconia, Greece.	Sellasia	Laconia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dry Creek Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area in Sonoma County, California, located northwest of the town of Healdsburg.	Dry Creek Valley AVA	Sonoma County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbus Marsh is a playa in Nevada, USA.	Columbus Marsh	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Meqdar (Persian: پيرمقدار‎, also Romanized as Pīr Meqdār; also known as Pīr Meqdād) is a village in Sursur Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pir Meqdar	Sursur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lerab Ling is a Tibetan Buddhist centre founded in 1992 by Sogyal Rinpoche in Roqueredonde, near Lodève in Languedoc-Roussillon, France.	Lerab Ling	Roqueredonde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niemysłowice (ɲɛmɨswɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prudnik, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Niemysłowice	Gmina Prudnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Decency Association (ADA) is a non-profit organization associated with the Christian right based in Fremont, Michigan.	American Decency Association	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luis T. Diaz Coliseum (Spanish: Coliseo Luis T. Diaz) is the main arena in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico.	Luis T. Diaz Coliseum	Aguadilla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Mountain State Park is a 3,712 acre (15.02 km²) Georgia state park located between Chatsworth and Ellijay on Fort Mountain.	Fort Mountain State Park	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFZX (102.1 FM) is a radio station located in the Midland/Odessa, Texas market which plays a classic rock music format.	KFZX	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glamorgan Building is an Edwardian former county hall located in Cardiff, Wales.	Glamorgan Building	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bungudu (or Bungundu) is a Local Government Area in Zamfara State, Nigeria.	Bungudu	Zamfara State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Kalantar (Persian: مزرعه كلانتر‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kalāntar) is a village in Shohada Rural District, in the Central District of Meybod County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 40 families.	Mazraeh-ye Kalantar	Shohada Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bald Mountain Recreation Area is a 4,637-acre (1,877 ha) state park located near Lake Orion, Michigan off M-24.	Bald Mountain Recreation Area	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bansaid-e Olya (Persian: بان سعيدعليا‎, also Romanized as Bānsa``īd-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sursur Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 45 families.	Bansaid-e Olya	Sursur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nambung River is a river in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, 170 kilometres (106 mi) north of Perth.	Nambung River	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podkrasne (pɔtˈkrasnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Podkrasne	Gmina Stary Zamość
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wicimice (vit͡ɕiˈmit͡sɛ) (German: Witzmitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wicimice	Gmina Płoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	McDonald Peak (9,820 feet (2,993 m)) is located in the U.S. state of Montana and is the highest peak in the Mission Mountains.	McDonald Peak	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frankford Avenue Bridge, also known as the Pennypack Creek Bridge, the Pennypack Bridge, the Holmesburg Bridge, and the King's Highway Bridge, erected in 1697 in the Holmesburg section of Northeast Philadelphia, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, is the oldest surviving roadway bridge in the United States.	Frankford Avenue Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 344 (FM 344) is a 18.126-mile (29.171 km) farm to market road located in Smith County, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 344	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rehambal is a census town in Udhampur district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.	Rehambal	Udhampur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wonorze (vɔˈnɔʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wonorze	Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derwent Park Road is a major link road that connects the Brooker Highway to the Main Road, in the northern suburbs of Hobart, Tasmania.	Derwent Park Road	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manor Street Elementary School, also known as Manor Street School, is a historic elementary school building located at Columbia in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Manor Street Elementary School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnhartvale, originally Barnhart Vale, is located at the southeast end of Kamloops, south of Dallas in British Columbia, Canada.	Barnhartvale	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sturgis Motorcycle Museum & Hall of Fame is a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving the history of motorcycling while honoring the heritage of the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in Sturgis, South Dakota.	Sturgis Motorcycle Museum & Hall of Fame	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dareveyan (Persian: درويان‎, also Romanized as Dareveyān; also known as Dalvīān, Darreh Vīān, and Darreh-ye Īvān) is a village in Saral Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dareveyan	Saral Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radwinter is a village and a civil parish on the B1053 road, in the Uttlesford district of the county of Essex, England.	Radwinter	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trier lies in a valley between low vine-covered hills of red sandstone in the west of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, near the border with Luxembourg and within the important Moselle wine region.	Trier	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeyah Baghi (Persian: قيه باغي‎, also Romanized as Qeyah Bāghī) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District, in the Central District of Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qeyah Baghi	Mofatteh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warmbüchenviertel is a quarter in the ward of Mitte in Hanover.	Warmbüchenviertel	Hanover
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seward, North Carolina is a small unincorporated community in western Forsyth County, North Carolina (Powell 1968, p. 446).	Seward, North Carolina	Forsyth County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zizers (Romansh: Zir or Zezras) is a municipality in the district of Landquart in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Zizers	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vail Ski Resort is located in Eagle County, Colorado, next to the town of Vail.	Vail Ski Resort	Eagle County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlake Airport (FAA LID: O42) is a public airport located two miles (3.2 km) south of Woodlake, serving Tulare County, California, USA.	Woodlake Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ten Museum Park is a residential skyscraper in the City of Miami, Florida, United States.	Ten Museum Park	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pardaram (Persian: پردارم‎, also Romanized as Pardāram) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pardaram	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iradier Arena, also known as Plaza de Toros de Vitoria-Gasteiz, is an arena and bullring in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain.	Iradier Arena	Vitoria-Gasteiz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balveh (Persian: بلوه‎‎) is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Balveh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Rowena Memorial School is located on NY 23A, at the junction with NY 32A, in Palenville, New York, United States.	Rowena Memorial School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jardin botanique littoral Paul Jovet (2.5 hectares) is a nonprofit botanical garden located at 31, avenue Bernoville Gaëtan, Saint-Jean-de-Luz, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Aquitaine, France.	Jardin botanique littoral Paul Jovet	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrociszów Dolny (vrɔˈt͡ɕiʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ) (German: Nieder Rudelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Wrociszów Dolny	Gmina Sulików
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lucius Gleason House, also known as Liverpool Village Hall and as the Gleason Mansion, is a historic home located at Liverpool, Onondaga County, New York.	Lucius Gleason House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anar-e Shirin-e Seh (Persian: انارشيرين3‎, also Romanized as Anār-e Shīrīn-e Seh; also known as Anār-e Shīrīn) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Anar-e Shirin-e Seh	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morelos Cañada is the municipal seat of Cañada Morelos Municipality in the eastern central region of the Mexican state of Puebla.	Morelos Cañada	Cañada Morelos Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waterbury Municipal Center Complex, also known as the Cass Gilbert National Register District, is a group of five buildings, including City Hall, on Field and Grand streets in Waterbury, Connecticut, United States.	Waterbury Municipal Center Complex	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masekwaspoort Pass is in the Limpopo Province, on the N1, on the road between Makhado and Musina (South Africa).	Masekwaspoort	Limpopo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bay of Fundy (French: Baie de Fundy) is a bay on the Atlantic coast of North America, on the northeast end of the Gulf of Maine between the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, with a small portion touching the U.S. state of Maine.	Bay of Fundy	New Brunswick	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Superior Propane Centre, is a multi-purpose arena in Moncton, New Brunswick with four NHL sized ice surfaces, one of which (the Champions Arena) has seating for 1,500 spectators.	Superior Propane Centre	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szówsko (ˈʂufskɔ) (Ukrainian: Шівсько, Shivs’ko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Szówsko	Gmina Wiązownica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croscombe is a village and civil parish 2 miles (3 km) west of Shepton Mallet and 4 miles (6 km) from Wells, in the Mendip district of Somerset, England.	Croscombe	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teynampet (Tamil: தேனாம்பேட்டை) is one of the busiest commercial localities in the city of Chennai, India.	Teynampet	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King County Courthouse is the administrative building housing the judicial branch of King County, Washington government.	King County Courthouse	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assawompset Pond is a reservoir/pond within the towns of Lakeville and Middleboro, in southeastern Massachusetts.	Assawompset Pond	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooper Mountain Nature Park is a 231 acres (93 ha) nature park in the Portland metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Cooper Mountain Nature Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardeh-ye Pain (Persian: زرده پايين‎‎, also Romanized as Zardeh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Zar Deh-e Soflá) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zardeh-ye Pain	Keshvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravenswoud (West Frisian: Ravenswâld) is a village consisting of about 420 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Ravenswoud	Ooststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaświłki (jaɕˈfiu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jaświłki	Gmina Jaświły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott's Bottom Nature Area or simply Scott's Bottom is a park located along the Green River in southwestern Wyoming and is maintained by the city of Green River, Wyoming.	Scott's Bottom Nature Area	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasham-e Champeh (Persian: حشم چمپه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasham-e Champeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hasham-e Champeh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad-e Chah Rigan (Persian: اله ابادچاه ريگان‎, also Romanized as Allahābād-e Chāh Rīgān) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Allahabad-e Chah Rigan	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Güell (Catalan: Parc Güell (ˈparɡ ˈɡweʎ)) is a public park system composed of gardens and architectonic elements located on Carmel Hill, in Barcelona, Catalonia (Spain).	Park Güell	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greensboro Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 7A0) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) southwest of the central business district of Greensboro, a city in Hale County, Alabama, United States.	Greensboro Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulęcinek (sulɛnˈt͡ɕinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sulęcinek	Gmina Krzykosy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cawston Ostrich Farm, located in South Pasadena, California, United States, was opened in 1886 by Edwin Cawston.	Cawston Ostrich Farm	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodnestone Park is a stately home and gardens in the southern part of the village of Goodnestone, Dover, Kent.	Goodnestone Park	Dover
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHBM-FM (93.7 FM) is a classic rock formatted radio station licensed to Monticello, Arkansas, USA.	KHBM-FM	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vingrom is a village in the municipality of Lillehammer, Norway, located just north of the Gjøvik border by the lake Mjøsa.	Vingrom	Lillehammer
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Avenue School is a historic school building at Glen Burnie, Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	First Avenue School	Anne Arundel County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton, Missouri was a small hamlet in rural Platte County, Missouri.	Hampton, Missouri	Platte County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haus Lange and Haus Esters are residential houses designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe in Krefeld, Germany.	Haus Lange and Haus Esters	Krefeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heuchelberg is a hill ridge, about 15 kilometres long and up to 353 m above sea level (NN), a few kilometres southwest of the city of Heilbronn in the eponymous county in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Heuchelberg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	321 North Clark at Riverfront Plaza is a 35-story, 155.45 m (510.0 ft) skyscraper constructed from 1983 to 1987 in Chicago, Illinois.	321 North Clark	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skelwith Bridge is a small village in the southern area of the Lake District in Cumbria.	Skelwith Bridge	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mittaggüpfi (also known as Gnepfstein) is a mountain of the Emmental Alps, located west of Mount Pilatus on the border between the Swiss cantons of Lucerne and Obwalden.	Mittaggüpfi	Obwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdzisław Krzyszkowiak Stadium (Polish: Kompleks Sportowy ``Zawisza'' im. Zdzisława Krzyszkowiaka w Bydgoszczy) is a multi-use stadium in Bydgoszcz, Poland.	Zdzisław Krzyszkowiak Stadium	Bydgoszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chambers Institution is home to the Tweeddale Museum and Gallery, a museum, library and art gallery at Peebles in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland.	Chambers Institution	Scottish Borders	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Watson House, at 7 State Street between Pearl and Water Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City, was built in 1793 and extended in 1806, and is now the rectory of the Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton.	James Watson House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molla Deh (Persian: ملاده‎, also Romanized as Mollā Deh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Molla Deh	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Brown Street in Liverpool, England, is a road that is remarkable for its concentration of public buildings.	William Brown Street	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansfield City School District is a public school district serving students in the city of Mansfield, and northwestern parts of Madison Township in Richland County, Ohio, United States.	Mansfield City School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	KROM is a Regional Mexican radio station in San Antonio, Texas, broadcasting at 92.9 FM.	KROM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koleh Savari (Persian: كله سواري‎, also Romanized as Koleh Savārī) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Koleh Savari	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Afro-American Sons and Daughters Hospital, in Yazoo City, Mississippi, also known as the Afro-American Hospital was built in 1928.	Afro-American Sons and Daughters Hospital	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motla Kuh (Persian: مطلاكوه‎, also Romanized as Moţlā Kūh) is a village in Kojid Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Motla Kuh	Kojid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frost Building is a curved 7 and 6 storey office building complex on the south east side of Queen's Park Crescent in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Frost Building	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soghad (Persian: صغاد‎, also Romanized as Şoghād; also known as Soqād and Sughāt) is a city in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Soghad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inkwenkwezi Private Game Reserve, is located approximately 30 km north-east of East London, and is situated within an area of 100 km² encompassing five different biomes in the wild coast region of South Africa's Eastern Cape province.	Inkwenkwezi Private Game Reserve	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yujing District (Chinese: 玉井區; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Gio̍k-chéⁿ) is a rural district in eastern Tainan, Taiwan.	Yujing District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZOO (1210 AM) is a radio station catering to the Japanese community of Honolulu, Hawaii.	KZOO	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatlon Region (Tajik: Хатлон/Persian: ختلان‎), sometimes misspelt Khatlan, one of the three provinces of Tajikistan (Tajik: вилоят, viloyat) and is the most populous of the four first level administrative regions.	Khatlon Region	Tajikistan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haddam-e Do (Persian: هدام دو‎, also Romanized as Ḩaddām-e Do) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Haddam-e Do	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station occupies a site near Jenkinsville, South Carolina, in Fairfield County, South Carolina, approximately 20 miles (32 km) northwest of Columbia.	Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lomba da Maia is a civil parish in the municipality of Ribeira Grande in the Portuguese Azores.	Lomba da Maia	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosławice (rɔswaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Rosławice	Gmina Ośno Lubuskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presentation College, Windsor is a private independent Irish Catholic, secondary, day school for girls, located in Windsor, an inner suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Presentation College, Windsor	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	German Village is a historic neighborhood in Columbus, Ohio, just south of downtown.	German Village	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Viper Room is a nightclub located on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, California.	The Viper Room	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hay Lake School is a historic schoolhouse in Scandia, Minnesota, United States, in use from 1896 to 1963.	Hay Lake School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straža pri Moravčah (pronounced (ˈstɾaːʒa pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax)) is a small settlement east of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Straža pri Moravčah	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hall of State (originally the State of Texas Building) is a building in Dallas's Fair Park that commemorates the history of the U.S. state of Texas and is considered one of the best examples of Art Deco architecture in the state.	Hall of State	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrów Mazowiecka County (Polish: powiat ostrowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Ostrów Mazowiecka County	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ljuša (Serbian: Љуша) is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija, Serbia.	Ljuša	Kuršumlija
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aren-e Sofla (Persian: ارن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āren-e Soflá; also known as Āren-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Aren-e Sofla	Bezenjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Station Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the Pakenham/Cranbourne railway lines from Hughesdale railway station to Centre Road, Clayton in the inner southern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Station Trail	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charbice Górne (xarˈbit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Charbice Górne	Gmina Lutomiersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helmcken House is a museum in Victoria, British Columbia, located in Thunderbird Park.	Helmcken House	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holly Street Livery Stable is a historic livery stable located at 110 E. Holly St. in Pasadena, California.	Holly Street Livery Stable	Pasadena
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Misericordia Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in west Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Misericordia Community Hospital	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minto Al Wright Airport (IATA: MNT, FAA LID: 51Z) is a state owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) east of the central business district of Minto, in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Minto Al Wright Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Aghaj Poshteh (Persian: قره اغاج پشته‎, also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj Poshteh; also known as Poshteh-ye Qareh Āghāj) is a village in Yaft Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qarah Aghaj Poshteh	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viejas Casino and Resort is a hotel casino and outlet center owned by the Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians, located in Alpine, California.	Viejas Casino	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Rybie (ˈstarɛ ˈrɨbjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Stare Rybie	Gmina Limanowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowberiz (Persian: جوبريز‎, also Romanized as Jowberīz) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Jowberiz	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dimeh-ye Shakraleh (Persian: ديمه شكراله‎, also Romanized as Dīmeh-ye Shaḵrāleh; also known as Dīmeh-ye Shargelar) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dimeh-ye Shakraleh	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Chishill is a village forming part of the civil parish of Great and Little Chishill in the south of the county of Cambridgeshire.	Great Chishill	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Construction of the Russell Theatre was announced by Maysville, Kentucky businessman Col. J. Russell Barbour in 1928.	Russell Theatre	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzgah (Persian: پوزگاه‎, also Romanized as Pūzgāh and Poozgah; also known as Pūrgan and Pūzeh Gāh) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District, Rig District, Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Puzgah	Rudhaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harper-Chesser House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgetown, Texas.	Harper-Chesser House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Otter Creek Archaeological Site is a prehistoric Native American site in rural Franklin County, Virginia.	Otter Creek Archaeological Site	Franklin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Miege High School is a fully accredited private Catholic high school, located in Roeland Park, Kansas, USA.	Bishop Miege High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milltown of Rothiemay (Scottish Gaelic: Ràth a' Mhuigh) is a small inland village, built mostly of granite, in the north-east of Scotland and is within the Moray council area bordering neighbouring Aberdeenshire across the river to the south-east.	Milltown of Rothiemay	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United Presbyterian Church of Shedd (also known as Valley Rose Chapel) is a historic Presbyterian church at 30045 OR 99 East in Shedd, Oregon.	United Presbyterian Church of Shedd	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salmon Ruins is an ancient Chacoan and Pueblo site located in the northwest corner of New Mexico, USA.	Salmon Ruins	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durangaldea (Spanish: Duranguesado) is a comarca of Biscay located in the Basque Country, Spain.	Durangaldea	Biscay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bryce is a mountain at the southwestern corner of the Columbia Icefield, in British Columbia near the border with Alberta.	Mount Bryce	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nangiarkulangara is a relatively small town situated near Haripad, Alappuzha district in the state of Kerala, India.	Nangiarkulangara	Alappuzha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łucka (ˈwut͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łucka	Gmina Lubartów
located in the administrative territorial entity	SciWorks, the Science Center and Environmental Park of Forsyth County is a science museum in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	SciWorks	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gom Eshaq (Persian: گم اسحاق‎, also Romanized as Gom Esḩāq; also known as Gomeh Esḩāq) is a village in Azari Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gom Eshaq	Azari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhigan-e Bala (Persian: كوهيگان بالا‎, also Romanized as Kūhīgān-e Bālā; also known as Kūhegān, Kūhegān-e Bālā, and Kūhīkān) is a village in Damen Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kuhigan-e Bala	Damen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newsome Sinks Karst Area is a privately owned karst formation in Morgan County, Alabama.	Newsome Sinks Karst Area	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Methodist Church, Gatlinburg in Gatlinburg, Tennessee was designed by Charles I. Barber in Late Gothic Revival style.	First Methodist Church, Gatlinburg	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farahan Kabar (Persian: فرحان كبر‎, also Romanized as Faraḩān Kabar) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Farahan Kabar	Chenaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windsor Arena (nicknamed The Barn, because of its age, wooden construction, and its appearance of a giant barn) is an indoor arena located in Windsor, Ontario.	Windsor Arena	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saw Township (Burmese: ဆောမြို့နယ်, Burmese pronunciation: (sʰɔ́ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is a township of Gangaw District in the Magway Region of Burma (Myanmar).	Saw Township	Gangaw District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzeh Do Demeh (Persian: پوزه دودمه‎, also Romanized as Pūzeh Do Demeh; also known as Pūzehdeymeh) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Puzeh Do Demeh	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solniki Małe (sɔlˈniki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Solniki Małe	Gmina Bierutów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białogórne (bʲawɔˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Białogórne	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agami (Egyptian Arabic: العجمى el-ʿAgami, mostly shortened to عجمى, IPA: (ˈʕæɡæmi);, (elˈʕæɡæmi l.biˈtˤɑːʃ)) is a city in the Alexandria Governorate of Egypt.	Agami	Alexandria Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oasis Leisure Centre (commonly Swindon Oasis) is an entertainment and sports complex, situated outside Swindon town centre.	Oasis Leisure Centre	Swindon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Eyrie is an English Tudor-style castle built by General William Jackson Palmer, the founder of Colorado Springs.	Glen Eyrie	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dickson Field (FAA LID: 75WT) is a private airport located 7 miles (11 km) east of Oroville, Washington, which is a city in the Okanogan region of United States.	Dickson Field	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Fork Little Snake River is an 18.2-mile-long (29.3 km) tributary of the Little Snake River in Routt County, Colorado.	South Fork Little Snake River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartford Castle is the ruins of a 19th-century residence located near Hartford, Illinois.	Hartford Castle	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chakloo (in revenue record Chakla) is a village on the bank of the Jhelum River in Jammu and Kashmir state, India.	Chakloo	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkbuddo is a village in the county of Angus, Scotland, between the towns of Forfar and Carnoustie.	Kirkbuddo	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Ynez Airport (IATA: SQA, ICAO: KIZA, FAA LID: IZA) is a public airport located one mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Santa Ynez, in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County, California.	Santa Ynez Airport	Santa Barbara County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durbanville is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa, part of the greater City of Cape Town metropolitan area.	Durbanville	City of Cape Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedini (Sassarese: Séddini) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 180 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Sassari.	Sedini	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Attleborough High School is a public high school in North Attleborough, Massachusetts, educating grades 9 through 12 with over one thousand students enrolled.	North Attleborough High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Darby River, a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment, is located in the South Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Darby River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shady Side Academy is an independent preparatory school located in the Borough of Fox Chapel (suburban Pittsburgh), and in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Shady Side Academy	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virivilai is a very small village situated in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu, India.	Virivilai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVNI (95.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Nashville, Indiana and serving the Bloomington, Indiana area.	WVNI	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 3 April 2007 the Premier of New South Wales Morris Iemma appointed Bret Walker, a Senior Counsel, to undertake a commission of inquiry into Sydney Ferries' operations.	Sydney Ferries	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heartland Park Topeka is a multi-purpose motorsports facility located 5 miles (8 km) south of Topeka, Kansas.	Heartland Park Topeka	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luskintyre Airfield is a private aerodrome in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.	Luskintyre Airfield	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorbacze (ɡɔrˈbat͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Gorbacze	Gmina Michałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudzir (Persian: رودزير‎, also Romanized as Rūdzīr) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rudzir	Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golhar (Persian: گلهر‎) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Golhar	Rowzeh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jedburgh Abbey, a ruined Augustinian abbey which was founded in the 12th century, is situated in the town of Jedburgh, in the Scottish Borders 10 miles (16 km) north of the border with England at Carter Bar.	Jedburgh Abbey	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Greylock State Reservation is a Massachusetts state park that was created in 1898 as Massachusetts' first public land for the purpose of forest preservation.	Mount Greylock State Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolijan Rostaq District (Persian: بخش کلیجان‌رستاق‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kolijan Rostaq District	Sari County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawyet el-Maiyitin or Zawyet Sultan or Zawyet el-Amwat is a small village in Egypt, located in the Minya Governorate.	Zawyet el-Maiyitin	Minya Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minffordd (roadside in Welsh) is a village within the Welsh county of Gwynedd.	Minffordd	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelugireh-ye Sofla (Persian: جلوگيره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Jelūgīreh-ye Soflá; also known as Jelogīreh-ye Soflá) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Jelugireh-ye Sofla	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishalgarh (Bengali: বিশালগড়) is a major town located in the Sepahijala district, Tripura, India.	Bishalgarh	Tripura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Headquartered at the National Weather Center in Norman, Oklahoma, the Storm Prediction Center is tasked with forecasting the risk of severe thunderstorms and tornadoes in the contiguous United States.	Storm Prediction Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilanova de Sau is a town in the comarca of the Osona in Catalonia, eastern Spain.	Vilanova de Sau	Osona
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Taiwan University Sports Center (traditional Chinese: 台大綜合體育館) is a major multi-purpose indoor arena in National Taiwan University, Taipei City, Taiwan.	National Taiwan University Sports Center	Taipei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nandavaram is a village in the Banaganapalle mandal of the Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Nandavaram	Kurnool district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pioneer State High School is located in Andergrove, Mackay, Queensland and was established on 28 January 1986.	Pioneer State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heidelberg-Südstadt (``South Town'') is a district of the city of Heidelberg in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Heidelberg-Südstadt	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyla (Greek: Πύλα; Turkish: Pile) is a village in Larnaca District, Cyprus.	Pyla	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skierbieszów-Kolonia (skʲɛrˈbjɛʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skierbieszów-Kolonia	Gmina Skierbieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Deh (Persian: دوده‎, also Romanized as Dodeh) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Do Deh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Türkeş (also, Tirkeş, Tirkesh, and Tyurkesh) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Türkeş	Shahbuz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sade Budy (ˈsadɛ ˈbudɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sade Budy	Gmina Jaktorów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trocaire College is a private Roman Catholic college in Buffalo, New York located within the Diocese of Buffalo.	Trocaire College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cold Spring and Inscription Rock Historic District is a 2-acre (0.81 ha) historic district in Cimarron County, Oklahoma, near Boise City, Oklahoma that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994.	Cold Spring and Inscription Rock Historic District	Cimarron County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halsall is a village and civil parish in West Lancashire, England, located close to Ormskirk on the A5147 and Leeds and Liverpool Canal.	Halsall	West Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wattle Point Wind Farm is a wind farm near Edithburgh on the Yorke Peninsula in South Australia, which has been operating since April 2005.	Wattle Point Wind Farm	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurani (Persian: شوراني‎, also Romanized as Shūrānī; also known as Shūrūni) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shurani	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glinsko (pronounced (ˈɡliːnskɔ)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Glinsko	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ukrainian Cultural and Educational Centre, (also known as Oseredok which is ``centre'' in Ukrainian) is a museum, gallery, and library in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Ukrainian Cultural and Educational Centre	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carcross, originally known as Caribou Crossing, is an unincorporated community in Yukon, Canada, on Bennett Lake and Nares Lake.	Carcross	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steeple Langford is a village and civil parish on the River Wylye in the English county of Wiltshire, 6 miles (10 km) northwest of Wilton.	Steeple Langford	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Salman (Persian: پيرسلمان‎, also Romanized as Pīr Salmān; also known as Soleymānīyeh) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pir Salman	Sarab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavaveix-les-Mines (La Vavetz in occitan) is a commune in the Creuse department in the Limousin region in central France.	Lavaveix-les-Mines	Creuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gaelic Grounds or Páirc na nGael is the principal GAA stadium in the Irish city of Limerick, home to the Limerick hurling and football teams.	Gaelic Grounds	Limerick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perumalapalli is a small village of Nandimangalam Panchayat in Hosur taluk and municipality in Krishnagiri district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Perumalapalli	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Asghar Kutki (Persian: علي اصغركوتكي‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Āṣghar Kūtḵī) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ali Asghar Kutki	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Rita de Cássia (once called Rio Preto and Ibipetuba) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Bahia.	Santa Rita de Cássia	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snorum is a village, nowadays more like a farm, in Jörns socken, Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden.	Snorum	Skellefteå Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llandysilio is a village and community in Powys, Wales.	Llandysilio	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balqoli-ye Kohneh (Persian: بلقلي كهنه‎, also Romanized as Balqolī-ye Kohneh; also known as Bolāgholī-ye Kohneh and Bolāghlī Kohneh) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Balqoli-ye Kohneh	Golestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackburn with Darwen is a unitary authority area in Lancashire, North West England.	Blackburn with Darwen	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Carr College is an Australian independent co-educational Roman Catholic day school in Tarneit in the western suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria.	Thomas Carr College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazem Kola (Persian: كاظم كلا‎, also Romanized as Kāz̧em Kolā) is a village in Langarud Rural District, Salman Shahr District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kazem Kola	Langarud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wharton Field House and Browning Field were the subject of a 2013 book ``A Century of Players, Performers, and Pageants: Wharton Field House and Browning Field, Moline, Illinois,'' by Curtis C. Roseman and Diann Moore.	Wharton Field House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomona Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls high school in Pomona, California built in 1949.	Pomona Catholic High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pollagh also spelled Pullough (Irish: Pollach) is a village in County Offaly, Ireland, located in the midlands of Ireland.	Pollagh	County Offaly
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Cheneaux Islands (French: ``The Channels'') are a group of 36 small islands, some inhabited, along 12 miles of Lake Huron shoreline on the southeastern tip of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.	Les Cheneaux Islands	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildwood Centre is a lifestyle center and commercial office park in Birmingham, Alabama, USA.	Wildwood Centre	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carleton Farms Landfill is located in Sumpter Township of Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Carleton Farms Landfill	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stawowice-Kolonia (stavɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stawowice-Kolonia	Gmina Paradyż
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Stone Congregational Church, also known as the First Congregational Church of Lyons, is a historic church in Lyons, Colorado, built in 1894-5 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.	Old Stone Congregational Church	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vangathangudi aka Vengathangudi is a typical village which is close to Mannargudi, in Thiruvarur District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Vangathangudi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dagnall is a village in the parish of Edlesborough Northall and Dagnall, in Buckinghamshire, England.	Dagnall	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radmirje (pronounced (ɾadˈmiːɾjɛ)) is a village south of Ljubno ob Savinji in Slovenia.	Radmirje	Ljubno ob Savinji
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marina di Marittima is a seaside resort on the Adriatic coast of Salento in the comune of Diso in the province of Lecce in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	Marina di Marittima	Diso
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Cady House, also known historically as the Babcock Tavern, is a historic house at 484 Mile Hill Road in Tolland, Connecticut.	John Cady House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vani Sar (Persian: واني سر‎, also Romanized as Vānī Sar; also known as Dārlī Sar) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Vani Sar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armona Union Academy (AUA) is a K-12 school in Armona, California.	Armona Union Academy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanford Airport (FAA LID: S64) is a county owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Stanford, a city in Judith Basin County, Montana, United States.	Stanford Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garret Mountain Reservation is 568 acre (2.3 km2) park located primarily in Woodland Park in southern Passaic County, New Jersey, United States and one of several National Natural Landmarks in New Jersey.	Garret Mountain Reservation	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marylebone Road (i/ˈmɑːrlᵻbən/ MAR-li-bən) is an important thoroughfare in central London, within the City of Westminster.	Marylebone Road	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valusek (Persian: ولوسك‎, also Romanized as Valūsek) is a village in Aqda Rural District, Aqda District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Valusek	Aqda Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Shahijan District (Persian: بخش چنار شاهیجان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chenar Shahijan District	Kazerun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WENC (1220 AM) is a radio station licensed to Whiteville, North Carolina, USA.	WENC	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Tey Tahlivan (Persian: دره تي تهليون‎, also Romanized as Darreh Tey Tahlīvan) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Tey Tahlivan	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anna Ranch Heritage Center is a former cattle ranch in Waimea, Hawaii County, Hawaii named for Anna Leialoha Lindsey Perry-Fiske (1900--1995).	Anna Ranch Heritage Center	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	L. M. Clayton Airport (IATA: OLF, ICAO: KOLF, FAA LID: OLF) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Wolf Point, a city in Roosevelt County, Montana, United States.	L. M. Clayton Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wikcinek (vikˈt͡ɕinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wikcinek	Gmina Nowa Sucha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Cain Alpine Park is home to the Mount Cain Ski Area in northern Vancouver Island just southeast of Woss, British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Cain Alpine Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alan B. Miller Hall is the new home of the Mason School of Business at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States.	Alan B. Miller Hall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kareh Tutubardi (Persian: كره توتوبردي‎, also Romanized as Kareh Tūtūbardī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kareh Tutubardi	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	T.H. Stone Memorial St. Joseph Peninsula State Park is a Florida State Park on the St. Joseph Peninsula near Port St. Joe.	T.H. Stone Memorial St. Joseph Peninsula State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagmaryp (Dutch: Akmarijp) is a village in the Dutch province of Friesland.	Eagmaryp	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arrowsmith School is a private school in Toronto, Ontario, for children in Grades 1 to 12 with learning disabilities (also referred to as ``specific learning difficulties'').	Arrowsmith School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hyland River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located near the boundary with Yukon along the Alaska Highway just east of the community of Lower Post and north of the Liard River.	Hyland River Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danebod (pronounced ``DAHN-a-bo'', or ``DAN-a-bo'') is a historic district at the south edge of the railway town of Tyler in southwestern Minnesota.	Danebod	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liśnik Duży-Kolonia (ˈliɕnik ˈduʐɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Liśnik Duży-Kolonia	Gmina Gościeradów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębowica (dɛmbɔˈvit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dębowica	Gmina Trzebieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilipki (piˈlipki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pilipki	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaukura or Kaheko is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia, 48km long and 15km wide.	Kaukura	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Fryske Marren is a municipality of Friesland in the northern Netherlands.	De Fryske Marren	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tavus (Persian: سرطاووس‎, also Romanized as Sar Ţāvūs) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sar Tavus	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallington County Grammar School (WCGS) is a state-funded boys' grammar school located in the London Borough of Sutton.	Wallington County Grammar School	London Borough of Sutton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washougal High School is a public school in the Washougal School District founded in the early 1900s in Clark County, Washington.	Washougal High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaligham (Persian: شليغم‎, also Romanized as Shalīgham) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shaligham	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shesh Yekan (Persian: شش يكان‎, also Romanized as Shesh Yekān; also known as Shashīgān) is a village in Fash Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shesh Yekan	Fash Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oneonta Theatre is a historic theatre building located at Oneonta in Otsego County, New York.	Oneonta Theatre	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyle (Welsh: Y Pîl ) is a village and community in Bridgend county borough, Wales.	Pyle	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pforta, or Schulpforta, is a former Cistercian monastery, Pforta Abbey (1137-1540), near Naumburg on the Saale River in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Pforta	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stanford Theatre is a classical independent movie theater in Palo Alto, California.	Stanford Theatre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goblins Gate, or Goblin Gates, is a narrow gorge, about 20 feet (6.1 m) across, on the Elwha River in the U.S. state of Washington.	Goblins Gate	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hudson-Evans House is a private, single-family home located at 79 Alfred Street in Midtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Brush Park district.	Hudson-Evans House	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beenham is a village and civil parish centred 6 miles (9.7 km) east of Newbury in West Berkshire.	Beenham	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuya Range is a range of tuyas, located in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains in the far northr of the Canadian province of British Columbia, near its border with the Yukon Territory and to the southwest of Watson Lake, Yukon, which is the nearest major settlement.	Tuya Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metro Garibaldi, also known as Garibaldi/Lagunilla, is a station on the Mexico City Metro.	Metro Garibaldi	Mexico City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palau Sant Jordi (Catalan pronunciation: (pəˈɫaw ˈsaɲ ˈʒɔrði), English: St. George's Palace) is an indoor sporting arena and multi-purpose installation that is part of the Olympic Ring complex located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Palau Sant Jordi	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Craigie Flour Mill Historical Marker is a wayside rest on Minnesota State Highway 78 in Otter Tail County, Minnesota.	Craigie Flour Mill Historical Marker	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaropie (zaˈrɔpjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zaropie	Gmina Biecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Junkerdal National Park (Norwegian: Junkerdal nasjonalpark) is a national park that lies in the municipalities of Saltdal and Fauske in Nordland county, Norway, along the border with Sweden.	Junkerdal National Park	Saltdal	Fauske
located in the administrative territorial entity	Method Road Soccer Stadium (usually called Method Road) is the on campus soccer stadium at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Method Road Soccer Stadium	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capitol Park Historic District is a historic district located in downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Capitol Park Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waverly Place is a narrow street, in the Greenwich Village section of the New York City borough of Manhattan, that runs from Bank Street to Broadway.	Waverly Place	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Laran (Persian: ابلاران‎, also Romanized as Āb Lārān; also known as Āb Lārūn) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Ab Laran	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bysław (ˈbɨswaf) (German: Groß Bislaw) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bysław	Gmina Lubiewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dammträsk (Swedish for ``Pond Swamp'') is a small man made lake within the Tyresån Lake System, located in Haninge Municipality, south of central Stockholm, Sweden.	Dammträsk	Haninge Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bordj El Houasse (also written Bordj El Haouasse or Bordj El Haouès) is a town and commune in Djanet District, Illizi Province, Algeria.	Bordj El Houasse	Djanet District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyedrum Art & Music Gallery is a non-profit art space and venue in Atlanta, Georgia focused on contemporary art and experimental music ranging from contemporary chamber music and sound sculpture to drone noise music and art rock.	Eyedrum	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iligan, officially the City of Iligan or simply Iligan City (Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Iligan; Filipino: Lungsod ng Iligan) is a highly urbanized city in the Northern Mindanao region, Philippines.	Iligan	Northern Mindanao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mendarda is a taluka of District Junagadh the State of Gujarat with a population of approximately 23,031.	Mendarda	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Croghan was the third of the first four forts established by the United States government to protect settlers from hostile Indians along the Texas frontier.	Fort Croghan	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Napoleon Community Schools is a public school district located in Napoleon, Michigan, approximately 7 miles South East of Jackson, Michigan.	Napoleon Community Schools	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bualintur (Scottish Gaelic: Buaile an Todhair) is a remote township, which lies at the head of Loch Brittle on the island of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Bualintur	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ehlange-sur-Mess (Luxembourgish: Éiléng, German: Ehlingen) is a small town in the commune of Reckange-sur-Mess, in south-western Luxembourg.	Ehlange-sur-Mess	Reckange-sur-Mess
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cold Spring Bridge is a historic concrete open-spandrel arch bridge located at Whitehall Township and North Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.	Cold Spring Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Public Library is a municipal public library system in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, founded in 1848.	Boston Public Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College Lands were a tract of land in the Northwest Territory, later Ohio, that the Congress donated for the support of a university.	College Lands	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balazar (or Balasar) is one of the seven parishes of the municipality of Póvoa de Varzim.	Balazar	Póvoa de Varzim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pokfield Road Bus Terminus (Chinese: 蒲飛路巴士總站) is a bus terminus located on Pok Fu Lam Road, Central and Western District, Hong Kong	Pokfield Road Bus Terminus	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisalpur is a city and as well as a municipal board situated in the Pilibhit district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Bisalpur	Pilibhit district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bindal is a municipality in the Helgeland region in the extreme southwest part of Nordland county, Norway.	Bindal	Nordland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumberland Homesteads is a community located in Cumberland County, Tennessee, United States.	Cumberland Homesteads	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Hardy County Courthouse, also known as ``First'' Hardy County Courthouse, is a historic courthouse building located at Moorefield, Hardy County, West Virginia.	Old Hardy County Courthouse	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Rodney was a local government area in the Goulburn Valley region, about 170 kilometres (106 mi) north of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, located between Kyabram and Shepparton.	Shire of Rodney	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh (Persian: محمدابادرزاق زاده‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Razzāqzādeh and Moḩammadābād Razzāqzādeh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nielub (ˈɲelup) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nielub	Gmina Wąbrzeźno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Briton's Protection is an historic, grade II listed public house in central Manchester, England.	The Briton's Protection	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. George's Public School is a public elementary school in London, Ontario.	St. George's Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copperbelt Province in Zambia covers the mineral-rich Copperbelt, and farming and bush areas to the south.	Copperbelt Province	Zambia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hrobce (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦropt͡sɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Hrobce	Litoměřice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Tombstone, also known as the Denton Monument, is a folk art tombstone listed on both the National Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register in the town of Hollins, Virginia, United States.	Old Tombstone	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zapotlanejo is a town and municipality in the Mexican state of Jalisco.	Zapotlanejo	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Downtown Waterbury Historic District is the core of the city of Waterbury, Connecticut, United States.	Downtown Waterbury Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bass River Recreation Area is a 1,665-acre (674 ha) recreation area, located in Allendale Charter Township and Robinson Township, Ottawa County, Michigan.	Bass River Recreation Area	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Ferté-Milon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France	La Ferté-Milon	Aisne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surav (Persian: سوراو‎, also Romanized as Sūrāv; also known as Sūr Āb) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Surav	Beleh Keh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jumel Terrace Historic District is a small New York City and national historic district located in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Jumel Terrace Historic District	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Princess Margaret Road (Chinese: 公主道; pinyin: Gōngzhǔ Dào; Cantonese Yale: gung1 jyu2 dou6; lit. ``Princess Road'') is a road in Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Princess Margaret Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Daraq-e Sofla (Persian: قره درق سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Daraq-e Soflá) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Daraq-e Sofla	Abish Ahmad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcañiz is the capital of the Bajo Aragón comarca and the second city in the province after Teruel.	Alcañiz	Bajo Aragón
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anglican Diocese of Gippsland is located in the Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia, extending from Phillip Island to Mallacoota.	Anglican Diocese of Gippsland	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idzików (iˈd͡ʑikuf) (German: Kieslingswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Idzików	Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Snowy Scheme Museum is a museum in the Snowy Mountains town of Adaminaby, New South Wales, Australia.	Snowy Scheme Museum	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vigentino is a district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 5 administrative division, located south of the city centre.	Vigentino	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burton Coliseum, built in 1976, is located in Lake Charles, Louisiana.	Burton Coliseum	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardzice (barˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bardzice	Gmina Kowala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ararah is a Gram panchayat in Hajipur in the Vaishali district, state of Bihar, India.	Ararah	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Vegas Bay is a bay at the western edge of Lake Mead in the U.S. state of Nevada.	Las Vegas Bay	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lingo Canyon is a canyon in San Luis Obispo county in California.	Lingo Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posof is a district of Ardahan Province of Turkey, in the far east of the country, 75 km from the city of Ardahan.	Posof	Ardahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halifax West High School is a Canadian public high school located in the Clayton Park neighbourhood in the Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia.	Halifax West High School	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulder Hot Springs Hotel is a National Registered Historic Place located southeast of Boulder, Montana.	Boulder Hot Springs Hotel	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brodsworth is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England, situated about five miles north-west of Doncaster.	Brodsworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giovanni in Oleo is a small church in Rome, Italy, devoted to Saint John the Evangelist, on the place where, according to tradition, his martyrdom was attempted.	San Giovanni in Oleo	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponte Lambro (Western Lombard: Puunt) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Milan and about 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Como.	Ponte Lambro	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caergwrle is a village in the county of Flintshire, in north east Wales.	Caergwrle	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyza Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيضا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Beyza Rural District	Beyza District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aughamucky, officially Aghamucky (Irish: Áth an Mhuicí), is a small village in County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland.	Aughamucky	County Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donora-Monessen Bridge, officially known as the Stan Musial Bridge, is a truss bridge that carries vehicular traffic across the Monongahela River between Donora, Pennsylvania and Monessen, Pennsylvania.	Donora-Monessen Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunland Hospital refers to a chain of defunct mental health facilities located throughout the state of Florida.	Sunland Hospital	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gažon (pronounced (ɡaˈʒoːn)) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gažon	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nayarangadi is a little village in Kerala, India, about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) from Kunnamkulam and 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Guruvayoor.	Nayarangadi	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tihu (Pron:ˈtɪhuː) (Assamese: টিহু) is a town and a town area committee established in 1951 in Nalbari district in the Indian state of Assam.	Tihu	Nalbari district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuzhynets', also known as Jujinetz, Juźynetz, Jujenet, Juzynci, Juzynetz, Yuzhenitse or Yuzhenitsy (Ukrainian: Южинець), is a village in Kitsman Raion, in Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Yuzhynets	Kitsman Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince Gallitzin State Park is a 6,249-acre (2,529 ha) Pennsylvania state park in Chest and White Townships, Cambria County, Pennsylvania in the United States, just outside Altoona, Pennsylvania.	Prince Gallitzin State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villaviciosa de Odón is a municipality in the western zone of the Community of Madrid in Spain.	Villaviciosa de Odón	Community of Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faule is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of Turin and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) north of Cuneo, near the Po River.	Faule	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Wielisław (ˈstarɨ vjɛˈliswaf) (German: Altwilmsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stary Wielisław	Gmina Kłodzko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlantic City Armory is an armory at 1008 Absecon Boulevard in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	Atlantic City Armory	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Ali Morad (Persian: كلاته علي مراد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ``Alī Morād) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 7 families.	Kalateh-ye Ali Morad	Binalud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fernie Alpine Resort is a ski resort, located on Lizard Range, near the town of Fernie, British Columbia in Canada.	Fernie Alpine Resort	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Gonlay (Breton: Sant-Gonlei) is a commune in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in Brittany in the northwest of France.	Saint-Gonlay	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Josiah Cowles House is a historic house at 184 Marion Avenue, in the Plantsville section of Southington, Connecticut.	Josiah Cowles House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Lookout Lighthouse is a 163-foot high lighthouse located on the Southern Outer Banks of North Carolina.	Cape Lookout Lighthouse	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Sardasht (Persian: برآفتاب سردشت‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Sardasht) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Sardasht	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Austin Daily Tribune Building, later known as the Ernest O. Thompson State Office Building, is a Moderne style office building located at 920 Colorado in Austin, Texas.	Austin Daily Tribune Building	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galilaya is the location of the headquarters of Galilaya Sub-county, one of the four sub-counties in Bbaale County, a constituent of Kayunga District.	Galilaya	Bbaale County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cushing Academy is a coeducational college preparatory boarding school for grades 9 through 12 plus an optional postgraduate year located in Ashburnham, Massachusetts.	Cushing Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skaliszkiejmy (skaliʂˈkʲɛi̯mɨ) (German: Skallischkehmen, from 1938-45 Großsteinau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Skaliszkiejmy	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walters Ash (also sometimes called Walter's Ash) is a village in the parish of Bradenham, in Buckinghamshire, England.	Walters Ash	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPOL-LP (106.9 FM) was a radio station formerly licensed to Canyonville, Oregon, USA.	KPOL-LP	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabory-Rzym (taˈbɔrɨ ˈʐɨm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tabory-Rzym	Gmina Zbójna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calthorpe Clinic is an abortion clinic in Edgbaston, Birmingham, England that first opened in 1969.	Calthorpe Clinic	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cilindro Municipal (The Municipal Cylinder) was an Indoor arena in Montevideo, Uruguay.	Cilindro Municipal	Montevideo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McCarthy Road is a gravel-surfaced road that runs from the end of the Edgerton Highway in Chitina, Alaska, to about 1 mile (1.6 km) outside of McCarthy, Alaska.	McCarthy Road	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkenrode, or Berckenroode is a former 'Heerlijkheid' in the Dutch province of North Holland, situated on the southwest side of Haarlem on the leidsevaart, north of Iepenrode and west of Heemstede.	Berkenrode	Heemstede
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahon (Haitian Creole: Bawon), sometimes called Bohon, is a commune in Grande-Rivière-du-Nord Arrondissement, Nord Department, Haiti.	Bahon	Grande-Rivière-du-Nord Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Waliszów (ˈnɔvɨ vaˈliʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowy Waliszów	Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Stradbroke Island (Indigenous: Minjerribah), colloqually South Straddie, is an island that lies within Moreton Bay in the Australian state of Queensland, south of Brisbane and forms the northern end of Gold Coast.	South Stradbroke Island	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Arm Speedway was the first dedicated motorcycle speedway ever built in Adelaide, South Australia and was located in the industrial suburb of Gillman.	North Arm Speedway	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Domingos de Benfica (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w̃ duˈmĩɡuʃ dɨ bɐ̃ȷ̃ˈfikɐ)) is a Portuguese civil parish, located in the municipality of Lisbon.	São Domingos de Benfica	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Sanjabi (Persian: حسن آباد سنجابي‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Sanjābī) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Sanjabi	Nurali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirgeh Bar-e Simin (Persian: پيرگه برسيمين‎, also Romanized as Pīrgeh Bar-e Sīmīn; also known as Pīrgeh-ye Bareh Sīmīn) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pirgeh Bar-e Simin	Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andoung Meas District (Khmer: អណ្តូងមាស) is a district in north-eastern Cambodia, located in Ratanakiri Province, Population 6,896 (1998)	Andoung Meas District	Ratanakiri Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duke of York's Theatre is a West End Theatre in St Martin's Lane, in the City of Westminster, London.	Duke of York's Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown Cottage was the first building of the educational institution in Hampton, Virginia now known as Hampton University.	Brown Cottage	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Mount Olive is a private Conference Carolinas liberal arts college located in Mount Olive, North Carolina.	University of Mount Olive	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Barik Rural District (Persian: دهستان آب باريك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ab Barik Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archbold Gymnasium is a gymnasium located on the campus of Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York.	Archbold Gymnasium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bihsud District (Pashto: بهسود, formerly Jalalabad District) (Persian: ولسوالی بهسود‎) is a district of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan.	Bihsud District	Nangarhar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Segareh (Persian: سگاره‎, also Romanized as Segāreh; also known as Hālūb) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Segareh	Darkhoveyn Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Towson United Methodist Church is a large United Methodist Church in the historic Baltimore County, Maryland suburb of Towson.	Towson United Methodist Church	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curtis M. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts theatre in Gainesville, Florida, United States.	Curtis M. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moskwin (ˈmɔskfin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Moskwin	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stirlingshire or the County of Stirling (Scots: Coontie o Stirlin, Scottish Gaelic: Siorrachd Sruighlea) is a registration county of Scotland, based in Stirling, the county town.	Stirlingshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panj Shir (Persian: پنج شير‎, also Romanized as Panj Shīr) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Panj Shir	Jaydasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sterling Congregational Church is a historic church in Sterling Township, Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States, built in 1867.	Sterling Congregational Church	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Castle Provincial Park is a provincial park in the southeastern portion of Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Kings Castle Provincial Park	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stetchworth is a small village and civil parish in East Cambridgeshire, England, 3 miles (5 km) to the south of the horse-racing centre of Newmarket and around 12 miles (19 km) east of Cambridge.	Stetchworth	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Couvent des Célestins (In English: Convent of the Celestines), was an ancient convent located near the Place de la Bastille in Paris, France.	Couvent des Célestins	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avaz Lar Sayyadlar (Persian: عوض لرصيادلر‎, also Romanized as ʿAvaz̤ Lar Sayyādlar) is a village in Virmuni Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Avaz Lar Sayyadlar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honey Hill-Boyd's Neck Battlefield is a historic battlefield site located near Ridgeland, Jasper County, South Carolina.	Honey Hill-Boyd's Neck Battlefield	Jasper County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Mundaun is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, situated east of Obersaxen in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Piz Mundaun	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardahun (Persian: سردهون‎, also Romanized as Sardāhūn) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sardahun	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirmanlu (Persian: زيرمانلو‎, also Romanized as Zīrmānlū; also kown as Zarmānlū) is a village in Tala Tappeh Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zirmanlu	Tala Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardugah Malavi (Persian: اردوگاه ملاوي‎, also Romanized as Ārdūgāh Malāvī) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ardugah Malavi	Malavi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hebei Road Subdistrict (Chinese: 河北路街道; pinyin: Héběi Lù Jiēdào) is a subdistrict and the seat of Lubei District, in the north of Tangshan, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Hebei Road Subdistrict	Lubei District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahreza County (Persian: شهرستان شهرضا‎) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Shahreza County	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killbear Provincial Park is a provincial park located on Georgian Bay in the Parry Sound District of Ontario, near the town of Nobel.	Killbear Provincial Park	Parry Sound District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Voorhies Castle is a Victorian home located in Voorhies, a small community 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Bement in Piatt County, Illinois.	Voorhies Castle	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacon Cove is a fishing and farming settlement in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Bacon Cove	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redford High School was a secondary educational facility that offered College Preparatory Classes in Detroit, Michigan.	Redford High School	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakkala (Swedish: Backas) is a city district in Vantaa, Finland.	Pakkala	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sundale Country Club is an 18-hole private golf course located in southwest Bakersfield, California.	Sundale Country Club	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Rajab (Persian: شيخ رجب‎; also known as Sehrajab and Shekhradzhab) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Rajab	Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hood Octagonal School is a historic octagonal schoolhouse located in Newtown Square, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Hood Octagonal School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilken Community Stadium is an American football, baseball, soccer and softball stadium located in Portland, Oregon.	Hilken Community Stadium	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flora Mountain is a mountain summit in Washington in the Cascade Range in Washington State near the shores of Lake Chelan and 24 miles (39 km) south of the Canadian border in the Glacier Peak Wilderness.	Flora Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmendorph Inn, often spelled Elmendorf Inn, is the oldest building in the village of Red Hook, New York, United States.	Elmendorph Inn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ćićevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Ћићевац, pronounced (tɕîtɕeʋats)) is a town and municipality located in the Rasina District of Serbia.	Ćićevac	Rasina District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glens Falls Hospital is a 410 bed not-for-profit community hospital located in Glens Falls, New York.	Glens Falls Hospital	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maliheh-ye Hajj Badr (Persian: مليحه حاج بدر‎, also Romanized as Malīḩeh-ye Ḩājj Badr) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Maliheh-ye Hajj Badr	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regal Tower is a proposed skyscraper to be constructed on a site bounded by Broad Street, Oozells Way and Sheepcote Street in Birmingham, England.	Regal Tower	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library (NCSML) is a museum and library of Czech and Slovak history and culture located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, in the United States.	National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beggen is a quarter in northern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Beggen	Luxembourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ridge Avenue Bridge in Philadelphia is a historic bridge in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Ridge Avenue Bridge in Philadelphia	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourton-on-the-Hill is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire, England, and about 2 miles (3 km) west of Moreton-in-Marsh.	Bourton-on-the-Hill	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woolland is a village and civil parish in north Dorset, England, situated in the Blackmore Vale under Bulbarrow Hill 7 miles (11 km) west of Blandford Forum.	Woolland	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalinka (jaˈlinka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Jalinka	Gmina Lubycza Królewska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Washington Regional Airport (IATA: HIE, ICAO: KHIE, FAA LID: HIE) is a public airport located 3 miles (5 km) east of downtown Whitefield in Coos County, New Hampshire, USA.	Mount Washington Regional Airport	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakdwip is headquarters of Kakdwip subdivision in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Kakdwip	South 24 Parganas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franklinton Vlaie or ``The Vlaie'' is a tributary of Catskill Creek in Broome, Schoharie County, New York in the United States.	Franklinton Vlaie	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markaryd Municipality (Markaryds kommun) is a municipality in south-west Kronoberg County in southern Sweden, where the town Markaryd is seat.	Markaryd Municipality	Kronoberg County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marco Island Executive Airport (IATA: MRK, ICAO: KMKY, FAA LID: MKY), also known as Marco Island Airport, is a public airport located in Naples, Collier County, Florida, four miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Marco Island.	Marco Island Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalabad (Persian: چال آباد‎, also Romanized as Chālābād; also known as Seyfābād) is a village in Sursur Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chalabad	Sursur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton-le-Willows is a village and civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England, situated near the River Derwent, about eight miles south-west of Malton.	Barton-le-Willows	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHCB is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bristol, Tennessee, serving the Tri-Cities, VA/TN area.	WHCB	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eys (Limburgish: Ees) is a village in the municipality of Gulpen-Wittem, Limburg, the Netherlands.	Eys	Gulpen-Wittem
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCZQ (Hot 105.5) is an Urban Contemporary-leaning Rhythmic Contemporary station serving Champaign, Illinois.	WCZQ	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingussie (i/kɪŋˈjuːsi/ king-EW-see; Scottish Gaelic: Ceann a' Ghiùthsaich pronounced (ˈkʲʰaun̪ˠə ˈʝuːs̪ɪç) ) is a small town in the Highland region of Scotland.	Kingussie	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Venan (Persian: ونان‎, also Romanized as Venān and Vanān) is a village in Qahan Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Venan	Qahan Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Joan de les Abadesses (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsaɲ ʒuˈan də ɫəz əβəˈðesəs)) is a town and municipality located in the south-east of the comarca of Ripollès, in the province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Joan de les Abadesses	Ripollès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakeham is a hamlet near the village of Easton, in Tophill on the Isle of Portland in Dorset, England.	Wakeham	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bo Bia (Thai: บ่อเบี้ย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ban Khok District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Bo Bia	Ban Khok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gawthrop is a hamlet in the South Lakeland District, in the county of Cumbria.	Gawthrop	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St John's Wood Art School (aka The Wood) was an art school in St John's Wood, north London, England.	St John's Wood Art School	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Preston is a village and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England, in the Yorkshire Dales.	Long Preston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kwajaha village is the district center of the Tulak District in Ghor Province, Afghanistan.	Kwajaha	Tulak District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caulonia (Greek: Καυλωνία Kaulonia) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 120 kilometres (75 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria in the Stilaro Valley.	Caulonia	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeylaq (Persian: ييلاق‎, also Romanized as Yeylāq) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yeylaq	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Kur (Persian: تنگ كور‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Kūr and Tang Kūr) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Kur	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Juan de Girón (or just Girón) is a municipality of the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia.	San Juan de Girón	Santander Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balonne Highway, a state highway of Queensland, is the continuation westward of the Moonie Highway from the town of St George to its termination at Cunnamulla.	Balonne Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sazeman-e Hajj Seyd (Persian: سازمان حاج سيد‎, also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Ḩājj Seyd) is a village in Daland Rural District, in the Central District of Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sazeman-e Hajj Seyd	Daland Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prats de Lluçanès (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈpɾadz ðə ʎusəˈnɛs)) is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia, Spain.	Prats de Lluçanès	Osona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butt-Millet Memorial Fountain is a memorial fountain located in the President's Park in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Butt-Millet Memorial Fountain	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horst aan de Maas ( pronunciation ) (Limburgish: Haos aan de Maos) is a municipality in the southeastern Netherlands, in the province of Limburg.	Horst aan de Maas	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zazi District (Pashto: ځاځي ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی جاجی‎), also called Jaji, Dzadzi or Aryob, is a district in Paktia Province, Afghanistan.	Zazi District	Paktia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elbeğendi (Syriac: ܟܦܪܐ ܬܚܬܝܬܐ‎ Kafro Tahtayto) is an Assyrian/Syriac/Aramean village in Midyat District of Mardin Province (Tur Abdin), Turkey.	Elbeğendi	Midyat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bachelor's Grove Cemetery is a small, abandoned cemetery in Bremen Township, Cook County, Illinois in Chicago's southwest suburbs.	Bachelor's Grove Cemetery	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terlago (German: Terlach) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 6 kilometres (4 mi) northwest of Trento.	Terlago	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin-e Molla (Persian: زمين ملا‎, also Romanized as Zamīn-e Mollā and Zamīn Mollā) is a village in Bemani Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Zamin-e Molla	Bemani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newfoundland Mountains are a 20-mile (32 km) long mountain range located in southern Box Elder County, Utah.	Newfoundland Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rapa, sometimes called Rapa Iti (Little Rapa, to distinguish it from ``Rapa Nui'' (Big Rapa), a name for Easter Island), is the largest and only inhabited island of the Bass Islands in French Polynesia.	Rapa Iti	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Lake Hamilton, is a natural freshwater lake on the northeast edge of Winter Haven, Florida.	Middle Lake Hamilton	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Gav (Persian: درگاو‎, also Romanized as Dar Gāv; also known as Dar Gowd and Dūrgāb) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar Gav	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bettringen is a Stadtteil of Schwäbisch Gmünd, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Bettringen	Schwäbisch Gmünd
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alvastra pile-dwelling (Swedish: Alvastra pålbyggnad or Alvastraboplatsen) is a pile dwelling (also called a stilt house) from ca 3000 BC in Ödeshög Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden.	Alvastra pile-dwelling	Ödeshög Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hürtgenwald is a municipality in the district of Düren in the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Hürtgenwald	Düren
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owhkan (Persian: اوهكن‎) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Owhkan	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yerington Grammar School (or Yerington Grammar School No. 9) is a former school in Yerington, Nevada.	Yerington Grammar School	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ironwood Carnegie Library is a library located at 235 E. Aurora Street in Ironwood, Michigan.	Ironwood Carnegie Library	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stetind or Stetinden (Lule Sami: Stádda) is a mountain in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county, Norway.	Stetind	Tysfjord
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grandview is a historic apartment hotel at 82 Munroe Street in Somerville, Massachusetts.	The Grandview	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tinuj (Persian: طينوج‎, also Romanized as Ţīnūj) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Tinuj	Dastjerd Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Village is a five-building cooperative apartment complex located on Cabrini Boulevard between West 181st and 186th Streets in the Hudson Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Castle Village	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa Forni Cerato is a 16th-century villa in Montecchio Precalcino, Province of Vicenza, northern Italy.	Villa Forni Cerato	Montecchio Precalcino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rolki (ˈrɔlkʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rolki	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinyu (Chinese: 新余; pinyin: Xīnyú) is a prefecture-level city in west-central Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Xinyu	Jiangxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Altamont Historic District is a 11-acre (4.5 ha) historic district in Guilderland, New York.	Altamont Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horjand (Persian: حرجند‎, also Romanized as Ḩorjand and Ḩorjond; also known as Hūrjand) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Horjand	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yekkeh Pesteh (Persian: يكه پسته‎) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yekkeh Pesteh	Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abellu (Persian: ابللو‎, also Romanized as Abellū and Ablalū; also known as Abella, Ābla, and Ablū) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Abellu	Azghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanley Grange is the name given to an eco-town planned for land north of Hinxton in South Cambridgeshire.	Hanley Grange	South Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Repala (Telugu: రేపాల) is a village under Munagala mandal in Nalgonda district, Telangana.	Repala	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trewarthenick Estate is a Grade II listed manor house and estate located in the hamlet of Trewarthenick near Tregony in Cornwall, England, UK.	Trewarthenick Estate	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Dunmunkle was a local government area about 160 kilometres (99 mi) west of Bendigo and 50 kilometres (31 mi) east of Horsham, in western Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Dunmunkle	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zadębce-Kolonia (zaˈdɛmpt͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zadębce-Kolonia	Gmina Trzeszczany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak View Elementary School is a community public elementary school that serves students in kindergarten through sixth grade from Bloomfield, in Essex County, New Jersey, United States, as part of the Bloomfield Public Schools.	Oak View Elementary School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avenue George V is a street in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.	Avenue George V	8th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Jabłonki (ˈstarɛ jaˈbwɔnki) (German: Alt Jablonken; 1938-1945: Altfinken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stare Jabłonki	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honey Acres Airport is located one mile (1.6 km) west of Clinton, Michigan on W. Michigan Ave. and spans the border between Lenawee and Washtenaw counties.	Honey Acres Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daya Nueva (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈdaʝa ˈnweβa)) is a municipality in the comarca of Vega Baja del Segura in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Daya Nueva	Vega Baja del Segura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derby Field (IATA: LOL, ICAO: KLOL, FAA LID: LOL) is a county owned, public use airport located eight nautical miles (15 km) southwest of the central business district of Lovelock, in Pershing County, Nevada, United States.	Derby Field	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elk Creek Wildlife Management Area is located on 6,004 acres (2,430 ha) east of Wylo in Logan and Mingo counties, West Virginia.	Elk Creek Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzemeszno Lubuskie (tʂɛˈmɛʂnɔ luˈbuskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Trzemeszno Lubuskie	Gmina Sulęcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Gierałtów (ˈnɔvɨ ɡʲɛˈrau̯tuf) (German: Neu Gersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Nowy Gierałtów	Gmina Stronie Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Karl-Marx-Allee is a monumental socialist boulevard built by the GDR between 1952 and 1960 in Berlin Friedrichshain and Mitte.	Karl-Marx-Allee	Berlin Friedrichshain	Mitte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Chedi (Thai: แม่เจดีย์) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Wiang Pa Pao District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Mae Chedi	Wiang Pa Pao
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beyeler Foundation or Fondation Beyeler with its museum in Riehen, near Basel, owns and oversees the art collection of Hildy and Ernst Beyeler.	Beyeler Foundation	Basel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horse Guards Avenue is a road in the City of Westminster, London, linking the major thoroughfares of Whitehall and Victoria Embankment, to the east of the Horse Guards building and parade area.	Horse Guards Avenue	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beethovenhalle is a concert hall in Bonn.	Beethovenhalle	Bonn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Sanford (IATA: NRJ, ICAO: KNRJ, FAA LID: NRJ) was a United States Navy naval air station in Sanford, Florida, approximately 20 miles north of Orlando, Florida.	Naval Air Station Sanford	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hervey Bay Airport (IATA: HVB, ICAO: YHBA) is the main airport for the city of Hervey Bay, Queensland, Australia and the Fraser Coast region which incorporates the nearby city of Maryborough.	Hervey Bay Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fashkham (Persian: فشخام‎, also Romanized as Fashkhām and Feshkham; also known as Fankhām) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Fashkham	Kasma Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2000 U.S. Women's Open Golf Championship was the 55th U.S. Women's Open, held July 20--23 at the Merit Club in Libertyville, Illinois, a suburb north-northwest of Chicago.	2000 U.S. Women's Open Golf Championship	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panchah (Persian: پنچاه‎, also Romanized as Panchāh) is a village in Kisom Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Panchah	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unity Hall is a historic building located at 3140 S. Indiana Ave. in the Douglas community area of Chicago, Illinois.	Unity Hall	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chyandour (Cornish: Chi an Dowr, meaning ``house of the water'') is a small settlement within the town of Penzance in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Chyandour	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elm-Maple-South Streets Historic District is a historic district encompassing part of the historic downtown of Stockbridge, Massachusetts.	Elm-Maple-South Streets Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samal-e Shomali (Persian: سمل شمالي‎, also Romanized as Samal-e Shomālī; also known as Samal) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Samal-e Shomali	Ahram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCarthy Stadium, The Mac, is a 7,500-seat multi-purpose stadium in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	McCarthy Stadium	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuping Dong Autonomous County (Chinese: 玉屏侗族自治县; Pinyin: Yùpíng dòngzú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county in Tongren Prefecture, Guizhou Province of China.	Yuping Dong Autonomous County	Tongren
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandy Hook is a barrier spit in Middletown Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Sandy Hook	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizaj-e Sefid (Persian: ديزج سفيد‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Sefīd; also known as Dīzas-e Sefīd) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Sefid	Razliq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomorzanki (pɔmɔˈʐaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pomorzanki	Gmina Gostynin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BayArena (German pronunciation: (beːʔaˈʁeːna)) is a football stadium in Leverkusen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, which has been the home ground of Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen since 1958.	BayArena	Leverkusen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shedd Aquarium (formally the John G. Shedd Aquarium) is an indoor public aquarium in Chicago, Illinois in the United States that opened on May 30, 1930.	Shedd Aquarium	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Andrew's Chapel is a historic chapel on Washington Mountain Road in Washington, Massachusetts.	Saint Andrew's Chapel	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ćwierdzin (ˈt͡ɕfjɛrd͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ćwierdzin	Gmina Witkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradley's Country Store Complex is located 12 miles (19 km) north of Tallahassee, Florida, United States on Centerville Road (County Road 151) in the community of Felkel, Florida.	Bradley's Country Store Complex	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	U. S. Steel Canada Lake Erie Works (formally known as Stelco Lake Erie Works) is a greenfield steel mill located in Nanticoke, Ontario, Canada.	Stelco Lake Erie Works	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krkavče (pronounced (ˈkəɾkau̯tʃɛ); Italian: Carcase) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Croatia.	Krkavče	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reuben Freeman House is a unique home, sporting eight gables, that was built 1887 in Inver Grove Heights in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Reuben Freeman House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The SISD Student Activities Complex, known locally as ``The SAC'' is a High School football stadium in the far east side of El Paso, Texas, U.S.A. It has a capacity of 11,000.	SISD Student Activities Complex	El Paso
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boone-Douthit House is located on the outskirts of Pendleton, South Carolina.	Boone-Douthit House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaufungen Forest (German: Kaufunger Wald) is a range of steep, wooded hills straddling the border between the states of Hesse and Lower Saxony in central Germany.	Kaufungen Forest	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ernest M. Wood Office and Studio is a building located in the Adams County, Illinois city of Quincy.	Ernest M. Wood Office and Studio	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łokacz Wielki (ˈwɔkat͡ʂ ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łokacz Wielki	Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpignano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Turin on the Dora Riparia in the Val di Susa plain.	Alpignano	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barfeh (Persian: برفه‎; also known as Barfi) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Barfeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abercrombie House was built in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia in the 1870s by the Stewart family who were Bathurst pioneers.	Abercrombie House	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Boz (Persian: دشت بز‎) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Boz	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Porajska (ˈxuta pɔˈrai̯ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Huta Porajska	Gmina Kamieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhingewadi is a small Grampanchat village 5 kilometers from Atpadi, Maharashtra, India.	Bhingewadi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	This settlement forms part of the larger Parbold ward (pop. 3,890), reducing to 3,784 at the 2011 Census one of 25 wards that make up West Lancashire Borough Council.	Parbold	West Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boroughbridge (/ˈbʌrəbrɪdʒ/) is a small town and civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England.	Boroughbridge	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabudarahang County (Persian: شهرستان کبودراهنگ‎) is a county in Hamadan Province in Iran.	Kabudarahang County	Hamadan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harry Ainlay High School is a Canadian high school located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in the Royal Gardens Community, south of Whitemud Drive on 111 Street.	Harry Ainlay High School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Kobylnik (ˈstarɨ kɔˈbɨlnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Kobylnik	Gmina Stara Błotnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posey Field (FAA LID: 1M4) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) northeast of the central business district of Haleyville, a city in Winston County, Alabama, United States.	Posey Field	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzękowice-Wał (bʐɛŋkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈvau̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Brzękowice-Wał	Gmina Psary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laskówka Chorąska (lasˈkufka xɔˈrɔ̃ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Laskówka Chorąska	Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qorqoruk-e Sofla (Persian: قرقروك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qorqorūk-e Soflá, Qareqorūk, Qarqorūk-e Soflá, and Qarqorūk Soflá; also known as Qorqorūk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Abravan Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qorqoruk-e Sofla	Abravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durham School of the Arts (DSA) is a secondary magnet school located in downtown Durham, North Carolina, United States, housing 1,381 students.	Durham School of the Arts	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leesburg Executive Airport at Godfrey Field (ICAO: KJYO, FAA LID: JYO) is a town-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Leesburg, a town in Loudoun County, Virginia, United States.	Leesburg Executive Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sir Sandford Range is a subrange of the Big Bend Ranges of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located between Gold (river) and Palmer Creek just southwest of the Gold Arm of Kinbasket Lake.	Sir Sandford Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Sherman Jennings House (also known as the May Mann Jennings House or the Jennings-Rogers House) is a historic residence in Brooksville, Florida, United States.	William Sherman Jennings House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joy Range is one of the northern mountain ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera along with the nearby Princess Margaret Range, located on southeastern Axel Heiberg Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Joy Range	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saginaw County H.W. Browne Airport (IATA: HYX, ICAO: KHYX, FAA LID: HYX), is a county-owned, public-use airport located in Buena Vista Township, east of Saginaw, in Saginaw County, Michigan, United States.	Saginaw County H.W. Browne Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thousand Lake Mountain is in South-Central Utah, United States, just North and West of Capitol Reef National Park and North of Boulder Mountain.	Thousand Lake Mountain	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward D. Dupont House is a house in southeast Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Edward D. Dupont House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siedlec-Kolonia (ˈɕɛdlɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Siedlec-Kolonia	Gmina Łęczyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Micin (ˈmit͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Micin	Gmina Krzyżanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lauda station is a junction station in the town of Lauda-Königshofen in the German state of Baden-Württemberg, where the northern section of the Tauber Valley Railway branches from the Franconia Railway.	Lauda station	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKWB (102.5 FM, ``Coyote 102.5'') is a country music radio station, serving the Bemidji, Minnesota region.	KKWB	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Qoru (Persian: كلاته قرو‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Qorū) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Qoru	Quchan Atiq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Mecklenburg High School is a public secondary school in Charlotte, North Carolina and one of 31 high schools in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools system.	East Mecklenburg High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	John W. Ferguson House, was located in Paterson, Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	John W. Ferguson House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belaftu (Persian: بيلفتو‎, also Romanized as Belaftū and Beleftū; also known as Bileftoo, Bilfai, and Bīl Fotū) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Belaftu	Khoshkrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wola Niechcicka (ˈnɔva ˈvɔla ɲexˈt͡ɕit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowa Wola Niechcicka	Gmina Rozprza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurakabad (Persian: شورك اباد‎, also Romanized as Shūrakābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Shurakabad	Hakimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanie Iławeckie (ˈkaɲɛ iwaˈvɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Salwarschienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Kanie Iławeckie	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort (commonly known as Fallsview Casino) in Niagara Falls, Ontario opened publicly on June 10, 2004.	Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naseh (Persian: نسه‎; also known as Naseh Bakhs) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Naseh	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halámky (German: Witschkoberg) is a village in the Jindřichův Hradec District of the Czech Republic.	Halámky	Jindřichův Hradec District
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Assomption railway station is located on L'Ange-Gardien Boulevard in the town of L'Assomption, Quebec, Canada.	L'Assomption railway station	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maison d'Ailleurs (translated as ``House of Elsewhere'') is a museum of science fiction, utopia and extraordinary journeys in Yverdon-les-Bains (Switzerland).	Maison d'Ailleurs	Yverdon-les-Bains
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timokten (Arabic: ﺗﻤﻘﺘﻦ‎) (also spelled Timoktene, Timekten, or Tamekten) is a town and commune in Aoulef District, Adrar Province, in south-central Algeria.	Timokten	Aoulef District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colin Archer Peninsula is located on the northwestern Devon Island, a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut.	Colin Archer Peninsula	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sprzęcice (spʂɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbicko, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sprzęcice	Gmina Izbicko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haynes Hotel or Waters Building is a historic building at 1386-1402 Main Street in Springfield, Massachusetts.	Haynes Hotel	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqabdar (Persian: چقابدار‎, also Romanized as Choqābdār; also known as Cheghābdār) is a village in Dorud Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Choqabdar	Dorud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Plymouth Congregational Church is a historic church on Southwest Avenue between West Park and Plymouth in New Plymouth, Idaho.	New Plymouth Congregational Church	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa Angarano or Villa Angarano Bianchi Michiel is a villa in Bassano del Grappa, Veneto, northern Italy.	Villa Angarano	Bassano del Grappa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Gatush (Persian: سيدگتوش‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Gatūsh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Gatush	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newark Air Museum is an air museum located on a former Royal Air Force station at Winthorpe, near Newark-on-Trent in Nottinghamshire, England.	Newark Air Museum	Newark-on-Trent
located in the administrative territorial entity	According to the Enciclopedia de los Municipios de México, published by the Mexican government, the name Xonacatlán is Nahuatl in origin and means ``among the onions'' (``onion'' in Nahuatl is ``xonacatl'').	Xonacatlán	México
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Saleh Qandi (Persian: شيخ صالح قندي‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Şāleḩ Qandī) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sheykh Saleh Qandi	Abu Ghoveyr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horní Podluží (German Obergrund) is a village and municipality (obec) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Horní Podluží	Děčín District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruszenice (ruʂɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ruszenice	Gmina Żarnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarpon Springs High School, is a Public High School in Pinellas County, Florida.	Tarpon Springs High School	Pinellas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Shihab (Arabic: تل شهاب‎; also spelled Tell esh-Shihab or Tal Shehab) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located northwest of Daraa on the Syrian-Jordanian borders.	Tell Shihab	Daraa Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Ninian's Church, Tynet is a historic Roman Catholic clandestine church located at Tynet about 4 miles to the west of Buckie, Scotland in the Enzie region.	St Ninian's Church, Tynet	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Red School House and Elisabeth Irwin High School, also referred to as LREI, was founded by Elisabeth Irwin in 1921 in Manhattan, New York City as the Little Red School House, and is regarded as the city's first progressive school.	Little Red School House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorrami (Persian: خرمي‎, also Romanized as Khorramī; also known as Khurami) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khorrami	Arabkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mern is a village with a population of 981 (1 January 2015) located in Vordingborg Municipality, Region Zealand in Denmark.	Mern	Vordingborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Rong (Thai: บ้านร้อง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ngao District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 6616 people.	Ban Rong	Ngao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobwalls and Trewidland (Cornish: Fos an Mogh & Trewydhlann) is a civil parish in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Dobwalls and Trewidland	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piwonin (piˈvɔnin) is a village in Otwock County, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.	Piwonin	Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Khvajeh (Persian: احمدابادخواجه‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Khvājeh; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Najafabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Khvajeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doane Peak (11,355 feet (3,461 m)) is in the northern Teton Range, Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming.	Doane Peak	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delaplane Historic District is a national historic district located at Delaplane, Fauquier County, Virginia.	Delaplane Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mah Neshan (Persian: ماه نشان‎‎, also Romanized as Māh Neshān and Māhneshān) is a city in and capital of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Mah Neshan	Zanjan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Volgenau School of Engineering is located in the Fairfax campus of George Mason University in the Commonwealth of Virginia.	Volgenau School of Engineering	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaisberg Transmitter is a facility for FM and TV-transmission on the Gaisberg mountain near Salzburg, Austria.	Gaisberg Transmitter	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aharpada is a small village in Khandatada Panchayata, Bhadrak district, Orissa, India with a population of nearly 1,000.	Aharpada	Bhadrak district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sadberk Hanım Museum (Turkish: Sadberk Hanım Müzesi) is a private museum located at the Bosporus in Büyükdere quarter of Sarıyer district in Istanbul, Turkey, which was established by the Vehbi Koç Foundation in memory of Vehbi Koç's deceased wife Sadberk.	Sadberk Hanım Museum	Sarıyer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Munkkiniemi (Swedish: Munksnäs, in slang Munkka) is a neighbourhood in Helsinki.	Munkkiniemi	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louis J. Bader House and Garden in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story single dwelling and garden listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Louis J. Bader House and Garden	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasem Daraq (Persian: قاسم درق‎, also Romanized as Qāsem Daraq) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qasem Daraq	Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miller and Herriott House, also known as the Miller and Herriott Tract House, is a historic Victorian house in the North University Park section of Los Angeles, California.	Miller and Herriott House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamminiemi (Villa Ekudden in Swedish), is a villa located in the Meilahti district of Helsinki.	Tamminiemi	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longforgan is a village and parish in the Carse of Gowrie, in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Longforgan	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yap or Wa′ab (Yapese: Waqab) classically refers to an island--the Yap Main Islands--located in the Caroline Islands of the western Pacific Ocean, and a part of the Federated States of Micronesia.	Yap	Federated States of Micronesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yester Parish Church is a church of the Church of Scotland in the village of Gifford, East Lothian, Scotland.	Yester Parish Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qudjanak (Persian: قودجانك‎, also Romanized as Qūdjānak; also known as Gowjānak and Kūdanak) is a village in Varzaq Rural District, in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qudjanak	Varzaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stama (ˈstama) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stama	Gmina Sorkwity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vicálvaro is a former village in its own right of the province of Madrid.	Vicálvaro	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRDM (1240 AM, ``La Bronca'') is a commercial regional Mexican radio station in Bend, Oregon.	KRDM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de l'Ordre de la Libération is a military museum located in the 7th arrondissement at 51 bis boulevard de La Tour-Maubourg, Paris, France.	Musée de l'Ordre de la Libération	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agde (French pronunciation: ​(aɡdə); Occitan: Agde (ˈadde, ˈate)) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.	Agde	Hérault
located in the administrative territorial entity	Człuchy (ˈt͡ʂwuxɨ) (German: Schlochow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Człuchy	Gmina Smołdzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phipps Street Burying Ground is a historic cemetery on Phipps Street in Charlestown, now a neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Phipps Street Burying Ground	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bade District (Chinese: 八德區; pinyin: Bādé Qū) is a district in the central part of Taoyuan City, Taiwan (Republic of China).	Bade District	Taoyuan City
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Blatchington is a coastal village in East Sussex which has merged into the western part of Seaford.	East Blatchington	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glisne (ˈɡlisnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszana Dolna, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Glisne	Gmina Mszana Dolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chayerlu (Persian: چايرلو‎, also Romanized as Chāyerlū and Chāy Yerlū; also known as Chehārlu) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Chayerlu	Qoltuq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowia Wola (ˈsɔvja ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sowia Wola	Gmina Czosnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tongelre is a borough of Eindhoven.	Tongelre	Eindhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Vall d'Alcalà (Valencian pronunciation: (la ˈvaʎ daɫkaˈla), Spanish: Valle de Alcalá (ˈbaʎe ðe alkaˈla)) is a valley in the Marina Alta region of Alicante, Spain.	La Vall d'Alcalà	Marina Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goethe-Institut, New York is an organization that is located at 30 Irving Place in Manhattan, New York City.	Goethe-Institut, New York	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Berrien Center Union Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery at 10408 M-140 in Berrien Township, Michigan.	South Berrien Center Union Church and Cemetery	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khom Gardan (Persian: خم گردن‎, also Romanized as Khomgardān; also known as Khomagdān) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khom Gardan	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park School is an independent day school in Brookline, Massachusetts, for boys and girls in pre-kindergarten through ninth grade.	The Park School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bortnychi (Ukrainian: Бортничі) is a historic neighbourhood in the southern part of Kiev.	Bortnychi	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budowo (buˈdɔvɔ) (German: Budow; Kashubian: Bùdowò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Budowo	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalshir (Persian: چالشير‎, also Romanized as Chālshīr) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chalshir	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khushpura is a village in the tehsil of Jatusana, Rewari District, in the Gurgaon Division of the state of Haryana, India.	Khushpura	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band Aman (Persian: بندامان‎, also Romanized as Band Amān; also known as Band Āmūn and Bandāmūn) is a village in Fazl Rural District, Zarrin Dasht District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Band Aman	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salome Wilderness lies within the Sierra Ancha mountain range in Gila County, Arizona.	Salome Wilderness	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narrawada is a small historic village located 7 km from Duttalur in Nellore District in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Narrawada	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nelson Avenue-Fort Hill Historic District is a residential neighborhood in northwestern Peekskill, Westchester County, New York, United States.	Nelson Avenue-Fort Hill Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płazów (ˈpwazuf) (Ukrainian: Плазів, Plaziv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Płazów	Gmina Narol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fucheng District (simplified Chinese: 涪城区; traditional Chinese: 涪城區; pinyin: Fúchéng Qū) is a district of Mianyang, Sichuan, China.	Fucheng District	Mianyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martshala Gewog (Dzongkha: མར་ཚྭ་ལ་) is a gewog (village block) of Samdrup Jongkhar District, Bhutan.	Martshala Gewog	Samdrup Jongkhar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlsbad State Beach is a protected beach in the state park system of California, USA, located in Carlsbad.	Carlsbad State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latifabad (Sindhi: لطيف آباد‎ ,Urdu: لطِيف آباد‎), is a town in the southern suburbs of the city of Hyderabad, in Sindh, Pakistan.	Latifabad	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Wells (formerly the Church of Arlington, or You Must Be Born Again (YMBBA) Ministries) is an American group located in Wells, Texas, United States.	Church of Wells	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tashang (Chinese: 塔上镇) is a township-level division of Lingshou County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Tashang	Lingshou County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nightingale House is a Victorian era Queen Anne and Eastlake style house, located at 201 Buchanan Street in San Francisco, California.	Nightingale House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajnówka County (Polish: powiat hajnowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Podlaskie Voivodeship, north-eastern Poland, on the border with Belarus.	Hajnówka County	Podlaskie Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowshanaq (Persian: روشنق‎; also known as Rowshanak) is a village in Balghelu Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Rowshanaq	Balghelu Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edina Mill was one of the first of six gristmills to be built on the Minnehaha Creek in Hennepin County, Minnesota between 1855 and 1876.	Edina Mill	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yellowstone Club, also Yellowstone Ski Resort, is a private residential club, ski resort, and golf resort located in the state of Montana, USA.	Yellowstone Club	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Tip (Thai: แม่ตีบ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ngao District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 4434 people.	Mae Tip	Ngao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzywki-Bośki (ˈkʂɨfki ˈbɔɕki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krzywki-Bośki	Gmina Szreńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ligota Tułowicka (liˈɡɔta tuwɔˈvit͡ska) (German: Ellguth Tillowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tułowice, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ligota Tułowicka	Gmina Tułowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forggensee is a lake located north of Füssen in the district of Ostallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.	Forggensee	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miklesz-Kolonia (ˈmiklɛʂ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Miklesz-Kolonia	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZMX-FM (96.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Hot Springs, South Dakota, USA, the station is owned by Mt.	KZMX-FM	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paradise Furnace, also known as Mary Anne Furnace, is a national historic district located in Trough Creek State Park at Todd Township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Paradise Furnace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spencer-Penn School is a historic school complex located at Spencer, Henry County, Virginia.	Spencer-Penn School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drahle (ˈdraxlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Drahle	Gmina Sokółka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roqeh-ye Kabir (Persian: رقعه كبير‎, also Romanized as Roq``eh-ye Kabīr; also known as Roq``eh) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 21 families.	Roqeh-ye Kabir	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczyny Małe (lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Leszczyny Małe	Gmina Dłutów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alley Pond Park is the second-largest public park in Queens, New York City.	Alley Pond Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Dziedzina (ˈstara d͡ʑeˈd͡ʑina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stara Dziedzina	Gmina Barlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knickerbocker Field Club was an historic tennis clubhouse located in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Knickerbocker Field Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broseley is a small town in Shropshire, England, with a population of 4,912 (2001 census), increasing to 4,929 at the 2011 Census.	Broseley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wright's Tavern is a historic tavern located in the center of Concord, Massachusetts.	Wright's Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chaves County Courthouse, located on the 400 block of Main Street in Roswell, New Mexico, is the center of government of Chaves County.	Chaves County Courthouse	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glasco Downtown Historic District is an early commercial, Italianate historic shopping area located in Glasco, Kansas that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Glasco Downtown Historic District	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mendrisio railway station is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Ticino and municipality of Mendrisio.	Mendrisio railway station	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTGV-FM (97.7 FM, ``Light and Easy Listening 97.7'') is a radio station broadcasting a soft adult contemporary format, serving Sandusky and the Thumb and Blue Water area of Michigan.	WTGV-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narasapurapupeta is a village in Ramachandrapuram Mandal, East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh, India which is nearly 6 km away from Mandal Headquarters Ramachandrapuram and 22 km away from District Headquarters Kakinada and nearly 460 km away from state capital hyderabad.	Narasapurapupeta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pamparomas District is one of 10 districts in the Huaylas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru.	Pamparomas District	Huaylas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikar Ayesh (Persian: بيكارايش‎, also Romanized as Bīkār Āyesh; also known as Bīkārāpas) is a village in Chapakrud Rural District, Gil Khuran District, Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bikar Ayesh	Chapakrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runtole (pronounced (ˈɾuːntɔlɛ)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Runtole	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phillip Gaensslen House is a historic house in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, located at 3050 Prospect Avenue east of downtown.	Phillip Gaensslen House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Marzban (Persian: پيرمرزبان‎, also Romanized as Pīr Marzbān; also known as Pīrmazabān and Pīr Mehzābān) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Pir Marzban	Bizineh Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nea Skioni (Greek: Νέα Σκιώνη, pronounced (ˈnea sciˈoni)) is a village and a community in the peninsula of Kassandra, Chalkidiki, Greece.	Nea Skioni	Kassandra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magdalenowo (maɡdalɛˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Magdalenowo	Gmina Suwałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wróblów (ˈvrubluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Wróblów	Gmina Sława
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Episcopal Church of All Angels is a historic church at 129 W. Michigan in Spearfish, South Dakota.	Episcopal Church of All Angels	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roosevelt Island Tramway is an aerial tramway in New York City that spans the East River and connects Roosevelt Island to the Upper East Side of Manhattan.	Roosevelt Island Tramway	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cromore (Scottish Gaelic: Crò Mòr) is a crofting township on the Isle of Lewis in the district of Pairc, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Cromore	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casate Ticino (``Casá'', in the local dialect) is an Italian village in the municipality of Bernate Ticino, near Milan, in Lombardy.	Casate Ticino	Bernate Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQPM is a radio station broadcasting a country music format out of Ukiah, California.	KQPM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Supply Lake is in Woodward County, Oklahoma, about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Fort Supply and 12 miles (19 km) northwest of Woodward.	Fort Supply Lake	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Facatativá is a city and municipality in the Cundinamarca Department, located about 18 miles (31 km) northwest of Bogotá, Colombia and 2,586 meters above sea level.	Facatativá	Cundinamarca Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cayuga Secondary School is a secondary school located at 70 Highway 54, Cayuga, Ontario, Canada.	Cayuga Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Magnuszewska (ˈvɔla maɡnuˈʂɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Magnuszewska	Gmina Magnuszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williamsbridge Reservoir was a natural lake (despite its name) measuring 13.1 acres (5.3 ha) just south of Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx, New York.	Williamsbridge Reservoir	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located at 201 Sands Avenue Las Vegas, Nevada, the Sands Expo is owned and operated by the Las Vegas Sands Corporation.	Sands Expo	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caraway Speedway is a short track located near Asheboro, North Carolina, U.S. Caraway Speedway was built in 1966 as a dirt track.	Caraway Speedway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elsey Abbey, earlier Elsey Priory (German: Kloster Elsey) is a former women's religious house located near Elsey, now part of Hohenlimburg, Hagen, Germany.	Elsey Abbey	Hohenlimburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kudry (ˈkudrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłoń, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kudry	Gmina Jabłoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bledzewko (blɛˈd͡zɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bledzewko	Gmina Sierpc
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballacannell Halt (sometimes ``Ballacannall'') is a stop on the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man.	Ballacannell Halt	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delamar Dry Lake is a dry lakebed located in the Dry Lake Watershed near Alamo in Lincoln County, Nevada.	Delamar Dry Lake	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Chahdegan (Persian: دهنوچاهدگان‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Chāhdegān; also known as Dehnow-e Chahdegāl) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Chahdegan	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockville Mall was an indoor shopping mall in Rockville, Maryland.	Rockville Mall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghelak (Persian: اغلك‎, also Romanized as Āghlak and Āgholak; also known as Āqā Lak and Āqlak) is a village in Qahan Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Aghelak	Qahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Şanlıurfa Province (Turkish: Şanlıurfa ili) or simply Urfa Province is a province in southeastern Turkey.	Şanlıurfa Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shriners Hospital for Children (Houston) is a non-profit, 40-bed pediatric orthopedic hospital, research and teaching center located in the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas, USA.	Shriners Hospital for Children (Houston)	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandwad (IPA:Cāndavaḍa) is a town located in the Nashik district in Maharashtra.	Chandwad	Nashik district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonbedu (Persian: گنبدو‎, also Romanized as Gonbedūand Gonbadū; also known as Ganbīdū, Gombīdū, and Gonbīdū) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gonbedu	Dasht-e Laleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Mountain Peninsula, located in Acton, Australian Capital Territory, a suburb of the capital Canberra, is a prominent area on the western region of Lake Burley Griffin.	Black Mountain Peninsula	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Bear Ranch is an 80-acre intentional community located in Siskiyou County, California, about 25 miles from Forks of Salmon.	Black Bear Ranch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahurdan (Persian: كهوردان‎, also Romanized as Kahūrdān; also known as Kāhūdān) is a village in Karian Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kahurdan	Karian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonathan Edwards College (informally JE) is a residential college at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.	Jonathan Edwards College	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's Mediterranean Resort was a proposed Disney Deluxe resort to be located at Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, Florida that originally would have begun operation in the late 1990s.	Disney's Mediterranean Resort	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubaszowa (lubaˈʂɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lubaszowa	Gmina Tuchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingree School is a coeducational, independent secondary day school located in South Hamilton, Massachusetts, serving the area north and east of Boston.	Pingree School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palkhtar (Persian: پلختار‎, also Romanized as Palkhtār) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Palkhtar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalek (German: Kallich) is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Kalek	Chomutov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Shanaveh (Persian: نهرشناوه‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Shanāveh) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Shanaveh	Abshar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hennepin County Government Center is the courthouse and primary county government administration building for Hennepin County in the State of Minnesota.	Hennepin County Government Center	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zlatibor District (Serbian: Златиборски округ / Zlatiborski okrug) is a district in the western, mountainous part of Serbia.	Zlatibor District	Serbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Yamaska is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec.	Mont Yamaska	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Branewka-Kolonia (braˈnɛfka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Branewka-Kolonia	Gmina Dzwola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esek Bussey Firehouse, now known as Engine Company 8 or Pumper Number 8, is a historic fire station located at Troy in Rensselaer County, New York.	Esek Bussey Firehouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Chigi (Italian pronunciation: (paˈlattso ˈkiːdʒi)) is a palace or noble residence in Rome and the official residence of the Prime Minister of the Italian Republic.	Palazzo Chigi	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mäntsälä (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈmæntsælæ)) is a municipality in the province of Southern Finland, and is part of the Uusimaa region.	Mäntsälä	Uusimaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandar-e Lengeh Airport (Persian: فرودگاه بندرلنگه‎ -- Forūdgāh-e Bandar-e Lengeh) is a village and airport in Moghuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bandar-e Lengeh Airport	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mushemi-ye Sofla (Persian: موشمي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mūshemī-ye Soflá; also known as Mūshemī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mushemi-ye Sofla	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château du Plessis-Bourré is a château in the Loire Valley in France, situated in the commune of Écuillé in the Maine-et-Loire department.	Château du Plessis-Bourré	Écuillé
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Lake Park is a San Francisco park in the Richmond District neighborhood, located north of the intersection of Lake and Funston.	Mountain Lake Park	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz d'Arbeola (2,600 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, south of San Bernardino in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz d'Arbeola	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matfen is a village and a civil parish in Northumberland, England, near the towns of Hexham and Newcastle upon Tyne.	Matfen	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babki Gąseckie (ˈbapki ɡɔ̃ˈsɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Babken (Kirchspiel Gonsken); from 1938-45 Babeck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Babki Gąseckie	Gmina Olecko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moeydeleh-ye Sofla (Persian: معيدله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mo``eydeleh-ye Soflá and Mo``edeleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 273, in 47 families.	Moeydeleh-ye Sofla	Moshrageh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomyek-e Vosta (Persian: گميك وسطي‎, also Romanized as Gomyek-e Vosţá; also known as Gomīk and Gom Yek) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gomyek-e Vosta	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khuran-e Sofla (Persian: خوران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khūrān-e Soflá) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Khuran-e Sofla	Nabovat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Meon is a small village and civil parish in Hampshire, England, with a population of 749 people as of the last UK census.	West Meon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barker's Bush is a forest located in the Grand River watershed near the banks of the Nith River in the community of Paris, County of Brant, Ontario, Canada.	Barker's Bush	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbushaus (Columbus House) was a nine-storey modernist office and shopping building in Potsdamer Platz in Berlin, designed by Erich Mendelsohn and completed in 1932.	Columbushaus	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duitse Huis (English: Teutonic House) is a complex of buildings in the city of Utrecht, Netherlands, protected as a national monument.	Duitse Huis	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muurola railway station, elevation 38 metres above sea level, is located in the district of Muurola in the city of Rovaniemi in Lapland, Finland.	Muurola railway station	Rovaniemi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrud Rural District (Persian: دهستان بررود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kuhsorkh District, Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Barrud Rural District	Kuhsorkh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2006, the Council for Transport and Public Works and the Environment Board issued a joint opinion stating that Amsterdam and Almere should become conjoined cities with the IJmeer as a 'Central Park '.	IJmeer	Almere
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sompting is a village and civil parish in the coastal Adur District of West Sussex, England between Lancing and Worthing.	Sompting	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirbenuiyeh (Persian: سيربنوئيه‎, also Romanized as Sīrbenū’īyeh) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sirbenuiyeh	Hanza District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galtellì ((ɡaltelˈli); Sardinian: Garteddi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 140 kilometres (87 mi) northeast of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Nuoro.	Galtellì	Province of Nuoro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. William D. Young Memorial is a drinking fountain and memorial that was erected on the eastern border of Kew Gardens in Toronto, Canada in August 1920 by residents of the Beaches neighbourhood.	Dr. William D. Young Memorial	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brampton Bryan is a small village and civil parish situated in north Herefordshire, England close to the Shropshire and Welsh borders.	Brampton Bryan	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twins Days is a festival for biological twins (and other multiples, e.g. triplets, quads) which has taken place every summer since 1976 in Twinsburg, Ohio, when the festival was founded by Revco's Charles R. DeHaven.	Twins Days	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurabad-e Do (Persian: نور آباد2‎, also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Do; also known as Nūrābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nurabad-e Do	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolah Bakhsh (Persian: كلاه بخش‎, also Romanized as Kolāh Bakhsh) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kolah Bakhsh	Sang Bast Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	İscehisar is a town and district of Afyonkarahisar Province in the Aegean region of Turkey, on the road between the city of Afyon and Ankara.	İscehisar	Afyonkarahisar Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Near North Career Metropolitan High School (also known as Near North Career Magnet High School) was a public 4--year vocational magnet high school located in the Old Town neighborhood on the Near North Side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Near North Career Metropolitan High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oltrepò Pavese (Italian pronunciation: (ˌoltreˈpɔ ppaˈveːze); Western Lombard: Ultrepò Paves) is an area of the Province of Pavia, in the north-west Italian region of Lombardy, which lies to the south of the river Po.	Oltrepò Pavese	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ioulis or Ioulida (Greek: Ιουλίς, Ιουλίδα), locally called Khora (Greek: Χώρα) like the main towns of most Greek islands and sometimes known by the island name of Kea or Keos (or earlier Zea), is the capital of the island of Kea in the Cyclades.	Ioulis	Kea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq Amir Khanlu-ye Moharramabad (Persian: قشلاق اميرخانلومحرم اباد‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq Amīr Khānlū-ye Moḩarramābād; also known as Qeshlāq-e Amīr Khānī) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District, Tazeh Kand District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq Amir Khanlu-ye Moharramabad	Mahmudabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Bellevue is a peak that rises to 333 metres (1,093 ft) situated in a public park located in the borough of Mont-Bellevue in Sherbrooke, Quebec.	Mont Bellevue	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bielcza (ˈbjɛlt͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzęcin, within Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bielcza	Gmina Borzęcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalalpur Bhattian (Urdu: جلال پُور بهٹياں‎), is a city in the Hafizabad District of Pakistan.	Jalalpur Bhattian	Hafizabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nemotice is a village and municipality (obec) in Vyškov District located in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Nemotice	Vyškov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skodje (Pronunciation: (skɔʏə) or (skøʏə)) is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Skodje	Møre og Romsdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Bell is located in Nakawa Division, one of the five administrative divisions of the city of Kampala.	Port Bell	Nakawa Division
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burroughes Building is located at 639 Queen Street West, Toronto, Ontario Canada M5V 2B7	Burroughes Building	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carmel Adventist College is a Seventh-day Adventist secondary school in Carmel, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.	Carmel Adventist College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Altaville Grammar School in Altaville, California is one of the oldest grammar schools in California.	Altaville Grammar School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXME (780 AM) is a radio station located in Monticello, Maine, United States serving the Northern Maine market and broadcasts a Classic Country format.	WXME	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gråsjøen is a lake/reservoir in the municipality of Surnadal (and a very small part in the northeastern corner of the lake is in Rindal) in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Gråsjøen	Surnadal	Rindal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahiya (Persian: كهيا‎, also Romanized as Kahyā; also known as Kahbā and Kakhiya) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kahiya	Dast Jerdeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNTS is an AM radio station owned by Marvin Kosofosky's Continental Broadcast Group, L.L.C., in Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S., though technically licensed in Beech Grove, Indiana.	WNTS	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Pokłonna (ˈvulka pɔˈkwɔnna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Pokłonna	Gmina Raków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cotswold Airport (ICAO: EGBP) (formerly Kemble Airfield) is a private general aviation airport, near the village of Kemble in Gloucestershire, England.	Cotswold Airport	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majdian (Persian: مجديان‎, also Romanized as Majdīān, Majdeyān, and Majdiyan) is a village in Salehan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Majdian	Salehan Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wells Japanese Garden is a small Japanese garden located on Lindsay Street in Newberry, South Carolina.	Wells Japanese Garden	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Antoine Street (French: rue Saint-Antoine) is a street located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Saint Antoine Street	Montreal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlas Computer Laboratory on the Harwell, Oxfordshire campus shared by the Harwell Laboratory was one of the major computer laboratories in the world, which operated between 1961 and 1975 to provide a service to British scientists at a time when powerful computers were not usually available.	Atlas Computer Laboratory	Harwell
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porthoustock is a hamlet near St Keverne in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, on the east coast of Lizard Peninsula.	Porthoustock	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bettingen (Swiss German: Bettige) is a municipality in the canton of Basel-Stadt in Switzerland.	Bettingen	Basel-Stadt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guvernment was a nightclub complex in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Guvernment	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duck Run Cable Suspension Bridge, also known as Trubada Swinging Bridge, is a historic cable suspension bridge bridge that spans the Little Kanawha River at Trubada, Gilmer County, West Virginia.	Duck Run Cable Suspension Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tres Picachos (English: The Three Peaks) is one of the highest peaks in Puerto Rico at 1,205 meters (3,953 ft).	Tres Picachos	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Bradstock is a village and civil parish in West Dorset, England, situated approximately 2.5 miles (4.0 km) southeast of Bridport and 0.5 miles (0.80 km) inland from the English Channel at Chesil Beach.	Burton Bradstock	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miami Valley Gaming, formerly Lebanon Raceway, is a racino in Lebanon, Ohio The track conducts seasonal live racing on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday and Sunday nights.	Miami Valley Gaming	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwegian National Road 168 (Norwegian: Riksvei 168) is a major route between Bærum and Oslo, Norway.	Norwegian National Road 168	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godar Shah (Persian: گدارشاه‎, also Romanized as Godār Shāh) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Godar Shah	Kuh Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gournay-sur-Marne is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France in the Seine-Saint-Denis department.	Gournay-sur-Marne	Seine-Saint-Denis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoar Tavern is a historic tavern northeast of downtown Lincoln on MA 2 in Lincoln, Massachusetts.	Hoar Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bassenthwaite is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria, England.	Bassenthwaite	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Twin Towers Correctional Facility, also referred to in the media as Twin Towers Jail, is a complex erected in Los Angeles, California.	Twin Towers Correctional Facility	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karchowice (karxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice, within Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Karchowice	Gmina Zbrosławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hundon is a village and civil parish in the Borough of St Edmundsbury in the English county of Suffolk.	Hundon	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vărșag (Hungarian: Székelyvarság or colloquially Varság, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈvɒrʃaːɡ)) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.	Vărșag	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakey Army Aviation Centre (IATA: OKY, ICAO: YBOK) is situated approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) from the town centre of Oakey in Queensland, Australia.	Oakey Army Aviation Centre	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Orchard State Marine Park is a state park located at the mouth of Oak Orchard Creek at Lake Ontario in the Town of Carlton in Orleans County, New York, USA.	Oak Orchard State Marine Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cles (German: Glöß; Nones: Clés) is a town and comune in Trentino, in the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region of northern Italy.	Cles	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Gala House is a museum and conference centre situated in the Old Town area of Galashiels in the Scottish Borders.	Old Gala House	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamran-e Beyg Reza (Persian: كامران بيگ رضا‎, also Romanized as Kāmrān-e Beyg Rez̤ā) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kamran-e Beyg Reza	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baq (Persian: بق‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Baq	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJAW-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 103.9 FM in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan with a hot adult contemporary format branded as Mix 103.9 FM.	CJAW-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neap is a small village in the east coast of the Mainland of the Shetland Islands, Scotland.	Neap	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okmulgee State Park is an Oklahoma state park in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma in the United States.	Okmulgee State Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sparta/Fort McCoy Airport (IATA: CMY, ICAO: KCMY, FAA LID: CMY) is a public and military use airport located in Monroe County, Wisconsin, three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of Sparta.	Sparta/Fort McCoy Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Gol (Persian: ده گل‎) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh Gol	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanqal-e Khaldi (Persian: شنقال خالدي‎, also Romanized as Shanqāl-e Khāldī) is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shanqal-e Khaldi	Direh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isabella Ranger Station is a complex of 21 buildings in Stony River Township, Minnesota, United States, near the town of Isabella.	Isabella Ranger Station	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. John's Park was a 19th-century park, and the neighborhood of townhouses around it, in what is now the Tribeca neighborhood of Lower Manhattan, New York City.	St. John's Park	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlton Barracks is a military installation in Leeds in West Yorkshire, England.	Carlton Barracks	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghun (Persian: باغون‎, also Romanized as Bāghūn) is a village in Gohreh Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Baghun	Gohreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elwood Bar was built in 1936 at 2100 Woodward Avenue (on the corner of Woodward and Elizabeth) in Detroit, Michigan and is now located at 300 East Adams Street.	Elwood Bar	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Carney Agricultural Complex is a historic farm complex located at Greenville, New Castle County, Delaware.	John Carney Agricultural Complex	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mackessack Park is a football ground in the town of Rothes, Scotland.	Mackessack Park	Rothes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grands-Jardins National Park is a provincial park in Quebec, Canada, located in the Lac-Pikauba Unorganized Territory.	Grands-Jardins National Park	Lac-Pikauba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chestnut Ridge Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located in Giles County, Virginia, though privately owned by a couple in Bluefield, West Virginia.	Chestnut Ridge Natural Area Preserve	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parque Chas is a barrio in Buenos Aires, Argentina, reinstated on 6 December 2005 through By-law No. 1907/06.	Parque Chas	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trustom Pond is a closed lagoon in South Kingstown, Washington County, Rhode Island, United States.	Trustom Pond	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baidar ech Chamout, Baïdar ech Chamoût or Beidar Chamout is a small village located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northeast of Machgara in the Western Beqaa District of Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon.	Baidar ech Chamout	Machgara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bastyr University is an alternative medicine university with a campus in Kenmore, Washington, and one in San Diego, California.	Bastyr University	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanva (Persian: نانوا‎, also Romanized as Nānvā; also known as Bakhshābād) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District, Atamalek District, Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nanva	Hokmabad Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obava (Ukrainian: Обава, Hungarian: Dunkófalva) is a village located in the Mukacheve Raion (district) in the Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Obava	Mukacheve Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baytown Airport (IATA: HPY, ICAO: KHPY, FAA LID: HPY) is a public-use airport located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) north of the central business district of Baytown, a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.	Baytown Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Karamanly House Museum (also known as the Qaramanli House Museum, the House of Karamanly and the Tripoli Historical Exhibition) is a historic house and museum located in Tripoli, Libya.	Karamanly House Museum	Tripoli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byfleet is an inland island surrounded by waterways and a village of medieval origin that is today the most distant but contiguous suburb of the large town of Woking in Surrey, England.	Byfleet	Woking
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Saeo (Thai: บ้านแซว) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Chiang Saen District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Ban Saeo	Chiang Saen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dionne Lake (variant: DionneLake) is a lake in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Dionne Lake	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sørarnøy or Sørarnøya is a small island and village in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county, Norway.	Sørarnøy	Gildeskål
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mollinsburn is a settlement in the North Lanarkshire area of Scotland.	Mollinsburn	North Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorunan (Persian: خرونان‎, also Romanized as Khorūnān) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khorunan	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gosfield Wind Project is a 50.6 megawatt (MW) wind farm in Kingsville, Ontario, consisting of 22 2.3 MW Siemens SWT 2.3 wind turbines with 49 meter long blades.	Gosfield Wind Project	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ossowo (ɔsˈsɔvɔ) (German: Ostau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ossowo	Gmina Lubraniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boll Weevil Monument in downtown Enterprise, Alabama, United States is a prominent landmark and tribute erected by the citizens of Enterprise in 1919 to show their appreciation to an insect, the boll weevil, for its profound influence on the area's agriculture and economy.	Boll Weevil Monument	Enterprise
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlantic Music Festival (AMF) is a classical music festival held every summer in Waterville, Maine, USA on the campus of Colby College.	Atlantic Music Festival	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	São José dos Pinhais (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w ʒʊˈzɛ dos pĩˈɲajs)) is a city in Paraná, Brazil.	São José dos Pinhais	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riggs Field is a 6,500-capacity soccer-specific stadium located in Clemson, South Carolina.	Riggs Field	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Juan Islands National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located in the Puget Sound area in the state of Washington.	San Juan Islands National Monument	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baravand-e Sofla (Persian: بروندسفلي‎, also Romanized as Barāvand-e Soflá and Barevand-e Soflá; also known as Barāvand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baravand-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Julià de Cerdanyola is a town and municipality in the comarca of Berguedà, in Catalonia.	Sant Julià de Cerdanyola	Berguedà
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waniorowo (vaɲɔˈrɔvɔ) (German: Vahnerow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Waniorowo	Gmina Gryfice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itxassou (Basque Itsasu) is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Itxassou	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Center for Mental Health (NCMH) (Filipino: Pambansang Sentro ng Pangkaisipang Kalusugan), is a 4200-bed psychiatric hospital occupying 47 hectares of land in the city of Mandaluyong.	National Center for Mental Health	Mandaluyong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiqeh (Persian: جيقه ‎, also Romanized as Jīqeh; also known as Dzhiga, Jegheh, Jeqeh, Jeqqeh, Jiga, and Jīgheh) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jiqeh	Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Lithodendron Wash (also known as Carrizo Wash or Little Carrizo Wash) is a stream located in Navajo County, Arizona, east of Sun Valley and west of the ghost town of Adamana.	Little Lithodendron Wash	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Palladium is a theater located at 6215 Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California.	Hollywood Palladium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chushadestan (Persian: چوشادستان‎, also Romanized as Chūshādestān; also known as Choosha Hanestan, Chūshāhestān, and Chushastan) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chushadestan	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benimassot (Valencian pronunciation: (benimaˈsɔt), Spanish: Benimasot) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Benimassot	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twentynine Palms Airport (IATA: TNP, ICAO: KTNP, FAA LID: TNP) is a public use airport located six nautical miles (11 km) east of the central business district of Twentynine Palms, a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Twentynine Palms Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilpenstein Castle (Dutch:Ilpenstein, Huis te Ilpendam, Hof te Ilpendam) was a castle of the Free and high Lordship of Purmerend, Purmerland and Ilpendam, located in Ilpendam (Waterland) in the north of the city of Amsterdam.	Ilpenstein Castle	Ilpendam	Waterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eureka Opera House is an auditorium and convention center in Eureka, Nevada.	Eureka Opera House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stocki Młyn (ˈstɔt͡ski ˈmwɨn) (German: Stocksmühle) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stocki Młyn	Gmina Pelplin
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXAC (100.5 FM) is a radio station serving south central Minnesota with a satellite-fed syndicated oldies format from ABC Radio Networks.	KXAC	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Payanam is a village in kanyakumari district, Tamil Nadu next to Unnamalaikadai.	Payanam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshmenan Talem (Persian: اشمنانطالم‎, also Romanized as Eshmenān Ţālem; also known as Eshmenānz̧ālem) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Eshmenan Talem	Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lambert's Point Deperming Station is a United States Navy deperming facility located in the Elizabeth River just off Lambert's Point, Norfolk, Virginia, United States.	Lambert's Point Deperming Station	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKYQ is a country music formatted radio station based in Paducah, Kentucky.	WKYQ	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenleaf State Park is located near Braggs, Oklahoma, and is situated around the 930-acre (3.8 km2) Greenleaf Lake.	Greenleaf State Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kivarz-e Sofla (Persian: كيورزسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kīvarz-e Sofla; also known as Kīvarz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kivarz-e Sofla	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Löwenströmska lasarettet is a locality situated in Upplands Väsby Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden, with a population of 518 in 2010.	Löwenströmska lasarettet	Upplands Väsby Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palais Todesco is a Ringstraßenpalais in Vienna, Austria, constructed from 1861 to 1864 on plans by architect Theophil Hansen.	Palais Todesco	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gooloogong is a village located in central New South Wales, Australia.	Gooloogong	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johannesburg Art Gallery is an art gallery located in Joubert Park, in the central business district of Johannesburg, South Africa.	Johannesburg Art Gallery	Joubert Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyer Avenue is a short, north-south thoroughfare in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City, located between Ninth Avenue and Tenth Avenue.	Dyer Avenue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łapy-Korczaki (ˈwapɨ kɔrˈt͡ʂaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łapy-Korczaki	Gmina Łapy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mithrapuram is a small village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, south india, and is 4 kilometers away from Adoor.	Mithrapuram	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teatro San Samuele was an opera house and theatre located at the Rio del Duca, between Campo San Samuele and Campo Santo Stefano, in Venice.	Teatro San Samuele	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Xavier Indian Reservation (O’odham: Wa:k) is located near Tucson, Arizona, in the Sonoran Desert.	San Xavier Indian Reservation	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourbon Square Casino was a casino in downtown Sparks, Nevada.	Bourbon Square Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veľký Meder (1948--1990 Čalovo, Hungarian: Nagymegyer) is a town in the Dunajská Streda District, Trnava Region in southwestern Slovakia.	Veľký Meder	Dunajská Streda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebenezer Floppen Slopper's Wonderful Water slides is an abandoned waterpark located on a large hill on Roosevelt Road and Route 83 in Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois.	Ebenezer Floppen Slopper's Wonderful Water slides	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prairie Mission, also known as the Prairie Mission School and Prairie Institute, was a historic African American school in the community of Prairie, Alabama.	Prairie Mission	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Public School Number Two is located in Paterson, Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Public School Number Two	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzydnik Duży-Kolonia (ˈtʂɨdnik ˈduʐɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Trzydnik Duży-Kolonia	Gmina Trzydnik Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Maria Maddalena is a Roman Catholic church in Rome, named after Saint Mary Magdalene.	Santa Maria Maddalena	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anderson Japanese Gardens is a 12-acre (49,000 m2) Japanese garden located in Rockford, Illinois.	Anderson Japanese Gardens	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boundary Range, formerly known as the Boundary Mountains, is a subrange of the similarly named but much larger Boundary Ranges which run most of the length of the border between British Columbia, Canada, and Alaska, United States.	Boundary Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targonie (tarˈɡɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Targonie	Gmina Regimin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thennampakkam (Tamil: தெண்ணம்பாக்கம்) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district in state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Thennampakkam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sweet Briar College is a women's liberal arts college in Sweet Briar, Virginia, United States, about 12 miles (19 km) north of Lynchburg, Virginia.	Sweet Briar College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmab-e Bala (Persian: گرماب بالا‎, also Romanized as Garmāb-e Bālā and Garmāb Bālā) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Garmab-e Bala	Kharturan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Josiah Hess Covered Bridge No. 122 is a historic wooden covered bridge over Huntington Creek in Fishing Creek Township in Columbia County, Pennsylvania.	Josiah Hess Covered Bridge No. 122	Columbia County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ware Center Historic District encompasses the historic civic center of Ware, Massachusetts.	Ware Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozyazı is a town and district of Mersin Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey, 220 km (137 mi) west of the city of Mersin.	Bozyazı	Mersin Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Poshteh (Persian: ده پشته‎, also Romanized as Dehposhteh) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Poshteh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haarlemmermeer (ˌɦaːrlɛmərˈmeːr) is a municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Haarlemmermeer	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuthinaw Mountain is a mountain on the Stikine Plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada, located east of Tutsingale Mountain and 72 km (45 mi) northwest of Dease Lake on the north side of Tachilta Lakes.	Nuthinaw Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bay Village City School District is a public school district that serves Bay Village, Ohio.	Bay Village City School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stouffville (/ˈstoʊvɪl/) is the primary urban area within the town of Whitchurch-- Stouffville, Ontario, Canada.	Stouffville, Ontario	Whitchurch-- Stouffville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Shiran (Persian: قره شيران‎, also Romanized as Qarah Shīrān and Qareh Shīrān; also known as Karashinar and Qara Chenār) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qarah Shiran	Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio de La Cartuja or officially Estadio Olímpico de Sevilla is a multi-purpose stadium situated in the Isla de la Cartuja in Seville, Spain.	Estadio de La Cartuja	Seville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turtle Bay Exploration Park, located in Redding, California, is a museum complex that interprets the relationship between humans and nature.	Turtle Bay Exploration Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fonde Recreation Center, often known simply as Fonde (pronounced ``fon-DEE'') or Fonde Rec, is a public gym near downtown Houston, Texas.	Fonde	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vicovaro (Latin: Varia) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Rome in the Italian region Lazio, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northeast of Rome.	Vicovaro	Province of Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza (also known as Baldwin Hills Crenshaw, or by its acronym BHCP) is a shopping mall (the first post-war retail complex in California) in Los Angeles, California, owned and operated by the Capri Capital Partners.	Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanford Seacoast Regional Airport (IATA: SFM, ICAO: KSFM, FAA LID: SFM) is a public airport located four miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Sanford, a town in York County, Maine, United States.	Sanford Seacoast Regional Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maria Regina High School, commonly referred to as Maria, is an independent Roman Catholic all-girls high school in Hartsdale, New York in Westchester County.	Maria Regina High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilson-Wodrow-Mytinger House is believed to be the oldest house in Romney and the oldest public office building in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	Wilson-Wodrow-Mytinger House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان زرنه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Zarneh Rural District	Zarneh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Khar (Persian: سرخار‎, also Romanized as Sar Khār) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Khar	Saroleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Rah-e Zirrah (Persian: چهارراه زيرراه‎, also Romanized as Chahār Rāh-e Zīrrāh; also known as Chahār Rāh) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chahar Rah-e Zirrah	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Operation Plumbbob was a series of nuclear tests conducted between May 28 and October 7, 1957, at the Nevada Test Site, following Project 57, and preceding Project 58/58A.	Operation Plumbbob	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenox College was a college in Hopkinton, Iowa that operated from 1859 until its closure in 1944.	Lenox College	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Mildura was a local government area located at the northwestern corner of Victoria, Australia, on the Murray River and the South Australian border.	Shire of Mildura	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilkadeh (Persian: ايلكده‎, also Romanized as Īlkadeh) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ilkadeh	Goyjah Bel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastman Monument is a public artwork by an unknown artist, located at Crown Hill National Cemetery, which is in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States of America.	Eastman Monument	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niwki Kraszowskie (ˈnifki kraˈʂɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Niwki Kraszowskie	Gmina Międzybórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manitou Island Light Station is a lighthouse located on Manitou Island, off the tip of Michigan's Keweenaw Peninsula in Lake Superior.	Manitou Island Light Station	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montague Harbour Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on Galiano Island, one of the Gulf Islands off BC's South Coast in Canada.	Montague Harbour Marine Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krause Bottom is a riparian forest area on the Elwha River along the Geyser Valley trail in Olympic National Park, Washington.	Krause Bottom	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrietfield is a village near Glenalmond in Perth and Kinross.	Harrietfield	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Soleyman (Persian: ده سليمان‎, also Romanized as Deh Soleymān; also known as Soleymān Shāh) is a village in Gavrud Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh Soleyman	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazan Band (Persian: گزان بند‎, also Romanized as Gazān Band) is a village in Sina Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gazan Band	Sina Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zambrzyce-Jankowo (zamˈbʐɨt͡sɛ jaŋˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zambrzyce-Jankowo	Gmina Rutki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meyvan (Persian: ميوان‎, also Romanized as Meyvān) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District, Bayangan District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Meyvan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seminole Heights United Methodist Church, also referred to as Seminole Heights Methodist or Seminole Heights UMC, is an active Methodist congregation and a historic, Gothic Revival style church building constructed in 1927 in the Old Seminole Heights neighborhood of Tampa, Florida.	Seminole Heights United Methodist Church	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikorowo (mikɔˈrɔvɔ) (German: Mickrow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mikorowo	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area codes 819 and 873 are area codes for central and western Quebec, Canada, including the Quebec portion of the National Capital Region, and the entire Hudson Strait and Ungava Bay coastlines of Quebec.	Area codes 819 and 873	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łebunia (wɛˈbuɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łebunia	Gmina Cewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanpur Luhari is a large village in the Shamli district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Hasanpur Luhari	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hog Island Light was a lighthouse roughly marking its eponymous island, and thus the north side of the Great Machipongo Inlet on the Virginia coast.	Hog Island Light	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mukrz (mukʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mukrz	Gmina Lniano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajudanabad (Persian: اجودان اباد‎, also Romanized as Ājūdānābād and Ajūdānābād) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ajudanabad	Abish Ahmad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	DB Draw is a railroad swing bridge crossing the Hackensack River between Secaucus and Kearny, in New Jersey, United States.	DB Draw	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dicle (Ottoman Turkish: پيران, Kurdish: Pîran, Zazaki: Piran) is a town and district of Diyarbakır Province, Turkey.	Dicle	Diyarbakır Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bródek (ˈbrudɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bródek	Gmina Łabunie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monument Valley Park is a historic, recreational park in Colorado Springs, Colorado through which Monument Creek flows.	Monument Valley Park	Colorado Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rumford Point Congregational Church is an historic church at the State Route 5 and U.S. Route 2 junction in Rumford, Maine.	Rumford Point Congregational Church	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKXK (94.1 FM, Colorado Country 94 Kix) is a radio station broadcasting a country music music format.	KKXK	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cramond Island (Scottish Gaelic Eilean Chathair Amain) is one of several islands in the Firth of Forth in eastern Scotland, near Edinburgh.	Cramond Island	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manitou Springs Incline, also known as the Manitou Incline or simply the Incline, is a popular hiking trail rising above Manitou Springs, Colorado, near Colorado Springs.	Manitou Incline	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pony Creek Park is a park in Oak Township, Mills County, Iowa, United States, northwest of Glenwood.	Pony Creek Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The School of Toronto Dance Theatre is a Canadian dance school located in the Cabbagetown neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario.	School of Toronto Dance Theatre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansuri Rural District (Persian: دهستان منصوری‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mansuri Rural District	Homeyl District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłodnica Dolna (kwɔdˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kłodnica Dolna	Gmina Borzechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maaria (S:t Marie in Swedish) is a former municipality of Finland in what is now the northern part of the city of Turku.	Maaria	Turku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielińsk (ˈʑeliɲsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Zielińsk	Gmina Osięciny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Margi (Persian: گل مرگي‎, also Romanized as Gol Margī) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gol Margi	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kudki, Kurki or Kudaki is a small village in Jaitaran tehsil of Pali district in Indian state of Rajasthan.	Kudki	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jack London State Historic Park, also known as Jack London Home and Ranch, is a California State Historic Park near Glen Ellen, California, United States, situated on the eastern slope of Sonoma Mountain.	Jack London State Historic Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located at the bottom of the Royal Mile in Edinburgh, at the opposite end to Edinburgh Castle, Holyrood Palace has served as the principal residence of the Kings and Queens of Scots since the 16th century, and is a setting for state occasions and official entertaining.	Holyrood Palace	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sundown Mounds is an multimound archaeological site in Tensas Parish, Louisiana from the Early Coles Creek culture.	Sundown Mounds	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raniwara (Hindi: रानीवाडा) is a City in Jalore District of Rajasthan state in India.	Raniwara	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamjin (Persian: مامجين‎, also Romanized as Māmjīn, Māmchīn, and Māmajīn) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District, Basharyat District, Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Mamjin	Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wild River Country is an outdoor water park located in North Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.	Wild River Country	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baunogenasraid is an archaeological site and National Monument in County Carlow.	Baunogenasraid	County Carlow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Wells Fargo Center is a 450 feet (137 m) tall building in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Three Wells Fargo Center	Charlotte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kala Gujran (in Punjabi کلا گُجراں) is a town and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Kala Gujran	Jhelum District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFGM-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a community radio/tourist information programing at 102.7 MHz (FM) in Caledon, Ontario.	CFGM-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davenport Crematorium is located in Fairmount Cemetery in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Davenport Crematorium	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appomattox Manor is a former plantation home in Hopewell, Virginia, USA.	Appomattox Manor	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walter Pyramid, formerly known as The Pyramid, is a 5,000-seat, indoor multi-purpose arena on the campus of Long Beach State University in Long Beach, California.	Walter Pyramid	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beguildy (Welsh: Bugeildy) is a small village and geographically large community in Powys, Wales.	Beguildy	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mueang Nga (Thai: เหมืองง่า) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lamphun District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 14,067 people.	Mueang Nga	Mueang Lamphun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romodanovsky District (Russian: Ромода́новский райо́н; Erzya: Рамаданбуе; Moksha: Ромодановань аймак) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Romodanovsky District	Republic of Mordovia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queens Museum, formerly the Queens Museum of Art, is an art museum and educational center located in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in the borough of Queens in New York City, United States.	Queens Museum	Flushing Meadows-Corona Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bradford R. Boss Arena is an 2,500-seat ice arena on the campus of The University of Rhode Island located in Kingston, Rhode Island.	Bradford R. Boss Arena	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Tweedsmuir Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands located in Foxe Basin, off the southwest coast of Baffin Island, in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	South Tweedsmuir Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Shureh (Persian: حاجي شوره‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Shūreh) is a village in Bilavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hajji Shureh	Bilavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Highland-American Legion State Forest is a Wisconsin state forest of more than 225,000 acres (910 km2) across Vilas, Oneida, and Iron counties in north-central Wisconsin.	Northern Highland-American Legion State Forest	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parker Place (百家店) is a 61,000 square foot shopping mall in Richmond, British Columbia.	Parker Place	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmersdon is a village and civil parish in the north of Somerset between the towns of Radstock and Frome.	Kilmersdon	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's Meaburn is a small village and civil parish in Cumbria, of 105 inhabitants.	King's Meaburn	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaen County (Persian: شهرستان قائن‎, also Romanized as Ghayen) is a county in South Khorasan Province in Iran.	Qaen County	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollins-Roundhouse Historic District (also known as B-5144) is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Hollins-Roundhouse Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Benjamin Aldrich Homestead is a historic homestead east of the terminus of Aldrich Road, slightly east of Piper Hill in Colebrook, New Hampshire.	Benjamin Aldrich Homestead	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knight's Pass is a mountain pass located in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa near Utrecht.	Knight's Pass	KwaZulu-Natal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Crossing is a shopping district that is a small part of downtown Boston, Massachusetts, located due east of Boston Common and west of the Financial District.	Downtown Crossing	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osieki Słupskie (ɔˈɕɛki ˈswupskʲɛ) (German Wusseken, Kreis Stolp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Osieki Słupskie	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown County State Park is located in the United States in the center of the southern half of the state of Indiana.	Brown County State Park	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qapqal Xibe Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 察布查尔锡伯自治县; traditional Chinese: 察布查爾錫伯自治縣; pinyin: Chábùchá'ěr Xíbó Zìzhìxiàn; Xibe: Cabcal Sibe beye dasangga siyan, also transliterated as Chapchal) in Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture in northern Xinjiang is the only Xibe autonomous county of the People's Republic of China.	Qapqal Xibe Autonomous County	Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dwyriw is a community in the county of Powys, mid Wales.	Dwyriw	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooklyn Trust Company was a New York City bank.	Brooklyn Trust Company	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mifflin County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Lewistown, Mifflin County, Pennsylvania.	Mifflin County Courthouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mostek-Gajówka (ˈmɔstɛk ɡaˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mostek-Gajówka	Gmina Wasilków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halehsam (Persian: هله سم‎, also Romanized as Haleh Sam and Halesam) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Halehsam	Shabab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stilwell/Cherokee Nation Airport (FAA LID: O11) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) southwest of the central business district of Stilwell, in Adair County, Oklahoma, United States.	Stilwell/Cherokee Nation Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trier Hauptbahnhof is a railway station for the city of Trier, in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Trier Hauptbahnhof	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aq Sin Tappeh (Persian: اق سين تپه‎, also Romanized as Āq Sīn Tappeh) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District, Gomishan District, Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aq Sin Tappeh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Paul Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery in Meeker, Oklahoma, United States.	St. Paul Baptist Church and Cemetery	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anthony Morris House is a historic home located near Norristown in Worcester Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Anthony Morris House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waterloo Wildlife Research Station is a 2,937-acre (11.89 km2) Ohio state wildlife area located in western Waterloo Township, Athens County, Ohio.	Waterloo Wildlife Research Station	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Our Lady of Laeken (French: Église Notre-Dame de Laeken; Dutch: Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk van Laken) is a neo-Gothic Roman Catholic church in Laeken, Brussels.	Church of Our Lady of Laeken	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheyang County (simplified Chinese: 射阳县; traditional Chinese: 射陽縣; pinyin: Shèyáng Xiàn) is under the administration of Yancheng, Jiangsu province, China.	Sheyang County	Yancheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piaski Królewskie (ˈpjaski kruˈlɛfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Piaski Królewskie	Gmina Brochów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barycz Nowa (ˈbarɨt͡ʂ ˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Barycz Nowa	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James A. Garfield School is a school building located at 840 Waterman Street in Detroit, Michigan.	James A. Garfield School	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo in San Antonio, Texas, USA is one of the largest livestock shows and rodeos in the country.	San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shagonar (Russian: Шагона́р; Tyvan: Шагаан-Арыг Shagaan-Aryg) is a town and the administrative center of Ulug-Khemsky District of the Tuva Republic, Russia, located on the left bank of the Yenisei River 124 kilometers (77 mi) west of Kyzyl.	Shagonar	Ulug-Khemsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pichah (Persian: پيچاه‎, also Romanized as Pīchāh; also known as Pīchā'') is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pichah	Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chocień (ˈxɔt͡ɕeɲ) (German: Landwehr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chocień	Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwood Junior-Senior High School is a combined Junior and Senior High School in Wabash, Indiana.	Southwood Junior-Senior High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velliangattu Pudhur (also known as Kuravan Palayam) is a small and remote village in Tamil Nadu, India, in the Gobi taluk, Erode district.	Velliangattu Pudhur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tokoroa Hospital provides limited medical services for a population of approximately 22,800 people in the South Waikato District.	Tokoroa	South Waikato District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anna-Seiler-Brunnen (Anna Seiler Fountain) is a fountain on Marktgasse in the Old City of Bern, Switzerland.	Anna-Seiler-Brunnen	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obergeis is a village in the municipality of Neuenstein, district Hersfeld-Rotenburg in the German State of Hesse.	Obergeis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joaniów (jɔˈaɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Joaniów	Gmina Paradyż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purley Oaks railway station is in the London Borough of Croydon in south London, on the Brighton Main Line between Croydon and Redhill.	Purley Oaks railway station	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Martin Island is located off the Garden Peninsula in Delta County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	St. Martin Island	Delta County	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divan Morad-e Sofla (Persian: ديوان مرادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Dīvān Morād-e Soflá) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Divan Morad-e Sofla	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khallikote (ଖଲ୍ଲିକୋଟ୍) is a town and a Notified Area Council in Ganjam district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Khallikote	Ganjam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Kathao (Thai: หนองกะท้าว) is a subdistrict in the Nakhon Thai District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Nong Kathao	Nakhon Thai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ora Blanchard House is an historic house at the junction of Maine State Routes 16 and 27 in the center of Stratton, Maine, United States.	Ora Blanchard House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owja Kolah (Persian: اوجا كله‎, also Romanized as Owjā Kolah; also known as Owjā Kolā and Ūjā Kolā) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Owja Kolah	Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	MFF Football Centre (Mongolian: МХХ Хөлбөмбөгийн төв) is a stadium in the independent municipality of Ulaanbaatar within Mongolia.	MFF Football Centre	Ulaanbaatar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khar Khun (Persian: خارخون‎, also Romanized as Khār Khūn) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khar Khun	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trollaskeinuten is a mountain in the municipality of Suldal in Rogaland county, Norway.	Trollaskeinuten	Suldal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Steuben was a fortification erected in present day Steubenville, Ohio in the 18th century to provide protection from Indians for the first surveyors to venture into the Northwest Territory.	Fort Steuben	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio Jorge Basadre, previously known as the Estadio Modelo, is a multi-purpose stadium in Tacna, Peru named after historian Jorge Basadre.	Estadio Jorge Basadre	Tacna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvand-e Seh (Persian: داروند3‎, also Romanized as Dārvand-e Seh) is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darvand-e Seh	Direh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qianjiang District (formerly Qianjiang Tujia and Miao Autonomous County, simplified Chinese: 黔江区; traditional Chinese: 黔江區; pinyin: Qiánjiāng Qū) is a district (formerly autonomous county) in the southeastern part of Chongqing Municipality in China.	Qianjiang District	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Round Valley Reservoir in Clinton Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States, was formed in 1960 when the New Jersey Water Authority constructed two large dams and flooded a large valley.	Round Valley Reservoir	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 183A Toll Road or 183A is a toll road in the Austin metropolitan area of the U.S. state of Texas.	183A Toll Road	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schönbuch Railway (German: Schönbuchbahn) is a branch line in the Stuttgart region of the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Schönbuch Railway	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Times Square Theater is a former Broadway theater, located at 217 West 42nd Street, Manhattan, in New York City.	Times Square Theater	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Fox Nuclear Power Plant was proposed by the Public Service Company of Oklahoma (PSO) in May 1973.	Black Fox Nuclear Power Plant	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Captain James Newman House is a historic home in Knox County, Tennessee, United States, located at 8906 Newman Lane.	Captain James Newman House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qazan Chal (Persian: قزان چال‎, also Romanized as Qazān Chāl) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District, Basharyat District, Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qazan Chal	Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poitou-Charentes (French pronunciation: (pwatu ʃaʁɑ̃t)) is a former administrative region in south-western France.	Poitou-Charentes	France
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highline Botanical Garden is a 10.5-acre (4.2 ha) community botanical garden located at 13735 24th Avenue South, SeaTac, Washington.	Highline Botanical Garden	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baqerabad-e Samaleh (Persian: باقرابادسامله‎, also Romanized as Bāqerābād-e Sāmaleh; also known as Bāqerābād) is a village in Kivanat Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baqerabad-e Samaleh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Armitage-Halsted District is a historic district in the Lincoln Park community area of Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Armitage-Halsted District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boone Dam is a hydroelectric and flood control dam on the South Fork Holston River on the border between Sullivan County and Washington County in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Boone Dam	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethel Springs Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on 3rd Avenue in Bethel Springs, Tennessee.	Bethel Springs Presbyterian Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Visbek (Old Saxon Fiscbechi or Fiskbeki) is a municipality in the district of Vechta, in the Oldenburg Münsterland region of the state of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Visbek	Vechta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively, Ujjelli is under Maganoor Mandal of Mahbubnagar District in Andhra Pradesh.	Ujjelli	Maganoor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adeney is a hamlet in the English county of Shropshire, in the civil parish of Edgmond.	Adeney	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Danish Academy of Music (Danish: Det Kongelige Danske Musikkonservatorium) in Copenhagen was founded in 1825 by Giuseppe Siboni from Forlì.	Royal Danish Academy of Music	Copenhagen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafaz (Persian: كفاز‎, also Romanized as Kafāz; also known as Kaffāz-e Soflá and Kafās) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kafaz	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton Loade is a hamlet in Shropshire, England along the Severn Valley.	Hampton Loade	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gari Sheykh (Persian: گري شيخ‎, also Romanized as Garī Sheykh and Gerī Sheykh; also known as Goor Sheikh and Gūrī Sheykh) is a village in Khamir Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gari Sheykh	Khamir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Gav (Persian: تنگ گاو‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Gāv) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Gav	Jereh and Baladeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cavistrau (or Brigelser Hörner) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps, overlooking Brigels in Graubünden.	Cavistrau	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kerr Community Center, originally called Kerr Hall, is a community center located in Bastrop, Texas, United States.	Kerr Community Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poor House and Methodist Cemetery (also known as the ``Falmouth Work House'' or ``Poor Farm'' or ``Town Infirmary'' or ``Falmouth Artist Colony'') is an historic poor house and cemetery on 744 Main Street in Falmouth, Massachusetts.	Poor House and Methodist Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fazan (Persian: فازن‎, also Romanized as Fāzan) is a village in Sofla Rural District, Zavareh District, Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Fazan	Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakurgan (Persian: لاكورگان‎, also Romanized as Lākūrgān; also known as Lākūrgān Va Nokhvodkār) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lakurgan	Susan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Towers are twin residential buildings in the Hell's Kitchen (also referred to as Clinton) neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Silver Towers	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mahanoy Plane was a railroad Incline plane located along northern edge of the borough of Frackville, Schuylkill County in the Anthracite Coal Region of Pennsylvania.	Mahanoy Plane	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haas House is a building in Vienna at the Stock-im-Eisen-Platz.	Haas House	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Sulphur Springs Pavilion is a historic Greek Revival structure in Blue Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, United States.	Blue Sulphur Springs Pavilion	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tarra-Bulga National Park is a national park located in the south Gippsland region of eastern Victoria, Australia.	Tarra-Bulga National Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Gabri (Persian: بالاگبري‎, also Romanized as Bālā Gabrī; also known as Bālā Gīrī and Bālā Kobrá) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bala Gabri	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yopurga County is a county in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administration of the Kashgar Prefecture.	Yopurga County	Kashgar Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lessing-Gymnasium Köln is a grammar school located in Zündorf, a suburb in the southern part of Cologne.	Lessing-Gymnasium Köln	Zündorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Square Tavern, also known as the John West House, The Square, and Newtown Square Tavern, is a historic tavern located at Newtown Square, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Square Tavern	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old West Austin Historic District is a residential community in Austin, Texas, United States.	Old West Austin Historic District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wharton State Forest is the largest state forest in the U.S. state of New Jersey.	Wharton State Forest	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCCT (1150 AM) is a radio station licensed to Corpus Christi, Texas.	KCCT	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sitaphalmandi is well connected with the other localities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad by rail and road.	Sitaphalmandi	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Huecú is a third category municipality and capital of the Ñorquín Department, on the Provincial Road 4, in the north of the Argentine province Neuquén.	El Huecú	Ñorquín Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Margaret, New Fish Street, was a parish church in the City of London.	St Margaret, New Fish Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Terre Haute Post Office and Federal Building is a historic structure in Terre Haute, Indiana.	Terre Haute Post Office and Federal Building	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unisław Śląski (uˈniswaf ˈɕlɔ̃ski) (German: Langwaltersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów, within Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Unisław Śląski	Gmina Mieroszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahimlui-ye Muran (Persian: رحيملوي موران‎, also Romanized as Raḩīmlūī-ye Mūrān; also known as Raḩīmlū-ye Mūrān) is a village in Azadlu Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Rahimlui-ye Muran	Azadlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Discovery Islands are the islands in the Discovery Passage between Vancouver Island and the mainland in British Columbia.	Discovery Islands	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teerns (West Frisian: Tearns) is a village in Leeuwarden in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Teerns	Leeuwarden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anafotia (Greek: Aναφωτία; Turkish: Akkor) is a village located in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, west of Larnaca.	Anafotia	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sir John Carling Building was located along Carling Avenue at the Central Experimental Farm, in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Sir John Carling Building	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaighata (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (SC) is part of No. 14 Bangaon (Lok Sabha constituency) (SC).	Gaighata (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Bangaon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirlby Field, also known as Harry Running Stadium, is a 7,000-seat football stadium located in Traverse City, Michigan.	Thirlby Field	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyjice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdɪjɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Dyjice	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cromarty (pronunciation: i/ˈkrɒmərti/; Scottish Gaelic: Cromba, IPA: (ˈkʰɾɔumpə)) is a town, civil parish and former royal burgh in Ross and Cromarty, in the Highland area of Scotland.	Cromarty	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjiran (Persian: انجيران‎, also Romanized as Anjīrān) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District, Khav and Mirabad District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Anjiran	Khav and Mirabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tullibody Old Bridge, over the River Devon near Tullibody, Clackmannanshire, Scotland, dates from the early 16th century.	Tullibody Old Bridge	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miodusy Wielkie (mjɔˈdusɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Miodusy Wielkie	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernardinuscollege is a comprehensive school in Heerlen, the Netherlands.	Bernardinuscollege	Heerlen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziemianówka (d͡ʑemjaˈnufka), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Dziemianówka	Gmina Giby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebiełuch (tʂɛˈbjɛwux) (German: Radmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Trzebiełuch	Gmina Stolno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daejeon (Korean: (tɛdʑʌn)) is South Korea's fifth-largest metropolis.	Daejeon	South Korea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pel Hava (Persian: پل هوا‎‎, also Romanized as Pel Havā; also known as Pelleh Havā) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pel Hava	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindbergh Boulevard, named after the aviator, Charles Lindbergh, is a section of U.S. Routes 61 and 67 that extends through Missouri.	Lindbergh Boulevard	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Within present-day Finland, Karjala refers to the regions of South and North Karelia, although parts of historical Karelia also lies within the region of Kymenlaakso (Miehikkälä and Virolahti, Northern Savonia (Kaavi, Rautavaara and Säyneinen) and Southern Savonia (Mäntyharju).	Karelia	Kymenlaakso	Northern Savonia	Southern Savonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerusoppa is a village in Honnavar Taluk in Uttara Kannada District in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Gerusoppa	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP or KPK; Urdu: خیبر پختونخوا‎ ; Pashto: خیبر پښتونخوا‎) is one of the four provinces of Pakistan, located in the northwestern region of the country.	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa	Pakistan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushku (Persian: كوشكو‎, also Romanized as Kūshkū) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kushku	Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pruchna (ˈpruxna) is a village in Gmina Strumień, Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Pruchna	Gmina Strumień
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Tus (Persian: چاه طوس‎, also Romanized as Chāh Ţūs and Chah Toos; also known as Chād Ţūs, Chātūs, and Shatū) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District, Mahmeleh District, Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Tus	Mahmeleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Kish (Persian: تنگ كيش‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Kīsh) is a village in Hangam Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Kish	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangnyi, Gangni, Gangnyixiang or Gangnixiang (Chinese: 岗尼乡) is a village and township-level division of Amdo County in the Nagqu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region, in China.	Gangnyi	Amdo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stublina (Serbian: Стублина) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Stublina	Aleksinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luquan Yi and Miao Autonomous County (Chinese: 禄劝彝族苗族自治县; pinyin: Lùquàn yízú miáozú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county, under the jurisdiction of Kunming, Yunnan, China.	Luquan Yi and Miao Autonomous County	Kunming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Q Centre (formerly Bear Mountain Arena) is in Colwood, British Columbia, Canada.	The Q Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LaSalle Rail Bridge is a rail bridge that carries the former Illinois Central Railroad across the Illinois River in the small community of LaSalle, Illinois.	LaSalle Rail Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kentridge High School is a (senior) high school that is located on 43 acres (170,000 m2) in Kent, Washington.	Kentridge High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stephen Pool Waltrip High School is a secondary school located at 1900 West 34th Street in Houston, Texas, United States, 77018.	Waltrip High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toller Porcorum is a village and civil parish in West Dorset, England, situated in the Toller valley 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Dorchester.	Toller Porcorum	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Cave is an onyx cave located near Blue River, Wisconsin, in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States.	Eagle Cave	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fond du Lac State Forest is a state forest in Minnesota, USA, principally managed by the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (MDNR).	Fond du Lac State Forest	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalandar (Persian: چلندر‎, also Romanized as Chelandar) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chalandar	Baladeh Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybyszowy (pʂɨbɨˈʂɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Przybyszowy	Gmina Końskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claflin University is a private, coeducational, liberal arts institution located in Orangeburg, South Carolina, United States, about 40 miles (64 km) southeast of Columbia.	Claflin University	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The municipality was part of the Morges District until it was dissolved on 31 August 2006, and Denens became part of the new district of Morges.	Denens	Morges District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baladeh District (Persian: بخش بلده‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Baladeh District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schmalkalden-Meiningen is a Landkreis in the southwest of Thuringia, Germany.	Schmalkalden-Meiningen	Thuringia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michan (Persian: ميچان‎, also Romanized as Mīchān) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Michan	Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBQH (1050 AM) is a radio station in the Washington, D.C. region, licensed to Silver Spring, Maryland.	WBQH	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty Science Center is an interactive science museum and learning center located in Liberty State Park in Jersey City in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	Liberty Science Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camden Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located on Commerce Street in Camden, Kent County, Delaware.	Camden Friends Meetinghouse	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Mordeh-ye Yusefi (Persian: سيدمرده يوسفي‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Mordeh-ye Yūsefī; also known as Seyyed Mordeh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Seyyed Mordeh-ye Yusefi	Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bądków Pierwszy (ˈbɔntkuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bądków Pierwszy	Gmina Przykona
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBCI (105.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Bath, Maine, USA, the station serves the Portland, Lewiston--	WBCI	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sud Khor (Persian: سودخر‎, also Romanized as Sūd Khor; also known as Galā'm and Sūd Khvor) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sud Khor	Qalandarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawes Road Cemetery is a Jewish cemetery in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Dawes Road Cemetery	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guzal Darreh Rural District (Persian: دهستان گوزل دره‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Guzal Darreh Rural District	Soltaniyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enndé is a village in the commune of Bandiagara in the Cercle of Bandiagara in the Mopti Region of south-east Mali.	Enndé	Bandiagara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wade Landing Mound is an archaeological site of the Coles Creek culture (700 to 1200 CE) in Caldwell Parish, Louisiana.	Wade Landing Mound	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Flaszczyna (ˈvɔla flaʂˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Flaszczyna	Gmina Zadzim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polk Street is a street in San Francisco, California, that travels northward from Market Street to Beach Street and is one of the main thoroughfares of the Polk Gulch neighborhood traversing through the Tenderloin, Nob Hill, and Russian Hill neighborhoods.	Polk Street	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadsund Municipality was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in North Jutland County on the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark until January 1, 2007.	Hadsund Municipality	North Jutland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton St Edmunds is a village and civil parish in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire, England, about 14 miles (23 km) south-east from the town of Spalding.	Sutton St Edmund	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Düssi (or Piz Git) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden.	Düssi	Uri	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Kreuznach station is the largest station in the town of Bad Kreuznach in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Bad Kreuznach station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located on the edge of Howard and Miami counties in Indiana, Howard-Miami Mennonite Church is a historical Mennonite church affiliated with Mennonite Church USA.	Howard-Miami Mennonite Church	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahalabad (Persian: كهل اباد‎, also Romanized as Kahalābād; also known as Kahlā, Kahlāābād, Kahlahābād, and Kahlehābād) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kahalabad	Khararud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steyl is situated on the right bank of the river Meuse in Limburg (Netherlands).	Steyl	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiguayante (Spanish pronunciation: (tʃiɣwaˈʝante)) is a Chilean city and commune in Concepción Province, Biobío Region.	Chiguayante	Concepción Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitstone is a village and civil parish in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Whitstone	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryngwyn is a village and rural location in Monmouthshire, south east Wales.	Bryngwyn	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchlino (parˈxlʲinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Parchlino	Gmina Barwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarangoli Run (Persian: زرنگلي رون‎, also Romanized as Zarangolī Rūn) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Zarangoli Run	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brasowe (braˈsɔvɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Herby, within Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Brasowe	Gmina Herby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Książęca (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Wieś Książęca	Gmina Bralin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luhe District (simplified Chinese: 六合区; traditional Chinese: 六合區; pinyin: Lùhé Qū) is one of 11 districts of Nanjing, the capital of Jiangsu province, China.	Luhe District	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glogue is a hamlet and post town, 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Llanfyrnach, in the community of Crymych in the east of the county of Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Glogue	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Williamsburg Houses, originally called the Ten Eyck Houses, is a New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) development in the Williamsburg, Brooklyn neighborhood, New York City, New York.	Williamsburg Houses	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szemudzka Huta (ʂɛˈmut͡ska ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szemudzka Huta	Gmina Szemud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalangani is a village in Tamil Nadu, India, located on the National Highway NH 7, 11 km before Namakkal on the Salem to Namakkal route.	Kalangani	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Piastowo (ˈnɔvɛ pjasˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Piastowo	Gmina Sierpc
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasco State Prison-Reception Center (WSP) is a 634-acre (257 ha) state prison located in Wasco, Kern County, California.	Wasco State Prison	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Capitol Street is a major street that divides the northeast and southeast quadrants of Washington, D.C. It runs due east from the United States Capitol to the DC-Maryland border.	East Capitol Street	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schedel Arboretum and Gardens is a well-preserved botanical garden and arboretum on the bank of a river in Elmore, Ohio in the United States.	Schedel Arboretum and Gardens	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siedlce Governorate (Russian: Седлецкая Губерния, Polish: Gubernia siedlecka) was an administrative unit (governorate) of the Congress Poland.	Siedlce Governorate	Congress Poland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palatine Hill (Latin: Collis Palatium or Mons Palatinus; Italian: Palatino (palaˈtiːno)) is the centermost of the Seven Hills of Rome and is one of the most ancient parts of the city.	Palatine Hill	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węża (ˈvɛ̃ʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Węża	Gmina Korfantów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pińsk Ghetto (Polish: Getto w Pińsku) was a World War II extermination ghetto created by Nazi Germany for the confinement of Polish Jews living in the city of Pińsk (now Pinsk, Belarus) in the eastern territory of occupied Poland.	Pińsk Ghetto	Pinsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Köln Messe/Deutz station (called Köln-Deutz until November 2004, Colognian: Düx, pronounced (dʏks)) is an important railway junction for long-distance rail and local services in the Cologne district of Deutz in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Köln Messe/Deutz station	Köln-Deutz	Cologne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogard (ˈɔɡart) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ogard	Gmina Barlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambuskenneth (Scottish Gaelic: Camas Choinnich pronounced (ˈkʰamas̪ ˈs̪kʲɛnɪl) ) is a village in the city of Stirling, Scotland.	Cambuskenneth	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardekan (Persian: گردكان‎, also Romanized as Gardekān) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gardekan	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chégamat (also written Chegamate) is a village in the commune of Oued El Alenda, in Mih Ouensa District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Chégamat	Mih Ouensa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podolsze (pɔˈdɔlʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator, within Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Podolsze	Gmina Zator
located in the administrative territorial entity	Challeh Khuni (Persian: چاله خوني‎, also Romanized as Chālleh Khūnī and Chelleh Khūnī) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Challeh Khuni	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorothy Scott Airport (FAA LID: 0S7) is a public international airport in Oroville, Washington, United States--a city in the Okanogan region--that was opened in August 1937.	Dorothy Scott Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rayburn House Office Building (RHOB) is a congressional office building for the U.S. House of Representatives in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington, D.C., between South Capitol Street and First Street.	Rayburn House Office Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yalobusha River is a river, 165 miles (266 km) long, in north-central Mississippi in the United States.	Yalobusha River	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mniszów (ˈmniʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Mniszów	Gmina Nowe Brzesko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castlebythe (Welsh: Cas-fuwch) is a village and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales, on the southern slopes of the Preseli Hills, 10 km south-east of Fishguard.	Castlebythe	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyramid Motors is a historic automobile showroom building located at Lynchburg, Virginia, United States.	Pyramid Motors	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center (also commonly referred to as UCLA Medical Center or ``the Reagan'') is a hospital located on the campus of the University of California, Los Angeles in Westwood, Los Angeles, California, United States.	Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Sadat (Persian: برافتاب سادات‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Sādāt) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Sadat	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concrete-Central Elevator is a historic grain elevator located on the Buffalo River at 175 Buffalo River (750 Ohio St.) Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Concrete-Central Elevator	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nehzat-e Sofla (Persian: نهضت سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nehẕat-e Soflá; also known as Nehẕat and Shāhrokhī) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Nehzat-e Sofla	Mugarmun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pike National Forest is located in the Front Range of Colorado, USA, west of Colorado Springs and including Pikes Peak.	Pike National Forest	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patrick Creagh House is a historic home at 160 Prince George Street in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.	Patrick Creagh House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gao Region is located in northeastern Mali.	Gao Region	Mali
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cavanaugh Flight Museum is an aviation museum in Addison, Texas, with a non-profit 501(c)(3) status for aviation educational.	Cavanaugh Flight Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziadowo (d͡ʑaˈdɔvɔ) (German: Dadow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dziadowo	Gmina Gryfice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Junkerngasse (``Nobility Lane'') is a street in the Old City of Bern, the medieval city center of Bern, Switzerland.	Junkerngasse	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uherce Mineralne (uˈxɛrt͡sɛ mʲinɛˈralnɛ) (Ukrainian: Угерці Мінеральні, Uhertsi Mineral’ni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Uherce Mineralne	Gmina Olszanica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Witley is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England.	Little Witley	Worcestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northolme (known as the Gainsborough Martin & Co. Arena for sponsorship purposes) is a football ground in Gainsborough in England.	The Northolme	Gainsborough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaj Ab (Persian: كج اب‎, also Romanized as Kaj Āb) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kaj Ab	Bakharz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lancaster Cathedral, also known as The Cathedral Church of St Peter and Saint Peter's Cathedral, is in St Peter's Road, Lancaster, Lancashire, England.	Lancaster Cathedral	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwun Tong Garden Estate (Chinese: 觀塘花園大廈), or Garden Estate (Chinese: 花園大廈), is a public housing estate in Ngau Tau Kok, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, developed by the Hong Kong Housing Society, near the MTR Kwun Tong Line's Ngau Tau Kok Station.	Kwun Tong Garden Estate	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Choqa (Persian: سه چقا‎, also Romanized as Seh Choqā) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Seh Choqa	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marzbani (Persian: مرزباني‎, also Romanized as Marzbānī, Marzabānī, and Marzebānī; also known as Marzyānī) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Marzbani	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siseni is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal.	Siseni	Gulmi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Fork Pound Reservoir (also known as North Fork of Pound Lake) is a reservoir in Wise County, Virginia.	North Fork Pound Reservoir	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budziwojów (bud͡ʑiˈvɔjuf) (German: Baudmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Budziwojów	Gmina Chojnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cohen Stadium is a stadium on the Northeast side of El Paso, Texas, by the Patriot Freeway, next to the Franklin Mountains.	Cohen Stadium	El Paso
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clipper Mountain Wilderness is a wilderness area in the Clipper Mountains within the eastern Mojave Desert, in northeastern San Bernardino County, California.	Clipper Mountain Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algarah is a small town located at a distance of 15 km east of Kalimpong in Darjeeling district of West Bengal, India.	Algarah	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jenny Lind Tower is a stone tower located in North Truro, Massachusetts.	Jenny Lind Tower	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Ridge Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, and is located 4 km east of Gold River on Vancouver Island.	White Ridge Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Figueroa at Wilshire, formerly Sanwa Bank Plaza, is a 53-storey, 219 m (719 ft) skyscraper in Los Angeles, California.	Figueroa at Wilshire	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The D'Iberville Apartments is a complex of historic apartment buildings located in Mobile, Alabama.	D'Iberville Apartments	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Earnest Farms Historic District is a historic district consisting of four historic farms and associated structures near the community of Chuckey in Greene County, Tennessee, United States.	Earnest Farms Historic District	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The GEM Hotel brand is a neighborhood boutique hotel collection in Manhattan, New York City.	The GEM Hotel	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Sioux Indian Reservation, (Dakota: Cansa'yapi; Lakota: Čhaŋšáyapi) also known as the Mdewakanton Tribal Reservation, is an Indian reservation located along the southern bank of the Minnesota River in Paxton Township and Sherman Township, Redwood County, Minnesota.	Lower Sioux Indian Reservation	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumiany (tuˈmʲanɨ) (German: Daumen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tumiany	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadiz Springs State Recreation Area is a state park unit of Wisconsin, United States, featuring two reservoirs on a spring-fed creek.	Cadiz Springs State Recreation Area	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zadąbrów-Rudunek (zaˈdɔmbruf ruˈdunɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Zadąbrów-Rudunek	Gmina Warta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Canaveral Light is a historic lighthouse on the east coast of the U.S. state of Florida.	Cape Canaveral Light	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ford End is a small village in the parish of Great Waltham half way between Chelmsford and Great Dunmow in Essex, England, comprising over 150 houses	Ford End	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humnyska (Ukrainian: Гумни́ська) is a village (selo) in Busk Raion, Lviv Oblast of Western Ukraine.	Humnyska	Busk Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ernest Manning High School is a public senior high school located in the City of Calgary, Alberta, Canada and south of the Bow River.	Ernest Manning High School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Jalal ol Din (Persian: سيدجلال الدين‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Jalāl ol Dīn; also known as Seyyed Jamāleddīn) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Ferdows District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Seyyed Jalal ol Din	Ferdows District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Khökhii (Mongolian: Хан хөхий, khan the blueish) is a mountain of the Uvs Province in Mongolia.	Khan Khökhii	Uvs Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tol-e Sar Kuh (Persian: تل سركوه‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Sar Kūh and Tall-e Sarkūh; also known as Tol-e Sarkūb) is a village in Zirrah Rural District, Sadabad District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tol-e Sar Kuh	Zirrah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaliyam is a small village near Feroke in Kerala State, India.Famous Battle of Chaliyam was taken place here on 1571 against Portuguese.Revolutionaries broken the fort which was made by Portugal in here.Chaliyam is also famous for Khalasi	Chaliyam	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Pedro Valley Observatory, originally called Vega-Bray Observatory is an astronomical observatory located on a small hill overlooking the San Pedro River Valley, just east of Benson, Arizona (USA).	San Pedro Valley Observatory	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cox-Uithoven House (also known as the Cedar Ridge Plantation, the Cox House, and the Dutch Village) is a historic house in Columbus, Lowndes County, Mississippi.	Cox-Uithoven House	Columbus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberec District (Czech: Okres Liberec) is the district (okres) within the Liberec Region (Liberecký kraj) of Czech Republic.	Liberec District	Liberec Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edwin Brown High School, also known as Edwin Brown Alternative High School, was an alternative high school in Redmond, Oregon, United States.	Edwin Brown High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hugh T. Rinehart House (also known as the Ron McCarty House) is a historic house located near Uniopolis in Union Township, Auglaize County, Ohio, United States.	Hugh T. Rinehart House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Profitis (Greek: Προφήτης) is a village and a community of the Volvi municipality.	Profitis	Volvi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Panigarola (or Casa dei Panigarola), also known as Palazzo dei Notai (``Palace of the Notaries''), is a historic building of Milan, Italy, located in Piazza Mercanti, former city centre in the Middle Ages.	Casa Panigarola	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavan-e Vosta (Persian: بوان وسطي‎, also Romanized as Bavān-e Vosţá; also known as Bavān-e Mīānī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bavan-e Vosta	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rejmanka (rɛi̯ˈmanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rejmanka	Gmina Ostrzeszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monticello Field is a former airport and military airfield, located approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of Monticello, Minnesota.	Monticello Field	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tidworth is a garrison town and civil parish in south-east Wiltshire, England, located along the A338 road and close to the A303 road.	Tidworth	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isfield is a small village and civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex in England, located north-north-west of Lewes.	Isfield	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Udaondo is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, it is located in the Ituzaingó Partido in Greater Buenos Aires.	Villa Udaondo	Ituzaingó Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Beach City College, established in 1927, is a community college located in Long Beach, California.	Long Beach City College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFBO-FM is a French language Canadian radio station broadcasting in Moncton, New Brunswick at 90.7 FM.	CFBO-FM	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary Nohl Art Environment (also called the Fox Point Art Yard, Fox Point Witch's house and Mary Nohl's house) is a residence in the Milwaukee suburb of Fox Point, Wisconsin.	Mary Nohl Art Environment	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trescore Balneario is a town and comune in the Province of Bergamo, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Trescore Balneario	Province of Bergamo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umak Island (Aleut: Uhmax̂) is an island lying in a group of small islands situated between Adak Island and Atka Island in the Andreanof Islands group of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.	Umak Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sânpetru Mare (``Greater St. Peter''; Hungarian: Nagyszentpéter) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Sânpetru Mare	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toros Ab (Persian: ترس اب‎, also Romanized as Toros Āb; also known as Torsh Āb and Turushāb) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Toros Ab	Arabkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Finke is a monadnock in the locality of Yellabinna near Ceduna in South Australia.	Mount Finke	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolhasca (Romanian pronunciation: (dolˈhaska)) is a town in Suceava County, north-eastern Romania.	Dolhasca	Suceava County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulikowo (uliˈkɔvɔ) (German: Wulkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ulikowo	Gmina Stargard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Koshteh (Persian: خان كشته‎, also Romanized as Khān Koshteh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khan Koshteh	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zingzingbar is a road building camp and tea house situated 18 km from Bara-lacha-la on the Manali to Leh road in the Lahaul and Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh.	Zingzingbar	Lahaul and Spiti district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teynal (Persian: طينال‎, also Romanized as Ţeynāl and Teynāl; also known as Tenāl) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Teynal	Gol-e Cheydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Company F State Armory, also known as the Waltham State Armory, is a historic armory building at Curtis and Sharon Streets in Waltham, Massachusetts.	Company F State Armory	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Oak-Little Oak Islands is located along an old shoreline of Lake Pontchartrain in or near the Bayou Sauvage National Wildlife Refuge within the city limits of New Orleans, Louisiana.	Big Oak-Little Oak Islands	New Orleans
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Finborough is a small village in Suffolk, England about 3.5 miles (6 km) south-west of Stowmarket.	Little Finborough	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary McLeod Bethune Council House National Historic Site preserves the house of Mary McLeod Bethune, located in Northwest Washington, D.C., at 1318 Vermont Avenue NW.	Mary McLeod Bethune Council House National Historic Site	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBLL (1390 AM) is an American radio station in Bellefontaine, Ohio.	WBLL	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plutonic Airport (ICAO: YPLU) serves the Plutonic Gold Mine, Western Australia.	Plutonic Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoshi District is located in the East part of Logar Province, Afghanistan.	Khoshi District	Logar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queensborough Community College (QCC), is one of seven community colleges within the City University of New York (CUNY) system.	Queensborough Community College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valman (Persian: والمان‎, also Romanized as Vālmān and Wālmān; also known as Valīman) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Valman	Taraznahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles Fehr Round Barn is a round barn in the U.S. state of Illinois near the Stephenson County village of Orangeville.	Charles Fehr Round Barn	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central El Paso is part of the city of El Paso, Texas, USA, and contains some of the city's oldest and most historic neighborhoods.	Central El Paso	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keystone College is a small private liberal arts and sciences college located in Northeastern Pennsylvania.	Keystone College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annopole Stare (annɔˈpɔlɛ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Annopole Stare	Gmina Zduńska Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gollar Qarah Sufi (Persian: گللرقره صوفي‎, also Romanized as Gollar Qarah Şūfī; also known as Gollar and Qarah Şūfī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gollar Qarah Sufi	Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laguna Blanca School is a private school located on two different campuses, in Santa Barbara and nearby Montecito, California.	Laguna Blanca School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łówkówiec (wufˈkuvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łówkówiec	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orcas Island Airport (IATA: ESD, ICAO: KORS, FAA LID: ORS) is a public airport located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north of the central business district of Eastsound on Orcas Island in San Juan County, Washington, United States.	Orcas Island Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dun Carloway (Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Chàrlabhaigh) is a broch situated in the district of Carloway, on the west coast of the Isle of Lewis, Scotland (grid reference NB18994122).	Dun Carloway	Lewis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armour's Warehouse, also known as the Seneca Grain Elevator or the Hogan's North Elevator, is a historic grain elevator located in the village of Seneca, Illinois, USA.	Armour's Warehouse	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uzmaston is a small parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales, about 2 kilometres south-east of Haverfordwest.	Uzmaston	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBLK is an Urban contemporary FM radio station licensed to Depew that serves Buffalo, New York, Western New York and the Niagara Region (as well as a portion of the Greater Toronto Area) of Ontario, Canada.	WBLK	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulali (Persian: موللي‎, also Romanized as Mūlalī; also known as Mowlūlī) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mulali	Susan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Croton River (/ˈkroʊtən/ KROH-tən) is a river in southern New York that begins where its eastern and western tributaries join downstream from the Croton Falls Reservoir.	Croton River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dakota Zoo is a zoo in Bismarck, North Dakota located on the banks of the Missouri River, it is the third zoo built in North Dakota.	Dakota Zoo	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Dozdan (Persian: قلعه دزدان‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Dozdān; also known as Qal``eh Yazdān) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District, Taghenkoh District, Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,147, in 290 families.	Qaleh Dozdan	Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesapeake Baptist College & Seminary is an Independent Fundamental Baptist, liberal arts college, graduate school, and seminary located in Severn, Maryland, United States.	Chesapeake Baptist College	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Caldwell High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in West Caldwell, in Essex County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Caldwell-West Caldwell Public Schools, which serves students from both Caldwell and West Caldwell.	James Caldwell High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capricornia Correctional Centre is located in Central Queensland, Australia, and services mainly the Rockhampton and Central Queensland areas.	Capricornia Correctional Centre	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeside Nature Reserve is a small Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Church End, Finchley in the London Borough of Barnet.	Lakeside Nature Reserve	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The first (Container City I) was installed in 2001, in four days, and fitted out over five months, at Trinity Buoy Wharf, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Container City	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamernia (xaˈmɛrɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Hamernia	Gmina Józefów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kawuneeche Valley is a marshy valley of the Colorado River near its beginning.	Kawuneeche Valley	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mathaganeri is a village in Tirunelveli District, Tamil Nadu, India.It's also calleds as Mathaganaloor.Mathagai Mutharamman temple,Sriman Narayana swamy temple, manthai sudalaimada swamy temple,Manna raja temple,Isakkiyamman temple, Therkathiyan and more 20 temples famous in Mathaganeri.	Mathaganeri	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luxley is a village in the southwest Midlands of England, on the border between Gloucestershire and Herefordshire near May Hill.	Luxley	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckingham Friends School, a private Quaker school in Lahaska, Pennsylvania was founded in 1794.	Buckingham Friends School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duchowo (duˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Duchowo	Gmina Milicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Siennicka (ˈvɔla ɕenˈnit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Siennicka	Gmina Siennica Różana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gendt is a city in Gelderland in the municipality of Lingewaard.	Gendt	Lingewaard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brackett Field (IATA: POC, ICAO: KPOC) is a public airport located one mile (2 km) southwest of La Verne, in Los Angeles County, California, USA.	Brackett Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elsen is a village in Germany that forms a part of the city Paderborn in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Elsen	Paderborn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitehall Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Whitehall Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is in Madhepura district.Bihariganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: बिहारिगंज विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is an assembly constituency in Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Bihariganj	Madhepura district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Aziz (Persian: پيرعزيز‎, also Romanized as Pīr ``Azīz) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 6 families.	Pir Aziz	Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bullyard is a small rural town located off the Bruce Highway in central Queensland, Australia, approximately 37 kilometres (23 mi) west of Bundaberg and 358 kilometres (222 mi) north-west of Brisbane, the state capital.	Bullyard	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarbsk (sarpsk) (German: Sarsen; before 1937: Sarbske) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sarbsk	Gmina Wicko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sankhar is a Village Development Committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal.	Sankhar	Syangja District
located in the administrative territorial entity	535 Mission Street is an office skyscraper in the South of Market district of San Francisco, California, opened in November 2014, with 27 stories rising 378 ft (115 m) above street level.	535 Mission Street	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka-Konstancja (ˈvulka kɔnsˈtant͡sja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka-Konstancja	Gmina Stanisławów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Cheshmeh-ye Jahanshah (Persian: هفت چشمه جهانشاه‎, also Romanized as Haft Cheshmeh-ye Jahānshāh; also known as Jahānshāh) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Haft Cheshmeh-ye Jahanshah	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcorcón (Spanish pronunciation: (alkorˈkon)) is a city in the south-west of the Madrid metropolitan area, Spain.	Alcorcón	Madrid metropolitan area
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehdez Rural District (Persian: دهستان دهدز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dehdez Rural District	Dehdez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWIT (90.3 FM), is the National Public Radio member station for Sioux City, Iowa and northwestern Iowa.	KWIT	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wannsee Railway (German: Wannseebahn) is a suburban railway in Berlin running from Potsdamer Platz via the Ring line station of Schöneberg to Wannsee station on Großer Wannsee, a lake after which it is named.	Wannsee Railway	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean County Library is a public library system that serves 32 municipalities out of the 33 municipalities of Ocean County, New Jersey.	Ocean County Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	De La Guerra Plaza is a small park type area in downtown Santa Barbara, California located right next to the Santa Barbara News Press.	De La Guerra Plaza	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żerkówek (ʐɛrˈkuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeg Dolny, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwest Poland.	Żerkówek	Gmina Brzeg Dolny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temozón Municipality is one of the 106 subdivisions of the State of Yucatán in Mexico.	Temozón Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Flag Square (Azerbaijani: Dövlət Bayrağı Meydanı) is a large city square off Neftchiler Avenue in Bayil, Baku, Azerbaijan.	National Flag Square	Baku
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kal-Haven Trail, formally known as the Kal-Haven Trail Sesquicentennial State Park, is a rail trail that originally ran 33.5 miles (55 km) between South Haven, Michigan, to a point just west of the city of Kalamazoo, Michigan, where there is a trailhead.	Kal-Haven Trail	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chisindia (Hungarian: Keszend) is a commune in Arad County, Romania.Chisindia lies in the southern part of the Sebiș Basin, at the foot of the Cuedului Hills, and it has a surface of 12928 ha.	Chisindia	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avajan is a commune in the Louron Valley in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.	Avajan	Hautes-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forth Road Bridge is a suspension bridge in east central Scotland.	Forth Road Bridge	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amandów (aˈmanduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pietrowice Wielkie, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the Czech border.	Amandów	Gmina Pietrowice Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ber Agur (Persian: براگور‎, also Romanized as Ber Āgūr and Bara Goor; also known as Barāqūr, Berāgūr-e Bālā, and Berāgūr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Blukat Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ber Agur	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Västerbotten County (Västerbottens län) is a county or län in the north of Sweden.	Västerbotten County	Sweden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleșcuța (Hungarian: Peleskefalva), a commune in Arad County, Romania, is situated in the Hălmagiu Basin, at the foot of Codru-Moma Mountains and Metaliferi Mountains, along the upper course of the Crişul Alb River.	Pleșcuța	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Attre Castle (Château d'Attre) is a former castle, now a country house or château, in Attre in the municipality of Brugelette, province of Hainaut, Belgium.	Attre Castle	Brugelette
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flemish Region (Dutch: Vlaams Gewest ; French: Région flamande) is one of the three official regions of the Kingdom of Belgium--alongside the Walloon Region and the Brussels-Capital Region.	Flemish Region	Belgium
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juni Kola (Persian: جوني كلا‎, also Romanized as Jūnī Kolā; also known as Jūneh Kolā) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Juni Kola	Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beeghly Physical Education Center, or simply Beeghly Center, is a 6,300-seat multi-purpose arena in Youngstown, Ohio.	Beeghly Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rose Garden Heliport (FAA LID: OG11) is a private heliport located in inner northeast Portland, Multnomah County, Oregon, USA.	Rose Garden Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Field at Veterans Memorial Park is a baseball venue in Harrisonburg, Virginia, United States.	Eagle Field at Veterans Memorial Park	Harrisonburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smyha (Ukrainian: Смига) is an urban-type settlement in the Dubno Raion (district) of Rivne Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Smyha	Dubno Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maniace (Sicilian: Maniaci) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) east of Palermo and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northwest of Catania.	Maniace	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beach-Knapp District encompasses a collection of six 19th-century buildings in the Chinatown neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Beach-Knapp District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terra Alta Bank, also known as The History House, is a historic bank building located at Terra Alta, Preston County, West Virginia.	Terra Alta Bank	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finchley Catholic High School is a boys' secondary school with a coeducational sixth form in North Finchley, part of the London Borough of Barnet.	Finchley Catholic High School	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai'erzhuang District (Chinese: 台儿庄区; pinyin: Tái'érzhuāng Qū) is one of five districts under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Zaozhuang.	Tai'erzhuang District	Zaozhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuheh-ye Yek (Persian: كوهه يك‎, also Romanized as Kūheh-ye Yek; also known as Kūheh and Kūh Ha) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuheh-ye Yek	Jahad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stondon Massey is a village in south Essex.	Stondon Massey	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Clay is a peak located in Thompson and Meserve's Purchase in Coos County in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains of New Hampshire.	Mount Clay	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Orignal Jail is a former jail in L'Orignal, Ontario, Canada built between 1824 and 1825 and decommissioned in 1998.	L'Orignal Jail	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieżychówko (ɲeʐɨˈxufkɔ) is a village in an administrative district of Gmina Białośliwie, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nieżychówko	Gmina Białośliwie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lekkum is a village in Leeuwarden in the Friesland province of the Netherlands.	Lekkum	Leeuwarden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavan Ahangar (Persian: گاوان اهنگر‎, also Romanized as Gāvān Āhangar) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gavan Ahangar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Medica Gardens are a collection of folk art stoneworks and gardens created by John Medica in Santa Rosa, California in the United States.	John Medica Gardens	Santa Rosa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Ładowska (ˈvɔla waˈdɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Ładowska	Gmina Iłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hastings Foundry-Star Iron Works is a historic foundry building in Hastings, Minnesota, United States.	Hastings Foundry-Star Iron Works	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakowo-Boginie (raˈkɔvɔ bɔˈɡiɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rakowo-Boginie	Gmina Piątnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinlitun (新立屯),or Hsin-li-t’un, is a town within Heishan County in Jinzhou prefecture, Liaoning, China.	Xinlitun	Heishan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seqizchi (Persian: سقيزچي‎, also Romanized as Seqīzchī; also known as Chahār Khānevār and Seqarchī) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Seqizchi	Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Brandon, formerly known as Brandon Town Center and Westfield Shoppingtown Brandon, is a shopping mall located eight miles (13 km) east of Tampa, Florida, in the suburban community of Brandon.	Westfield Brandon	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podwody-Kolonia (pɔdˈvɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Podwody-Kolonia	Gmina Bełchatów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopper's Hotel and Saloon, also known as the Airedale Building, is a National Register of Historic Places listed building in Denver, Colorado.	Kopper's Hotel and Saloon	Denver
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciumeghiu (Hungarian: Illye; German: Egisberg) is a commune in Bihor County, northwestern Romania with a population of 4,132 people.	Ciumeghiu	Bihor County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abpuneh (Persian: اب پونه‎, also Romanized as Ābpūneh; also known as Āb-i-Pina and Āb Pā’in) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Abpuneh	Rezvaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ustjanowa Górna (ustjaˈnɔva ˈɡurna) (Ukrainian: Устянова Горішня Ustianova Horishnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Ustjanowa Górna	Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sequatchie Valley is a relatively long and narrow valley in the U.S. state of Tennessee and, in some definitions, Alabama.	Sequatchie Valley	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Źrebięta (ʑrɛˈbjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Źrebięta	Gmina Grabów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Athabasca River (French: rivière Athabasca) originates from the Columbia Glacier of the Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park in Alberta, Canada.	Athabasca River	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay Pines National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in Pinellas County, northwest of the city of St. Petersburg, Florida.	Bay Pines National Cemetery	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chevron House, formerly called Caltex House, is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore.	Chevron House	Singapore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamiakin High School is a public high school in Kennewick, Washington, the second of three comprehensive high schools in the Kennewick School District.	Kamiakin High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Floors Castle, in Roxburghshire, south-east Scotland, is the seat of the Duke of Roxburghe.	Floors Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Place d'Orléans is a large shopping mall in the eastern end of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, in the community of Orléans.	Place d'Orléans	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirakoil (Tamil: திறக்கோயில்) is a village in Tellar (Tamil: தெள்ளார்) taluk in Tiruvannamalai (Tamil: திருவண்ணாமலை) district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Thirakoil	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinston Regional Jetport (IATA: ISO, ICAO: KISO, FAA LID: ISO), also known as Stallings Field, is a public airport located three miles (5 km) northwest of the central business district of Kinston, a city in Lenoir County, North Carolina, USA.	Kinston Regional Jetport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arthur Voaden Secondary School (often abbreviated as AVSS) is a high school in St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada.	Arthur Voaden Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Shetek is the largest lake in southwestern Minnesota, United States, and the headwaters of the Des Moines River.	Lake Shetek	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rye House railway station is in the Rye House area of Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire, England.	Rye House railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckland Airport (IATA: BKC, ICAO: PABL, FAA LID: BVK, formerly 7K5) is a state-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southwest of the central business district of Buckland, a city in the Northwest Arctic Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Buckland Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Post & Telecommunication Hub (also known as Guangdong Telecom Plaza) is a 68-storey, 260 m (850 ft) skyscraper in Guangzhou, China.	Post & Telecommunication Hub	Guangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brelsford House (also known as The Banyans) was a historic home in Palm Beach, Florida, United States, located at 1 Lake Trail.	Brelsford House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cześniki-Kolonia (t͡ʂɛɕˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Cześniki-Kolonia	Gmina Sitno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warren Landing Lower Range Lights are a pair of range lights in Warren Landing, Manitoba, at the entrance to the Nelson River.	Warren Landing Lower Range Lights	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojny-Pietrasze (ˈvɔi̯nɨ pjɛˈtraʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wojny-Pietrasze	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kelso Multimodal Transportation Center (also known as Kelso--Longview and previously as the Kelso Burlington Northern Train Depot) is an Amtrak train station located immediately south of Kelso, Washington, United States.	Kelso Multimodal Transportation Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sea Cliff Bridge is a balanced cantilever bridge located in the northern Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia.	Sea Cliff Bridge	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	West New York School District is a public school district serving students in kindergarten through 12th grade in West New York, New Jersey, United States.	West New York School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozova (Ottoman Turkish: بوزاووه Bozâbâd, Kurdish: Hewenc) is a district of Şanlıurfa Province of Turkey, 38 km from the city of Şanlıurfa.	Bozova	Şanlıurfa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joachim Plambeck House is a historic house located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Joachim Plambeck House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Istgah-e Sankhvast (Persian: ايستگاه سنخواست‎, also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Sankhvāst) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Istgah-e Sankhvast	Miyan Jovin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koukaki (Greek: Κουκάκι) is a southeast neighbourhood of the Municipality of Athens, Greece.	Koukaki	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Esmaili (Persian: قلعه اسماعيلي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Esmā``īlī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 21 families.	Qaleh-ye Esmaili	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont-Terri Castle is a ruined castle above a prehistoric site at Mont Terri in the municipality of Cornol of the Canton of Jura in Switzerland.	Mont-Terri Castle	Cornol	Canton of Jura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Via Ardeatina was an ancient road of Rome leading to the town of Ardea, after which it is named.	Via Ardeatina	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashtan (Persian: مشتان‎, also Romanized as Mashtān; also known as Mashtūn) is a village in Balyan Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mashtan	Balyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHHP-FM is a tourist information radio station that operates at 103.7 FM in Cypress Hills Provincial Park, Saskatchewan, Canada.	CHHP-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiddie Coaster is the name of a steel roller coaster located at Lake Compounce in Bristol, Connecticut.	Kiddie Coaster	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raxwerke or Rax-Werke was a facility of the Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik at Wiener Neustadt in Lower Austria.	Raxwerke	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metkazin (Persian: متكازين‎, also Romanized as Metkāzīn and Matkāzīn; also known as Metkāzamīn) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Metkazin	Ashrestaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jean-Rabel (Haitian Creole: Jan Rabèl) is a commune located west of the city of Port de Paix and east of the city of Mole st Niclas Môle-Saint-Nicolas Arrondissement, in the Nord-Ouest Department of Haiti.	Jean-Rabel	Môle-Saint-Nicolas Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolní Město (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdolɲiː ˈmɲɛsto)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Dolní Město	Havlíčkův Brod District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley of the Gods is a scenic sandstone valley near Mexican Hat in San Juan County, southeastern Utah.	Valley of the Gods	San Juan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llantysilio (Welsh: Llandysilio-yn-Iâl) is a community in Denbighshire, Wales.	Llantysilio	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Texas County Courthouse is the historic courthouse serving Texas County, Oklahoma, located in the city of Guymon.	Texas County Courthouse	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prescott National Forest is a 1.25 million acre (510,000 ha) United States National Forest located in north central Arizona in the vicinity of Prescott.	Prescott National Forest	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. John's Episcopal School is a comprehensive Episcopal day school in Oklahoma City, USA.	St. John's Episcopal School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dwight Street Historic District is an irregularly-shaped 135-acre (55 ha) historic district in New Haven, Connecticut.	Dwight Street Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pląskowice (plɔ̃skɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Pląskowice	Gmina Fałków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandon Academy Private School, or simply ``Brandon Academy'' or ``BA,'' is a coeducational private day school located on a 10-acre (40,000 m2) campus on Limona Road in Brandon, Florida that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade.	Brandon Academy Private School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolugh (Persian: بلوغ‎, also Romanized as Bolūgh; also known as Bolūk and Buluk) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bolugh	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Patria is a city and one of four communes in the Limarí Province of Chile's north-central IV Coquimbo Region.	Monte Patria	Limarí Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Early Winters Spires are two rock formations in the Liberty Bell Group of the North Cascade Range in Washington State, United States.	Early Winters Spires	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band Alikhan (Persian: بندعليخان‎, also Romanized as Band ``Alīkhān and Band-e ``Alī Khān) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 10 families.	Band Alikhan	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sidney Island is one of the southern Gulf Islands located between the southwest coast of British Columbia, Canada and Vancouver Island, BC, near James Island.	Sidney Island	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çandarlı is a coastal township with own municipality within the district of Dikili in western Turkey's İzmir Province.	Çandarlı	Dikili
located in the administrative territorial entity	Library Hall in Carpentersville, Illinois, also known as Administration Building, Dundee Township Park District, is a Romanesque architecture style building built during 1895-1897.	Library Hall	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elgyay (Russian: Эльгяй, Yakut: Элгээйи) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of two settlements, in addition to Bordon 3-y, in Elgyaysky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Elgyay	Suntarsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coaling Island is an area of reclaimed land in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Coaling Island	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOLM ``Radio Maria'' (for: Our Loving Mother) is a non-commercial FM broadcasting station at 88.1 mHz licensed to D'Iberville, Mississippi and serving the D'Iberville and Biloxi areas.	WOLM	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humboldt Bay Woolen Mill manufactured woolen cloth from 1901 to after World War II. The mill was listed as a National Historic Monument but demolished by the City of Eureka in 1987.	Humboldt Bay Woolen Mill	Eureka
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQHZ is classic rock formatted broadcast radio station in Erie, Pennsylvania.	WQHZ	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dungtoe Gewog (Dzongkha: གདུང་སྟོད་) is a gewog (village block) of Samtse District, Bhutan.	Dungtoe Gewog	Samtse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yachenahalli (Kannada: ಯಾಚೆನಹಳ್ಳಿ ) is a panchayat town in Mysore district (ಮೈಸೂರು) in the state of Karnataka, India.	Yachenahalli	Mysore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richardson High School (RHS) is a high school in Richardson, Texas, United States with a 2011 enrollment of approximately 2500 and a student/teacher ratio of 14.5.	Richardson High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernacice (bɛrnaˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.	Bernacice	Gmina Głubczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grochowo Pierwsze (ɡrɔˈxɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztutowo, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grochowo Pierwsze	Gmina Sztutowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeziny-Janowięta (bʐɛˈʑinɨ janɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzeziny-Janowięta	Gmina Dziadkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manzhouli (Chinese: 满洲里; pinyin: Mǎnzhōulǐ; Mongolian: Manǰuur ᠮᠠᠨᠵᠤᠤᠷ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ (Манжуур хот); Russian: Маньчжурия) is a sub-prefecture-level city located in Hulunbuir prefecture-level city, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of the China (PRC).	Manzhouli	Hulunbuir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liniewko (liˈɲefkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Liniewko	Gmina Tczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pokr Vedi (Armenian: Փոքր Վեդի) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Pokr Vedi	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dazvanik (Persian: دزوانيک‎, also Romanized as Dazvānīk; also known as Dūzdānīk) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dazvanik	Talang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brunswick Lion (German: Braunschweiger Löwe) is a monument and probably the best-known landmark in the city of Brunswick (German: Braunschweig).	Brunswick Lion	Braunschweig
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Maples is an estate in Summit, Union County, New Jersey, United States, listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places.	Twin Maples	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieterlen (French: Perles) is a municipality in the Biel/Bienne administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Pieterlen	Biel/Bienne administrative district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philippe Park is a Pinellas County park located in Safety Harbor, Florida.	Philippe Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel d'Angoulême Lamoignon is a hôtel particulier, or grand private house, in the Le Marais district of the 4th arrondissement of Paris, at the corner of number 24 rue Pavée and the rue des Francs-Bourgeois.	Hôtel d'Angoulême Lamoignon	4th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bitterroot Valley is located in southwestern Montana, along the Bitterroot River between the Bitterroot Range and Sapphire Mountains, in the Northwestern United States.	Bitterroot Valley	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coal Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park, Montana, is a rustic backcountry log cabin.	Coal Creek Patrol Cabin	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goharak (Persian: گهرک‎; also known as Gowharak) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Goharak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homer Airport (IATA: HOM, ICAO: PAHO, FAA LID: HOM) is a state-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) east of the central business district of Homer, a town in the Kenai Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Homer Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairgrounds Field is a ballpark located in Robstown, Texas.	Fairgrounds Field	Robstown
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northside United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church in the Northside neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Northside United Methodist Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyloe is a civil parish in the county of Northumberland, situated about 8 miles (13 km) south-east of Berwick-on-Tweed.	Kyloe	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garner Mill was a historic grist mill and saw mill on Shoal Creek in Lawrenceburg, Tennessee.	Garner Mill	Lawrenceburg, Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manasquan Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students from Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Manasquan, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Manasquan Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Święta-Osada (ˈnɔva ˈɕfjɛnta ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Święta-Osada	Gmina Złotów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezławki (bɛˈzwafki) (German Bäslack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bezławki	Gmina Reszel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capitol Riverfront is a business improvement district (BID) located just south of the United States Capitol between Capitol Hill and the Anacostia River in Washington, D.C. It was created by the District of Columbia City Council and approved by Mayor Fenty in August 2007.	Capitol Riverfront	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baikonur (Kazakh: Байқоңыр, Bayqoñır; Russian: Байконур, Baykonur), formerly known as Leninsk (also, see Tyuratam), is a city of republic significance in Kazakhstan on the right bank of the Syr Darya river, rented and administered by the Russian Federation.	Baikonur	Kazakhstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spirit of Peoria is a riverboat that normally runs in the Peoria, Illinois area on the Illinois River watershed.	Spirit of Peoria	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 845 is a telephone area code straddling the Hudson Valley region of the U.S. state of New York.	Area code 845	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ababsa (also written El Ababsa) is a suburb in the commune of Bayadha, in Bayadha District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Ababsa	Bayadha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasrana is a town and a nagar panchayat (a form of an urban political unit in India comparable to a municipality) in Firozabad district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Jasrana	Firozabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJZY is a radio station licensed to Sebastopol, California, with a frequency of 93.7 MHz. KJZY was begun in 1995 by Gordon Zlot, and remains under the ownership of his company, Redwood Empire Stereocasters, into 2006.	KJZY	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BB&T Pavilion is an outdoor amphitheater/indoor theater complex in Camden, New Jersey, United States, located in the Camden Waterfront entertainment district on the Delaware River across from Philadelphia.	BB&T Pavilion	Camden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quedgeley is a suburb of Gloucester, England, situated southwest of the city.	Quedgeley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charterhouse Street is a street in Smithfield, on the northern boundary of the City of London, forming the boundary with both the London Borough of Camden and the London Borough of Islington.	Charterhouse Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Building at 28-34½ Academy Street is a historic apartment building located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware.	Building at 28-34½ Academy Street	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papillion Junior High is a junior high school in Papillion, Nebraska, which currently holds 7th grade and 8th grade.	Papillion Junior High	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostheim vor der Rhön is a town in northern Bavaria, in the district of Rhön-Grabfeld in Franconia.	Ostheim	Rhön-Grabfeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garstang is an old market town and civil parish within the Wyre borough of Lancashire, England.	Garstang	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barrier Ranges or sometimes the Barrier Range and historically the Stanley's Barrier Range, is a mountain range that comprise a series of hills and higher grounds in the far western region of New South Wales, Australia, surrounding the city of Broken Hill.	Barrier Ranges	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Maries High School is a four-year public secondary school in St. Maries, Idaho, the only high school in the St. Maries Joint School District #41.	St. Maries High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jednaczewo (jɛdnaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jednaczewo	Gmina Łomża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayonne (French pronunciation: ​(bajɔn); Gascon: Baiona (baˈjunɔ); Basque: Baiona (baiona); Spanish: Bayona) is a city and commune and one of the two sub-prefectures of the department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques, in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Bayonne	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Victoria is located in south-central Manitoba, north-east of Glenboro.	Rural Municipality of Victoria	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kent House, also known as Sydney Kent House or St. James Convent, is a Queen Anne style house located at 2944 South Michigan Avenue in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Sydney Kent House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVSA (1220 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve McGehee, Arkansas, USA.	KVSA	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanyfron, also occasionally spelt Tan-y-fron, is a village in Wrexham County Borough in Wales.	Tanyfron	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	The G. Wayne Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons (Clough Commons) is an academic building on the campus of the Georgia Institute of Technology.	Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deka Lake is a freshwater body of water located in the Cariboo region of British Columbia.	Deka Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiskunfélegyháza (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkiʃkunfeːlɛchaːzɒ); German: Feulegaß) is a city in Bács-Kiskun County, Hungary.	Kiskunfélegyháza	Bács-Kiskun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former District School No. 14 building is located on Academy Street in Pine Hill, New York, United States.	District School No. 14	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakanas (Kazakh: Бақанас) is a selo in Balkhash District in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Bakanas	Balkhash District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Men's Gym on the campus of UCLA, now known as the Student Activities Center, is a 2,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Los Angeles, California.	Men's Gym	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suszów (ˈsuʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Suszów	Gmina Telatyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peschiera Borromeo (Italian pronunciation: (peˈskjɛːra borroˈmɛːo)) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 12 kilometres (7 mi) southeast of Milan.	Peschiera Borromeo	Province of Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tejupilco de Hidalgo is the seat of Tejupilco Municipality in the State of Mexico, Mexico.It is located approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) southwest of the state capital Toluca, along Federal Highway 34.	Tejupilco de Hidalgo	Tejupilco Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nambor Wildlife Sanctuary (Assamese: নামবৰ অভয়াৰণ্য) is a protected area located in Karbi Anglong district of Assam in India.	Nambor Wildlife Sanctuary	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunb District (Persian: بخش تنب‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Abumusa County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tunb District	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mascali (Sicilian: Màscali) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) east of Palermo and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Catania.	Mascali	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patavan (Persian: پاتاوان‎, also Romanized as Pātāvān) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Patavan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Isaac's Cathedral or Isaakievskiy Sobor (Russian: Исаа́киевский Собо́р) in Saint Petersburg, Russia is the largest Russian Orthodox cathedral (sobor) in the city.	Saint Isaac's Cathedral	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Darvishan (Persian: سياه درويشان‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Darvīshān; also known as Siyakh-Darveshan) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Darvishan	Hend Khaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larantuka (Dutch: Larantoeka) is a kecamatan (district) and seat capital of East Flores Regency, on the eastern end of Flores Island, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia.	Larantuka	East Flores Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lobstick Lake became part of the Smallwood Reservoir, along with Michikamau Lake, upon the damming of the Churchill River in western Labrador, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Lobstick Lake	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Fayerweather Blacksmith Shop is an historic homestead and blacksmith shop at 1859 Mooresfield Road on the eastern outskirts of the Kingston Historic District in South Kingstown, Rhode Island.	George Fayerweather Blacksmith Shop	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chesapeake Beach Railway Station is a historic railway station located at Chesapeake Beach, Calvert County, Maryland, United States.	Chesapeake Beach Railway Station	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Coast Guard Air Station San Diego (CGAS San Diego) is a Coast Guard Air Station based in San Diego, California, United States, across the street from San Diego International Airport.	Coast Guard Air Station San Diego	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Pierre National Grassland is a United States National Grassland in central South Dakota, south of the capital city Pierre and its neighbor Fort Pierre.	Fort Pierre National Grassland	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lima Pennsylvania Railroad Passenger Depot (also known as the ``Lima Train Station'') is a historic former train station in Lima, Ohio, United States.	Lima Pennsylvania Railroad Passenger Depot	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLVL is an AM radio station serving the Greater Houston, Texas area.	KLVL	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradshaw Mountain High School is a grade 9-12 school located in Prescott Valley, Arizona operated by the Humboldt Unified School District.	Bradshaw Mountain High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srirampur Colony is a major suburb in Mancherial town in the Indian state of Telangana.	Srirampur Colony	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walshausen is a German town in the Zweibrücken-Land municipality, in the Südwestpfalz district in the Rhineland-Palatinate.	Walshausen	Südwestpfalz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cookridge is a suburb of north-west Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Cookridge	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senganam (Tamil: செங்காணம் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Senganam	Pudukkottai district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Cristóvão (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w kɾisˈtɔvɐ̃w), Saint Christopher) is a Brazilian municipality in the Northeastern state of Sergipe.	São Cristóvão	Sergipe
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Romaine River is a river in the Côte-Nord region of the Canadian province of Quebec.	Romaine River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montemaggiore Belsito (Sicilian: Muntimaiuri) is a small town and comune located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southeast of Palermo, Sicily, in the Province of Palermo.	Montemaggiore Belsito	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sypin (ˈsɨpin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sypin	Gmina Piątek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar-e Mishakhvor (Persian: چنارميشاخور‎, also Romanized as Chenār-e Mīshākhvor and Chenār-e Mīshākhor; also known as Mīshākhor) is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chenar-e Mishakhvor	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowan College at Gloucester County (RCGC), formerly known as Gloucester County College (GCC), is an accredited, co-educational, two-year, public community college in Sewell, Gloucester County, New Jersey, established in 1966.	Rowan College at Gloucester County	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	6½ Avenue is a north-south pedestrian passageway in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, running from West 57th to West 51st Streets between Sixth and Seventh Avenues.	6½ Avenue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meitanba Town (simplified Chinese: 煤炭坝镇; traditional Chinese: 煤炭壩鎮; pinyin: Meítànbà Zhèn) is an urban town in Ningxiang County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China.	Meitanba	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albert J. Zabriskie Farmhouse is located at the current address of 7 East Ridgewood Avenue in Paramus, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, just east of New Jersey Route 17.	Albert J. Zabriskie Farmhouse	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Honolulu Rail Transit Project (also known as the Honolulu High-Capacity Transit Corridor Project) is an urban rail rapid transit system under construction in Honolulu County, Oahu, Hawaii.	Honolulu Rail Transit	Honolulu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Decker Towers is an eleven-floor apartment building located at 230 St. Paul Street in Burlington, Vermont.	Decker Towers	Burlington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starr Family Home State Historic Site is a 3.1-acre (1.3 ha) historical site operated by the Texas Historical Commission in downtown Marshall, Texas.	Starr Family Home State Historic Site	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longnan County (Chinese: 龙南县) is a county under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou Municipality, in Jiangxi province.	Longnan County	Ganzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capitol Mall or Capitol Mall Boulevard is a major street and landscaped parkway in the state capital city of Sacramento, California.	Capitol Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harris Dental Museum is a small brick building in the village of Bainbridge in Ross County, Ohio, United States.	Harris Dental Museum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aragonese Castle (Italian: Castello Aragonese) is a medieval castle located in Ischia, at the northern end of the Gulf of Naples, Italy.	Aragonese Castle	Ischia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podpolichno (pɔtpɔˈlixnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Podpolichno	Gmina Chęciny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashanbeh-ye Lak (Persian: كاشنبه لك‎, also Romanized as Kāshanbeh-ye Lak) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kashanbeh-ye Lak	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donald W. Wyatt Detention Facility is a publicly owned, privately operated prison in Rhode Island, opened in 1993 and operated by the non-profit Central Falls Detention Facility Corporation.	Donald W. Wyatt Detention Facility	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beth Sarim (Hebrew בית שרים ``House of the Princes'') is a ten-bedroom mansion in San Diego, California, constructed in 1929 in anticipation of various resurrected Old Testament biblical patriarchs or prophets such as Abraham, Moses, David, Isaiah and Samuel.	Beth Sarim	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gelting is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Gelting	Schleswig-Flensburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunsonby is a civil parish in the Eden District, Cumbria 7 miles (11 km) south east of Penrith.	Hunsonby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katy High School is a high school located in Katy, Texas which serves grades 9 through 12.	Katy High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piłka-Młyn (ˈpiu̯ka ˈmwɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Piłka-Młyn	Gmina Ryczywół
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trebudannon is a hamlet situated one mile south-southwest of St. Columb Major in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trebudannon	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olbrachtówko (ɔlbraxˈtufkɔ) (German: Klein Albrechtau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Olbrachtówko	Gmina Susz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cząbry (ˈt͡ʂɔmbrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Cząbry	Gmina Skąpe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fults Hill Prairie State Natural Area, also known as the Fults Hill Prairie Nature Preserve, is an Illinois Nature Preserve on 997 acres (403 ha) in Monroe County, Illinois, United States.	Fults Hill Prairie State Natural Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estalakh Jan (Persian: اسطلخ جان‎, also Romanized as Esţalakh Jān and Esţalkh Jān) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Estalakh Jan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griffith Peak is located in the Spring Mountains in Clark County of southern Nevada.	Griffith Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Army Soldier Systems Center (SSC) is a military research complex and installation in Natick, Massachusetts charged by the U.S. Department of Defense with the research and development (including fielding and sustainment) of food, clothing, shelters, airdrop systems, and other servicemember support items for the U.S. military.	United States Army Soldier Systems Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Bartków (ˈnɔvɨ ˈbartkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Bartków	Gmina Korczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caldwell University (formerly Caldwell College and originally Caldwell College for Women) is a Catholic liberal arts university in Caldwell, New Jersey, United States.	Caldwell University	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stanhope Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Stanhope, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.	Stanhope Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niemieryczów (ɲɛmjɛˈrɨt͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niemieryczów	Gmina Chotcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Farmstead is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Mexico in Oswego County, New York.	Hamilton Farmstead	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guardian Building is a landmark skyscraper in the United States, located at 500 Griswold Street in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Financial District.	Guardian Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	John D. Dingell Park is located in Ecorse, Michigan along the Detroit River.	John D. Dingell Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cache Creek Wilderness is a 27,245-acre (11,026 ha) wilderness area located in Lake County, California.	Cache Creek Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanne (Limburgish: Kan) is a village in the municipality of Riemst in the southeastern part of the Belgian province of Limburg.	Kanne	Riemst
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karlıova (Kurdish: Kanîreş‎), is a town and district of Bingöl Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Karlıova	Bingöl Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanddew is a small village about 2 km or 1 mile north-east of Brecon, Powys, Wales.	Llanddew	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieświastowice (ɲɛɕfjastɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nieświastowice	Gmina Mieścisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dreahook Creek is a left tributary of Holland Brook in Readington, New Jersey.	Dreahook Creek	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanesville Municipal Airport (IATA: ZZV, ICAO: KZZV, FAA LID: ZZV) is a city owned airport six miles east of downtown Zanesville, in Muskingum County, Ohio.	Zanesville Municipal Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bosoughan is a village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, approximately three miles (5 km) east of Newquay.	Bosoughan	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minoru Park is a park located on the site of a former horse-racing track and airstrip in Richmond, British Columbia.	Minoru Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magteyeber (Persian: مگطع يبر‎, also Romanized as Magţʿeyeber; also known as Maktāyebūr, Makteyebūr, Maktībūr, and Makţī``-e Jabar) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 18 families.	Magteyeber	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadclyst is a village and civil parish in the East Devon local government district.	Broadclyst	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasell Hall, also known as D.A.R. Hall, is a historic home located at Schoharie in Schoharie County, New York which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.	Lasell Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amulree (Scottish Gaelic: Àth Maol Ruibhe, 'Ford of (St.) Maelrubha') is a small hamlet in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Amulree	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedřichovice is a village in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic, about 3 kilometres to the East of Brno, an administrative part of Šlapanice (around 7.000 people).	Bedřichovice	Šlapanice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imam Gazzali School is the Biggest School in Lalpet and Cuddalore district which has over 6000 Students.	Lalpet	Cuddalore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boquet River (or Bouquet River before a 1982 Board on Geographic Names decision) is a small river in upstate New York, USA.	Boquet River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Heiden Airport (IATA: PTH, ICAO: PAPH, FAA LID: PTH) is a state owned, public use airport located six nautical miles (7 mi, 11 km) northeast of the central business district of Port Heiden, in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Port Heiden Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łykowo (wɨˈkɔvɔ) (German: Leikow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łykowo	Gmina Dygowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Hashemiyeh (Persian: شهرك هاشميه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Hāshemīyeh; also known as Hāshemīyeh) is a village in Paskuh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Hashemiyeh	Paskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheung Yiu Folk Museum (Chinese: 上窰民俗文物館) is housed in Sheung Yiu Village, a declared monument of Hong Kong, on Pak Tam Chung Nature Trail, Sai Kung, Hong Kong.	Sheung Yiu Folk Museum	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świące (ˈɕfjɔnt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Świące	Gmina Łowicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The PD Draw is a partially dismantled railroad bridge on the Passaic River between Newark and Kearny in the US state of New Jersey.	PD Draw	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uleh Kari Asalem (Persian: اوله کري اسالم‎, also Romanized as Ūleh Karī Āsālem; also known as Ūlākerī and Ūleh Karīm) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Uleh Kari Asalem	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leysdown-on-Sea is a coastal village on the east side of the Isle of Sheppey in the Borough of Swale in Kent, England.	Leysdown-on-Sea	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Štadión pod Čebraťom is a multi-purpose stadium in Ružomberok, Slovakia.	Štadión pod Čebraťom	Ružomberok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fondachelli-Fantina is a comune (municipality) in the Sicilian Province of Messina.	Fondachelli-Fantina	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borzejewo (bɔʐɛˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Borzejewo	Gmina Dominowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidache (Occitan: Bidaishe; Basque: Bidaxune) is a town and commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department of south western France.	Bidache	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kutuzov Embankment or Kutuzov Quay (Russian: Набережная Кутузова, Naberezhnaya Kutuzova) is a street along the Neva River in Central Saint Petersburg.	Kutuzov Embankment	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUBU (106.3 FM, ``Mix 106'') is a radio station licensed to South Bend, Indiana, USA, and serving the South Bend market.	WUBU	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Joseph Regional High School (known as SJR, St. Joe's or Joe's) is a private, Roman Catholic, college preparatory school for boys, located on a 33-acre (130,000 m2) campus in Montvale, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Saint Joseph Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberconway House, no. 38, South Street, Mayfair, in the City of Westminster, was constructed between 1920 and 1922 for the industrialist Henry McLaren, 2nd Baron Aberconway, in a neo-Georgian style.	Aberconway House	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Churchill Falls Generating Station is a hydroelectric power station located on the Churchill River in Newfoundland and Labrador.	Churchill Falls Generating Station	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulugoli Gol (Persian: سولوگلي گل‎, also Romanized as Sūlūgolī Gol; also known as Soluglu-Tel, Solūklū, Solūklū Gol, Solyuglyu-Tel'', and Sūkalū Gol) is a village in Zarjabad Rural District, Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sulugoli Gol	Zarjabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prescott Estate is a historic residential estate at 770 Centre Street in Newton, Massachusetts.	Prescott Estate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prokocice (prɔkɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Prokocice	Gmina Bejsce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obrocz (ˈɔbrɔt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyniec, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Obrocz	Gmina Zwierzyniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calaveras Dome is a Granite dome in Northern California best known as a rock climbing venue.	Calaveras Dome	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Garma (Persian: دره گرما‎, also Romanized as Darreh Garmā) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darreh Garma	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ida M. Rice House, also known as Haskell House, is a Colonial Revival style building in Colorado Springs, Colorado that was built in 1927.	Ida M. Rice House	Colorado Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duadadeh (Persian: دودده‎, also Romanized as Dūadadeh) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Duadadeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruhmannsfelden is a larger municipality in the district of Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.	Ruhmannsfelden	Regen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aquithie is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, belonging to the parish of Kemnay.	Aquithie	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour de Capigliolo (Corsican: Torra di Capigliolu) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Casaglione (Corse-du-Sud) on the west coast of the French island of Corsica.	Tour de Capigliolo	Casaglione
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarrud Rural District (Persian: دهستان تاررود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Tarrud Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2953 or FM 2953 is a two-lane, state-maintained highway that connects the farming areas of northern Montague County and (indirectly) southern Oklahoma to Nocona, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 2953	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golulan-e Olya (Persian: گلولان عليا‎, also Romanized as Golūlān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 30 families.	Golulan-e Olya	Il Gavark Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Ociecka (ˈvɔla ɔˈt͡ɕet͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów, within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Ociecka	Gmina Ostrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalybeate Springs Hotel, also known as The Chalybeate, is a historic 19th and early-20th century resort hotel located at Bedford Township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania.	Chalybeate Springs Hotel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Hill House and Carriage House, also known as the Decker French Mansion, is an historic property located in Riverdale, Iowa, United States.	East Hill House and Carriage House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehram Rural District (Persian: دهستان دهرم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Dehram District, Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehram Rural District	Dehram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bighead River is a river in Grey County in southern Ontario, Canada, that flows from the Niagara Escarpment between the communities along Ontario Highway 10 of Arnott and Holland Centre in the township of Chatsworth to empty into Nottawasaga Bay, an inlet of Georgian Bay on Lake Huron, at Meaford.	Bighead River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ługi Ujskie (ˈwuɡi ˈui̯skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujście, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ługi Ujskie	Gmina Ujście
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rainier Club is a private club in Seattle, Washington; it has been referred to as ``Seattle's preeminent private club.''	Rainier Club	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horqin District (Mongolian: ᠬᠣᠷᠴᠢᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Qorčin toɣoriɣ; simplified Chinese: 科尔沁区; traditional Chinese: 科爾沁區; pinyin: Kē'ěrqìn Qū) is an administrative district of the prefecture-level city of Tongliao, Inner Mongolia, China, and the seat of government of the prefecture-level city.	Horqin District	Tongliao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Semanín (German: Schirmak) is a village and municipality (obec) in Ústí nad Orlicí District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Semanín	Ústí nad Orlicí District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamsabad-e Arab (Persian: شمس ابادعرب‎, also Romanized as Shamsābād-e ``Arab; also known as Shamsābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 275, in 64 families.	Shamsabad-e Arab	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Papakeechie is a small man-made lake of 179 acres (0.72 km²) located in Kosciusko County, Indiana, United States.	Lake Papakeechie	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The city is located on the Mascouche River within the Les Moulins Regional County Municipality and has a population of 42,491, ranking 30th among Quebec municipalities.	Mascouche	Les Moulins Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hijanan (Persian: هيجانان‎, also Romanized as Hījānān) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hijanan	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst (commonly abbreviated as S.M.A.K., translated as City Museum for Contemporary Art) is a relatively new museum located in Ghent, Belgium, and is renowned both for its permanent collection (Karel Appel, Francis Bacon, Panamarenko, Andy Warhol, etc.) and for its provocative exhibitions.	Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst	Ghent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markhvor (Persian: مارخور‎, also Romanized as Mārkhvor; also known as Mārkhor) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Markhvor	Jalalvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hogshaw is a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England.	Hogshaw	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stoney Creek Falls is a cascade waterfall on the Stoney Creek located where the river descends from the Atherton Tablelands to the Cairns coastal plain, in Queensland, Australia.	Stoney Creek Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington Senior High School was a public high school in Saint Paul, Minnesota.	Arlington Senior High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harry F. Wentz Studio, also known as the Harry F. Wentz Studio-Bungalow and Studio Neah-Kah-Nie, is a historic house located in the Neahkahnie community near Manzanita, Oregon, United States.	Harry F. Wentz Studio	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Ayunabad (Persian: مزرعه عيون اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye ʿAyūnābād) is a village in Bahman Rural District, in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Ayunabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabutarsorkh Rural District (Persian: دهستان كبوترسرخ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kabutarsorkh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karamangalam (Tamil: காரமங்கலம் ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu, India.	Karamangalam	Pudukkottai district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar-e Nadun (Persian: درندون‎, also Romanized as Dar-e Nadūn) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar-e Nadun	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Cengalo (3,369 m) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range of the Alps on the border between the Swiss canton of Graubünden and Italy.	Piz Cengalo	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbor Heights is a residential section of the Village of Mamaroneck in Westchester County, New York.	Harbor Heights	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truthan House is a house near St Erme in Cornwall, England, UK.	Truthan	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westover Air Reserve Base (IATA: CEF, ICAO: KCEF, FAA LID: CEF) is an Air Force Reserve Command (AFRC) installation located in the Massachusetts communities of Chicopee and Ludlow, near the city of Springfield, Massachusetts.	Westover Air Reserve Base	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarrik (Persian: زريك‎, also Romanized as Zarrīk and Zarīk) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zarrik	Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Hunt Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 26 Louise Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	David Hunt Three-Decker	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kahlersberg is a 2,350 metre high mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps (Hagen Mountains) in the Berchtesgaden Alps on the border between Germany (Bavaria) and Austria (Salzburg).	Kahlersberg	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arenjan (Persian: ارنجن‎, also Romanized as Ārenjan; also known as Ārenjīn and Arinjin) is a village in Golab Rural District, Barzok District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Arenjan	Golab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acaster Malbis is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of the City of York, England.	Acaster Malbis	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miroszewo (mirɔˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Miroszewo	Gmina Przechlewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Both are contained in the larger Capital Region of Denmark (), containing most of the urban area of Copenhagen.	Copenhagen	Capital Region of Denmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Castelnou (also called the Château Vicomtal) is a medieval castle in the commune of Castelnou (Catalan: Castellnou dels Aspres) in the French département of Pyrénées-Orientales.	Château de Castelnou	Pyrénées-Orientales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archutówko (arxuˈtufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Archutówko	Gmina Bodzanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport (IATA: SAB, ICAO: TNCS) is an airport on the Dutch Caribbean island of Saba.	Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport	Saba
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Étanche Abbey, Lorraine, is a former Premonstratensian monastery founded in the 12th century, the ruins of which are near the modern village of Deuxnouds-aux-Bois, in the commune of Lamorville, Meuse, France.	L'Étanche Abbey, Lorraine	Lamorville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feshanjerd (Persian: فشانجرد‎, also Romanized as Feshānjerd; also known as Gūrī Feshānjerd) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Feshanjerd	Miyan Jovin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Mahalleh (Persian: ابومحله‎, also Romanized as Abū Maḩalleh) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Abu Mahalleh	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Georgetown Summit Wildlife Management Area at 3,349 acres (13.55 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management areain Bear Lake County near the town of Carey.	Georgetown Summit Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reisach Priory (German: Kloster Reisach) is a monastery of the Discalced Carmelites in Oberaudorf in Bavaria, Germany, in the diocese of Munich and Freising.	Reisach Priory	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buildings 1992 is a public art work by American artist Susan Walsh, located on the northwest side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Buildings 1992	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is located on the left bank of the Anoia river, and at the western end of the Igualada-Martorell-Barcelona railway.	Igualada	Anoia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mackay Estate Water Tower is a historic water tower located at East Hills in Nassau County, New York.	Mackay Estate Water Tower	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان استرآبادشمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Baharan District, Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District	Baharan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katy Park was a baseball park located in Waco, TX and was used by many minor league baseball teams as well as the Baylor Bears for a short time.	Katy Park	Waco
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFMB-FM is a commercial radio station located in San Diego, California, broadcasting on 100.7 FM, broadcasting a Mainstream Rock format.	KFMB-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Retford (also known as East Retford) is a market town in Nottinghamshire in the East Midlands of England, located 31 miles from the city of Nottingham, and 23 miles west of Lincoln, in the district of Bassetlaw.	Retford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buntingsdale Hall is a historic country house in the parish of Sutton upon Tern, to the southwest of Market Drayton in Shropshire, England.	Buntingsdale Hall	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Broadway Historic District in Tupelo, Mississippi, is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.	North Broadway Historic District	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holloman Air Force Base (IATA: HMN, ICAO: KHMN, FAA LID: HMN) is a United States Air Force base located six miles (10 km) southwest of the central business district of Alamogordo, and a census-designated place in Otero County, New Mexico, United States.	Holloman Air Force Base	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Latvian Museum in Rockville, Maryland has as its mission the preservation and communication of Latvian history and culture and the history of Latvians in the United States.	Latvian Museum	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phoenix Union High School was the main high school for Phoenix, Arizona, at 7th Street and Van Buren Avenue.	Phoenix Union High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scillato (Sicilian: Scillatu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Palermo.	Scillato	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budziłowo (bud͡ʑiˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Budziłowo	Gmina Kołaczkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostam-e Do Rural District (Persian: دهستان رستم دو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rostam-e Do Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konopki-Klimki (kɔˈnɔpki ˈklimki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Konopki-Klimki	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obręczna (ɔˈbrɛnt͡ʂna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowie, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Obręczna	Gmina Sadowie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawk Mountain Sanctuary is a wild bird sanctuary in Albany Township and East Brunswick Township, located along the Appalachian flyway in eastern Pennsylvania.	Hawk Mountain Sanctuary	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanteikulia is a small village and panchayat in Angul district, Odisha, India.	Kanteikulia	Angul district	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts at Bard College is a performance hall located in the Hudson Valley hamlet of Annandale-on-Hudson, New York.	Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lexington Transit Center is a one-story public transportation facility with an underground parking garage along Vine Street east of South Limestone in Lexington, Kentucky.	Lexington Transit Center	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zowl Piran (Persian: ذوالپيران‎, also Romanized as Z̄owl Pīrān; also known as Davāl Pīrān) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zowl Piran	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galleh Baghan (Persian: گله باغان‎, also Romanized as Galleh Bāghān) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Galleh Baghan	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canton Country Day School, (commonly referred to as CCDS), is an independent day school in Canton, Ohio.	Canton Country Day School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaziantep Province (Turkish: Gaziantep ili) is a province in south-central Turkey.	Gaziantep Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolong District (simplified Chinese: 卧龙; traditional Chinese: 臥龍; pinyin: Wòlóng) is a District in the center part of Nanyang, in the southwestern Henan province of the People's Republic of China.	Wolong District	Nanyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Founded in 1952, Pinewood Preparatory School is an independent, co-educational, college-preparatory day school located in Summerville, South Carolina.	Pinewood Preparatory School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gâlgău (Hungarian: Galgó) is a commune located in Sălaj County, Romania.	Gâlgău	Sălaj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szaszorowice (ʂaʂɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Szaszorowice	Gmina Niechlów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thankot is a large village lies in the west of Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone in central Nepal.	Thankot	Kathmandu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mezzana Bigli is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 25 km southwest of Pavia in the Lomellina traditional region, near the left bank of the Po River and its confluence with the Agogna.	Mezzana Bigli	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Airport Connector Road, also known as the T. F. Green Airport Connector Road or simply the T. F. Green Airport Connector, is a short, unnumbered highway in the U.S. state of Rhode Island that connects Interstate 95 with T. F. Green Airport.	T. F. Green Airport Connector Road	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Major Gercino is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.	Major Gercino	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elm Coulee Oil Field was discovered in the Williston Basin in Richland County, eastern Montana, in 2000.	Elm Coulee Oil Field	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Leunen is a football stadium in Geel, in the Belgian province of Antwerp.	De Leunen	Geel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garnavik (Persian: گرناويك‎, also Romanized as Garnāvīk and Gernāvīk; also known as Karnāvīk) is a village in Qatur Rural District, Qatur District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Garnavik	Qatur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steenwijkerland ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the province Overijssel, in the eastern Netherlands.	Steenwijkerland	Overijssel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somankidi or Somankidy is a small town and urban commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Somankidi	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szklary Dolne (ˈʂklarɨ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Szklary Dolne	Gmina Chocianów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beth El Jewish Center of Flatbush is a historic synagogue at 1981 Homecrest Ave. in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Beth El Jewish Center of Flatbush	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pharala is a village in the tehsil of Nawanshahr, Nawanshahr district (also known as Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar), in Punjab, India.	Pharala	Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hill of Muchalls is a coastal mountainous landform situated approximately 1.4 kilometres west of the Bridge of Muchalls in Aberdeenshire, Scotland within the Mounth Range of the Grampian Mountains.	Hill of Muchalls	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dal Khani (Persian: دال خاني‎, also Romanized as Dāl Khānī) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dal Khani	Chehel Shahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chengziya is located about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) west of Longshan Town (Chinese: 龙山镇; pinyin: Lóngshān Zhèn) under the administration of Zhangqiu City and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of the provincial capital of Jinan.	Chengziya	Zhangqiu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halkirk (Scottish Gaelic: Hacraig) is a village on the River Thurso in Caithness, in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Halkirk	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strumce is a village in the municipality of Tutin, Serbia.	Strumce	Tutin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redmarley D'Abitot is a civil parish and village in the Forest of Dean district, Gloucestershire, South West England.	Redmarley D'Abitot	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vulture Mine was a gold mine and settlement in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.	Vulture Mine	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Falls is a community on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Ocean Falls	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Shahlu (Persian: محمدشاه لو‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Shāhlū; also known as Moḩammadlū, Moḩammad Şāleḩ, Moḩammad Shālū, and Muhammad Sālih) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Shahlu	Shivanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takht Arreh Do (Persian: تخت‌اره دو‎) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takht Arreh Do	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strathcona Science Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada, located between Edmonton and Sherwood Park, south of the Yellowhead Highway and west of Highway 216.	Strathcona Science Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMUK is a non profit public radio station at 102.1 FM in Kalamazoo, Michigan.	WMUK	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerne Abbey was a Benedictine monastery founded in 987 AD in the town now called Cerne Abbas by Æthelmær the Stout.	Cerne Abbey	Cerne Abbas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museo ItaloAmericano, also known as the Italian American Museum, is a museum in San Francisco, California, the only to focus solely on Italian and Italian-American art and culture in California, there is an Italian American Museum in New York.	Museo ItaloAmericano	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXNU 106.5 FM is a radio station licensed to St. Anne, Illinois, and serving Kankakee County, and Iroquois County in Illinois, and Newton County in Indiana.	WXNU	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaghatayi (Persian: چاغاتایی‎, also Romanized as Chāghātāyī) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chaghatayi	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Espigan (Persian: اسپيگان‎, also Romanized as Espīgān; also known as Esfīkān and Espīkān) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Espigan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sieroszów (ɕeˈrɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sieroszów	Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykhabad-e Zangivand (Persian: شيخ آباد زنگيوند‎‎, also Romanized as Sheykhābād-e Zangīvand; also known as Sheykhābād, Shaikhābād, and Zangīvand) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sheykhabad-e Zangivand	Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhgir-e Sofla (Persian: كوهگيرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūhgīr-e Soflá, Kūgīr-e Soflá, and G`ūgīr-e Soflá) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kuhgir-e Sofla	Kuhgir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karposhtli-ye Olya (Persian: كرپشتلي عليا‎, also Romanized as Karposhtlī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 985, in 253 families.	Karposhtli-ye Olya	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Madama (Italian pronunciation: (paˈlattso maˈdaːma)) in Rome is the seat of the Senate of the Italian Republic.	Palazzo Madama	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoppes at Bel Air, formerly Bel Air Mall , is a super-regional shopping mall, located in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	The Shoppes at Bel Air	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sycamore Shoals State Historic Area is a state park located in Elizabethton, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Sycamore Shoals State Historic Area	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skinner Reservoir, also known as Lake Skinner, is a reservoir in western Riverside County, California, located at the foot of Bachelor Mountain in the Auld Valley, approximately 10 miles (15 km) northeast of Temecula.	Skinner Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manaton is a village situated to the south east of Dartmoor National Park, Devon, England.	Manaton	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Najaf Shahr (Persian: نجف شهر‎; formerly, Najafābād and Nejafābād) is a city in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Najaf Shahr	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neosho County Community College (NCCC) is located in Chanute, Kansas, United States and a secondary campus is located in Ottawa, Kansas.	Neosho County Community College	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moore Catholic High School is a private, Catholic school on Staten Island, New York.	Moore Catholic High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB) (French for Free University of Brussels, though rarely translated, the official name of the University is Université libre de Bruxelles) is a French-speaking private research university in Brussels, Belgium.	Université libre de Bruxelles	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton Waldron is a village and civil parish in north Dorset, England, situated on the A350 road between Iwerne Minster and Fontmell Magna, in the Blackmore Vale under the scarp of Cranborne Chase, 8 miles (13 km) north of Blandford Forum and 5 miles (8.0 km) south of Shaftesbury.	Sutton Waldron	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBAC (1340 AM) is a radio station licensed to Cleveland, Tennessee, USA.	WBAC	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Endless Caverns is a commercial show cave located 3 miles south of New Market, Virginia, USA.	Endless Caverns	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhari Rai Ditta or Dhari-rai-ditta or ``Dheri Rai Ditta'', is a village in Malal Union Council in Fateh Jang Tehsil, Attock District of Punjab province, Pakistan.	Dhari Rai Ditta	Attock District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Sangin (Persian: چشمه سنگين‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sangīn) is a village in Seylatan Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Sangin	Seylatan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located in Brookline, Massachusetts, a suburb of Boston.	Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site	Brookline
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaleh (Persian: شله‎) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shaleh	Zalu Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carcross Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEB7) is adjacent to Carcross, Yukon, Canada on the shore of Grayling Bay on Tagish Lake.	Carcross Water Aerodrome	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dworszowice Kościelne-Kolonia (dvɔrʂɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dworszowice Kościelne-Kolonia	Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nusatupe Airport is an airport near Gizo in the Solomon Islands (IATA: GZO, ICAO: AGGN).	Nusatupe Airport	Gizo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Scott Buckham Memorial Library is a historic library in Faribault, Minnesota, United States.	Thomas Scott Buckham Memorial Library	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zavang-e Sofla (Persian: زاونگ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zāvang-e Soflá; also known as Zāvang-e Pā’īn) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zavang-e Sofla	Firuzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayt's Chapel and Schoolhouse consists of a historic church and a historic school building located at Ithaca in Tompkins County, New York.	Hayt's Chapel and Schoolhouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac d'Artouste is a lake in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France in the region of Aquitaine-Limousin-Poitou-Charentes.	Lac d'Artouste	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashareh-ye Bozorg (Persian: عشاره بزرگ‎, also Romanized as ``Ashāreh-ye Bozorg; also known as ``Ashāreh) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 353, in 58 families.	Ashareh-ye Bozorg	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Como House is a historical house, with associated gardens in the City of Stonnington, Victoria, Australia.	Como House	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duncan Village is a former black township in the Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Duncan Village	Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyaldra Creek is a creek in the Gulgong district of New South Wales, Australia.	Wyaldra Creek	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozhan (village) is a village in Tervel Municipality, Dobrich Province, in northeastern Bulgaria.	Bozhan	Tervel Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gołąb-Kolonia (ˈɡɔwɔmp kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gołąb-Kolonia	Gmina Michów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purandar taluka (Marathi: पुरंदर तालुका), is a taluka in Bhor subdivision of Pune district of state of Maharashtra in India.	Purandar taluka	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Second Church of Christ, Scientist is a historic former Christian Science church building located at 948 West Adams Boulevard, in the West Adams district of Los Angeles, California.	Second Church of Christ, Scientist	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lastingham is a village and civil parish which lies in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England.	Lastingham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pontyberem is a village and community situated in the Gwendraeth Valley halfway between Carmarthen and Llanelli in Carmarthenshire, Wales.	Pontyberem	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Printworks is an urban entertainment venue offering a cinema, clubs and eateries, located on the corner of Withy Grove and Corporation Street in Manchester city centre, England.	The Printworks	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Jadów (ˈnɔvɨ ˈjaduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Jadów	Gmina Jadów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śmielnik (ˈɕmjɛlnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Śmielnik	Gmina Izbica Kujawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Interlakes, also known as the Interlakes District, is a geographic region of the Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located along and around the Interlakes Highway between 100 Mile House on BC Highway 97 and Little Fort on the North Thompson River.	Interlakes	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fleisher Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Oliver Township near Newport in Perry County, Pennsylvania.	Fleisher Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cotmanhay is a village in Derbyshire, England, UK, in the Erewash Borough Council area, north of Ilkeston.	Cotmanhay	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodiak College is a public, two-year satellite campus of the University of Alaska Anchorage, with a student body of approximately 1,000.	Kodiak College	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watchung Mountains (once called the Blue Hills) are a group of three long low ridges of volcanic origin, between 400 and 500 feet (120 and 150 m) high, lying parallel to each other in northern New Jersey in the United States.	Watchung Mountains	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żuków-Kolonia (ˈʐukuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Żuków-Kolonia	Gmina Krzczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northwest Seaport Maritime Heritage Center is a nonprofit organization in Seattle, Washington dedicated to the preservation and interpretation of Puget Sound and Northwest Coast maritime heritage, expressed through educational programs and experiences available to the public.	Northwest Seaport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pascack Valley Hospital (PVH) is a former 291-bed hospital, located at 250 Old Hook Road, Westwood, New Jersey.	Pascack Valley Hospital	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New London School explosion occurred on March 18, 1937, when a natural gas leak caused an explosion, destroying the London School of New London, Texas, a community in Rusk County previously known as ``London''.	New London School explosion	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prey Khpos is a khum (commune) of Bavel District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Prey Khpos	Bavel District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mielesznica (mjɛlɛʂˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Mielesznica	Gmina Cybinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrabness is a small village, near Manningtree, Essex.	Wrabness	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dewartown is a small hamlet in Midlothian, Scotland, UK, near Pathhead and Mayfield.	Dewartown	Midlothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topilec-Kolonia (tɔˈpilɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Topilec-Kolonia	Gmina Turośń Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dry Falls Dam is a rockfaced earthfill-type dam in the U.S. state of Washington.	Dry Falls Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patole is a Village and a in Sinnar taluka of Nashik district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Patole	Nashik district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Dunlap Observatory (DDO) is a large astronomical observatory site just north of Toronto in Richmond Hill, Ontario, housed on a 189-acre (76 ha) estate.	David Dunlap Observatory	Richmond Hill
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kielchinów (kʲɛlˈxʲinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kielchinów	Gmina Bełchatów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumatar (Persian: تومتر‎, also Romanized as Tūmatar) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tumatar	Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrow Rock State Historic Site is an open-air museum encompassing a geographic formation and a portion of the village of Arrow Rock, Missouri.	Arrow Rock State Historic Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Julia C. Lathrop Homes is a Chicago Housing Authority (CHA) public housing project located in the North Center neighborhood on the north side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Julia C. Lathrop Homes	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Santiago de Santa Ana was a 63,414-acre (256.63 km2) Spanish land concession in present-day Orange County, California, given by Spanish Alta California Governor José Joaquín de Arrillaga in 1810 to Jose Antonio Yorba and his nephew Pablo Peralta.	Rancho Santiago de Santa Ana	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edmonston House is located on NY 94 in the Vails Gate section of the Town of New Windsor in Orange County, New York.	Edmonston House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy-Zbroszki (ˈbudɨ ˈzbrɔʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy-Zbroszki	Gmina Winnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Drayton is a suburban town in the London Borough of Hillingdon, England.	West Drayton	London Borough of Hillingdon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mortemer Abbey (L'Abbaye de Mortemer) is a former Cistercian monastery in the Forest of Lyons between the present Lyons-la-Forêt and Lisors, some 34 km (21 mi) southeast of Rouen in the department of Eure.	Mortemer Abbey	Lisors
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oadby and Wigston is a local government district and borough in the English county of Leicestershire.	Oadby and Wigston	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highlands Hammock State Park is a 9,000-acre (3,640 ha) park 4 miles (6 km) west of Sebring in Highlands County, Florida, off U.S. 27.	Highlands Hammock State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mablethorpe is a small seaside town in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	Mablethorpe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maravankudieruppu is a village in the jurisdiction of Nagercoil Municipality, located three kilo metres (2 miles) south of Nagercoil, the capital of Kanyakumari district in the state of Tamil Nadu in India.	Maravankudieruppu	Kanyakumari district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourg-de-Thizy is a former commune of the Rhône department in Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.	Bourg-de-Thizy	Rhône
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMZN (740 AM) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve the community of Oskaloosa, Iowa.	KMZN	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queens High School of Teaching, Liberal Arts and the Sciences (QHST) (26Q566) is a public high school in Glen Oaks, New York located on the Frank A. Padavan Campus, a sprawling 32-acre (130,000 m2) landscaped campus, which contains QHST and two other neighboring 'kindergarten-8th' grade schools:	Queens High School of Teaching	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huff's Store is a general store in Burwood, Tennessee.	Huff's Store	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaworowo-Jastrzębie (javɔˈrɔvɔ jasˈtʂɛmbjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaworowo-Jastrzębie	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ölmstad is a locality situated in Jönköping Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 296 inhabitants in 2010.	Ölmstad	Jönköping Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavkushnagar, formerly known as Laundi (Hindi:लौंड़ी), is a town/city/tehshil and a nagar panchayat in Chhatarpur district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Lavkushnagar	Chhatarpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Christopher Center for Library and Information Resources is the newly constructed library on the campus of Valparaiso University in Valparaiso, Indiana.	Christopher Center	Valparaiso	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarn Meyllteyrn is a village and former civil parish (Known at the time as Mellteyrn) located to the West of the Llŷn Peninsula (Welsh: Penrhyn Llŷn) in the Welsh county of Gwynedd.	Sarn Meyllteyrn	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rodovia Presidente Dutra, (BR-116 -- or SP-060 in the state of São Paulo), colloquially known as Via Dutra is a federal highway which runs through the eastern part of the state of São Paulo and southwestern region of the state of Rio de Janeiro.	Rodovia Presidente Dutra	São Paulo	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novo Hamburgo (Portuguese for New Hamburg) (Neues Hamburg in German) is a municipality in the southernmost Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul, located in the Metropolitan area of Porto Alegre, the State Capital.	Novo Hamburgo	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeal Monachorum (Latin translation Cell of the Monks) is a village and civil parish in the Mid Devon district of Devon, England, about 18 miles (29 km) north-west of Exeter, situated on the River Yeo.	Zeal Monachorum	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinghu District (Chinese: 鼎湖; pinyin: Dǐnghú; Jyutping: ding2wu4) is a district of Zhaoqing, Guangdong province, People's Republic of China.	Dinghu District	Zhaoqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donghuishe (simplified Chinese: 东回舍; traditional Chinese: 東回舍; pinyin: Dōnghuíshè) is a town of Pingshan County in the eastern foothills of the Taihang Mountains in southwestern Hebei province, China, located 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of the county seat.	Donghuishe	Pingshan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wuhu (simplified Chinese: 芜湖; traditional Chinese: 蕪湖; pinyin: Wúhú; literally ``Weedy Lake'') is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Anhui province, China.	Wuhu	Anhui
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homan-Gerard House and Mills is a historic home and mill complex located at Yaphank in Suffolk County, New York.	Homan-Gerard House and Mills	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Milk Pail Restaurant, formerly known as the Country Tea Room, is a historic restaurant (tearoom) in unincorporated Dundee Township, Kane County, Illinois, United States.	Milk Pail Restaurant	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saltoun Hall is an historic house standing in extensive lands off the B6355, Pencaitland to East Saltoun road, about 1.5 miles from each village, in East Lothian, Scotland.	Saltoun Hall	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moydow (Irish: Maigh Dumha, meaning ``the plain of the burial mound'') is a village on the outskirts of Longford Town in County Longford, Ireland.	Moydow	County Longford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierekał (pjɛˈrɛkau̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Pierekał	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	345 California Center is a 48-story office tower in the financial district of San Francisco, California.	345 California Center	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabaszowa City (tabaˈʂɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Tabaszowa	Gmina Łososina Dolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graves Mill, also known as Jones Mill and Beech Grove Mill, is a historic grist mill complex located near Wolftown, Madison County, Virginia.	Graves Mill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bibbona is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of Florence and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southeast of Livorno in the Val di Cecina.	Bibbona	Province of Livorno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balajuk (Persian: بلجوك‎, also Romanized as Balajūk) is a village in Qatur Rural District, Qatur District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Balajuk	Qatur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oronto Bay is an arm of Lake Superior between Marble Point in Iron County, Wisconsin and Little Girls Point in Gogebic County, Michigan and includes part of the Bad River Reservation.	Oronto Bay	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colby Village Elementary School (CVES), It is located at 92 Colby Drive, Cole Harbour, Nova Scotia in the subdivision of Colby Village , and was first constructed in 1975.	Colby Village Elementary School	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pavići (Serbian Cyrillic: Павићи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pavići	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKVH-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a Country music format at 93.5 FM in High Prairie, Alberta.	CKVH-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orciano Pisano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southwest of Florence and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of Pisa, in the Pisan Hills.	Orciano Pisano	Province of Pisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzeczkowo-Szepielaki (kʂɛt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ʂɛpjɛˈlaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krzeczkowo-Szepielaki	Gmina Czyżew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverview Psychiatric Center, also known as Riverview Psychiatric Recovery Center, formerly the Augusta Mental Health Institute, or AMHI, is a psychiatric hospital in Augusta, Maine, operated by the Maine Department of Health and Human Services.	Riverview Psychiatric Center	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar-e Fizguiyeh (Persian: درفيزگوئيه‎, also Romanized as Dar-e Fīzgū’īyeh) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar-e Fizguiyeh	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavar County (Persian: شهرستان کوار‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Kavar County	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delphi Falls, New York is a hamlet in the town of Pompey, Onondaga County, New York.	Delphi Falls, New York	Onondaga County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharki is a village of Himachal Pradesh, under Tehsil Kotkhai, Shimla district, India.	Kharki	Himachal Pradesh	Shimla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyk (vɨk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wyk	Gmina Zbójna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skyrail Rainforest Cableway is a 7.5 kilometre scenic cableway running above the Barron Gorge National Park in the Wet Tropics of Queensland's World Heritage Area north of Cairns which has won more than 25 awards.	Skyrail Rainforest Cableway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elyria Catholic High School is a private Catholic high school located in Elyria, Ohio, 20 miles west of Cleveland.	Elyria Catholic High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yusef Mahalleh (Persian: يوسف محله‎, also Romanized as Yūsef Maḩalleh) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Yusef Mahalleh	Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewenborg is a green suburb in the east of the city of Groningen in the Netherlands.	Lewenborg	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barker Field was one of several airfields in the Downsview area of Toronto, Ontario.	Barker Field	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oosterheem is one of the districts (wijken) of Zoetermeer.	Oosterheem	Zoetermeer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salão is a civil parish in the municipality of Horta on the island of Faial, the Portuguese Azores.	Salão	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bo'ness railway station is a tourist railway station in Bo'ness, Falkirk, Scotland.	Bo'ness railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bosco Marengo (Italian pronunciation: (ˈbosko maˈreŋɡo)) (Piedmontese: Ël Bòsch) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Turin and about 12 kilometres (7 mi) southeast of Alessandria.	Bosco Marengo	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baqer Owghli (Persian: باقراوغلي‎, also Romanized as Bāqer Owghlī; also known as Bāqer Owghlū) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baqer Owghli	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massa e Cozzile is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pistoia in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northwest of Florence and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Pistoia, in the central part of the Valdinievole.	Massa e Cozzile	Province of Pistoia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Germanton Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic Methodist church and cemetery located on Main Street at the junction of Main Street and Willow Street in Germanton, Stokes County, North Carolina.	Germanton Methodist Church and Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Pa Pao (Thai: สันป่าเปา) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Sai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	San Pa Pao	San Sai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Col. William M. and Nancy Ralston Bond House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County, New York.	Col. William M. and Nancy Ralston Bond House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1982 World's Fair, formally known as the Knoxville International Energy Exposition, was held in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.	1982 World's Fair	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stobo Castle is located at Stobo in the Scottish Borders, in the former county of Peeblesshire.	Stobo Castle	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kościołków (kɔɕˈt͡ɕɔu̯kuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kościołków	Gmina Zagórów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Shahab (Persian: نهرشهاب‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Shahāb; also known as Shahāb) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Shahab	Buzi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atantano Shrine is a historic commemorative marker near Piti, Guam.	Atantano Shrine	Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Busturialdea, also named Busturialde - Urdaibai is a comarca of the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain.	Busturialdea	Biscay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pismire Island is a small island in Lake Michigan of approximately 2.5 acres (1.0 ha) in size.	Pismire Island	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Çelebi Sultan Mehmed Mosque (Turkish: Çelebi Sultan Mehmed Camii; Greek: Τέμενος Μεχμέτ Α'), also known as the Bayezid Mosque (Τέμενος Βαγιαζήτ), is an early 15th-century Ottoman mosque in Didymoteicho, East Macedonia and Thrace, in the far northeast of Greece.	Çelebi Sultan Mehmed Mosque	Didymoteicho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oosterbierum (West Frisian: Easterbierrum) is a village in Franekeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Oosterbierum	Franekeradeel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frelinghuysen Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through sixth grade from Frelinghuysen Township, Warren County, New Jersey, United States.	Frelinghuysen Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orebodies 18, 23 and 25 mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, 8 kilometres east of Newman.	Orebodies 18, 23 and 25 mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glebe House of St. Anne's Parish is a historic Episcopal glebe house located near Champlain, Essex County, Virginia.	Glebe House of St. Anne's Parish	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gov. Benjamin T. Biggs Farm is a historic home and farm located near Middletown, New Castle County, Delaware.	Gov. Benjamin T. Biggs Farm	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yitimu (Persian: يتيمو‎, also Romanized as Yītīmū) is a village in Khorrami Rural District, in the Central District of Khorrambid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Yitimu	Khorrami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiedrowice (kʲɛdrɔˈvit͡sɛ) (Kashubian: Kiédréce-Czedrzëjce) is a village in Gmina Lipnica, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kiedrowice	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stirches is an area of Hawick in the Scottish Borders, mostly consisting of ex-council housing built in 1973.	Stirches	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lisco State Aid Bridge is located on a county road over the North Platte River south of Lisco, Nebraska.	Lisco State Aid Bridge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodman Brothers and Hinlein Company is a historic factory building located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Goodman Brothers and Hinlein Company	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sauta Cave National Wildlife Refuge is a 264-acre (107 ha) National Wildlife Refuge located in northeastern Alabama, near the Sauty Creek embayment of Guntersville Lake.	Sauta Cave National Wildlife Refuge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Różaniecka (ˈxuta ruʐaˈɲet͡ska) (Ukrainian: Гута Рожанецька, Huta Rozhanets’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Huta Różaniecka	Gmina Narol
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gregorio di Catania (Sicilian: San Grigoriu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 7 kilometres (4 mi) northeast of Catania.	San Gregorio di Catania	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłosy (ˈkwɔsɨ) (German: Klößen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kłosy	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Zahid (Persian: چاه زهيد‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Zahīd and Chāhzahīd) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Zahid	Qaleh Ganj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newman Arena is a 4,473-seat multi-purpose arena at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, located in Bartels Hall, which is adjacent to Lynah Rink.	Newman Arena	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lajes do Pico (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈlaʒɨʒ ðu ˈpiku)) is a municipality in the southern part of the Azores.	Lajes do Pico	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swann Memorial Fountain (also known as the Fountain of the Three Rivers) is a fountain sculpture located in the center of Logan Circle in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	Swann Memorial Fountain	Philadelphia	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	1166 Avenue of the Americas (also known as the International Paper Building) is a 600 feet (180 m) tall skyscraper located at 1166 Sixth Avenue in Manhattan, New York City.	1166 Avenue of the Americas	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Semiahmoo Indian Reserve (/ˌsɛmiˈɑːmuː/ SEM-ee-AH-moo) is an Indian Reserve in the Lower Mainland, British Columbia, located on Semiahmoo Bay between the City of White Rock and Peace Arch Park, which sits astride the international boundary with Washington state.	Semiahmoo Indian Reserve	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goldfield Historic District is a historic district located in the center of Goldfield, Esmeralda County, Nevada.	Goldfield Historic District	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saliyeh (Persian: صليعه‎, also Romanized as Şalīyʿeh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Saliyeh	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padagi-ye Bala (Persian: پدگی بالا ‎) is a village in Hormak Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Padagi-ye Bala	Hormak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rippweiler is a small town in the commune of Useldange, in western Luxembourg.	Rippweiler	Useldange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Lafourche High School (CLHS) is a public high school serving students in grades 9 through 12 in Mathews, Louisiana, USA about 45 miles southwest of New Orleans.	Central Lafourche High School	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vander Veer Botanical Park is a 33-acre (130,000 m2) botanical garden in the Vander Veer Park Historic District of Davenport, Iowa.	Vander Veer Botanical Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Jeri (Persian: آقاجري‎, also Romanized as Āqā Jerī and Āqā Jarī; also known as Aghajan, Āgha Jāri, and Āghājerī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Aqa Jeri	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorpark College is a California state liberal arts college with a 150-acre (61 ha) campus on a hillside in Moorpark, in Ventura County, California.	Moorpark College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lago del Sambuco is a reservoir above Fusio, in the municipality of Lavizzara, Ticino, Switzerland.	Lago del Sambuco	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorgab-e Olya (Persian: گرگاب عليا‎, also Romanized as Gorgāb-e ``Olyā; also known as Gorgāb) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Gorgab-e Olya	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Emirzadeh (Persian: تلمبه اميرزاده‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Emīrzādeh) is a village in Ayask Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Emirzadeh	Ayask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossgates Mall is a shopping mall located in the Albany suburb of Albany, New York.	Crossgates Mall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majki-Tykiewki (ˈmai̯ki tɨˈkʲɛfki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Majki-Tykiewki	Gmina Sypniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crum Elbow Meeting House and Cemetery is a historic Society of Friends meeting house and cemetery in East Park, Dutchess County, New York.	Crum Elbow Meeting House and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site preserves the Springwood estate in Hyde Park, New York.	Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellevue Public Schools operates 14 elementary schools (K-6--some schools also offer prekindergarten programs), three middle schools (7--8), and two high schools (9--12) in Bellevue in the U.S. state of Nebraska.	Bellevue Public Schools	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Soledad is a prominent landmark in the city of San Diego, California, United States.	Mount Soledad	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château d'Augerville is a historic château, situated in the commune of Augerville-la-Rivière, Loiret, France.	Château d'Augerville	Augerville-la-Rivière
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changal Dasht (Persian: چنگال دشت‎, also Romanized as Changāl Dasht; also known as Changāl Vash) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Changal Dasht	Dastjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dundas Central Public School is a primary school located in Dundas, Ontario.	Dundas Central Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durjanwas is a village of Salempura Gram Panchayat, and is located in Lalsot Tehsil in Dausa District, Rajasthan State, India.	Durjanwas	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porbady (pɔrˈbadɨ) (German: Neu Schöneberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Porbady	Gmina Jonkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erratic Rock State Natural Site is a state park in the Willamette Valley of Oregon, United States.	Erratic Rock State Natural Site	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Tavakkoli (Persian: حسن ابادتوكلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Tavakkolī; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād-e Tavakkol) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Tavakkoli	Lay Siyah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mijdrecht is a town in the municipality of De Ronde Venen, in the Netherlands.	Mijdrecht	De Ronde Venen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lane's Island is an island which is part of the town of Vinalhaven in Knox County, Maine.	Lane's Island	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Time Warner Cable Amphitheater at Tower City (formerly Tower City Amphitheater) was an outdoor concert venue and part of the mixed-use Tower City Center development in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.	Time Warner Cable Amphitheater	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vashnam-e Kheyr Mohammad (Persian: وشنام خير محمد‎, also Romanized as Vashnām-e Kheyr Moḩammad; also known as Kheyrmoḩammad) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Vashnam-e Kheyr Mohammad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonora Peak is a mountain located in the Central Sierra Nevada mountains of California north of Sonora Pass.	Sonora Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laleh Bejan (Persian: لاله بجان‎, also Romanized as Lāleh Bejān) is a village in Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Laleh Bejan	Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noh Tan (Persian: نه تن‎) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Noh Tan	Efzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganges Water Aerodrome, (IATA: YGG, TC LID: CAX6), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) southeast of Ganges on Saltspring Island in British Columbia, Canada.	Ganges Water Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gach Boland (Persian: گچ بلند‎) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gach Boland	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atchison County Courthouse, located at the southwest corner of 5th and Parallel Streets in Atchison, is the seat of government of Atchison County, Kansas.	Atchison County Courthouse	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doslidnytske (Ukrainian: Дослідницьке) is an urban-type settlement in Vasylkiv Raion (district) of Kiev Oblast (region) in northern Ukraine.	Doslidnytske	Vasylkiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dydiowa (dɨˈdjɔva) (Ukrainian: Дидьова, Dydiova) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, on the border with Ukraine.	Dydiowa	Gmina Lutowiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludgate Hill is a hill in the City of London, near the old Ludgate, a gate to the City that was taken down, with its attached gaol, in 1780.	Ludgate Hill	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Chrusty (ˈstarɛ ˈxrustɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stare Chrusty	Gmina Rokiciny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forest of Nisene Marks State Park is a state park of California, USA, protecting a tract of secondary forest in the Santa Cruz Mountains.	The Forest of Nisene Marks State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serrabone Priory (French: Prieuré de Serrabone; Catalan: Santa Maria de Serrabona) is a former monastery of Canons Regular in the commune of Boule-d'Amont, in Pyrénées-Orientales.	Serrabone Priory	Boule-d'Amont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dow Crag is a fell in the English Lake District near Coniston, Cumbria.	Dow Crag	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qamchabad (Persian: قمچ اباد‎, also Romanized as Qamchābād; also known as Kamuchabad, Karichivar, Qomīshābād, Qomshāhābād, and Qumshāhābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qamchabad	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spanish Bonk is a volcanic plug located in the Quesnel Highland of the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field in southeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Spanish Bonk	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cala en Bosch, also Cala'n Bosch or Cala en Bosc, is a beach, marina, hotel, and apartment resort on the southwest coast of Minorca, Balearic Islands, Spain, about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) south of Ciutadella de Menorca.	Cala en Bosch	Ciutadella de Menorca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashfield, Pennsylvania is an unincorporated community in East Penn Township, Carbon County located south of Lehighton and west of Bowmanstown on Route 895 at the northern foot of Blue Mountain.	Ashfield, Pennsylvania	Carbon County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smoking Hills are located on the east coast of Cape Bathurst in Canada's Northwest Territories, next to the Arctic Ocean and a small group of lakes.	Smoking Hills	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borovichi (Russian: Боровичи́) is the second largest town in Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the Msta River in the northern spurs of the Valdai Hills, 194 kilometers (121 mi) east of Veliky Novgorod, the administrative center of the oblast.	Borovichi	Novgorod Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dokis 9 is a First Nations reserve and community in the Canadian province of Ontario, assigned to the Dokis First Nation.	Dokis First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cobb Center Mall (originally Cobb County Shopping Center) was a shopping mall in Smyrna, Georgia, United States.	Cobb Center	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadeh Olum (Persian: داده الوم‎, also Romanized as Dādeh Olūm; also known as Dādeh Deh and Dadeh) is a village in Kerend Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Dadeh Olum	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	DU Stadium (sometimes referred to as Hilltop Stadium) was a stadium in Denver, Colorado.	DU Stadium	Denver
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lard Khazan (Persian: لردخزان‎, also Romanized as Lard Khazān) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lard Khazan	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1840s Carrollton Inn and Plaza, located in Baltimore, Maryland consists of two historic buildings and their complementary 1980 additions built to resemble the previous federal style buildings.	1840s Carrollton Inn	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park is located in the Central Highlands area of Tasmania (Australia), 165 km northwest of Hobart.	Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robinson Newspapers is a group of community weekly newspapers that served several neighborhoods and towns in King County, Washington.	Robinson Newspapers	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCZZ (1480 AM) is a Spanish language radio station licensed to Mission, Kansas and serving the Kansas City market.	KCZZ	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yellowmead stone circle near Sheepstor in Devon, England, is a Bronze Age concentric stone circle consisting of four rings of stones set within one another.	Yellowmead stone circle	Sheepstor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abza-ye Kalat Tayebi (Persian: ابزا كلات طيبي‎, also Romanized as Ābzā-ye Kalāt Ţayebī; also known as Ābzā) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Abza-ye Kalat Tayebi	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dettah or Detah is a First Nations community in the North Slave Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Dettah	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Don Rhodes Mining and Transport Museum is a public park in Port Hedland, Western Australia, with an open air display of retired mining machinery and railway rollingstock.	Don Rhodes Mining and Transport Museum	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Pass Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County, California, 66 km (41 mi) northeast of Tecopa.	Red Pass Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Savonia (Finnish: Etelä-Savo; Swedish: Södra Savolax) is a region in the south-east of Finland.	Southern Savonia	Finland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kesići (Cyrillic: Кесићи) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kesići	Bosansko Grahovo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keele Peak, in Canada's Yukon Territory, is the highest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains at 2,972 metres (9,751 ft).	Keele Peak	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavers Hill is a town in Victoria, Australia, located 48 kilometres (30 mi) inland from Port Campbell and 48 kilometres (30 mi) from Apollo Bay.	Lavers Hill	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Megen, Haren en Macharen existed from 1821 to 1994, when it became part of Oss.	Megen, Haren en Macharen	Oss
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiangxiang (simplified Chinese: 湘乡; traditional Chinese: 湘鄉; pinyin: Xiāngxiāng) is a county-level city under the administration of Xiangtan, Hunan province, China.	Xiangxiang	Xiangtan
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Louis College of Pharmacy (STLCOP) is a private and independent nonsectarian professional university in St. Louis, Missouri.	St. Louis College of Pharmacy	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asleh Marz (Persian: اسله مرز‎, also Romanized as Āsleh Marz; also known as Ālmīrza, Aslamarz, Aşlāmarz, Aslammars, Aslemarz, and Eslamarz) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Asleh Marz	Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossley, based in Manchester, United Kingdom, was a pioneering company in the production of internal combustion engines.	Crossley	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Oregon (also referred to as UO or Oregon) is a public flagship research university located in Eugene, Oregon.	University of Oregon	Eugene
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundesgymnasium und Bundesrealgymnasium Bludenz (or simply: BG und BRG Bludenz) is an academic high school, located in Bludenz in Austria in its westernmost federal state Vorarlberg.	Bundesgymnasium und Bundesrealgymnasium Bludenz	Vorarlberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mayworth School, also known as Cramerton School, is a historic school complex located at 236 Eighth Ave. in Cramerton, Gaston County, North Carolina.	Mayworth School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sturehov Manor (Swedish: Sturehovs slott; sometimes Sturehof) is a manor house in Botkyrka Municipality, a suburb of Stockholm, Sweden.	Sturehov Manor	Botkyrka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. John the Baptist Ukrainian Catholic Church is a Ukrainian Catholic parish in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania under the authority of the Eparchy of St. Josaphat in Parma, Ohio.	St. John the Baptist Ukrainian Catholic Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uścięcice (uɕt͡ɕɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Uścięcice	Gmina Opalenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siomki (ˈɕɔmki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Siomki	Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paolo Soleri Amphitheater is an amphitheater in Santa Fe, New Mexico, which was constructed in 1970 and closed in 2010.	Paolo Soleri Amphitheater	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Explorations Academy is an independent school in Bellingham, Washington, USA that integrates experiential education with academic studies.	Explorations Academy	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takmaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان تكمران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Takmaran Rural District	Sarhad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stebbins Hall is a student housing cooperative owned by the Berkeley Student Cooperative (BSC) and located at 2527 Ridge Road in Berkeley, California, on the north side of the University of California, Berkeley campus.	Stebbins Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drumuillie (Scottish Gaelic: Druim Mùillidh) is a small hamlet, which lies 1 mile north of Boat of Garten and 10 miles northeast of Aviemore in Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Drumuillie	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kondideh (Persian: كونديده‎, also Romanized as Kondīdeh; also known as Kan Dīdeh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kondideh	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cintas Center is a 10,250 seat multi-purpose arena and conference center at Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Cintas Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Courage is a summer camp for children and adults with disabilities located in Maple Lake, Minnesota.	Camp Courage	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Rudbar (Persian: پارودبار‎, also Romanized as Pā Rūdbār; also known as Parūdār) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District, Amarlu District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pa Rudbar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy-Szpinek (ˈbudɨ ˈʂpinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Budy-Szpinek	Gmina Fałków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shackerstone railway station is a preserved railway station and heritage museum in Leicestershire, Central England.	Shackerstone railway station	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Arch Bridge, also called the ``Cabin John Bridge'', is a historic masonry structure in Cabin John, Maryland.	Union Arch Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilmore College, formerly known as Kwinana Senior High School, is a public co-educational high school in Western Australia.	Gilmore College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Preore (German: Porfür or Prauer) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Trento.	Preore	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Eric Jackman Institute of Child Study (ICS) is a research institute and laboratory school of the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education at the University of Toronto.	Institute of Child Study	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chipping Warden is a village in Northamptonshire, England about 6 miles (10 km) northeast of the Oxfordshire town of Banbury.	Chipping Warden	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itzehoe station is a railway station in the town of Itzehoe in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Itzehoe station	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academia Pomeroy Covered Bridge at 278-foot-long (85 m) (portal to portal) is the longest remaining covered bridge in Pennsylvania.	Academia Pomeroy Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasha Kalayeh (Persian: هاشاكلايه‎, also Romanized as Ḩāshā Kalāyeh) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Hasha Kalayeh	Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aratlakatta is a village in Karapa mandal, located in East Godavari district Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Aratlakatta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Kooshe (Persian: پس کوشه ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pas Kooshe	Tamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Par-e Nobar (Persian: پرنبار‎, also Romanized as Par-e Nobār; also known as Par-e Bonār) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Par-e Nobar	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTSC-FM (91.1 FM, ``The Source'') is a non-commercial campus radio station licensed to serve the greater Potsdam, New York area.	WTSC-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Elitch Theatre is located at the original Elitch Gardens site in northwest Denver, Colorado.	Elitch Theatre	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killester College is a Roman Catholic girls secondary college in Springvale, Victoria, Australia.	Killester College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	BGSU Firelands is located near the shores of Lake Erie in Huron, Ohio, about 60 miles (97 km) east of Bowling Green, Ohio.	BGSU Firelands	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Penobscot River Bridge was a truss bridge between Bangor and Brewer, Maine.	Penobscot River Bridge	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac La Ronge Provincial Park is located in the boreal forest of north central Saskatchewan within the Canadian Shield.	Lac La Ronge Provincial Park	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zubrzyca Górna (zuˈbʐɨt͡sa ˈɡurna), (Slovak: Vyšná Zubrica, Hungarian: Felsőzubrica) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Zubrzyca Górna	Gmina Jabłonka
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJCL-FM (96.5 FM), known as ``Kix 96'', is a radio station in Savannah, Georgia featuring country music.	WJCL-FM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pithole Stone Arch Bridge is a 37-foot (11 m) masonry, deck arch bridge that spans Pithole Creek between Cornplanter and President Townships, Venango County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Pithole Stone Arch Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Selkirk Recreation Complex is an indoor ice hockey, figure skating arena and community centre located in Selkirk, Manitoba.	Selkirk Recreation Complex	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muscoot Reservoir is a reservoir in northern Westchester County, New York located directly north of the village of Katonah.	Muscoot Reservoir	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mackay Street (French: Rue Mackay) is a street located in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Mackay Street	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piwnice Wielkie (pivˈnit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Gross Piwnitz, 1938-45: Grossalbrechtsort) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Piwnice Wielkie	Gmina Wielbark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhleh (Persian: باخله‎, also Romanized as Bākhleh) is a village in Bilavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bakhleh	Bilavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concord Pavilion (formerly known as Sleep Train Pavilion and Chronicle Pavilion) is an amphitheatre located in Concord, California.	Concord Pavilion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The octagon room and its service wing are listed Grade I by Historic England and, together, with a converted stable block, are now the Orleans House Gallery, a gallery of art relating to the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames and neighbouring areas of London.	Orleans House	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Appleton Farm is a historic farmstead on Hancock Road in Dublin, New Hampshire.	Appleton Farm	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słonino (swɔˈninɔ) (formerly German Schlennin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Słonino	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVFG (103.1 FM) is a commercial radio station in Victorville, California, broadcasting to the Victor Valley, California, area.	KVFG	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	HCC Coleman College for Health Sciences is a community college based in Houston, Texas which is focused on health sciences.	Coleman College for Health Sciences	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockview Dam is a zoned earth-fill/rock-fill type dam located on the Palmiet River near Grabouw, Western Cape, South Africa.	Rockview Dam	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	The town lies within the local district of South Somerset and the Yeovil parliamentary constituency, situated at the southern boundary of Somerset, 130 miles (210 km) from London, 40 miles (64 km) south of Bristol and 30 miles (48 km) from Taunton.	Yeovil	South Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davydivka (Ukrainian: Давидівка; Romanian: Davideni) is a commune in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Davydivka	Storozhynets Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lulong County (simplified Chinese: 卢龙县; traditional Chinese: 盧龍縣; pinyin: Lúlóng Xiàn), formerly Yongping (永平), is a county of Qinhuangdao City, in northeastern Hebei Province, China.	Lulong County	Qinhuangdao
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tammany Trace is a rail trail in Louisiana occupying a former Illinois Central Railroad corridor.	Tammany Trace	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castleblayney (/ˌkæ.səl.ˈbleɪ.niː/; Irish: Baile na Lorgan, formerly Caisleán Mathghamhna, also spelled Castleblaney) is a town in County Monaghan, Ireland.	Castleblayney	County Monaghan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Jaffrey Historic District is a historic district running roughly along NH Route 124 (Main Street) through Jaffrey, New Hampshire.	East Jaffrey Historic District	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudziszki (ruˈd͡ʑiʂki) (German: Raudischken, from 1938-45 Raudingen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Rudziszki	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Elijo State Beach is a California State Beach in San Diego County, California, USA,	San Elijo State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowzdar-e Sofla (Persian: لوزدرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Lowzdar-e Soflá and Lūzdar-e Soflá; also known as Lourzdar-e Soflá, Lowzdar-e Pā’īn, and Lūzdar) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Lowzdar-e Sofla	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houses at 364 and 390 Van Duzer Street are two historic homes located at Stapleton, Staten Island, New York.	364 and 390 Van Duzer Street	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warthill is a village and civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England, six miles north-east of York and 14 miles south-west of Malton.	Warthill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Leigh (formerly Leigh-juxta-Bartington) is a civil parish and village within the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Little Leigh	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palczew (ˈpalt͡ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Palczew	Gmina Warka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puerto Navarino belongs to Cabo de Hornos commune and is connected to Puerto Williams by a gravel road.	Puerto Navarino	Cabo de Hornos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rissne is a neighborhood in the western part of Sundbyberg Municipality, Stockholm, Sweden.	Rissne	Sundbyberg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bird and Fish is a public art work by artist Gustav Bohland, located on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Bird and Fish	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the capital of the Carlos Arvelo Municipality and of the Güigüe parish.	Güigüe	Carlos Arvelo Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umpqua Bank Plaza is a 19-story tall office tower in Downtown Portland, Oregon, United States.	Umpqua Bank Plaza	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Hunterdon Regional High School is a regional public high school serving students in seventh though twelfth grades from three communities in southern Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States, as part of the South Hunterdon Regional School District.	South Hunterdon Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bimorz (Persian: بيمرز‎, also Romanized as Bīmorz and Bīmarz; also known as Kalāteh Bīmūrz) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bimorz	Naharjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiaabad (Persian: كيااباد‎, also Romanized as Kīāābād; also known as Keyābād, Kīābād, Kīāhābād, and Kiāhābād) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kiaabad	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sturgeon Pool is a reservoir near the hamlet of Rifton, in the Town of Esopus in Ulster County, New York.	Sturgeon Pool	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciracas is a subdistrict (kecamatan) of East Jakarta, one of the five administrative cities which form Jakarta, Indonesia.	Ciracas	East Jakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Margarash (Persian: مرگرش‎; also known as Sārtak) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Margarash	Beradust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio de Monteria is a stadium in Montería, Colombia that is under construction.	Estadio de Monteria	Montería
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de la Madeleine is a castle located in the town of Chevreuse, in the French département of Yvelines (Île de France).	Château de la Madeleine	Chevreuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	A former village, Amby is now a neighborhood (part 25) of Maastricht, in the Netherlands, located about 4 km northeast of the center of the city.	Amby	Maastricht
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Brook Farm, also known as the Charles A. Higgins Estate and New Bolton Center for Veterinary Medicine, is a historic estate located in East Marlborough Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	South Brook Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abkesheh (Persian: اب كشه‎, also Romanized as Ābkesheh; also known as Ābgesheh and Maḩalleh-ye Ābkesh) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Abkesheh	Tarq Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozłowice (kɔzwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kozłowice	Gmina Gorzów Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gettysburg Armory is a former National Guard armory located at Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania.	Gettysburg Armory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roxwell is a village and civil parish in the Chelmsford District of Essex England.	Roxwell	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leith Links (Scottish Gaelic: Fìghdean Lìte) is the principal open space within Leith, the docks district of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Leith Links	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J.D. Woodruff Cabin Site is the location of the first European-American settlement in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming.	Woodruff Cabin Site	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mou River or the Oué Pouémaeu is a river of northeastern New Caledonia.	Mou River	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzcianiec (ˈtʂt͡ɕaɲet͡s) (Ukrainian: Тростянець, Trostianets'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Trzcianiec	Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowleh Sir (Persian: دوله سير‎, also Romanized as Dowleh Sīr and Dūlehsīr) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dowleh Sir	Tilakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western University of Health Sciences (WesternU) is a private, non-profit, graduate school for the health professions, with a main campus located on 22 acres (8.9 ha) in downtown Pomona, California, and an additional medical school campus on 50 acres in Lebanon, Oregon.	Western University of Health Sciences	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharaf Kam (Persian: خرف كام‎, also Romanized as Kharaf Kām, Kharfakām, and Kharfkām; also known as Kharfeh Kām, Kharfekām, and Kherfakan) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kharaf Kam	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrykół (ɔsˈtrɨkuu̯) (German Ostrokollen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ostrykół	Gmina Prostki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalco Hills Recreation Area is located in northwestern Sarpy County, Nebraska, and approximately 12 miles (19 km) west of downtown Omaha.	Chalco Hills Recreation Area	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horton Grove was an area of houses for enslaved African-Americans at the 30,000-acre (120 km2) Bennehan-Cameron plantation complex, which included Stagville Plantation in the northeastern part of Durham County, North Carolina.	Horton Grove	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zinnkopf is a mountain of Bavaria, Germany.It rises 1,227 m above sea level.	Zinnkopf	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Terrazas is a small community and nature reserve in the municipality of Candelaria, Artemisa Province, Cuba.	Las Terrazas	Artemisa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardblair Castle is an L-plan castle (with an added wing), dating from the 16th century, around 0.75 miles (1.21 km) west of Blairgowrie in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Ardblair Castle	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudley Zoological Gardens is a 40-acre (16 ha) zoo located within the grounds of Dudley Castle in the town of Dudley, in the Black Country region of the West Midlands, England.	Dudley Zoo	Dudley Castle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popham Beach State Park is a state park on the Atlantic Ocean in Phippsburg, Sagadahoc County, Maine.	Popham Beach State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fargo South High School, more commonly known as Fargo South or South High, is a public high school located in Fargo, North Dakota.	Fargo South High School	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hills and Dales Estate is the home built for textile magnate Fuller E. Callaway and his wife Ida Cason Callaway completed in 1916 in Lagrange, Georgia.	Hills and Dales Estate	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Point Loma, a neighborhood of San Diego, California, Naval Base Point Loma (NBPL) was established on 1 October 1998 when Navy facilities in the Point Loma area of San Diego were consolidated under Commander, Navy Region Southwest.	Naval Base Point Loma	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Shebelle (Somali: Shabeellaha Dhexe, Arabic: شبيلي الوسطى‎) is an administrative region (gobol) in southern Somalia.	Middle Shebelle	Somalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skopanie (skɔˈpaɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Skopanie	Gmina Baranów Sandomierski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesebar Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Несебър, Obshtina Nesebar) is a Bulgarian municipality comprising the northern part of the Black Sea coast of Burgas Province, Bulgaria.	Nesebar Municipality	Burgas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reformierte Kirche Rüti (native German name, literally: Rüti Reformed Church) is an Evangelical Reformed church in the Swiss municipality of Rüti in the Canton of Zürich.	Rüti Reformed Church	Canton of Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buford High School is a public four year comprehensive high school located in Buford, Georgia USA, in the northern Metro Atlanta area.	Buford High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurel Avenue Church of Christ is a Non-Denomination church belonging to the Restoration Movement Churches of Christ/Christian Churches located in Chesapeake, Virginia.	Laurel Avenue Church of Christ	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pangaw is a small forest village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	Pangaw	Hkamti District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Asb (Persian: دره اسب‎; also known as Darasb) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Darreh Asb	Qaratureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Shakhkharat (Persian: دوشخراط‎, also Romanized as Do Shakhkharāţ, Dowshkharāţ, Dūshkharāt, Dūsh Kharrāţ, and Doosh Kharrat; also known as Gūshkāreh and Gush Kharād) is a village in Cheshmeh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Khvansar County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Do Shakhkharat	Cheshmeh Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plassenburg is a castle in the city of Kulmbach in Bavaria.	Plassenburg	Kulmbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stratfield Mortimer is a village and civil parish, just south of Reading, in the English ceremonial county of Berkshire and District (unitary authority area) of West Berkshire.	Stratfield Mortimer	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strobl (or Strobl am Wolfgangsee) is a municipality of the Salzburg-Umgebung District (Flachgau), in the northeastern portion of the Austrian state of Salzburg, right on the border with Upper Austria.	Strobl	Salzburg-Umgebung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWYL (104.1 FM, branded as Wild 104) is a radio station serving Binghamton, New York with a Top 40 (CHR) format.	WWYL	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eaglenest Range is a mountain range on the west side of the Spatsizi Plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Eaglenest Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leverett Saltonstall Building is a high-rise building located in the Government Center district of Boston, Massachusetts.	Saltonstall Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Goléa (Arabic: القلعة‎) is an oasis town and commune, and capital of El Ménia District, in Ghardaïa Province, Algeria.	El Goléa	El Ménia District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aside from the colour changes in the Fo Tan Nullah, tests conducted in December 2015 by a private laboratory at the behest of Sha Tin District Councillor Scarlett Pong Oi-lan revealed that pollution had worsened in the Shing Mun River.	Shing Mun River	Sha Tin District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiaojia County (巧家县; pinyin: Qiǎojiā Xiàn) is located in Zhaotong Prefecture in Yunnan Province, China.	Qiaojia County	Zhaotong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Rose Ski Tahoe is the closest ski resort to Reno, Nevada.	Mount Rose Ski Tahoe	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Hall Transport Museum is located in Johannesburg South Africa.It is largest transport museum in Africa.It is a museum that aims to preserve and promote the history of over 400 years of transport in South Africa in particular and Africa in general.	James Hall Transport Museum	Johannesburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Field of Mars Reserve is a protected nature reserve located in the north--western suburbs of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Field of Mars Reserve	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gratteri (Sicilian: Ratteri) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Palermo.	Gratteri	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moradluy-e Sofla (Persian: مرادلوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Morādlūy-e Soflá; also known as Morādlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Moradluy-e Sofla	Zangebar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodbourne Heights, Baltimore is a community in northern Baltimore, Maryland.	Woodbourne Heights, Baltimore	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durban (Zulu: eThekwini, from itheku meaning ``bay/lagoon'') is the largest city in the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal.	Durban	eThekwini
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jugtown Pottery was founded in 1921 by Jacques and Juliana Busbee, artists from Raleigh, North Carolina, who in 1917 discovered an orange pie dish and traced it back to Moore County.	Jugtown Pottery	Moore County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thunderbolt, Georgia is a small town located in Chatham County about 5 miles southeast of downtown Savannah.	Thunderbolt, Georgia	Chatham County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suffield Academy is a private coeducational preparatory school located in Suffield, Connecticut, USA.	Suffield Academy	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	As a major specialist paediatric hospital in Victoria, the Royal Children's Hospital provides a full range of clinical services, tertiary care and health promotion and prevention programs for children and young people.	Royal Children's Hospital	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Europa-Center is a building complex on the Breitscheidplatz in Berlin, with a high-rise tower.	Europa-Center	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saratoga Race Course is a thoroughbred horse racing track in Saratoga Springs, New York, United States, with a capacity of 50,000.	Saratoga Race Course	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowo-Kolonie (ɡraˈbɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Grabowo-Kolonie	Gmina Augustów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundesstraße 185 (abbreviation: B 185) is a German federal road or Bundesstraße in the state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Bundesstraße 185	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potok Wielki Drugi (ˈpɔtɔk ˈvjɛlki ˈdruɡi) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Potok Wielki Drugi	Gmina Potok Wielki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stojkowo (stɔi̯ˈkɔvɔ) (German: Stöckow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stojkowo	Gmina Dygowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Animal Wall is a sculptured wall depicting 15 animals in the Castle Quarter of the city centre of Cardiff, Wales.	Animal Wall	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babi Dwór (ˈbabi ˈdvur) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Babi Dwór	Gmina Okonek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majors Airport (IATA: GVT, ICAO: KGVT, FAA LID: GVT) is a city-owned airport five miles southeast of Greenville, in Hunt County, Texas.	Majors Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church School is a private coeducational prep school located in Mumbai, India.	Christ Church School	Mumbai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern University and A&M College is a historically black college in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Southern University	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVQC-LP (95.7 FM) is a non-profit, low-power FM radio station in Cincinnati, Ohio, licensed on the frequency 95.7 to Music Resource Center - Cincinnati.	WVQC-LP	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gumberk (pronounced (ˈɡuːmbɛɾk)) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Gumberk	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mannheim City Airport (IATA: MHG, ICAO: EDFM) (City-Airport Mannheim in German, formerly Mannheim-Neuostheim/Neuhermsheim) is a minor regional airport serving the German city of Mannheim.	Mannheim City Airport	Neuostheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Community Church of Gonzales is a historic Gothic Revival church building at 301 4th Street in Gonzales, California, United States.	Community Church of Gonzales	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastja (Persian: دستجا‎, also Romanized as Dastjā and Dastejā; also known as Dastjā'' and Dastjāh) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Dastja	Baraan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legend High School is a public high school in Douglas County School District RE-1, and the first high school to be located within the city limits of Parker, Colorado since Parker High School was closed in 1958.	Legend High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wedgemere Historic District encompasses the largest single 19th-century residential development of Winchester, Massachusetts.	Wedgemere Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorsten (German pronunciation: (ˈdɔʁstən)) is a town in the district of Recklinghausen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany and has a population of just below 80,000.	Dorsten	Recklinghausen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabari-ye Yek (Persian: زباري يك‎, also Romanized as Zabārī-ye Yek; also known as Shaikh Zibāri, Sheykh Zabārī, Sheykh Zebārī, Sheykh Zīārī, Zabārī, and Zobārī) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zabari-ye Yek	Miyan Ab Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cecenowo (t͡sɛt͡sɛˈnɔvɔ) (German Zezenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cecenowo	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	It has a station on the Tyne and Wear Metro called Hebburn Metro station.	Hebburn	Tyne and Wear
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navalurkottapattu is a Suburb and Revenue Divisional headquarters of Srirangam taluk in Tiruchirappalli district, Tamil Nadu, India.It is located 12 km to the west of Tiruchirapalli.	Navalurkottapattu	Tiruchirappalli district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yari Mahalleh (Persian: ياري محله‎, also Romanized as Yārī Maḩalleh) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Yari Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helfaer Field, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, is a Little League baseball field located next to Miller Park, home of the Milwaukee Brewers.	Helfaer Field	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middleshaw is a hamlet on the B6254 road, near the village of Old Hutton in the South Lakeland district, in the county of Cumbria, England.	Middleshaw	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Mountain Amphitheatre, formerly known as the Verizon Wireless Music Center, is an outdoor amphitheater, owned by Live Nation, located in Pelham, Alabama, a few miles south of Birmingham.	Oak Mountain Amphitheatre	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahriz-e Kur Bolagh (Persian: كهريزكوربلاغ‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Kūr Bolāgh; also known as Kahrīz-e Kūrbolāghī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Kur Bolagh	Baladarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babaheydar (Persian: باباحيدر‎, also Romanized as Bābā Ḩeydar and Bāba Haīdar) is a city in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Babaheydar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is a Museum attached to the University of Cambridge, United Kingdom, which houses an extensive collection of scientific instruments, apparatus, models, pictures, prints, photographs, books and other material related to the history of science.	Whipple Museum of the History of Science	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is also known as Schönewalde/Holzdorf Air Base, as most of the base is situated east of the Saxony-Anhalt/Brandenburg border, in the city of Schönewalde.	Holzdorf Air Base	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciemięrzowice (t͡ɕɛmjɛ̃ʐɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orły, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Ciemięrzowice	Gmina Orły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Easton is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Kachess River in the U.S. state of Washington.	Lake Easton	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kochkahur (Persian: کچ کهور‎, also Romanized as Kochkahūr) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kochkahur	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaypee University of Information Technology (also J. P. University of Information Technology and JUIT) (Hindi: जेपी सूचना तकनीक विश्वविद्यालय) is a state (private) university in Waknaghat, Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India.	Jaypee University of Information Technology	Waknaghat	Solan	Himachal Pradesh	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gordon Highlanders Museum is a 5-star Visit Scotland Attraction based in the west end of Aberdeen, Scotland.	Gordon Highlanders Museum	Aberdeen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Overfelt Gardens is a 33-acre (13 ha) park in San Jose, California, United States.	Overfelt Gardens	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobino Wielkie (bɔˈbinɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bobino Wielkie	Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Tur-e Pain (Persian: سفيدتورپايين‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Ţūr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sefid Tur-e Pain	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutków (ˈsutkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Sutków	Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coume (German: Kuhmen; Lorraine Franconian: Kum) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Coume	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goathill is a hamlet and civil parish in the county of Dorset in England, situated in the West Dorset district a couple of miles east of the town of Sherborne.	Goathill	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babaklu (Persian: بابك لو‎, also Romanized as Bābaklū and Bobaklu) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Babaklu	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWVH is the callsign of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology's shortwave radio time signal station in Kekaha, on the island of Kauai in the state of Hawaii.	WWVH	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Spiritwood No. 496, Saskatchewan, first formed as Rural Municipality on December 9, 1929 as a 3 township by 3 township R.M. One township is 6 miles by 6 miles square.	Rural Municipality of Spiritwood No. 496	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganjabad-e Yek (Persian: گنج اباد1‎, also Romanized as Ganjābād-e Yek; also known as Ganjābād) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ganjabad-e Yek	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Young Men's Christian Association (also known as ``YMCA of Greater Boston'') was founded in 1851 in Boston, Massachusetts, as the first American chapter of the YMCA.	Boston Young Men's Christian Association	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koorachundu is a village towards the north east of Kozhikode district of Kerala in India.	Koorachundu	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Messex, Colorado is a virtual ghost town in Washington County, Colorado.	Messex, Colorado	Washington County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aßlar (or Asslar, ) is a town near Wetzlar in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis in Hesse, Germany.	Aßlar	Lahn-Dill-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Whitemouth is a rural municipality located in southeastern Manitoba.	Rural Municipality of Whitemouth	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baguio, officially the City of Baguio (Ibaloi: Ciudad ni Bagiw; Ilocano: Ciudad ti Baguio; Pangasinan: Siyudad na Baguio; Filipino: Lungsod ng Baguio) and often referred to as Baguio City, is a highly urbanized city located in the province of Benguet in northern Luzon, island of the Philippines.	Baguio	Benguet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ibitiúra de Minas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.Its estimated population in 2006 was 3,753 inhabitants.	Ibitiúra de Minas	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hotel Baker is a historic landmark in St. Charles, Illinois.	Hotel Baker	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malvern Wells is a village and civil parish near Great Malvern in the Malvern Hills District of Worcestershire, England.	Malvern Wells	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Village Homes is a planned community in Davis, California, Yolo County, designed to be ecologically sustainable by harnessing the energies and natural resources that exists in the landscape, especially stormwater and solar energy.	Village Homes	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicasio Reservoir is a shallow, artificial reservoir in the Nicasio Valley region of Marin County, California, United States.	Nicasio Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colliers Hatch is hamlet near the village of Toot Hill, in the Epping Forest District, in the English county of Essex.	Colliers Hatch	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lochans is a small village around 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south of Stranraer, in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.	Lochans	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rački Vrh (pronounced (ˈɾaːtʃki ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the hills west of Hrastje in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Rački Vrh	Radenci
located in the administrative territorial entity	Espoo is located in southern Finland, along the shore of the Gulf of Finland, and in the region of Uusimaa and the Helsinki sub-region.	Espoo	Helsinki sub-region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keller Fountain Park is a city park in downtown Portland, Oregon.	Keller Fountain Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYPA (AM 1230 JBC) is a Korean-language radio station in Los Angeles, California.	KYPA	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monterey Pass is a mountain pass near Blue Ridge Summit, Pennsylvania, and the Mason--	Monterey Pass	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Hill Mall is located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey and is bound by Route 38, Haddonfield Road (County Route 644), Church Road (County Route 616), and Cherry Hill Mall Drive.	Cherry Hill Mall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Varnum Building was a historic mixed-use commercial and residential building at 401-405 Bridge Street in Lowell, Massachusetts.	Varnum Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazlaqan (Persian: مزلقان‎, also Romanized as Mazlaqān; also known as Marqakān, Mazdaqān, Mazdaqān-e Kohneh, Mazdaqān Kohneh, and Mazlaqān-e Kohneh) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mazlaqan	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vatmanabad (Persian: وتمان اباد‎, also Romanized as Vatmānābād) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vatmanabad	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wszeliwy (fʂɛˈlivɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wszeliwy	Gmina Iłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purleigh is a village on the Dengie peninsula about 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Maldon in the English county of Essex.	Purleigh	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guancheng Hui District (Chinese: 管城回族区; pinyin: Guǎnchéng Huízú Qū; Xiao'erjing: قُوًاچْع خُوِذُو ٿُو) is a district in the central part of the city of Zhengzhou in Henan Province, People's Republic of China.	Guancheng Hui District	Zhengzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bubenbergplatz (Bubenberg Plaza, named after Adrian von Bubenberg) is a plaza in the Old City of Bern, the medieval city center of Bern, Switzerland.	Bubenbergplatz	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snake Alley is a street located in Burlington, Iowa, once recognized by Ripley's Believe It or Not as the Crookedest Street in the World.	Snake Alley	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hangi-ye Sofla (Persian: هنگي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Hangī-ye Soflá) is a village in Korbal Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hangi-ye Sofla	Korbal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogowa (rɔˈɡɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rogowa	Gmina Wolanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chub Bor (Persian: چوببر‎, also Romanized as Chūb Bor) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chub Bor	Mamulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Observatory Circle is a street in Washington, D.C. It runs from Calvert Street to Massachusetts Avenue near 34th Street.	Observatory Circle	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Oceana or NAS Oceana (IATA: NTU, ICAO: KNTU, FAA LID: NTU) is a military airport located in Virginia Beach, Virginia, and is a United States Navy Master Jet Base.	Naval Air Station Oceana	Virginia Beach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawrence Academy at Groton is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational college preparatory school located in Groton, Massachusetts, in the United States.	Lawrence Academy at Groton	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petersen Events Center (more commonly known as ``The Pete'') is a 12,508-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Petersen Events Center	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Whatman Way, currently known as the Gallagher Stadium, is a 3,063 capacity football stadium in Maidstone, Kent, England.	Gallagher Stadium	Maidstone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delbarton School is a private all-male Roman Catholic college-preparatory school in Morristown, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States, educating young men in seventh through twelfth grades.	Delbarton School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gajle (ˈɡai̯lɛ) (German: Gayl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gajle	Gmina Pieniężno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fred T. Foard High School is a public, coeducational high school located in the community of Propst Crossroads, ten miles (16 km) west of Newton, North Carolina, United States.	Fred T. Foard High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Võivaku is a village in Suure-Jaani Parish, Viljandi County, located 13 km (8 miles) north of the town of Viljandi, 8.8 km (5.4 miles) north of the small borough of Olustvere and 10 km (6 miles) southwest of the town of Suure-Jaani.	Võivaku	Suure-Jaani Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daniel Morgan Monument is a historic monument located at Spartanburg, Spartanburg County, South Carolina.	Daniel Morgan Monument	Spartanburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Regent Apartments, located in northwest Portland, Oregon, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Regent Apartments	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dolby Theatre (formerly known as the Kodak Theatre) is a live-performance auditorium in the Hollywood and Highland Center shopping mall and entertainment complex, on Hollywood Boulevard and North Highland Avenue, in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles, United States.	Dolby Theatre	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berlin-Marienfelde station is a station and a freight yard on the Berlin--	Marienfelde station	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teresiny (tɛrɛˈɕinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Teresiny	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunlap-Stone University (DSU) is a private, online institution headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona.	Dunlap-Stone University	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gresham Street is a street in the City of London named after the English merchant and financier Thomas Gresham.	Gresham Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	WARO is a commercial radio station located in Fort Myers, Florida, broadcasting to the southwest Florida area on 94.5 FM.	WARO	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Fork Furnace is a historic iron furnace and national historic district located near Floyd, Floyd County, Virginia.	West Fork Furnace	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Landing Apartments (formerly named the Dayton YMCA) is an historic structure located at 117 West Monument Street in Dayton, Ohio.	Landing Apartments	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pandanadu (also known as Pandavar Nadu) is a village in Chengannur taluk in Alappuzha district, in Kerala, India.	Pandanad	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Irving Transit Center is a bus-only station located along Northwest Highway (Spur 348) in Irving, Texas (USA).	North Irving Transit Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Șoldanu is a commune in Călărași County, Romania, 44 km (27 mi) away from Bucharest.	Șoldanu	Călărași County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lebong Tandai is one of the villages in the subdistrict of Napal Putih, North Bengkulu Regency, Bengkulu province, Indonesia.	Lebong Tandai	Napal Putih
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mecklenburg County Sportsplex is a large sports complex and park in Matthews, North Carolina, southeast of Charlotte.	Mecklenburg County Sportsplex	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blumberg is a municipality situated in the Schwarzwald-Baar region of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Blumberg	Schwarzwald-Baar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture (Chinese: 恩施土家族苗族自治州; pinyin: Ēnshī Tǔjiāzú Miáozú Zìzhìzhōu) is located in the mountainous southwestern corner of Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture	Hubei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Governor Dodge State Park is a 5,270-acre (2,133 ha) Wisconsin state park outside Dodgeville in Iowa County, Wisconsin.	Governor Dodge State Park	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldbröl is a town is in the southern part of the Oberbergischer Kreis (district), in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Waldbröl	Oberbergischer Kreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dezna (Hungarian: Dézna) is a commune in Arad County, Romania.	Dezna	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Suski (ˈstarɛ ˈsuski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Suski	Gmina Długosiodło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaworznica (javɔʐˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jaworznica	Gmina Kiełczygłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slayton Farms-Round Barn is an historic structure located near Iowa Falls in rural Hardin County, Iowa.	Slayton Farms-Round Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuźnica Skakawska (kuʑˈnit͡sa skaˈkafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kuźnica Skakawska	Gmina Wieruszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grassy Hill Natural Area Preserve is a 1,440-acre (580 ha) Natural Area Preserve located in Franklin County, Virginia, just to the west of the town of Rocky Mount.	Grassy Hill Natural Area Preserve	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkeley Zen Center (BZC), temple name Shogakuji (正覚寺 Shōgaku-ji), is a Sōtō Zen Buddhist practice center located in Berkeley, California led by Sojun Mel Weitsman.	Berkeley Zen Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalarm (Persian: كلرم‎‎, also Romanized as Kolarm and Kolram; also known as Kalāram) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalarm	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biała Wola (ˈbjawa ˈvɔla) (German: Dittrichsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biała Wola	Gmina Lubomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pondville Correctional Center is a minimum security/pre-release Massachusetts state prison.	Pondville Correctional Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Googleplex is the corporate headquarters complex of Google, Inc., located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View, Santa Clara County, California, United States, near San Jose.	Googleplex	Mountain View
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haughs is a football ground and area of playing fields in the Scottish town of Turriff, Aberdeenshire.	The Haughs	Turriff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saltfleet District High School is located at 108 Highland Road West Stoney Creek, Ontario, and is a member of the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board.	Saltfleet District High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irvington Bus Terminal is a regional bus terminus in Irvington, New Jersey.	Irvington Bus Terminal	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afra Koti-ye Hajj Ahmad (Persian: افراكتي حاج احمد‎, also Romanized as Āfrā Kotī-ye Ḩājj Aḩmad) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Afra Koti-ye Hajj Ahmad	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xianrenzhuang Subdistrict (Chinese: 仙人庄街道, literally, ``Immortal's Village Subdistrict''), formerly Xianrenzhuang Township (Chinese: 仙人庄乡) is a township-level division of Gulou District of the prefecture-level city of Kaifeng, in the province of Henan, China.	Xianrenzhuang Subdistrict	Gulou District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spodnje Bitnje (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈbiːtnjɛ); German: Unterfeichting) is a village south of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Bitnje	Kranj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dražen Petrović Basketball Hall (Croatian: Košarkaški centar Dražen Petrović or Dvorana Dražen Petrović) is an Indoor sporting arena in Zagreb, Croatia.	Dražen Petrović Basketball Hall	Zagreb
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castella de Aguada (Portuguese: Fort of the Waterpoint), also known as the Bandra Fort, is a fort located in Bandra, Mumbai.	Castella de Aguada	Bandra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domaine Faiveley is a wine producer in Burgundy, France situated in Nuits-Saint-Georges and established in 1825.	Domaine Faiveley	Nuits-Saint-Georges
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Auto Building, also known as the Coca-Cola Building or the Candler Building, is located at 2107 Grand Boulevard, in the Crossroads neighborhood of Kansas City, Missouri.	Western Auto Building	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duncraig railway station is a remote railway station by the shore of Loch Carron on the Kyle of Lochalsh Line, serving Duncraig Castle, a mansion near Plockton, in the Highland council area of northern Scotland.	Duncraig railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caeathro is a village situated on the A4085 road between Caernarfon and Waunfawr in Gwynedd, northwest Wales.	Caeathro	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nobina Norge AS is a Norwegian bus company, owned by Nobina, that operates in the counties of Akershus, Hordaland and the cities of Oslo and Tromsø.	Nobina Norge	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spruce Run Earthworks is an archaeological site located in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio, in Delaware County.	Spruce Run Earthworks	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gradoczno (ɡraˈdɔt͡ʂnɔ) (Ukrainian: Градочна, Hradochna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gradoczno	Gmina Narew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District (Persian: دهستان بكش يك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palais Ephrussi is a former Ringstraßenpalais in Vienna.	Palais Ephrussi	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Week St Mary (Cornish: Gwig Sen Maria) is a civil parish and village in northeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Week St Mary	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Indooroopilly Railway Bridge is a railway bridge of steel truss design which crosses the Brisbane River, Queensland, Australia.	Indooroopilly Railway Bridge	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Va'a-o-Fonoti is a district on the north east coast of Upolu Island in Samoa, with a population (2001 Census) of 1,666, making it the least populated district in the country.	Va'a-o-Fonoti	Samoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potter Heigham is a village and civil parish on the River Thurne in the English county of Norfolk.	Potter Heigham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faizpur is a city and a municipal council in Jalgaon district in the state of Maharashtra, India.It belongs to Yawal taluka.	Faizpur	Jalgaon district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edison Courts is a Miami-Dade 345-unit public housing apartment complex just west of the Little Haiti (Lemon City) neighborhood of Miami, Florida.	Edison Courts	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment (MSAE or Maharishi School) is an independent, non-denominational, college preparatory school located in Fairfield, Iowa, USA.The school was founded in 1974, received state accreditation in 1986 and began single-gender classes in 1989.	Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Checkendon is a village and civil parish about 6 miles (10 km) west of Henley-on-Thames in South Oxfordshire and about 9 miles (14 km) north west of Reading in Berkshire.	Checkendon	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boshkeh (Persian: بشكه‎) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Boshkeh	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bucsu (German: Butsching, Croatian: Bučura, Buča) is a village in Vas County, Hungary, in the vicinity of Szombathely.	Bucsu	Vas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burscough (/ˈbɜrskoʊ/ or /ˈbɜrskə/) is a large village and civil parish within West Lancashire in North West England, to the north of both Ormskirk and Skelmersdale.The parish also includes the hamlet of Tarlscough and the Martin Mere Wetland Centre.	Burscough	West Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jäderfors is a locality situated in Sandviken Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 284 inhabitants in 2010.	Jäderfors	Sandviken Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Wang Phrao (Thai: ท่าวังพร้าว) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Pa Tong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Tha Wang Phrao	San Pa Tong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montemassi is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively part of the comune of Roccastrada, in the province of Grosseto.	Montemassi	Roccastrada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Military Base, Semnan (Persian: پايگاه هوايي‎ -- Pāygāh-ye Havāīī; also known as Manṭaqeh-ye Neẓāmī) is a village and military installation in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Military Base, Semnan	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Barrow refers to the enclosed dock system within the town of Barrow-in-Furness, England.	Port of Barrow	Barrow-in-Furness
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albert C. Wagner Youth Correctional Facility is a detention facility, located on Ward Avenue in Bordentown, New Jersey, United States.	Albert C. Wagner Youth Correctional Facility	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pełkowo (pɛu̯ˈkɔvɔ) (German: Pelkshof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pełkowo	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Księża Wola (ˈkɕɛ̃ʐa ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Księża Wola	Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prides Corner School was a public school in Maine and it served grades K--2.	Prides Corner School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarauda or Jaroda is a large village located in Muzaffarnagar Mandal (subdistrict) in the district of Muzaffarnagar in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.	Jarauda	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Philadelphia Free School also known as Philly Free School or PFS, is a Democratic Free School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Philadelphia Free School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majewo-Kolonia (maˈjɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Majewo-Kolonia	Gmina Milejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangyuan County (Chinese: 汤原县; pinyin: Tāngyuán Xiàn) is a county of the prefecture-level city of Jiamusi, province of Heilongjiang, China.	Tangyuan County	Jiamusi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanaqi-ye Sofla (Persian: شناقي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Shanāqī-ye Soflá or Shenaqi Soflá; also known as Shanāqī-ye Pā’īn, Shanqī-ye Pā’īn, and Shenāqī) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Pain Rural District, Qushkhaneh District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shanaqi-ye Sofla	Qushkhaneh-ye Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umatilla Municipal Airport (FAA LID: X23) is a public-use airport located 1 nautical mile (1.85 km) east of the central business district of the city of Umatilla in Lake County, Florida, United States.	Umatilla Municipal Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northfield Manor House is a Manor House, on Bristol Road South, Northfield, Birmingham, England.	Northfield Manor House	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasr al-Banat, Girls castle or Palace of the Ladies, are a set of brick ruins of a residence dating from 12th century in the Syrian city of Ar-Raqqah.	Qasr al-Banat	Ar-Raqqah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pachaug State Forest is the largest forest in the Connecticut state forest system, encompassing over 27,000 acres (110 km²) of land.	Pachaug State Forest	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacific Place is a complex of office towers, hotels and a shopping centre situated at 88 Queensway, in Admiralty, Hong Kong.	Pacific Place	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Hill Fire Observation Station consists of a fire lookout tower, cabin and pit privy located on the summit of Red Hill, a 2,990-foot (910 m) Catskill Mountain peak in Denning, New York, United States.	Red Hill Fire Observation Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieve Tesino (German: Tesin) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Trento.	Pieve Tesino	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Jean Baptiste Roman Catholic Church, also known as the Église St-Jean-Baptiste, is a parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York at the corner of Lexington Avenue and East 76th Street in the Lenox Hill neighborhood of the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.	St. Jean Baptiste Roman Catholic Church	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artigas Department (Spanish: Departamento de Artigas, Spanish pronunciation: (arˈtiɣas)) is the northernmost department of Uruguay, located in its northwestern region.	Artigas Department	Uruguay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nikielkowo (ɲikʲɛlˈkɔvɔ) (German Nickelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nikielkowo	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mareng is a village development committee in the Arghakhanchi District of the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Mareng	Arghakhanchi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Askarabad-e Deli Bajak (Persian: عسكراباددلي بجك‎, also Romanized as ʿAskarābād-e Delī Bajak) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Askarabad-e Deli Bajak	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Lake Stone Jail, in Lower Lake, California, claimed to be the smallest jail in the United States, was erected in 1876 of stone locally quarried and reinforced with iron.	Lower Lake Stone Jail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCVK (90.7 FM) is a Christian radio station with studios and transmitter located in Bowling Green, Kentucky, United States.	WCVK	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herilabad (Persian: هريل اباد‎, also Romanized as Herīlābād) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Herilabad	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarbkowa (skarpˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skarbkowa	Gmina Sadkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Versailles State Park (pronounced locally as ver-SAYLES) is an Indiana state park, near the town of Versailles, Indiana, USA.	Versailles State Park	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshtkuh-e Abdan (Persian: پشت كوه ابدان‎, also Romanized as Poshtkūh-e Ābdān) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Poshtkuh-e Abdan	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Binghamton Theatre, also known as the Capri Theatre, The Forum, and Broome Center for the Performing Arts, is a historic theater, located at Binghamton, in Broome County, New York.	Binghamton Theatre	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fartan-e Kohneh (Persian: فرطان كهنه‎, also Romanized as Farţān-e Kohneh) is a village in Azari Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fartan-e Kohneh	Azari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minkówka (miŋˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Minkówka	Gmina Narewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rossman-Prospect Avenue Historic District is a small residential neighborhood located near the eastern end of the city of Hudson, New York, United States.	Rossman-Prospect Avenue Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anaikarai is a village panchayat under thiruvidaimaruthur taluk in Tanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Anaikarai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy Palace (Paleis der Academiën (Dutch) or Palais des Académies (French)) is a neoclassical palace in Brussels, situated on the Place des Palais / Paleizenplein by the Royal Palace of Brussels and the Brussels Park.	Academy Palace	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Cemetery, also known as the Milk Row Cemetery, is a historic cemetery on Somerville Avenue and School Street in Somerville, Massachusetts.	Old Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gethsemane Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 1510 Congress Avenue in downtown Austin, Texas.	Gethsemane Lutheran Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Citrus Stadium is a 10,000-capacity multi-use stadium located in Glendora, California.	Citrus Stadium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 206 West Street in Reading, Massachusetts, is a well-preserved Greek Revival cottage.	House at 206 West Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Husborne Crawley is a small village and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England, located close to Junction 13 of the M1 motorway.	Husborne Crawley	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tap Tao (Thai: ตับเต่า) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Thoeng District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Tap Tao	Thoeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tengjia (Chinese: 滕家镇) is a town in Rongcheng City, Weihai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Tengjia	Rongcheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Shul (Persian: ده شول‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Shūl) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Shul	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSYE (93.3 FM), known as ``Sunny 93.3'', is a ``Bright'' adult contemporary radio station with studios in Tupelo, Mississippi.	WSYE	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institut Saint-Luc is an arts school in Brussels.	Institut Saint-Luc	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garibaldi Lake is a turquoise-coloured alpine lake in British Columbia, Canada, located 37 km (23 mi) north of Squamish and 19 km (12 mi) south of Whistler.	Garibaldi Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silcox Hut is a small rustic mid-mountain lodge located at 6,950 feet (2,120 m) elevation on Mount Hood, Oregon, United States.	Silcox Hut	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kent Free Library is a public Carnegie library located in Kent, Ohio, United States.	Kent Free Library	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District Schoolhouse No. 2 is an historic school building on Old Post Road (Rhode Island Route 1A) in the Cross Mills section of Charlestown, Rhode Island.	District Schoolhouse No. 2	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ukrainian National Chornobyl Museum (Ukrainian: Український національний музей ``Чорнобиль'') is a history museum in Kiev, Ukraine, dedicated to the 1986 Chernobyl disaster and its consequences.	Ukrainian National Chornobyl Museum	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roos Field is an outdoor college football stadium in the northwest United States, on the campus of Eastern Washington University in Cheney, Washington.	Roos Field	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzcinisko (tʂt͡ɕiˈniskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trzcinisko	Gmina Cedry Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William C. Mooney House, also known as the Mooney Mansion, is located at 122 North Paul Street in Woodsfield, Ohio.	William C. Mooney House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton Hill (initially known as 'New Hampton') is a place in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames to the west of Twickenham, bounded by Fulwell and Twickenham Golf Course to the northwest; the road bridge over the railway line; a line southward just east of Wellington Road;	Hampton Hill	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shatrunjaya (``place of victory against inner enemies'') originally Pundarikgiri), also spelt Shetrunjaya are hills located by the city of Palitana, in Bhavnagar district, Gujarat, India.	Shatrunjaya	Palitana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Azab (Persian: دوازاب‎, also Romanized as Do Azāb) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Do Azab	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Mennonite University (CMU) is a Christian university located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada that awards three and four-year degrees in a variety of programs.	Canadian Mennonite University	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chollerton is a village in Northumberland, in England situated on the A6079 road, about 6 miles (10 km) to the north of Hexham, on the River North Tyne.	Chollerton	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooklin IOOF Hall is an commercial and fraternal society building at the junction of Center Harbor Road and Reach Road (Maine State Route 175) in Brooklin, Maine.	Brooklin IOOF Hall	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikandi (Persian: ميكندي‎, also Romanized as Mīkandī; also known as Makīdī and Myakidi) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mikandi	Misheh Pareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myśliwczów-Kolonia (mɨˈɕlift͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Myśliwczów-Kolonia	Gmina Wielgomłyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corinium Dobunnorum was the Romano-British settlement at Cirencester in the present-day English county of Gloucestershire.	Corinium Dobunnorum	Cirencester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located at 121 Donald Lynch Boulevard in Marlborough, Massachusetts, the New England Sports Center is a two-story, six-rink ice-skating facility located on 22.3 acres (90,000 m2) of suburban land.	New England Sports Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albu Obeyd (Persian: البوعبيد‎, also Romanized as Ālbū ``Obeyd and Albū ``Obeyd) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 714, in 103 families.	Albu Obeyd	Hoseyni Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worcester Country Club is a private country club and golf course in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Worcester Country Club	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarferaz (Persian: سرفراز‎, also Romanized as Sarferāz) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sarferaz	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Église Saint-Jean-Baptiste du Faubourg is a Roman Catholic church in Aix-en-Provence.	Église Saint-Jean-Baptiste du Faubourg	Aix-en-Provence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Eighth Precinct Police Station is a building located at 4150 Grand River Avenue in the Woodbridge Historic District of Detroit, Michigan.	Eighth Precinct Police Station	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cwmcarvan (Welsh: Cwmcarfan) is a small rural village in Monmouthshire, south east Wales.	Cwmcarvan	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oak Beach Inn, commonly referred to by the abbreviation OBI, was a Long Island nightclub located in Oak Beach, on Jones Beach Island near Captree State Park in the Town of Babylon, Suffolk County, New York.	Oak Beach Inn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samuel and Johanna Jones Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Amsterdam in Montgomery County, New York.	Samuel and Johanna Jones Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedzyn (ˈmjɛd͡zɨn) (German: Meinhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Miedzyn	Gmina Lipiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keseh (Persian: كسه‎) is a village in Khamir Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Keseh	Khamir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sai Wan War Cemetery (Chinese: 西灣國殤紀念墳場) is a military cemetery located in Chai Wan, Hong Kong.	Sai Wan War Cemetery	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klokke Stadion, from 1931 on known as Albert Dyserynck Stadion, was a multi-use stadium in Bruges, Belgium.	Klokke Stadion	Bruges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golushjerd (Persian: گلوشجرد‎, also Romanized as Golūshjerd, Golūshejerd, Galooshjerd, and Galūshjerd; also known as Gol Shekū, Golūshījer, Gulshegar, Gulshigard, and Kolūshjerd) is a village in Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Golushjerd	Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ålem is a locality situated in Mönsterås Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 803 inhabitants in 2010.	Ålem	Mönsterås Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caprock Escarpment is a term used in West Texas and Eastern New Mexico to describe the geographical transition point between the level high plains of the Llano Estacado and the surrounding rolling terrain.	Caprock Escarpment	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Addison Village Hall was a historic village hall located at Addison in Steuben County, New York.	Addison Village Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sakhtman Taher (Persian: ساختمان طاهر‎, also Romanized as Sākhtmān Ţāher) is a village in Dehrud Rural District, Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Sakhtman Taher	Dehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuchenan (Persian: كوچنان‎, also Romanized as Kūchenān) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kuchenan	Alamut-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stone Cottage is a 2006 Country-French inspired home near Cumberland, Maryland, designed and built by Kelly L. Moran.	Stone Cottage	Cumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havanirooz 1st Combat Base (Persian: پایگاه یکم رزمی هوانیروز کرمانشاه‎‎ -- Pādegān-e Havānīrūz) is a military installation in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Havanirooz 1st Combat Base	Dorudfaraman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalandhar district (Doabi:ਜਲੰਧਰ ਜ਼ਿਲਾ, Jalandhar Zilā) is a district in the state of Punjab in North-West Republic of India.	Jalandhar district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saladoblanco (Spanish pronunciation: (salaðoˈβlaŋko)) is a town and municipality in the Huila Department, Colombia.	Saladoblanco	Huila Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadrina Parish (Estonian: Kadrina vald) is a rural municipality in Lääne-Viru County, northern Estonia.	Kadrina Parish	Lääne-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Goni (Persian: قره گني‎, also Romanized as Qareh Gonī; also known as Qarah Gownī) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District, Halab District, Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qareh Goni	Ijrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drzeń (dʐɛɲ) (German: Dryhn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Drzeń	Gmina Sławoborze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chief Kamiakin Elementary School in Sunnyside, Washington, was the first public school to be named after the famous chief of the Yakama, Chief Kamiakin.	Chief Kamiakin Elementary School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frozen Head State Park and Natural Area is a state park in Morgan County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Frozen Head State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Begbroke is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Kidlington and 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Oxford.	Begbroke	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Shore Chapel is a historic chapel on Shorewood Road at the junction with Campbell Road in Douglas, Michigan.	Lake Shore Chapel	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kothanalloor (ml:കോതനല്ലൂര്‍) is a village located in the Kottayam District of Kerala, India.	Kothanalloor	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juchnowiec Dolny (juxˈnɔvʲɛt͡s ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Juchnowiec Dolny	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moravská Třebová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmorafskaː ˈtr̝̊ɛbovaː); German: Mährisch Trübau) is a town in the Svitavy District and lies in the Pardubice Region, Czech Republic.	Moravská Třebová	Svitavy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Food and Environmental Hygiene Department (Chinese: 食物環境衞生署), or FEHD (食環署) for short, is a department of Hong Kong Government, reporting to the Health, Welfare and Food Bureau.	Food and Environmental Hygiene Department	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Five Corners Historic District is a historic district encompassing the central district of the village of South Williamstown, Massachusetts.	Five Corners Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museu Aeroespacial is a national aviation museum located in the West Side of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in the Administrative Region of Realengo.	Museu Aeroespacial	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajuda da Bretanha is a northern civil parish in the municipality of Ponta Delgada, on the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Ajuda da Bretanha	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belle Vue Zoological Gardens was a large zoo, amusement park, exhibition hall complex and speedway stadium in Belle Vue, Manchester, England, opened in 1836.	Belle Vue Zoological Gardens	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Protowo (prɔˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Protowo	Gmina Rychliki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqcheh Lucheh (Persian: آقچه لوچه‎, also Romanized as Āqcheh Lūcheh; also known as Āghcheh Lūcheh and Āqcholujah) is a village in Sardrud-e Olya Rural District, Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Aqcheh Lucheh	Sardrud-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qomrud Rural District (Persian: دهستان قمرود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Qomrud Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Cobb High School is a public high school located on Clay Road, in Austell, Georgia, United States.	South Cobb High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foster's Mound (22 AD 503) is a Plaquemine culture archaeological site located in Adams County, Mississippi northeast of Natchez off US 61.	Foster's Mound	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harcourt Garden (Chinese: 夏慤花園; Jyutping: haa6 kok3 faa1 jyun4) is a small urban park in Admiralty, Hong Kong, constructed in the mid-1990s.	Harcourt Garden	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkheh-ye Do (Persian: سرخه دو‎) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sorkheh-ye Do	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Durak (Persian: شهرك دورك‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Dūrak; also known as Dūrak) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Durak	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Bridge, Antietam Creek was a timber trestle bridge near Keedysville, Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Bridge, Antietam Creek	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBBL-FM (107.3 FM, ``The Ball'') is a radio station broadcasting an all-sports format in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	WBBL-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raeapteek (English: Town Hall Pharmacy; German: Ratsapotheke) is in the center of Tallinn city, Estonia.	Raeapteek	Tallinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Boreman is a historic archaeological site encompassing a Civil War fortification located near Parkersburg, Wood County, West Virginia.	Fort Boreman	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Descanso, Alpine and Pacific Railway is a 2 ft (610 mm) narrow gauge heritage railroad located in Alpine, California.	Descanso, Alpine and Pacific Railway	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blooming Prairie High School is a Public school located in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota.	Blooming Prairie High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sham Tseng (Chinese: 深井, literally ``deep well'') is a coastal area in Tsuen Wan District, Hong Kong, between Ting Kau and Tsing Lung Tau.	Sham Tseng	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayatlar (Persian: بيات لر‎, also Romanized as Bayātlār and Bayātlar; also known as Balatlar and Bayātlū) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bayatlar	Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Zirkel Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in Routt National Forest in northwest Colorado.	Mount Zirkel Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Daqan (Persian: دهداقان‎, also Romanized as Deh Dāqān and Deh Daqūn) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Deh Daqan	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keystone Airpark (FAA LID: 42J), also known as Keystone Heights Airport, is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Keystone Heights, a town in Clay County, Florida, United States.	Keystone Heights Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Voorlezer's House is a historic clapboard frame house in Historic Richmond Town in Staten Island, New York.	Voorlezer's House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park City Mountain Resort is a ski resort in the western United States in Park City, Utah, located 32 miles (51 km) east of Salt Lake City.	Park City Mountain Resort	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolge Company Factory Complex, also known as Alfred Dolge and Sons Felt and Sounding Board Factories and Daniel Green Factory Complex, is a national historic district located at Dolgeville in Herkimer County, New York.	Dolge Company Factory Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saru Kola (Persian: ساروكلا‎, also Romanized as Sārū Kolā) is a village in Kuhsaran Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Saru Kola	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiaram (Persian: كيارام‎, also Romanized as Kīārām and Keyārām) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kiaram	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Illinois School for the Deaf (ISD) is a pre-kindergarten, elementary and high school for the deaf and hard of hearing in Jacksonville, Illinois.	Illinois School for the Deaf	Jacksonville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyt-e Mohareb (Persian: بيت محارب‎, also Romanized as Beyt-e Moḩāreb and Beyt-e Maḩāreb; also known as Bait-i-Muhārib) is a village in Veys Rural District, Veys District, Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Beyt-e Mohareb	Veys Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stackpole and Castlemartin is a community in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Stackpole and Castlemartin	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Healdsburg Transfer Station is a solid waste recycling and reuse facility in Sonoma County, California, located at 166 Alexander Valley Road, north of the City of Healdsburg.	Healdsburg Transfer Station	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parker Homestead State Park is a former Montana state park located in southeastern Jefferson County, near Three Forks, Montana in the United States.	Parker Homestead State Park	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wymysław (vɨˈmɨswaf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wymysław	Gmina Chodzież
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarom Sar (Persian: طارم سر‎, also Romanized as Ţārom Sar) is a village in Luleman Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tarom Sar	Luleman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motzstraße is a street in Schöneberg, Berlin which now runs from Nollendorfplatz via Viktoria-Luise-Platz to Prager Platz.	Motzstraße	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Jaworów (ˈnɔvɨ jaˈvɔruf) is a village in the urban-rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowy Jaworów	Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kitchissippi Ward (Ward 15) is a city ward in the city of Ottawa, Canada.	Kitchissippi Ward	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tikhvor (Persian: طيخور‎‎, also romanised as Ṭīkhvor and Ṭīkhūr) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Tikhvor	Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fugina House is a historic Prairie School style house located in Fountain City, Wisconsin.	Fugina House	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guranabad (Persian: گوران اباد‎, also Romanized as Gūrānābād; also known as Kūrānābād) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Guranabad	Beradust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedzichowo (mjɛd͡ʑiˈxɔvɔ) (German: Kupferhammer) is a village in Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Miedzichowo	Nowy Tomyśl County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Datça is a district of Muğla Province in south-west Turkey, and the center town of the district.	Datça	Muğla Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sitkalidak Island is an island in the western Gulf of Alaska in the Kodiak Island Borough of the state of Alaska, USA.	Sitkalidak Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Salt Plains Lake is a reservoir located within the Salt Plains National Wildlife Refuge in Alfalfa County, Oklahoma in the United States named because of the salt flats in the area and for the Salt Fork Arkansas River, which is dammed to form the lake.	Great Salt Plains Lake	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Servite College is a co-educational Roman Catholic high school in the Perth suburb of Tuart Hill, Western Australia.	Servite College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeager Airport (IATA: CRW, ICAO: KCRW, FAA LID: CRW) is a public airport three miles (6 km) east of downtown Charleston, in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States.	Yeager Airport	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The three-story house is located at 75½ Bedford St., off Seventh Ave. between Commerce and Moore Streets, in the West Greenwich Village section of Manhattan.	75½ Bedford St	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Qajar (Persian: حسين ابادقاجار‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Qājār; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseīnābād) is a village in Jamalabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Qajar	Jamalabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burtonwood and Westbrook is a civil parish in the outermost suburbs of Warrington, Cheshire, England.	Burtonwood	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karniewek (karˈɲɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Karniewek	Gmina Pokrzywnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churcham is a small village and civil parish in the Forest of Dean District of Gloucestershire in England, located 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Gloucester.	Churcham	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ronsin (or: Ronsen) is a village in the Kogho Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso.	Ronsin	Kogho Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stevenson Peters House is a historic farm complex near the city of Circleville in Pickaway County, Ohio, United States.	Stevenson Peters House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gifford Pinchot National Forest is a National Forest located in southern Washington, USA, managed by the United States Forest Service.	Gifford Pinchot National Forest	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Law Farm Historic District is a farmstead located at the junction of Reed Road and Plum Run Road near Tappan Lake in Harrison County, Ohio, United States.	Henry Law Farm Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jersey Baptist Church Cemetery is a historic church cemetery located on SR 1272 in Linwood, Davidson County, North Carolina.	Jersey Baptist Church Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rohm and Haas Corporate Headquarters in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States was built as the headquarters for the former chemical manufacturing company Rohm and Haas.	Rohm and Haas Corporate Headquarters	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ByTowne Cinema is a one-screen repertory movie theatre located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	ByTowne Cinema	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nulvi (Sardinian: Nujvi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 180 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Sassari.	Nulvi	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cill Chiaráin (anglicized as Kilkieran) is a village in County Galway, Ireland.	Kilkieran	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuścińce (kuɕˈt͡ɕiɲt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kuścińce	Gmina Kuźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marmion Avenue is a 38 kilometre arterial road in the northern coastal suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, linking Trigg in the south with Yanchep in the north.	Marmion Avenue	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bławatków (bwaˈvatkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bławatków	Gmina Piekoszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colonel Patrick O'Rorke Memorial Bridge is a bascule bridge in New York, United States, that connects the Rochester neighborhood of Charlotte to the town of Irondequoit.	Colonel Patrick O'Rorke Memorial Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gudtak (Persian: گودتاك‎, also Romanized as Gūdtāk) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gudtak	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widegates is a village in south-east Cornwall, about 4 miles north of Looe.	Widegates	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Englishman River is located in the eastern side of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Englishman River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrhead Airport, (TC LID: CEP3) is located 1.7 nautical miles (3.1 km; 2.0 mi) southwest of Barrhead, Alberta, Canada.	Barrhead Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Nem (Persian: باب نم‎, also Romanized as Bāb Nem and Bāb Nam) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Nem	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belleville Municipal Airport (ICAO: KRPB, FAA LID: RPB) is a city-owned airport a mile west of Belleville, in Republic County, Kansas, United States.	Belleville Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lloydminster Hospital is a community hospital in the border community of Lloydminster, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Lloydminster Hospital	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teatro Lirico Giuseppe Verdi is an opera house located in Trieste, Italy and named after the composer Giuseppe Verdi.	Teatro Lirico Giuseppe Verdi	Trieste
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club was a Pennsylvania corporation which operated an exclusive and secretive retreat at a mountain lake near South Fork, Pennsylvania for more than fifty extremely wealthy men and their families.	South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaianes (Valencian pronunciation: (ɡaˈjanes), Spanish: Gayanes (ɡaˈʝanes)) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat, Alicante, Valencia, Spain.	Gaianes	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mark Twain Boyhood Home, now known as the Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum, is located on 206-208 Hill Street, Hannibal, Missouri, on the west bank of the Mississippi River in the United States.	Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Garwarz (ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡarvaʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Garwarz	Gmina Glinojeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Waldingfield is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district of Suffolk, England about two miles (3 km) north-east of Sudbury and two miles (3 km) south-west of its sister village, Little Waldingfield.	Great Waldingfield	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otxandio (in Basque and officially, in Spanish Ochandiano) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque autonomous community, Spain.	Otxandio	Biscay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arjas (Persian: ارجاس‎, also Romanized as Arjās; also known as Argus, Arjāsb, and Ugāsin) is a village in Khenaman Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Arjas	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pueblo Grande Ruin and Irrigation Sites are pre-Columbian archaeological sites and ruins, located in Phoenix, Arizona.	Pueblo Grande Ruin and Irrigation Sites	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Porcupine Rim Trail, located near Moab, Utah, is a popular mountain biking trail almost as famous as the Slickrock Trail.	Porcupine Rim Trail	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirumandagoundanpalayam is a small village in Puliyampatti Panchayat, a rural area in Coimbatore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Thirumandagoundanpalayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZFN (106.1 FM, ``Z-Fun 106 '') is a radio station in Moscow, Idaho.	KZFN	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copper Hills High School is located in West Jordan, Utah, situated just east of the Oquirrh Mountains in the southwest corner of the Salt Lake Valley near the Bingham Canyon Copper Mine.	Copper Hills High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chit Bon (Persian: چيت بن‎, also Romanized as Chīt Bon; also known as Chat Bon) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chit Bon	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Downey Studios was a production studio in Downey, California.	Downey Studios	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlecdon is a village in the Borough of Copeland in Cumbria, England, near the town of Whitehaven.	Arlecdon	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dam Hara (Persian: دم هرا‎, also Romanized as Dam Harā; also known as Dam Harā’ī and Dam Havā’ī) is a village in Mehran Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dam Hara	Mehran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weatherford College (WC; officially Weatherford College of the Parker County Junior College District) is a community college located in Weatherford, Parker County, Texas, with branch campuses in nearby Wise County, Granbury and Mineral Wells.	Weatherford College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Libkova Voda (German Libekswasser) is a village and municipality (obec) in Pelhřimov District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Libkova Voda	Pelhřimov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bow Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta and British Columbia, Canada.	Bow Range	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica of Saint Praxedes (Latin: Basilica Sanctae Praxedis, Italian: Basilica di Santa Prassede all’Esquillino), commonly known in Italian as Santa Prassede, is an ancient titular church and minor basilica in Rome, Italy, located near the papal basilica of Saint Mary Major.	Santa Prassede	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khasraj-e Owdeh (Persian: خسرج عوده‎) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khasraj-e Owdeh	Karkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yawgoo Valley is the only skiing resort in Rhode Island.	Yawgoo Valley	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veľké Kozmálovce (Hungarian: Nagykoszmály) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Veľké Kozmálovce	Levice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The R. Gallagher Generating Station is a four-unit coal-burning power plant located along the Ohio River some two miles (3 km) downstream from New Albany, Indiana in southernmost Floyd County, Indiana.	R. Gallagher Generating Station	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abingdon Square Park is located in the New York City borough of Manhattan in Greenwich Village.	Abingdon Square Park	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielimowo (vjɛliˈmɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wielimowo	Gmina Miłomłyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abuyesan (Persian: ابويسان‎, also Romanized as Abūyesān, Abaveysān, Abavīsān, and Abveysān; also known as Aboo Besan, Abū Nesyān, and Istin) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abuyesan	Miyan Jovin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vine Street Expressway Bridge was built in 1959 and reconstructed 1989 by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation.	Vine Street Expressway Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bashak (Persian: باشك‎, also Romanized as Bāshak; also known as Bāshtak) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bashak	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballagawne Halt is a rural request stop on the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man.	Ballagawne Halt	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayer State Park is a state park in the Columbia River Gorge, near Rowena, Oregon in Wasco County in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Mayer State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsuen Wan Centre (Chinese: 荃灣中心) is one of the largest private housing estates in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong, located at Tsuen King Circuit.	Tsuen Wan Centre	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Anuri (Persian: محمدابادانوري‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Ānūrī; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Anuri	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bangor City Forest is a large recreation area in Bangor, Maine.	Bangor City Forest	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zuclo is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of Trento.	Zuclo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esmail Sara (Persian: اسماعيل سرا‎, also Romanized as Esmāʿīl Sarā; also known as Esmāeelsarā) is a village in Divshal Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Esmail Sara	Divshal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borovinići (Serbian Cyrillic: Боровинићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Borovinići	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hegel House (German: Hegelhaus) is a museum in Stuttgart, Germany, located in the house where the philosopher Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel was born.	Hegel House	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jack Straw's Lane is a residential road in Oxford, England.	Jack Straw's Lane	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Audencourt is a former commune of the French department of Nord, merged in 1961 into the commune Caudry.	Audencourt	Caudry
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shaare Zedek Medical Center (Hebrew: מרכז רפואי שערי צדק‎, Merkaz Refu'i Sha'arei Tzedek) (lit. ``Gates of Justice'') is a major hospital in Jerusalem, Israel.	Shaare Zedek Medical Center	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chevron Richmond Refinery is a 2,900-acre (1,200 ha) petroleum refinery in Richmond, California, on San Francisco Bay.	Chevron Richmond Refinery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Güssenburg Castle (also Güssenberg) is a ruined castle on a hill near Hermaringen in Heidenheim County in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Güssenburg Castle	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay State Correctional Center (BSCC) was a small, general population medium security facility that stood on the grounds of the original dormitory buildings of Massachusetts Correctional Institution --	Bay State Correctional Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badsworth is a village and civil parish in the City of Wakefield metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England.	Badsworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Argelès-Gazost (pronounced: (aʁʒlɛs ɡaˈzɔst); Occitan: Argelèrs de Gasòst) is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.	Argelès-Gazost	Hautes-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleasant Home, also known as the John Farson House, is a historic home located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois, United States.	Pleasant Home	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quindaro Townsite is an archaeological district in the vicinity of North 27th Street and the Missouri Pacific Railroad tracks in Kansas City, Kansas.	Quindaro Townsite	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjir Siah-e Sofla (Persian: انجيرسياه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Anjīr Sīāh-e Soflá; also known as Anjīr-e Sīāh) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Anjir Siah-e Sofla	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snell Valley is a depression landform in Napa County, California.	Snell Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Realmonte (Sicilian: Muntiriali) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) south of Palermo and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Agrigento.	Realmonte	Province of Agrigento
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Forest High School is a secondary school located in Hobart Township, Indiana, serving grades 9--12.	River Forest High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Khalili (Persian: ده خليلي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Khalīlī; also known as Gandomkār-e Khalīlī) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Deh-e Khalili	Miankuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Truckee River is a stream that flows northward from the western slope of Red Lake Peak in Alpine County, California to Lake Tahoe via the Truckee Marsh in South Lake Tahoe, California.	Upper Truckee River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Bagatelle is a small neoclassical château with a French landscape garden in the Bois de Boulogne in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.	Château de Bagatelle	16th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlantic Beach Bridge is a 153-foot (47 m) long toll drawbridge carrying NY 878, connecting Lawrence and Atlantic Beach (Park Street), New York, while passing over the west end of Reynolds Channel.	Atlantic Beach Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamo Heights High School is a public high school located in the city of Alamo Heights, Texas and is the only high school in the Alamo Heights Independent School District.	Alamo Heights High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalamunda National Park is a national park in Western Australia, 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Perth, near the town of Kalamunda.	Kalamunda National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rolbik (ˈrɔlbik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rolbik	Gmina Brusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holcomb Mausoleum Door, is a public artwork by American fabricator Amick & Wearley Monuments, located in Crown Hill Cemetery, which is near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	Holcomb Mausoleum Door	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buíque is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco, mesoregion of Agreste.	Buíque	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckhorn Reservoir is a reservoir in Wilson County, North Carolina created by the Buckhorn Dam.	Buckhorn Reservoir	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Masoud is an archaeological site west northwest of Tell Hazzine and 2 km away west from the Litani in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell Masoud	Tell Hazzine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinshe District (Chinese: 新社區; pinyin: Xīnshè Qū) is a rural district in Taichung, Taiwan.	Xinshe District	Taichung
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMGK, also known as Smooth Magic 107.1, is a radio station with a Soft Gold format based in Glenwood, Minnesota owned by Branstock Communications.	KMGK	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jadu Zehi Buhir (Persian: جادوزهي بوهير‎, also Romanized as Jādū Zehī Būhīr) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jadu Zehi Buhir	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Rapids Public Museum, located in Grand Rapids, Michigan, is among the oldest history museums in the United States.	Grand Rapids Public Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Marais/Cook County Airport (IATA: GRM, ICAO: KCKC, FAA LID: CKC) is a county-owned, public-use airport located seven nautical miles (13 km) northwest of the central business district of Grand Marais, a city in Cook County, Minnesota, United States.	Grand Marais/Cook County Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Missouri Buttes are located in Crook County in northeast Wyoming on the northwest flank of the Black Hills Uplift.	Missouri Buttes	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorram Rah (Persian: خرم راه‎, also Romanized as Khorram Rāh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Khorram Rah	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifton Springs Sanitarium is a historic sanitarium building located at Clifton Springs in Ontario County, New York.	Clifton Springs Sanitarium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosenstein Park (German: Rosensteinpark) in Stuttgart is the largest English garden in southwest Germany.	Rosenstein Park	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Liverpool Range is a mountain range of the Scenic Rim and Lockyer Creek valley, part of the Great Dividing Range, which is located in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Little Liverpool Range	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Street (officially rue Bishop) is a north-south street located in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Bishop Street	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gut Sorkheh (Persian: گوت سرخه‎, also Romanized as Gūt Sorkheh) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gut Sorkheh	Dasht-e Lali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar-e Balm (Persian: سربلم‎) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sar-e Balm	Ahmadi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donohill or Dunohil (Irish: Dún Eochaille) is a village and civil parish in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Donohill	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Idéal Cinéma Jacques Tati is a movie theater in Aniche, France, and is claimed to be the oldest active public movie theater in the world.	L'Idéal Cinéma Jacques Tati	Aniche
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harmon was a highrise building at the CityCenter Las Vegas development in Paradise, Nevada.	The Harmon	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tengelic is a village in Tolna County, Hungary.	Tengelic	Tolna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockland Bristol (formerly Stockland Gaunts) is a village and civil parish in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset, between Bridgwater and the Steart Peninsula.	Stockland Bristol	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puerto Boyacá is a Colombian river-port town and municipality by the Magdalena River in the Boyacá Department, where is also considered a Special Handling Zone due to its port status.	Puerto Boyacá	Boyacá Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jir Bagh (Persian: جيرباغ‎, also Romanized as Jīr Bāgh; also known as Jīreh Bāgh) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jir Bagh	Shirju Posht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinton-in-the-Hedges is a small village and civil parish in South Northamptonshire, England, 2 miles (3.2 km) due west of the town of Brackley.	Hinton-in-the-Hedges	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meeman-Shelby Forest State Park is a state park in Shelby County, Tennessee near Memphis, Tennessee, located in the Southeastern United States.	Meeman-Shelby Forest State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qom Province (Persian: استان قم‎‎, Ostān-e Qom) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran with 11,237 km², covering 0.89% of the total area in Iran.	Qom Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coliseo Álvaro Sánchez Silva, is an indoor sporting arena located in Neiva, Huila, Colombia.	Coliseo Álvaro Sánchez Silva	Neiva
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoshkhash (Persian: خشخاش‎, also Romanized as Khoshkhāsh; also known as Khoshgāsh) is a village in Darram Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Khoshkhash	Darram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowloon Bay (Chinese: 九龍灣; Jyutping: Gau Lung Waan ) is a bay and a town in Hong Kong.	Kowloon Bay	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Ilo National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and is managed from Audubon National Wildlife Refuge by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.	Lake Ilo National Wildlife Refuge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cornwall Bridge Railroad Station is located at the junction of Poppleswamp Brook Road and Kent Road in Cornwall, Connecticut.	Cornwall Bridge Railroad Station	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borough of Eastleigh is a local government district and borough in Hampshire, England, bordering the unitary authority of Southampton, Test Valley, the City of Winchester and the Borough of Fareham.	Borough of Eastleigh	Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Gharib (Persian: دره غريب‎, also Romanized as Darreh Gharīb) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Gharib	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Ardsley is commonly used to refer to an area on the south-west edge of the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, possessing a WF postcode in the WF3 (Wakefield) postcode area while the village telephone numbers are ``0113'', the Leeds prefix.	West Ardsley	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nazok Sara (Persian: نازك سرا‎, also Romanized as Nāzok Sarā) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nazok Sara	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idi Guz (Persian: ايدي گوز‎, also Romanized as Īdī Gūz; also known as Sefīd Khānī and Sefīd Khvānī) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Idi Guz	Kandovan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The cities of Sherbrooke and Magog, Quebec, lie on the Magog River.	Magog River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Net and Twine Company Factory is a historic factory at 155 2nd Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	American Net and Twine Company Factory	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Carter Brown Library is an independently funded research library of history and the humanities, part of Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island.	John Carter Brown Library	Providence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eggleston is a village in County Durham, in England.	Eggleston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Independence Dam State Park is a 591-acre (239 ha) in Defiance County, Ohio in the United States.	Independence Dam State Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Szlachecka (ˈvulka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska) (German: Adlig Wolken; until 1938: Adlig Wolka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wólka Szlachecka	Gmina Jeziorany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelby Airport (IATA: SBX, ICAO: KSBX, FAA LID: SBX) is a county owned airport two miles north of Shelby, in Toole County, Montana.	Shelby Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miquelon Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Alberta, Canada, about 65 kilometres southeast of the city of Edmonton.	Miquelon Lake Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dafchah (Persian: دافچاه‎, also Romanized as Dāfchāh; also known as Katekūl-e Dāfchāh) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dafchah	Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. Stephanus Stadium is a sports venue in Keetmanshoop in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia.	J. Stephanus Stadium	Keetmanshoop
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandiston is a small village and civil parish near the centre of the county of Norfolk, England, about two miles south-east of the small market town of Reepham, five miles south-west of the larger town of Aylsham and 10 miles north-west of the city of Norwich.	Brandiston	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galin Bolaghi (Persian: گلين بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Galīn Bolāghī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Galin Bolaghi	Angut-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orange County Government Center, located on Main Street (NY 207) in Goshen, New York, is the main office of the government of Orange County.	Orange County Government Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Triple Crossing in Richmond, Virginia is believed to be the only place in North America where three Class I railroads cross at different levels at the same spot.	Triple Crossing	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amrita Island is a small inhabited island in Squeteague Harbor in the village of Cataumet in the town of Bourne, in Barnstable County, Massachusetts.	Amrita Island	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrocławki (vrɔt͡sˈwafki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wrocławki	Gmina Papowo Biskupie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galleh Zani (Persian: گله زني‎, also Romanized as Galleh Zanī and Galleh Zenī; also known as Gelzanī) is a village in Abdan Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Galleh Zani	Abdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fielding Bradford House is an historic house built on a tract of land near North Elkhorn and Cane Run Creeks in Scott County, Kentucky.	Fielding Bradford House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radenski Vrh (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɛnski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Radenski Vrh	Radenci
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żebrówka (ʐɛˈbrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żebrówka	Gmina Kałuszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kruppwerke is a part of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	Kruppwerke	Bochum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kościerzyna-Wybudowanie (kɔɕt͡ɕeˈʐɨna vɨbudɔˈvaɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kościerzyna-Wybudowanie	Gmina Kościerzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herron Airport (FAA LID: 7G1), is privately owned airport in New Cumberland, West Virginia, U.S., part of the Pittsburgh Combined Statistical Area.	Herron Airport	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point West Corporate Plaza is a two-building class A office complex in Sacramento, California.	Point West Corporate Plaza	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wes Skiles Peacock Springs State Park is a 733-acre (297 ha) Florida State Park located on Peacock Springs Road, two miles (3 km) east of Luraville and on State Road 51, 16 miles (26 km) southwest of Live Oak, Florida.	Wes Skiles Peacock Springs State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Zone is a music venue for alternative and underground music in Liège, Belgium 50.637411°N 5.580325°E. It's located in Outremeuse, the island in the middle of Liege and is hosting a wide variety of musical bands from everywhere in the world, as well as theatre, exhibitions, workshops.	La Zone	Liège
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northside Methodist Academy is a K3-12 private Christian school located in Dothan, Alabama, on Redmond Road, started in 1975.	Northside Methodist Academy	Alabama
member of sports team	Ryan Junge (born September 7, 1984 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American soccer player who current plays for the Missouri Comets of the MISL.	Ryan Junge	Missouri Comets
member of sports team	Constantin Pigla Sintat Brachet also known as Constantin Pigla (born May 7, 1990 in Cameroun) is a Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Paniliakos F.C. in the Football League (Greece) as a Forward.	Constantin Pigla	Paniliakos F.C.
member of sports team	Ján Tabaček (born April 7, 1980 in Martin) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for the HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Ján Tabaček	HC Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Mike Lankshear (born September 8, 1978 in Burlington, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for the Dundas Real McCoys in the MLH.	Mike Lankshear	Dundas Real McCoys
member of sports team	Doug Betters (born June 11, 1956) is an American football player who played defensive end for the Miami Dolphins from 1978 to 1987.	Doug Betters	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	Anton Blomqvist (born March 7, 1990) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the IK Oskarshamn in the HockeyAllsvenskan (Swe.1).	Anton Blomqvist	IK Oskarshamn
member of sports team	Madeleine Garrick (born 1 April 1992) is an Australian basketball player who has competed for Australian Institute of Sport in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).	Madeleine Garrick	Australian Institute of Sport
member of sports team	Vitaliy Hrytsay (Ukrainian: Віталій Леонідович Грицай; born 20 January 1991 in Horodysche, Cherkasy Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian footballer who plays for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League.	Vitaliy Hrytsay	FC Lviv
member of sports team	Fiorenzo Chatrer (born October 1, 1987 in Breda) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eerste Divisie club FC Oss during the 2006-2007 football season.	Fiorenzo Chatrer	FC Oss
member of sports team	Jack Conan (born 29 July 1992) is an Irish rugby union player for Leinster Rugby.	Jack Conan	Leinster Rugby
member of sports team	Allen Pinkett (born January 25, 1964) is a former professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the Houston Oilers.	Allen Pinkett	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Jorge Perona García (born 1 April 1982 in Enguera, Valencian Community) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Eldense as a forward.	Jorge Perona	CD Eldense
member of sports team	Michel Mondeguer (born on November 24, 1988 in Kinshasa) is a Democratic Republic of the Congo professional football player, who currently plays for USM Alger.	Michel Mondeguer	USM Alger
member of sports team	Antonio Franco Florensa (25 October 1911 -- 30 June 1996) was a Spanish professional football player and manager associated with Espanyol, FC Barcelona and Lleida.	Antonio Franco Florensa	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	He previously played at Wigan, Featherstone Rovers and Dewsbury Rams.and Most notably Batley Bulldogs where he became a fans favourite and playing 254 games Danny Maun's usual position is centre.	Danny Maun	Batley Bulldogs
member of sports team	David Doherty (born 28 January 1987 in Leeds, Yorkshire, England) is a rugby union player for the Leeds Carnegie in the RFU Championship.	David Doherty	Leeds Carnegie
member of sports team	Lew Han Hung is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Malaysia Premier League team Penang FA as a defender.	Lew Han Hung	Penang FA
member of sports team	Volodymyr Kostevych (Ukrainian: Володимир Євгенович Костевич; born 29 October 1992 in Derevnya, Zhovkva Raion) is a Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League.	Volodymyr Kostevych	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Carlos Daniel Hidalgo Cadena (born January 25, 1986) is a Colombian football (soccer) striker who recently played for Atlético Bucaramanga.	Carlos Daniel Hidalgo	Atlético Bucaramanga
member of sports team	Niklas Storbacka (born 20 February 1977) is a Finnish footballer, who currently represents FF Jaro of Veikkausliiga, the Finnish premier division of football.	Niklas Storbacka	FF Jaro
member of sports team	Steve DaSilva (born February 10, 1987 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian ice hockey player who currently plays for the Lloydminster Border Kings of the Chinook Hockey League.	Steve DaSilva	Lloydminster Border Kings
member of sports team	Albert Dorca Masó (born 23 December 1982 in Olot, Girona, Catalonia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza as a central midfielder.	Albert Dorca	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Ismayil Mammadov (born on 5 August 1976) is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays for FK Karvan.	Ismayil Mammadov	FK Karvan
member of sports team	Juan Ignacio Dinenno is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Aldosivi, on loan from Racing.	Juan Ignacio Dinenno	Aldosivi
member of sports team	Katja Trödthandl (born 18 May 1989) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a midfielder for SV Neulengbach and the Austria national team.	Katja Trödthandl	SV Neulengbach
member of sports team	Laurindo António Leal Tavares (born 15 June 1982 in Lisbon), known simply as Laurindo, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Mafra as a midfielder.	Laurindo António Leal Tavares	C.D. Mafra
member of sports team	Valmir Sulejmani (born 1 February 1996) is a Kosovar professional footballer of Albanian ethnicity born in Germany who plays as a midfielder for Hannover 96.	Valmir Sulejmani	Hannover 96
member of sports team	Faysel Kasmi (31 October 1995) is a Belgian professional football player who currently plays for AC Omonia on loan from Lierse.	Faysel Kasmi	AC Omonia
member of sports team	Samir Zaoui (born June 3, 1976 in Aïn Boucif, Algeria) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Championnat National.	Samir Zaoui	ASO Chlef
member of sports team	Heorhiy Buschan (Ukrainian: Георгій Миколайович Бущан; born 31 May 1994 in Odessa), is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Heorhiy Buschan	FC Dynamo Kyiv
member of sports team	Graham Kitchener (born 29 September 1989 in Bromley) is an English rugby union player for Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership.	Graham Kitchener	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Jessie Clark (born January 3, 1960 in Thebes, Arkansas) is a former professional American football player who played running back for eight seasons for the Green Bay Packers, Detroit Lions, Arizona Cardinals, and Minnesota Vikings.	Jessie Clark	Green Bay Packers	Detroit Lions	Arizona Cardinals	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Ralf Weber started playing football in 1974 at SpVgg Hainstadt before moving to Kickers Offenbach in 1982.	Ralf Weber	Kickers Offenbach
member of sports team	Justin Sadler, born October 29, 1982 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, is a U.S. soccer midfielder who last played for USL Second Division side Harrisburg City Islanders.	Justin Sadler	Harrisburg City Islanders
member of sports team	Bojan Sanković (Cyrillic: Бојан Санковић; born 21 November 1993) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Újpest FC.	Bojan Sanković	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Edward Dewayne Douglas (December 22, 1931 -- April 11, 2000) was an American football offensive tackle who played one season with the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL).	Dewayne Douglas	New York Giants
member of sports team	Peter Daicos (born 20 September 1961 in Fitzroy, Victoria) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played his entire 250 game career with the Collingwood Football Club in the VFL/AFL.	Peter Daicos	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Cynthia Uwak (born 15 July 1986 in Akwa Ibom State) is a Nigerian football striker who currently plays for Åland United in the Women's League in Finland.	Cynthia Uwak	Åland United
member of sports team	Kosei Shibasaki (柴崎 晃誠, born August 28, 1984 in Nagasaki) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima in the J. League Division 1.	Kosei Shibasaki	Sanfrecce Hiroshima
member of sports team	Eldorbek Suyunov (born 12 April 1991) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for Nasaf Qarshi and Uzbekistan national football team.	Eldorbek Suyunov	Nasaf Qarshi
member of sports team	Fernando Gómez Herrera (born 26 February 1984), commonly known as Nando, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Jaén as a left back.	Fernando Gómez Herrera	Real Jaén
member of sports team	Peter Barinka is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HKm Zvolen in the Slovak Extraliga.	Peter Barinka	HKm Zvolen
member of sports team	Ryan Kinasewich (born August 20, 1983) is a Croatian-Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with Dornbirner EC, in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Ryan Kinasewich	Dornbirner EC
member of sports team	Charis Drakos (born 12 May 1989) is a Cypriot football player currently playing for Digenis Akritas Morphou in the Cypriot Second Division.	Charis Drakos	Digenis Akritas Morphou
member of sports team	Jerry Jensen (born February 26, 1975) is a former American football linebacker who played two seasons in the National Football League for the Carolina Panthers.	Jerry Jensen	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Dominik Kružliak (born 10 July 1996) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MFK Ružomberok as a defender.	Dominik Kružliak	MFK Ružomberok
member of sports team	Max Ferdinand (born November 4, 1986) is a Haitian footballer currently playing for Baltimore Blast in the Major Arena Soccer League.	Max Ferdinand	Baltimore Blast
member of sports team	Dušan Galis (born 24 November 1949) is a Slovak politician, a former Czechoslovak football player and a former manager of ŠK Slovan Bratislava.	Dušan Galis	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Juan Manuel Quevedo (born November 15, 1983 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine Association Football Midfielder currently playing for Club Almagro in Argentina.	Juan Manuel Quevedo	Club Almagro
member of sports team	In late June 2006, Riki moved to Deportivo de La Coruña on a five-year contract.	Riki	Deportivo de La Coruña
member of sports team	Youssef Rabeh (Arabic: يوسف رابح‎; born 13 April 1985 in Rabat) is a Moroccan football player, who is currently playing for Wydad Casablanca.	Youssef Rabeh	Wydad Casablanca
member of sports team	Kelvin Ponde is a Montserratian footballer who plays for Ideal SC in the Montserrat Championship.	Kelvin Ponde	Ideal SC
member of sports team	Claudio Matías Mirabaje Correa (born March 6, 1989 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing as an attacking midfielder for Juventud de Las Piedras in the Uruguayan Primera División.	Matías Mirabaje	Juventud de Las Piedras
member of sports team	Safar Sardar (born 17 May 1989 in Kolkata, West Bengal) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for Mohun Bagan A.C. in the I-League and Calcutta Premier Division.	Safar Sardar	Mohun Bagan A.C.
member of sports team	Félix Paredes (born 25 April 1985 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Deportes Copiapó of the Primera B Chilena.	Félix Paredes	Deportes Copiapó
member of sports team	Ákos Füzi dr. (born 24 March 1978) is a retired Hungarian football player who currently works as a club manager for Újpest FC.	Ákos Füzi	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Mohd Hazwan Zainun (born 31 December 1987 in Kedah) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Perlis FA.	Mohd Hazwan Zainun	Perlis FA
member of sports team	Zakaria El Hachimi is a Moroccan professional footballer, who plays as a Defender for Raja Casablanca.	Zakaria El Hachimi	Raja Casablanca
member of sports team	Jiří Polák (born August 10, 1977) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing in Slovakia with HK Nitra of the Slovak Extraliga.	Jiří Polák	HK Nitra
member of sports team	Dougie Fife (born 8 August 1990) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh Rugby in the RaboDirect Pro12.	Dougie Fife	Edinburgh Rugby
member of sports team	Steffan Cook (born 20 December 1989 in Carmarthen) is a Welsh footballer who plays as a defender, currently for Ammanford A.F.C.	Steffan Cook	Ammanford A.F.C.
member of sports team	Mojmír Trebuňák (born 30 January 1993 in Košice) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club MFK Košice.	Mojmír Trebuňák	MFK Košice
member of sports team	Ivan Trubochkin (Ukrainian: Іван Валерійович Трубочкін; born 17 March 1993 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv in the Ukrainian First League.	Ivan Trubochkin	FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
member of sports team	Winston Bakboord (born December 24, 1971 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eerste Divisie league debut during the 1992-1993 season with club SBV Excelsior.	Winston Bakboord	SBV Excelsior
member of sports team	Blake Parlett (born May 13, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently contracted to the KHL Medveščak Zagreb of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Blake Parlett	KHL Medveščak
member of sports team	Darren Garforth (born 9 April 1966) is a former international rugby union footballer who played tighthead prop for Leicester Tigers and England.	Darren Garforth	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Jonas Langmann (born December 22, 1991 in Bad Kissingen) is a German professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (German Ice Hockey League).	Jonas Langmann	Hamburg Freezers
member of sports team	Al Campana is a former professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the Chicago Bears and Chicago Cardinals.	Al Campana	Chicago Bears	Chicago Cardinals
member of sports team	Thankgod Amaefule (born December 16, 1992 in Port Harcourt) is a Nigerian footballer currently playing for Heartland F.C.- Amaefule joined Dolphins F.C. in the summer of 2007, after playing several seasons in Poland and Greece, including Veria FC in the Greek second level.	Thankgod Amaefule	Heartland F.C.	Dolphins F.C.
member of sports team	Rupert Pate (September 6, 1917 - May 20, 2014) was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Chicago Cardinals and Philadelphia Eagles.	Rupert Pate	Chicago Cardinals	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Germán Beltrán Juarez (born 26 October 1979 in Alcañiz, Teruel, Aragon) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Club Portugalete as a forward.	Germán Beltrán	Club Portugalete
member of sports team	Zsolt Sebők (born 3 April 1979) is a Hungarian football goalkeeper who plays for Gyirmót SE in the Nemzeti Bajnokság II. He formerly played for Győri ETO FC and Videoton FC.	Zsolt Sebők	Gyirmót SE
member of sports team	Mart Ristl (born 7 July 1996) is a German footballer who plays as a Midfielder for VfB Stuttgart.	Mart Ristl	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Luis Robles (born May 11, 1984) is an American soccer goalkeeper who currently plays for New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer.	Luis Robles	New York Red Bulls
member of sports team	Tobias Damm (born 30 October 1983 in Homberg (Efze), Hesse) is a German footballer plays for KSV Hessen Kassel.	Tobias Damm	KSV Hessen Kassel
member of sports team	Štěpán Kučera (born 11 June 1984 in Prague) is a Czech footballer who plays as a defender for FC Tobol in Kazakhstan Premier League.	Štěpán Kučera	FC Tobol
member of sports team	Mohammad Naeem Rahimi (born April 4, 1994) is an Australian Midfielder that currently plays for Tampines Rovers FC in Singapore SuperLeague.	Mohammad Naeem Rahimi	Tampines Rovers FC
member of sports team	Norm Stoneburgh (born March 31, 1935 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former all-star center who played thirteen seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Toronto Argonauts.	Norm Stoneburgh	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Rod Lewis (born 16 June 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented the Fitzroy Football Club and the North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Rod Lewis	Fitzroy Football Club	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Greg Primus (born October 20, 1970 in Denver, Colorado) is a former American football player for the Chicago Bears of the NFL.	Greg Primus	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Klæmint Matras (born on 20 May 1981 in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands) is a retired football midfielder that spent his entire career with B36 Tórshavn in the Faroe Islands Premier League.	Klæmint Matras	B36 Tórshavn
member of sports team	Jacek Kuranty (born February 6, 1978 in Tarnobrzeg) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Siarka Tarnobrzeg He was a popular player in Poland .	Jacek Kuranty	Siarka Tarnobrzeg
member of sports team	Đorđe Čotra (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђopђe Чoтpa ; born 13 September 1984 in Benkovac) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Zagłębie Lubin in the Ekstraklasa.	Đorđe Čotra	Zagłębie Lubin
member of sports team	Alan Finney (born 31 October 1933) is a former footballer who played for Sheffield Wednesday and Doncaster Rovers, featuring in over 500 games during his time at Hillsborough and the consistency of his performances made a popular member of the team among the Club's supporters.	Alan Finney	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	West Cenaj (born 30 October 1994 in Pukë) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	West Cenaj	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Vladimir Malenkikh (born October 1, 1980) is a defenceman currently playing for Metallurg Magnitogorsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Vladimir Malenkikh	Metallurg Magnitogorsk
member of sports team	Carlos Nvomo Mangue (born 13 May 1983 in Bata) is an Equatoguinean football midfielder, who plays for Deportivo Mongomo in the First Division.	Carlos Nvomo	Deportivo Mongomo
member of sports team	Clayton Holmes (born August 23, 1969 in Florence, South Carolina) is a former professional American football player who was drafted in the third round of the 1992 NFL draft and played cornerback for four seasons for the Dallas Cowboys.	Clayton Holmes	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Thomas Tuchel (German pronunciation: (ˈtʰoːmas ˈtʊxəl); born 29 August 1973) is a German retired footballer and the current head coach of Borussia Dortmund.	Thomas Tuchel	Borussia Dortmund
member of sports team	Alexei Yakhin (born March 26, 1984) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for HC Spartak Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Alexei Yakhin	HC Spartak Moscow
member of sports team	Igor Arsenijević (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Арсенијевић; born 29 May 1986 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football midfielder who is currently playing for Landskrona BoIS.	Igor Arsenijević	Landskrona BoIS
member of sports team	Ousmane N'Gom Camara (born May 26, 1975 in Conakry) is a Guinean football player, who plays for AS Kaloum Star.	Ousmane N'Gom Camara	AS Kaloum Star
member of sports team	Dario Dainelli (born 9 June 1979 in Pontedera, Province of Pisa) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club A.C. Chievo Verona.	Dario Dainelli	A.C. Chievo Verona
member of sports team	Rodrigo Hernández Cascante (born 22 June 1996), commonly known as Rodri, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF B as a central midfielder.	Rodrigo Hernández Cascante	Villarreal CF B
member of sports team	Jermaine McGillvary is a professional rugby league footballer, currently playing at Huddersfield Giants in the Super League.	Jermaine McGillvary	Huddersfield Giants
member of sports team	Don McNeal (born May 6, 1958) is a former American professional football player who played cornerback for the Miami Dolphins in the 1980s.	Don McNeal	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	Roy Quinn (18 June 1919 -- 25 May 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 1943 to 1944 for the Richmond Football Club and then from 1945 until 1946 for the North Melbourne Football Club.	Roy Quinn	Richmond Football Club	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Lennart Alexandersson (born 31 March 1947) is a Swedish former football player who played for Halmstads BK in the 1960s and 1970s.	Lennart Alexandersson	Halmstads BK
member of sports team	Oleksiy Hutsulyak (Ukrainian: Олексій Олександрович Гуцуляк; born 25 December 1997 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksiy Hutsulyak	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Tommy Goulden (born 30 June 1981) is a rugby league player, who currently plays for Leigh Centurions.	Tommy Goulden	Leigh Centurions
member of sports team	Gareth Hewitt (born 14 September 1976 ) is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Scotland, and at club level for Leeds Rhinos, Salford City Reds, Sheffield Eagles, and Keighley Cougars, as a Centre.	Gareth Hewitt	Leeds Rhinos	Sheffield Eagles	Keighley Cougars
member of sports team	Sergey Erzrumyan (born on 22 November 1980), is an Armenian football midfielder, currently with Armenian First League club Alashkert Martuni.	Sergey Erzrumyan	Alashkert Martuni
member of sports team	Abassin Alikhil (born 19 April 1991) is an Afghan footballer who plays a defender for Viktoria Aschaffenburg.	Abassin Alikhil	Viktoria Aschaffenburg
member of sports team	Boris Babacar Diaw-Riffiod, better known as Boris Diaw (born April 16, 1982), is a French professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Boris Diaw	San Antonio Spurs
member of sports team	Olandis Gary (born May 18, 1975 in Washington, D.C.) is a former American football running back who played for the Denver Broncos from 1999 to 2002 and the Detroit Lions from 2003 to 2004.	Olandis Gary	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Wim Tap (3 October 1903 -- 24 September 1979) was a Dutch footballer who played club football for ADO Den Haag.	Wim Tap	ADO Den Haag
member of sports team	Bill Swain is a former linebacker for the Los Angeles Rams, Minnesota Vikings, New York Giants and Detroit Lions between 1963 and 1969.	Bill Swain	Los Angeles Rams	Minnesota Vikings	New York Giants
member of sports team	Ahmet Engin (born 9 August 1996) is a German football player who currently plays as a left winger for MSV Duisburg.	Ahmet Engin	MSV Duisburg
member of sports team	Francesco Belli (born 13 March 1994 in Florence) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Virtus Entella as a defender.	Francesco Belli	Virtus Entella
member of sports team	Arkadi Halperin (Russian: Аркадий Борисович Гальперин; born 21 May 1992) is a Russian professional association football player currently playing for FC Academia Chișinău.	Arkadi Halperin	FC Academia Chișinău
member of sports team	Bimal Minj (born 4 June 1988, in Jharkhand) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for ONGC F.C. in the I-League.	Bimal Minj	ONGC F.C.
member of sports team	Leandro Gastón Sirino (born February 22, 1991 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is an Uruguayan footballer currently playing for San Luis de Quillota of the Primera División B in Chile.	Gastón Sirino	San Luis de Quillota
member of sports team	Martin Koopman (born June 5, 1956 in Wezep, Gelderland) is a former football midfielder from the Netherlands, who played for Go Ahead Eagles, FC Twente and Cambuur Leeuwarden.	Martin Koopman	Go Ahead Eagles	FC Twente
member of sports team	László Bartha (born 9 February 1987 in Komló) is a Hungarian football player who currently Paksi SE.	László Bartha	Paksi SE
member of sports team	Mihály Korhut (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmihaːj ˈkorhut); born 1 December 1988 in Miskolc) is a Hungarian football (defender) player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC.	Mihály Korhut	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Émilie Trimoreau is a French football defender currently playing for FCF Juvisy in the French First Division.	Émilie Trimoreau	FCF Juvisy
member of sports team	Aled Brew (born 9 August 1986) is a Wales international rugby union player who plays as a winger for Newport Gwent Dragons.	Aled Brew	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Dan Watchurst (born 15 March 1990, Bristol) is a former Welsh rugby union player for Newport RFC and the Newport Gwent Dragons.	Dan Watchurst	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Marco Antonio Pogioli, known as Marco (born 6 September 1975) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played in Finland for FC Jazz, FC Haka and KuPS Kuopio.	Marco Antonio Pogioli	FC Jazz
member of sports team	Andrzej Szczypkowski (born November 10, 1971) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) - the captain of Zagłębie Lubin.	Andrzej Szczypkowski	Zagłębie Lubin
member of sports team	Daryl Turner is a former professional American football player that played wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks in the National Football League for four years.	Daryl Turner	Seattle Seahawks
member of sports team	Ertuğrul Ersoy (born 13 February 1997) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor on loan from Bursaspor.	Ertuğrul Ersoy	Bursaspor
member of sports team	Juan Carlos Sanhueza Gómez (born May 17, 1989 in Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Ñublense of the Primera División B in Chile.	Juan Carlos Sanhueza	Ñublense
member of sports team	George Willis Hudlin (May 23, 1906 -- August 5, 2002) was born in Wagoner, Oklahoma, and was a Major League Baseball pitcher for, most notably, the Cleveland Indians from 1926 to 1940.	Willis Hudlin	Cleveland Indians
member of sports team	Kurt Schmied (14 June 1926 -- 9 December 2007) was a goalkeeper for First Vienna FC and Austria national football team.	Kurt Schmied	First Vienna FC
member of sports team	Mihai Țurcan (born 20 August 1989, Bălți, Moldova) is a Moldavian football Forward who plays for FC Veris.	Mihai Țurcan	FC Veris
member of sports team	Frédérik Cabana (born May 16, 1986 in Fleurimont, Quebec) is a professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Frédérik Cabana	Hamburg Freezers
member of sports team	Ignacio Drago started career out with Unión Huaral in 2005.	Ignacio Drago	Unión Huaral
member of sports team	Olivier Jäckle (born 7 July 1993) is a Swiss-German footballer, who currently plays for FC Aarau in the Challenge League.	Olivier Jäckle	FC Aarau
member of sports team	Petar Zlatkov (born 3 May 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer currently (as of May 2012) playing for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra as a forward.	Petar Zlatkov	PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
member of sports team	Bart van Muyen (born 19 December 1982 in Rotterdam) is a former Dutch professional footballer who played during his career as a defender for FC Dordrecht and FC Oss in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Bart van Muyen	FC Dordrecht	FC Oss
member of sports team	Kristian Kuusela (born 19 February 1983) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player (right wing) currently playing for Tappara of the Finnish Liiga.	Kristian Kuusela	Tappara
member of sports team	Dmytro Bezruk (Ukrainian: Дмитро Андрійович Безрук; born 30 March 1996 in Velykyi Dalnyk, Odesa Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Dmytro Bezruk	FC Chornomorets Odesa
member of sports team	Dragica Cepernić is a Croatian football defender currently playing in the Croatian 1st Division for ŽNK Osijek, with whom she has also played the Champions League.	Dragica Cepernić	ŽNK Osijek
member of sports team	Jimmy Maurer (born October 14, 1988 in Lawrenceville, Georgia) is an American soccer player who plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League.	Jimmy Maurer	New York Cosmos
member of sports team	Louis A. Mackey (born December 29, 1977 in Richmond, California) is a former American football Linebacker who played for the Dallas Cowboys in the National Football League.	Louis A. Mackey	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Jim Marthinsen (born 15 April 1956) is a retired Norwegian ice hockey goaltender, who played for the club Vålerenga Ishockey and for the Norwegian national team.	Jim Marthinsen	Vålerenga Ishockey
member of sports team	Yehor Kartushov (Ukrainian: Єгор Олександрович Картушов; born 5 January 1991 in Saky, Crimea, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian footballer currently who is currently playing for FC Desna Chernihiv.	Yehor Kartushov	FC Desna Chernihiv
member of sports team	Martyn Holland ( 21 March 1977 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats (Heritage #1098), as a Fullback.	Martyn Holland	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Per Staffan Kronwall (born September 10, 1982) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently serving as captain for Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Staffan Kronwall	Lokomotiv Yaroslavl
member of sports team	Zoe Hickel (born July 10, 1992) is an American women's ice hockey player that competed with the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey program in NCAA competition.	Zoe Hickel	Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey
member of sports team	Angus Litherland (born 12 October 1992) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Angus Litherland	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Pär Zetterberg (pronounced (ˈpæː ˈʂɛttɛrˈbærj); born 14 October 1970) is a Swedish former football midfielder, who played most of his career for R.S.C. Anderlecht.	Pär Zetterberg	R.S.C. Anderlecht
member of sports team	Shamweel Qasim (sometimes rendered Shamweel) is a Maldivian footballer nicknamed ``Bonda'', who plays as midfielder for New Radiant SC.	Shamweel Qasim	New Radiant SC
member of sports team	Yannick Bru (born 22 May 1973 in Auch, Gers) is a French rugby union coach and former footballer, currently serving as forwards coach at Stade Toulousain in the elite level of French rugby, the Top 14.	Yannick Bru	Stade Toulousain
member of sports team	Zaid Jaber (born January 6, 1991) is a Jordanian football player who plays as an Defender for Al-Yarmouk FC.	Zaid Jaber	Al-Yarmouk FC
member of sports team	Blessing Makunike started his career in 1997 playing for Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League club CAPS United F.C., where he played until the end of the 2002 season.	Blessing Makunike	CAPS United F.C.
member of sports team	Denys Rebryk (Ukrainian: Денис Ребрик; born 4 April 1985 in Uzhhorod) is a Ukrainian footballer currently under contract for Hungarian side Ceglédi VSE.	Denys Rebryk	Ceglédi VSE
member of sports team	Taulant Kuqi (born 11 November 1985 in Vlorë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Albanian club Flamurtari Vlorë in Albanian Superliga as a midfielder.	Taulant Kuqi	Flamurtari Vlorë
member of sports team	Simon Irving (born 22 March 1967 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Leeds, Keighley Cougars, and Doncaster, as a Centre.	Simon Irving	Keighley Cougars
member of sports team	Lucky Lekgwathi (born 1 August 1976 in Ga-Rankuwa, Gauteng) is a South African football defender for Orlando Pirates and South Africa.	Lucky Lekgwathi	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Harrison Kennedy (born on October 15, 1989) in Monrovia) is an Liberian footballer, who is currently playing for Mark Professionals.	Harrison Kennedy	Mark Professionals
member of sports team	Ivan Kozák (born 18 June 1970) is a former Slovak footballer who played for FK Dukla Banská Bystrica, 1.	Ivan Kozák	FK Dukla Banská Bystrica
member of sports team	Jyrki Saranpää (born 30 August 1983) is a Finnish football player who plays for Veikkausliiga side Vaasan Palloseura.	Jyrki Saranpää	Vaasan Palloseura
member of sports team	Georgi Kovachev (Bulgarian: Георги Ковачев) (born 24 February 1980) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Septemvri Simitli as a midfielder.	Georgi Kovachev	Septemvri Simitli
member of sports team	Francis Morton (born 11 March 1992) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a left-back for Ebusua Dwarfs in the Ghana Football Leagues.	Francis Morton	Ebusua Dwarfs
member of sports team	Nader Ghandri (born February 15, 1995) is a Tunisian footballer who plays for Club Africain and the Tunisia national under-23 football team.	Nader Ghandri	Club Africain
member of sports team	Gene Cross (born December 20, 1971) is an American professional basketball coach, currently an assistant coach of the Reno Bighorns of the NBA Development League, affiliate of the Sacramento Kings.	Gene Cross	Reno Bighorns
member of sports team	Fabio Bertoli (born 20 August 1996) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Brescia Calcio as a midfielder.	Fabio Bertoli	Brescia Calcio
member of sports team	Tarik Glenn (born May 25, 1976) is a former American football offensive tackle who played for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL).	Tarik Glenn	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	Luis Fernando Furtado de Oliveira (born 29 November 1990), commonly known as Bolinha, is a Brazilian football midfielder who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce, on loan from FK Senica.	Bolinha	FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce
member of sports team	Marcos Ferreira Xavier (Azerbaijani: Markos Ferrera Xave; born 18 February 1982 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian-Azerbaijani football midfielder whose last known club was FK Karvan in the Azerbaijan Premier League.	Marcos Ferreira Xavier	FK Karvan
member of sports team	René Monteagudo Miranda (March 12, 1916 -- September 14, 1973) was a Major League Baseball pitcher and outfielder who played with the Washington Senators (1938, 1940, 1944) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945).	René Monteagudo	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Gaetano Carrieri (born 10 March 1988) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Lega Pro Seconda Divisione club Cosenza Calcio.	Gaetano Carrieri	Cosenza Calcio
member of sports team	Karim Hendou, also known as Karim Khendu, (Arabic: كريم هندو‎, Ukrainian: Карім Хенду) (born May 27, 1986 in Algiers) is an Algerian footballer who plays for USM El Harrach in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Karim Hendou	USM El Harrach
member of sports team	Shaka Bangura (born February 9, 1986 in Kissy) is a Sierra Leonean footballer who currently playing for Atlanta Silverbacks in the North American Soccer League.	Shaka Bangura	Atlanta Silverbacks
member of sports team	Yoann Chauvière (born 16 April 1987) is a professional ice hockey Centre currently playing for Dauphins d'Épinal of the Ligue Magnus.	Yoann Chauvière	Dauphins d'Épinal
member of sports team	Alessandro Caparco (born 7 September 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Romanian CSM Studențesc Iași as a goalkeeper.	Alessandro Caparco	CSM Studențesc Iași
member of sports team	Mateusz Kwiatkowski is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Ruch Chorzów in the Polish Ekstraklasa.	Mateusz Kwiatkowski	Ruch Chorzów
member of sports team	Ibrahim Rachidi (born 13 January 1980) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 club Gazélec Ajaccio.	Ibrahim Rachidi	Gazélec Ajaccio
member of sports team	Azem Mullaliu (born in Kavajë) is a retired Albanian footballer who played as a defender for Besa Kavajë in the Albanian Superliga during the 1970s.	Azem Mullaliu	Besa Kavajë
member of sports team	Rivaldo Vítor Borba Ferreira (born 19 April 1972), known as Rivaldo (Brazilian Portuguese: (ʁiˈvawdu)), is a Brazilian former professional footballer and the current president of Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube in Brazil.	Rivaldo	Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube
member of sports team	Roger Hägglund (2 July 1961 -- 6 June 1992) was a professional ice hockey defenceman who played three games for the Quebec Nordiques of the National Hockey League in 1984--85.	Roger Hägglund	Quebec Nordiques
member of sports team	Óscar García Guerrero (born 12 July 1988 in Granada, Andalusia), known simply as Óscar, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Norwegian club Raufoss IL as a striker.	Óscar García Guerrero	Raufoss IL
member of sports team	Ármann Smári Björnsson (born 7 January 1981 in Höfn) is an Icelandic footballer currently playing for Íþróttabandalag Akraness.	Ármann Smári Björnsson	Íþróttabandalag Akraness
member of sports team	Martin Gambles is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing representative level for Ireland, and at club level for Gateshead Thunder, Chorley Lynx and Blackpool Panthers.	Martin Gambles	Gateshead Thunder	Blackpool Panthers
member of sports team	Paolo Bugas is a Filipino footballer who plays for Global F.C. and the Philippines national football team.	Paolo Bugas	Global F.C.
member of sports team	Madina Zhanatayeva (born 3 May 1991) is a Kazakhstani women's football midfielder currently playing for BIIK Kazygurt.	Madina Zhanatayeva	BIIK Kazygurt
member of sports team	Khodor Salame (Arabic: خضر سلامة‎), (born January 1, 1984) is a Lebanese footballer who currently plays for Al-Safa' SC .	Khodor Salame	Al-Safa' SC
member of sports team	Frank Ferrara, Jr. (born November 7, 1975) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League, playing three years for the New York Giants and Philadelphia Eagles.	Frank Ferrara	New York Giants	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Kevin Huber (born July 16, 1985) is an American football punter for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL).	Kevin Huber	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Elis Meetua is an Estonian football goalkeeper currently playing in the Meistriliiga for Pärnu JK, with whom she has also played the Champions League.	Elis Meetua	Pärnu JK
member of sports team	Renan Foguinho is a Brazilian footballer (born on October 9, 1989 in Londrina, Paraná. Play in the defensive midfielder position. He currently plays for Adanaspor.	Renan Foguinho	Adanaspor
member of sports team	Gaël Angoula (born 18 July 1982 in Le Havre) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Angers SCO in Ligue 2.	Gaël Angoula	Angers SCO
member of sports team	Caroline Graham Hansen (born 18 February 1995) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a winger for German Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg and the Norway women's national football team.	Caroline Graham Hansen	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Curtis Granderson, Jr. (born March 16, 1981) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Curtis Granderson	New York Mets
member of sports team	Henri Kiviaho (born February 26, 1994) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender currently playing with the Ilves Tampere of the Finnish Liiga as a prospect of the Dallas Stars in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Henri Kiviaho	Dallas Stars
member of sports team	Isâad Bourahli (born March 23, 1974 in Setif, Algeria) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for USM Alger in the Algerian league.	Isâad Bourahli	USM Alger
member of sports team	Already at the age of six Steffen Kielstrup joined Vejle Boldklub and played all his youth years in the club.	Steffen Kielstrup	Vejle Boldklub
member of sports team	Ole Avei (born 13 June 1983 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a Samoan International Rugby Union player, currently playing hooker with the Union Bordeaux Bègles in the French Top 14.	Ole Avei	Union Bordeaux Bègles
member of sports team	Lonnie Wright (January 23, 1945 -- March 23, 2012) was an American professional basketball and football player who played in the same season for the Denver Rockets of the American Basketball Association and the Denver Broncos of the American Football League before switching to basketball on a full-time basis.	Lonnie Wright	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Jovan Ninković (Serbian: Јована Нинковић; born July 25, 1987 in Novi Sad) is a Serbian professional football player who currently plays for Zagłębie Sosnowiec.	Jovan Ninković	Zagłębie Sosnowiec
member of sports team	Eric Fotou Kamdem (born 2 January 1986) is a Cameroon-born footballer who has played for the Thai side BEC Tero Sasana F.C. since February 2008.	Eric Fotou Kamdem	BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
member of sports team	Hubert Max Lanier (August 18, 1915 -- January 30, 2007) was an American left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who spent most of his career with the St. Louis Cardinals.	Max Lanier	St. Louis Cardinals
member of sports team	Vanja Milinković-Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вања Милинковић-Савић; born 20 February 1997) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Polish club Lechia Gdańsk.	Vanja Milinković-Savić	Lechia Gdańsk
member of sports team	Park Tae-soo (Hangul: 박태수; born 1 December 1989) is a South Korean football Defender, who plays for FC Anyang in the K League Challenge.	Park Tae-soo	FC Anyang
member of sports team	Juan Carlos Unzué Labiano (born 22 April 1967) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and the current assistant manager of FC Barcelona.	Juan Carlos Unzué	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Romain Rambier (born August 29, 1981 in Montpellier) is a French professional football player, who currently plays for AS Cannes.	Romain Rambier	AS Cannes
member of sports team	Kensuke Fukuda (福田 健介, born 24 July 1984 in Shizuoka) is a Japanese football player who since 2007 has played defense for Ventforet Kofu.	Kensuke Fukuda	Ventforet Kofu
member of sports team	Lionel Pizzinat (born 8 August 1977 in Vernier) is a Swiss footballer who spent most of his playing career at Servette FC.	Lionel Pizzinat	Servette FC
member of sports team	Oscar Roberto Cornejo ``Toto'' Hernandez (born 13 March 1983 in Santa Rosa, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer who plays for his hometown team Club Atlético Santa Rosa.	Oscar Roberto Cornejo	Atlético Santa Rosa
member of sports team	Thomas Flath (born 30 June 1964 in Düsseldorf) is a German football player and manager, who is head coach of Borussia Mönchengladbach U17.	Thomas Flath	Borussia Mönchengladbach
member of sports team	Daniel Patrick Höhl (born 25 December 1985) is a Danish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Hvidovre Ligahockey.	Daniel Patrick Höhl	Hvidovre Ligahockey
member of sports team	Roman Marych (Ukrainian: Роман Ростиславович Марич; born 17 July 1977) is a former Ukrainian football striker, and currently assistant coach of FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League.	Roman Marych	FC Lviv
member of sports team	Richard de Carpentier is a young backrow forward playing for the Worcester Warriors club in his second professional contract.	Richard de Carpentier	Worcester Warriors
member of sports team	Fauzal Mubaraq is an Indonesian footballer who plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League as a goalkeeper.	Fauzal Mubaraq	PSPS Pekanbaru
member of sports team	Eduardo Alejandro López (Spanish pronunciation: (eˈðwarðo aleˈxandro ˈlopeθ), born 16 June 1989) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a left back and currently is a Cobresal.	Eduardo Alejandro López	Cobresal
member of sports team	Ray Staszak (born December 1, 1962 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings.	Ray Staszak	Detroit Red Wings
member of sports team	Choi Duck-joo (Hangul: 최덕주, born 3 January 1960) is a South Korea football former player, coach and current manager of Daegu FC.	Choi Duck-joo	Daegu FC
member of sports team	Roald van Hout (born 23 April 1988 in Waddinxveen) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger for Eerste Divisie club FC Eindhoven.	Roald van Hout	FC Eindhoven
member of sports team	Zvjezdan Misimović (Serbian Cyrillic: Звјездан Мисимовић, Bosnian pronunciation: (zʋjězdan misǐːmoʋit͡ɕ); born 5 June 1982) is a Bosnian professional footballer, who most notably played for Bayern Munich, VfL Wolfsburg, Galatasaray and Dynamo Moscow as an attacking midfielder, during his active playing career.	Zvjezdan Misimović	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Patrick Ochs (born 14 May 1984) is a German footballer who currently is a free agent and most recently served VfL Wolfsburg.	Patrick Ochs	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Rovan Pereira (born 17 November 1982) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Defender for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I-League.	Rovan Pereira	Sporting Clube de Goa
member of sports team	Éric Sabin (born 22 August 1974 in Sarcelles, Val-d'Oise) is a French-born Martiniquais professional footballer, who currently plays for Nîmes Olympique.	Éric Sabin	Nîmes Olympique
member of sports team	Mouritz Botha (born 29 January 1982) is a rugby union player who plays for the Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership.	Mouritz Botha	Newcastle Falcons
member of sports team	Walter Risse (2 December 1893 -- 16 June 1969) was a German international footballer who played for Düsseldorfer SC 99 and Hamburger SV.	Walter Risse	Hamburger SV
mother	George Vishnu, the son of former Tamil actor Ravichandran and Malayalam actress Sheela, was chosen by producer Bhaskar to debut in a film titled Kadhal Rojavae in 1997.	George Vishnu	Sheela
mother	Hesiod's Theogony identifies Horkos as the son of Eris (``strife'') and brother of various tribulations:	Horkos	Eris
mother	Abhimanyu (Sanskrit: अभिमन्यु) was the son of Arjuna and Subhadra.	Abhimanyu	Subhadra
mother	Princess Olga, Duchess of Apulia (née: Princess Olga Isabelle of Greece, Greek: Πριγκίπισσα Όλγα της Ελλάδας; born 17 November 1971) is the daughter of author Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark and his wife, Marina Karella, an artist and daughter of the Greek business magnate Theodore Karella.	Princess Olga, Duchess of Apulia	Marina Karella
mother	Rasolo's mother was Lady Tarau of Tovu Totoya.	Rasolo	Tarau of Tovu Totoya
mother	Blessed Yolanda of Poland (also known as Helen; 1235 -- 11 June 1298) was the daughter of King Béla IV of Hungary and Maria Laskarina.	Yolanda of Poland	Maria Laskarina
mother	Princess Feodora of Leiningen (Anna Feodora Auguste Charlotte Wilhelmine; 7 December 1807 -- 23 September 1872) was the only daughter of Emich Carl, Prince of Leiningen (1763--1814) and Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld (1786--1861).	Princess Feodora of Leiningen	Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld
mother	Moses' Hebrew mother, Jochebed, secretly hid him when the Pharaoh ordered all newborn Hebrew boys to be killed in order to reduce the population of the Israelites.	Moses	Jochebed
mother	Princess Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (full Italian name: Maria Cristina Pia Anna Isabella Natalia Elisa di Borbone delle Due Sicilie) (24 December 1869, Rome -- 28 March 1870, Rome) was the only child of King Francis II of the Two Sicilies and his wife, Maria Sophie of Bavaria.	Princess Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies	Maria Sophie of Bavaria
mother	Whizgig's dam, Penelope was a contemporary of the 1801 Derby-winning filly Eleanor, beating her several times, and was half-sister to 1809 Derby winner Pope and the mares Pope Joan, Parasol and Prudence.	Whizgig	Penelope
mother	Manishtushu was the son of Sargon of Akkad and Queen Tashlultum, brother of En-hedu-ana and the father of Naram-Sin.	Manishtushu	Tashlultum
mother	Annia Galeria Faustina Minor (Minor is Latin for the Younger), Faustina Minor or Faustina the Younger (born probably 21 September CE, died in winter of 175 or spring of 176 CE) was a daughter of Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius and Roman Empress Faustina the Elder.	Faustina the Younger	Faustina the Elder
mother	William d'Aubigny, 2nd Earl of Arundel (b. (1138-1150), d. 24 December 1193), also called William de Albini III, was the son of William d'Aubigny, 1st Earl of Arundel and Adeliza of Louvain, widow of Henry I of England.	William d'Aubigny, 2nd Earl of Arundel	Adeliza of Louvain
mother	Sima Yu's father Sima Zhong was developmentally disabled, and before he, then crown prince, was to marry his wife Jia Nanfeng, his father Emperor Wu gave him one of his own concubines, Consort Xie Jiu (謝玖), so that Consort Xie could teach him how to have sexual relations.	Sima Yu	Xie Jiu
mother	D. Maria of Portugal, Duchess of Viseu (18 June 1521 -- 10 October 1577 in Lisbon; Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐˈɾiɐ)) was an Infanta of Portugal, the only daughter of King Manuel I of Portugal and Eleanor of Austria.	Maria of Portugal, Duchess of Viseu	Eleanor of Austria
mother	Prince Friedrich of Hesse and by Rhine (Friedrich Wilhelm August Victor Leopold Ludwig; 7 October 1870 -- 29 May 1873) was the haemophiliac second son of Louis IV, Grand Duke of Hesse, and Princess Alice of the United Kingdom, one of the daughters of Queen Victoria.	Prince Friedrich of Hesse and by Rhine	Princess Alice of the United Kingdom
mother	Parikshit was the grandson of Arjuna and Subhadra and the son of Abhimanyu and his wife Uttarā.	Parikshit	Uttarā
mother	Catherine of Nassau-Dillenburg (29 December 1543 at Dillenburg Castle in Dillenburg -- 25 December 1624 in Arnstadt) was a daughter of William I, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg and his second wife, Juliana of Stolberg.	Catherine of Nassau-Dillenburg	Juliana of Stolberg
mother	Archduchess Marie Astrid of Austria (née Princess Marie Astrid of Luxembourg; born 17 February 1954 at Castle Betzdorf) is the elder daughter and eldest child of Grand Duke Jean of Luxembourg and Princess Joséphine Charlotte of Belgium, and the wife of Archduke Carl Christian of Austria.	Archduchess Marie Astrid of Austria	Princess Joséphine Charlotte of Belgium
mother	After witnessing Scar strike his mother Sarabi, Simba orders Scar to resign.	Simba	Sarabi
mother	Caroline, Princess of Hanover (Caroline Louise Marguerite; born 23 January 1957), is the eldest child of Rainier III, Prince of Monaco, and the American actress Grace Kelly.	Caroline, Princess of Hanover	Grace Kelly
mother	Christiane Hörbiger is one of the three actress daughters of Austrian actors Attila Hörbiger (1896--1987) and Paula Wessely (1907--2000).	Christiane Hörbiger	Paula Wessely
mother	Anna Catherine Constance Vasa of Poland (Polish: Anna Katarzyna Konstancja Waza; 7 August 1619 in Warsaw -- 8 October 1651 in Cologne) was a Polish princess, daughter of King Sigismund III Vasa and his second spouse, Constance of Austria.	Anna Catherine Constance Vasa	Constance of Austria
mother	Eston Hemings Jefferson (May 21, 1808 -- January 3, 1856) was born a slave at Monticello, the youngest son of Sally Hemings, a mixed-race slave.	Eston Hemings	Sally Hemings
mother	In Greek mythology, Polynices, sometimes spelled Polyneices, /ˌpɒlᵻˈnaɪsiːz/ (Greek: Πολυνείκης, transl. Polyneíkes, ``manifold strife'') was the son of Oedipus and Jocasta.	Polynices	Jocasta
mouth of the watercourse	The Nesenbach is a stream in Stuttgart, the capital of Baden-Württemberg, Germany, a tributary of the Neckar.	Nesenbach	Neckar
mouth of the watercourse	The Chetwynd River rises southwest of Nareen, and flows generally west by north before reaching its confluence with the Glenelg River west of Moree.	Chetwynd River	Glenelg River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tennessee River is the largest tributary of the Ohio River.	Tennessee River	Ohio River
mouth of the watercourse	The Amper (known in its upper reaches as the Ammer) is a river in southern Bavaria, Germany -- the largest tributary of the Isar river.	Amper	Isar
mouth of the watercourse	Gardiners Creek, originally known as Kooyongkoot Creek, is a waterway in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, and part of the Yarra River catchment.	Gardiners Creek	Yarra River
mouth of the watercourse	The Peace River flows into the Slave River, a tributary of the Mackenzie River.	Peace River	Slave River
mouth of the watercourse	The Illinois River is a principal tributary of the Mississippi River, approximately 273 miles (439 km) long, in the State of Illinois.	Illinois River	Mississippi River
mouth of the watercourse	The Bonnieure is a river in the Charente département, southwestern France, left tributary to the river Charente.	Bonnieure	Charente
mouth of the watercourse	The Merced River (pronounced mer-SED), in the central part of the U.S. state of California, is a 145-mile (233 km)-long tributary of the San Joaquin River flowing from the Sierra Nevada into the San Joaquin Valley.	Merced River	San Joaquin River
mouth of the watercourse	Washington Creek is a southward-flowing stream in Sonoma County, California, United States which enters the city of Petaluma and discharges to the Petaluma River.	Washington Creek	Petaluma River
mouth of the watercourse	The Fotscherbach is a right tributary of the Melach river and has a length of 12.30 km. It originates in the Stubai Alps on a height of 2200 metres.	Fotscherbach	Melach
mouth of the watercourse	The Harrison River is a short but large tributary of the Fraser River, entering it near the community of Chehalis, British Columbia, Canada.	Harrison River	Fraser River
mouth of the watercourse	Claise Brook is a stream which empties into Claisebrook Cove before running into the Swan River in Perth, Western Australia.	Claise Brook	Swan River
mouth of the watercourse	The Owendoher River (Irish: An Dothra Bheag, i.e. ``The Little Dodder'') is a small river in southern County Dublin, Ireland, the largest tributary of the River Dodder, and a part of the River Liffey system.	Owendoher River	River Dodder
mouth of the watercourse	The Matane River is a river on the Gaspé Peninsula in Quebec, Canada, which empties into the Saint Lawrence River at the city of Matane.	Matane River	Saint Lawrence River
mouth of the watercourse	The Zinsel du Nord (German: Nördliche Zinsel, also Moderbach), also called the North Zinsel or Northern Zinsel in English, is a left tributary of the River Moder, which is 43 kilometres (27 mi) long from the source of the Moderbach stream.	Zinsel du Nord	Moder
mouth of the watercourse	Koonung Creek (or Koonung Koonung Creek) is a small tributary of the Yarra River in Melbourne's east.	Koonung Creek	Yarra River
mouth of the watercourse	The Styr River (Ukrainian: Стир; Russian: Стырь) is right tributary of the Pripyat River, with a length of 494 km. Its basin area is 13,100 km².	Styr River	Pripyat River
mouth of the watercourse	The Clarée is a river in southeastern France, a tributary to the Durance.	Clarée	Durance
mouth of the watercourse	The Blies is a right tributary of the Saar in southwestern Germany (Saarland) and northeastern France (Moselle).	Blies	Saar
mouth of the watercourse	The Geehi River rises below Mount Jagungal, part of Strumbo Range within the Kosciuszko National Park, and flows generally southwest before reaching its confluence with the Swampy Plain River, below Mount Youngal, near the locality of Geehi.	Geehi River	Swampy Plain River
mouth of the watercourse	The Preßnitz (Czech: Přísečnice or Přísečný potok) is a right-hand tributary of the River Zschopau in the state of Saxony in eastern Germany and in the Czech Republic.	Preßnitz	Zschopau
mouth of the watercourse	The Wandse rises west of the village of Siek in Kreis Stormarn in Schleswig-Holstein and ends in the center of Hamburg in the Alster.	Wandse	Alster
mouth of the watercourse	Lonja is a river in central Croatia, a left tributary of the Sava.	Lonja	Sava
mouth of the watercourse	Orara River, a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment, is located in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales, Australia.	Orara River	Clarence River
narrative location	Fortress of War (Russian: Брестская крепость; translit. Brestskaia krepost; festival title: The Brest Fortress) is a 2010 Russian-Belarusian war film.	Fortress of War	Brest Fortress
narrative location	Summer '04 (German: Sommer '04 an der Schlei) is a 2006 German drama film directed by Stefan Krohmer and starring Martina Gedeck, Robert Seeliger, and Svea Lohde.	Summer '04	Schlei
narrative location	A Wednesday! opens with Mumbai police commissioner Prakash Rathod (Anupam Kher) resting after a jog, describing in a voice-over that he is going to retire the following day.	A Wednesday!	Mumbai
narrative location	Mr. and Mrs. Gambler is a 2012 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written, produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Chapman To and Fiona Sit.	Mr. and Mrs. Gambler	Hong Kong
narrative location	Eyes Down is a comedy starring Paul O'Grady as Ray Temple, the manager of a bingo hall in Liverpool, England called The Rio, although the series was filmed in Rayners Lane in London.	Eyes Down	Liverpool
narrative location	Where's Officer Tuba? is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Philip Chan and Ricky Lau and starring Sammo Hung, David Chiang, Jacky Cheung and Joey Wong.	Where's Officer Tuba?	Hong Kong
narrative location	Bellyfruit is an adaptation of an original stage play of the same title which premiered at the Los Angeles Theatre Center on March 16, 1996.	Bellyfruit	Los Angeles
narrative location	Worst Week is set in Manassas, Virginia	Worst Week	Virginia
narrative location	Option Zero is a 1997 Hong Kong action film produced by Gordon Chan and John Chong and featuring the directorial debut of Dante Lam.	Option Zero	Hong Kong
narrative location	Much of the filming for Malcolm in the Middle was done on location in various parts of the Thirty Mile Zone around Los Angeles.	Malcolm in the Middle	Los Angeles
narrative location	Filming of Creed of Gold took place in several locations near Indianapolis, Indiana and Detroit, Michigan with some additional photography taking place on location in New York City.	Creed of Gold	New York City
narrative location	Toss-Up (Turkish: Yazı Tura) is a 2004 Turkish drama film, produced, written and directed by Uğur Yücel, starring Kenan İmirzalıoğlu and Olgun Şimşek as two soldiers return home from their military service in southeastern Turkey with disabilities.	Toss-Up	Turkey
narrative location	A City Decides is a 1956 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about the racial integration of St. Louis Public Schools.	A City Decides	St. Louis
narrative location	Love Unto Waste is a 1986 Hong Kong drama film directed by Stanley Kwan and starring Tony Leung, Irene Wan, Elaine Jin, Tsai Chin, Chow Yun-fat with guest appearances by Elaine Chow and Winnie Yu.	Love Unto Waste	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Millers is set in Leesburg, Virginia where Nathan Miller is a local television news reporter.	The Millers	Virginia
narrative location	Step Up Revolution (also known as Step Up 4: Miami Heat, and previously titled Step Up 4Ever) is a 2012 American 3D dance film and the fourth installment in the Step Up film series was released on July 27, 2012.	Step Up Revolution	Miami
narrative location	In this episode, the audience learns why the Sliders will now be able to slide anywhere between San Francisco and L.A. However, Fox opted to air ``Rules of the Game'' first, since it was a more action-oriented episode.	Sliders	San Francisco
narrative location	Basketball Wives LA is the Los Angeles based spin-off of Basketball Wives that premiered August 29, 2011, on VH1.	Basketball Wives LA	Los Angeles
narrative location	The Really Big Family is a 1966 American documentary film directed by Alexander Grasshoff about the Dukes family of Seattle, who had 18 children.	The Really Big Family	Seattle
narrative location	The story is loosely based on the Los Angeles Police Department officers and detectives who formed a group called the ``Gangster Squad unit'' who attempted to combat Mickey Cohen and his gang during the 1940s and 1950s.	Gangster Squad	Los Angeles
narrative location	Fernand Cortez, ou La conquête du Mexique (Hernán Cortés, or The Conquest of Mexico) is an opéra in three acts by Gaspare Spontini with a French libretto by Etienne de Jouy and Joseph-Alphonse d’Esmenard.	Fernand Cortez	Mexico
narrative location	Von Ryan's Express is a World War II adventure film, released in 1965, about a group of Allied prisoners who conduct a daring escape by hijacking a freight train and fleeing through German-occupied Italy to Switzerland.	Von Ryan's Express	Italy
narrative location	The Jayhawkers! (1959) is an American movie set in pre-Civil War Kansas, starring Jeff Chandler and Fess Parker, and directed by Melvin Frank.	The Jayhawkers!	Kansas
narrative location	Case Histories (2004) is a detective novel by British author Kate Atkinson and is set in Cambridge, England.	Case Histories	Cambridge
narrative location	The Romancing Star II is a 1988 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau, Eric Tsang, Natalis Chan and Stanley Fung.	The Romancing Star II	Hong Kong
native language	Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle (French: (ʃaʁl maʁi ʁəne ləkɔ̃t də lil); 22 October 1818 -- 17 July 1894) was a French poet of the Parnassian movement.	Leconte de Lisle	French
native language	Marguerite-Louise Odiot de Montroty, stage name Sophie Lothaire (born in 1732 in Paris) was a French dancer, actress and director who spent her whole career at the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels.	Sophie Lothaire	French
native language	Jean Victor Duruy (11 September 1811 -- 25 November 1894) was a French historian and statesman.	Victor Duruy	French
native language	Guy Grosso (1933--2001) was a French actor and humorist.	Guy Grosso	French
native language	Jan Mankes (15 August 1889, Meppel, Drenthe -- 23 April 1920, Eerbeek) was a Dutch painter.	Jan Mankes	Dutch
native language	Marie, François, Oscar Bardi de Fourtou (3 January 1836, Ribérac -- 6 December 1897, Paris) was a French politician.	Oscar Bardi de Fourtou	French
native language	Thomas Joannes Stieltjes (Dutch: (ˈstilcəs), 29 December 1856 -- 31 December 1894) was a Dutch mathematician.	Thomas Joannes Stieltjes	Dutch
native language	Jordy van der Winden (born 4 March 1994) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a left back for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Jordy van der Winden	Dutch
native language	Peter Altmeier (12 August 1899 -- 28 August 1977) was a German politician (Zentrum, later of the CDU).	Peter Altmeier	German
native language	Yves Jégo (born 17 April 1961) is a French politician, member (député) of the French National Assembly for the third constituency of Seine-et-Marne (Paris region) and Mayor of Montereau-Fault-Yonne (Seine-et-Marne).	Yves Jégo	French
native language	Katalin Varga (Hungarian: Varga Katalin (ˈvɒrɡɒ ˈkɒtɒlin); August 22, 1802 - aft. 1852) was the leader of the Transylvanian Miners' Movement in the 1840s.	Katalin Varga	Hungarian
native language	Jean-Claude Gaudin (born 1939) is a French politician for The Republicans.	Jean-Claude Gaudin	French
native language	Jules Albert Louppe (6 June 1856 -- 5 July 1927) was a French explosives engineer who became a politician.	Albert Louppe	French
native language	Georges Melchior (15 September 1889 -- 2 September 1944) was a French actor of the silent era.	Georges Melchior	French
native language	Véronique Olmi (born 1962) is a French playwright and novelist.	Véronique Olmi	French
native language	François Périer, (10 November 1919 -- 29 June 2002), born François Pillu in Paris, was a French actor.	François Périer	French
native language	Joseph Comiti (4 June 1920 -- 10 November 2000) was a French physician and politician.	Joseph Comiti	French
native language	Gaspard, Baron Gourgaud (September 14, 1783 -- July 25, 1852), also known simply as Gaspard Gourgaud, was a French soldier, prominent in the Napoleonic wars.	Gaspard Gourgaud	French
native language	Jacques Chausson (c. 1618 -- 29 December 1661) was a French ex-customs manager and writer.	Jacques Chausson	French
native language	Jean-Pierre Pernaut (French: (ʒɑ̃.pjɛʁ pɛʁ.no) ; born 8 April 1950 in Amiens, Somme) is a news reader and broadcaster on French television.	Jean-Pierre Pernaut	French
native language	Anton von Aretin (August 15, 1918 -- June 12, 1981) was a German politician, representative of the Bavaria Party and the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.	Anton von Aretin	German
native language	Jacques Bordeneuve (August 28, 1908 Sainte-Livrade-sur-Lot -- January 31, 1981 Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French politician.	Jacques Bordeneuve	French
native language	Luis Rego (born 30 May 1943) is a French actor, comedian, writer and director, with Portuguese origins.	Luis Rego	French
native language	Romain Gary (French: (gaʁi); 21 May (O.S. 8 May) 1914 -- 2 December 1980), born Roman Kacew and also known by other pen names such as Émile Ajar, was a French diplomat, novelist, film director and World War II aviator of Litvak origin.	Romain Gary	French
native language	Michel Modo, born Michael Goi Henri Louis at Carpentras (Vaucluse) (born March 30, 1937 - died September 25, 2008), was a French actor and humorist.	Michel Modo	French
native language	Sequoyah (ᏍᏏᏉᏯ Ssiquoya, as he signed his name, or ᏎᏉᏯ Se-quo-ya, as his name is often spelled today in Cherokee) (c. 1770--1840), named in English George Gist or George Guess, was a Cherokee silversmith.	Sequoyah	Cherokee
native language	Alphonse Rabbe (Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, 1784 (?) -- Paris, 31 December 1829) was a French writer, historian, critic, and journalist.	Alphonse Rabbe	French
native language	Erick van Egeraat (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈeːrɪk vɑn ˈeːɣəraːt); born 1956) is a Dutch architect and author.	Erick van Egeraat	Dutch
native language	Nicolas Antoine Boulanger (11 November 1722, Paris -- 16 September 1759, Paris) was a French philosopher and man of letters during the Age of Enlightenment.	Nicolas Antoine Boulanger	French
native language	Robert Folz (12 March 1910 -- 5 March 1996) was a French medievalist and specialist on the Carolingian era.	Robert Folz	French
native language	Morganne Matis (by her real name, Anne Tilloy) is a French pop singer, and a former contestant in the third series of popular French television show Star Academy (France) of TF1.	Morganne Matis	French
native language	Henri Guissou (17 November 1910, Koudougou, French Upper Volta -- 22 May 1979, Koudougou) was a Burkinabé politician and diplomat.	Henri Guissou	French
native language	Patrice Laffont (born 21 August 1940 in Marseille) is a French television presenter, actor and entertainer.	Patrice Laffont	French
native language	Cloé Vidiane was a French singer who performed in operetta, cabaret shows and films in Paris in the 1920s and 1930s.	Cloé Vidiane	French
native language	Ernestine Chassebœuf (née Troispoux) (1910--c.2005) was a (fictitious) French letter writer.	Ernestine Chassebœuf	French
native language	Stefanos Stratigos (Greek: Στέφανος Στρατηγός; 1926 -- April 6, 2006) was a Greek actor in film and television.	Stefanos Stratigos	Greek
native language	Jean-Baptiste Billot (15 August 1828, Chaumeil, Corrèze -- 31 May 1907, Paris) was a French general and politician.	Jean-Baptiste Billot	French
native language	François Lelord (born 22 June 1953 in Paris) is a French psychiatrist and author.	François Lelord	French
native language	Georges Douking (born Georges Ladoubée; 6 August 1902 -- 20 October 1987) was a French stage, film, and television actor.	Georges Douking	French
native language	Christian Bobin (born 24 April 1951 in Le Creusot, Saône-et-Loire) is a French author and poet.	Christian Bobin	French
native language	Simon Sabiani (1888 Casamaccioli, Corsica, France - 1956 Barcelona, Spain) was a French businessman and politician.	Simon Sabiani	French
native language	Zeruya Shalev (Hebrew: צרויה שלו‎) (born May 13, 1959) is a bestselling Israeli author.	Zeruya Shalev	Hebrew
native language	Gustave Kahn (21 December 1859, in Metz -- 5 September 1936, in Paris) was a French Symbolist poet and art critic.	Gustave Kahn	French
native language	Andrea Fischer (born January 14, 1960 in Arnsberg/Westfalen) was a member of the German Bundestag for the German Green Party and from 1998 until 2001 Federal Minister for Health.	Andrea Fischer	German
native language	Serge Bramly (born January 31, 1949 in Tunis, Tunisia) is a French-language writer and essayist.	Serge Bramly	French
native language	Édith Jéhanne was a French film actress of the silent and early sound eras.	Édith Jéhanne	French
native language	Roger de Rabutin, Comte de Bussy (13 April 1618 -- 9 April 1693), commonly known as Bussy-Rabutin, was a French memoirist.	Roger de Rabutin, Comte de Bussy	French
native language	Marie Čermínová (21 September 1902, Prague -- 9 November 1980, Paris), known as Toyen, was a Czech painter, draftsperson and illustrator and a member of the surrealist movement.	Toyen	Czech
native language	Gabriel Péri (Peri) (1902--1941) was a prominent French Communist journalist and politician, and member of the French Resistance.	Gabriel Péri	French
native language	Henry Laverne (born Henri Allum; 1888 or 1890 -- 4 September 1953) was a French stage and film actor;	Henry Laverne	French
native language	Pierre Martin Victor Richard de Laprade (13 January 1812 -- 13 December 1883), known as Victor de Laprade, was a French poet and critic.	Victor de Laprade	French
native language	Karl Zéro is the stage name of Marc Tellenne (born August 6, 1961 in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie), is a French writer, actor and filmmaker.	Karl Zéro	French
native language	Lysiane Rey (Jacqueline, Andrée, Albertine, Louise Leharanger) (13 November 1922 in Amiens -- 1 October 1975 in Maisons-Laffitte) was a French actress.	Lysiane Rey	French
native language	Joachim Lebreton (Saint-Méen-le-Grand, France, 1760 -- Rio de Janeiro, 1819) was a French professor, public administrator and legislator.	Joachim Lebreton	French
native language	André-Charles Cailleau (1731--1798) was a French book publisher.	André-Charles Cailleau	French
native language	Joseph Baumgartner (November 16, 1904 -- January 21, 1964) was a German politician, representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria, Bavarian People's Party and the Bavaria Party.	Joseph Baumgartner	German
native language	Michel Robin (born 13 October 1930) is a French film actor and comedian.	Michel Robin	French
native language	Oh Takbeon (Hangul: 오탁번) is a South Korean writer, poet, and critic.	Oh Takbeon	Korean
native language	Charles Simon Favart (13 November 1710 -- 12 May 1792) was a French dramatist.	Charles Simon Favart	French
native language	Jean-Pierre Chevènement (French: (ʒɑ̃ pjɛʁ ʃəvɛnmɑ̃); born 9 March 1939) is a French politician who served as a minister in the 1980s and 1990s and who was a candidate in the 2002 French presidential election.	Jean-Pierre Chevènement	French
native language	Heinrich Christian Wilhelm Busch (15 April 1832 -- 9 January 1908) was a German humorist, poet, illustrator and painter.	Wilhelm Busch	German
native language	Roger Pigaut (birth name Roger Paul Louis Pigot) (8 April 1919 -- 24 December 1989) was a French actor and film director.	Roger Pigaut	French
native language	Claude Pélieu (December 20, 1934 -- December 24, 2002) was a French postmodernist poet and graphical artist.	Claude Pélieu	French
native language	Jean Daniel, (né Jean Daniel Bensaid) (born 21 July 1920) is an Algerian-born French-Jewish journalist and author.	Jean Daniel	French
native language	Jacques Rigaut (French: (ʁiɡo); 30 December 1898 -- 9 November 1929) was a French surrealist poet.	Jacques Rigaut	French
native language	Jan van Mersbergen (born 10 April 1971, Gorinchem) is a Dutch novelist.	Jan van Mersbergen	Dutch
native language	Johan van der Keuken (4 April 1938, Amsterdam -- 7 January 2001, Amsterdam) was a Dutch documentary filmmaker, author, and photographer.	Johan van der Keuken	Dutch
native language	Henk Wesseling (born 1937 in The Hague, the Netherlands) is a Dutch historian.	Henk Wesseling	Dutch
native language	Richard Burton, CBE (/ˈbɜːrtən/; 10 November 1925 -- 5 August 1984) was a Welsh stage and cinema actor noted for his mellifluous baritone voice and his acting talent.	Richard Burton	Welsh
native language	John Webster (c. 1580 -- c. 1634) was an English Jacobean dramatist best known for his tragedies The White Devil and The Duchess of Malfi, which are often regarded as masterpieces of the early 17th-century English stage.	John Webster	English
native language	Louis Poinsot (3 January 1777 -- 5 December 1859) was a French mathematician and physicist.	Louis Poinsot	French
native language	Jean-Luc Aotret (born 8 November 1956, Bourges, Cher) is a French poet who has poetry in the French poetry journal La feuille du temps which is published by the An Amzer Poetry Association.	Jean-Luc Aotret	French
native language	Marguerite Pierry (26 December 1887, Paris -- 20 January 1963, Paris) was a French actress.	Marguerite Pierry	French
native language	Jan Hedl (born 9 January 1957 in Prague), known as Jan Sahara Hedl or simply Sahara, is a Czech singer-songwriter.	Jan Sahara Hedl	Czech
native language	Pierre Palmade (born 23 March 1968 in Bordeaux) is a French actor and comedian.	Pierre Palmade	French
native language	Pierre Goldman, (Lyon, 22 June 1944 -- 20 September 1979 in Paris) was a French left-wing intellectual who was convicted of several robberies and mysteriously assassinated.	Pierre Goldman	French
native language	Catherine Trautmann (born 15 January 1951 in Strasbourg) is a French politician for the Socialist Party (France).	Catherine Trautmann	French
native language	Emmanuelle Riva (French pronunciation: ​(emanɥɛl ʁiva); born 24 February 1927) is a French actress, best known for her roles in the films Hiroshima mon amour and Amour.	Emmanuelle Riva	French
native language	Charles Denner (29 May 1926 -- 10 September 1995) was a French actor born to a Jewish family in Tarnów, Poland.	Charles Denner	French
native language	Maurice Rouvier (French pronunciation: ​(moʁis ʁuvje); 17 April 1842 -- 7 June 1911) was a French statesman of the ``Opportunist'' faction.	Maurice Rouvier	French
native language	Jean-Luc Mélenchon (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃lyk melɑ̃ˈʃɔ̃); born 19 August 1951) is a French politician who served in the government of France as Minister of Vocational Education from 2000 to 2002.	Jean-Luc Mélenchon	French
native language	René Barjavel (January 24, 1911 -- November 24, 1985) was a French author, journalist and critic who may have been the first to think of the grandfather paradox in time travel.	René Barjavel	French
native language	Edmond T. Gréville (real name Edmond Gréville Thonger, 20 June 1906 Nice -- 26 May 1966, Nice) was a French film director and screenwriter.	Edmond T. Gréville	French
native language	Vincent Moscato (born Paris, 28 July 1965) is a former French rugby union player as well as radio talk host and actor.	Vincent Moscato	French
native language	Esther de Lange (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɛstər də ˈlɑŋə); 19 February 1975 in Spaubeek) is a Dutch politician for the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).	Esther de Lange	Dutch
native language	Werner Dollinger (10 October 1918 -- 3 January 2008) was a German politician and economist, a member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU).	Werner Dollinger	German
native language	Michel Zevaco (also written as Zévaco) (1 February 1860, Ajaccio - 8 August 1918, Eaubonne) was a French journalist, novelist, publisher, film director, and anti-clerical as well as anarchist activist.	Michel Zevaco	French
native language	Lars Henrik Wikström (born 1963) is a Swedish songwriter and music producer.	Henrik Wikström	Swedish
native language	Jacques Roubaud (born 5 December 1932 in Caluire-et-Cuire, Rhône) is a French poet and mathematician.	Jacques Roubaud	French
native language	Georges Hugnet (11 July 1906 -- 26 June 1974), was a French graphic artist.	Georges Hugnet	French
native language	Luc Benoist (1893--1980) was a French essayist known as his pen name, Luc-Benoist.	Luc Benoist	French
native language	Henri-Auguste d'Halluin (February 6, 1897 -- January 22, 1985), known by the pseudonym Henry Dorgères, was a French political activist.	Henry Dorgères	French
native language	Saint-René Taillandier (16 December 1817 -- 22 February 1879) was a French writer and critic.	Saint-René Taillandier	French
native language	Norbert Blüm (born 21 July 1935) is a German politician who was a federal legislator from North Rhine-Westphalia, Chairman of the CDU there (1987--1999), and a minister for labor and social affairs (for 16 years in the government of Helmut Kohl).	Norbert Blüm	German
native language	Wolfgang Bosbach (born 11 June 1952 in Bergisch Gladbach, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German politician and member of the conservative party, the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), which he joined in 1972.	Wolfgang Bosbach	German
native language	Émile Keller (born Belfort, 1828; died 1909) was a French writer and politician.	Émile Keller	French
native language	Salomon Herman ``Sal'' Hamburger (11 July 1898 -- 14 November 1946), known under his pseudonym Herman de Man, was a Dutch novelist.	Herman de Man	Dutch
native language	Guillaume Dustan (November 29, 1965, Paris -- October 3, 2005), born William Baranès, was an openly gay French writer and journalist.	Guillaume Dustan	French
native language	Lucile Saint-Simon (born October 19, 1932) is a French actress from the Paris suburb of Corbeil-Essonnes.	Lucile Saint-Simon	French
native language	Alain Minc (French pronunciation: ​(alɛ̃ ˈmɛ̃k); born April 15, 1949) is a French businessman, political advisor, and author.	Alain Minc	French
native language	Victorien Félix Bruguier (16 March 1884 -- 20 August 1962), called Georges Bruguier, was a French politician and journalist.	Georges Bruguier	French
native language	Henri Torre (born in Casablanca, Morocco, on April 12, 1933) is a French politician, and a member of the UMP.	Henri Torre	French
native language	André Hardellet (13 February 1911 -- 24 July 1974) was a French poet and writer.	André Hardellet	French
native language	Paul Guth (5 March 1910 -- 1997) was a French humorist, journalist and writer, and the President of the Académie des provinces françaises.	Paul Guth	French
native language	Christophe de Ponfilly (1951--2006) was a French journalist and screenwriter.	Christophe de Ponfilly	French
native language	Nicolas Rey is a French writer born in Evreux, Eure, on the 8th of May 1973.	Nicolas Rey	French
occupation	Mandy Coon is a New York-based fashion designer of her eponymous line.	Mandy Coon	fashion designer
occupation	Kim Cascone (December 21, 1955) is an American composer of electronic music who is known for his releases in the ambient, industrial and electro-acoustic genre on his own record company, Silent Records.	Kim Cascone	composer
occupation	Sir Henry Hudson Kitson (April 9, 1863, 1864 or 1865 -- June 26, 1947) was an English born American sculptor who sculpted many representations of American military heroes.	Henry Hudson Kitson	sculptor
occupation	Jonathan Bar Giora (Hebrew: יונתן בר גיורא‎; born July 8, 1962) is an Israeli composer and pianist.	Jonathan Bar Giora	composer
occupation	Waqidi Falicoff is an American who had a short career as a composer, folksinger and guitarist.	Waqidi Falicoff	composer
occupation	Joseph Cameron Alston (December 20, 1926 -- April 16, 2008) was an American badminton player who won major titles between 1951 and 1967.	Joseph Cameron Alston	badminton player
occupation	Glenda Goss is an American author and music historian whose special interests are music and culture, early modernism, critical editing, and European-American points of cultural contact.	Glenda Goss	music historian
occupation	László Cseh (born 3 December 1985) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer and five-time Olympic medalist.	László Cseh	swimmer
occupation	Stephan Waser (sometimes shown as Stephen Waser) (March 10, 1920 -- June 19, 1992) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed from the late 1940s to the early 1950s.	Stephan Waser	bobsledder
occupation	Joanna Horodyńska (born November 30, 1975) is a Polish model and television stylist.	Joanna Horodyńska	model
occupation	Aindrita Ray began her acting career in the 2008 film Meravanige playing the role of Nandini, the love interest of the lead actor played by Prajwal Devaraj.	Aindrita Ray	actor
occupation	Vanessa Campbell (June 24, 1953 -- August 25, 2002) was a cabaret, blues, jazz and rock singer and actress who appeared in a national tour of ``Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris'' and Law & Order.	Vanessa Campbell	singer
occupation	Jaime Galarza Zavala (born July 28, 1930 in Cuenca) is an Ecuadorian writer, poet, journalist and politician.	Jaime Galarza Zavala	writer	journalist
occupation	Dominic Agostino (October 14, 1959 -- March 24, 2004) was a Canadian politician who represented the riding of Hamilton East for the Liberal Party in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 until his death in 2004.	Dominic Agostino	politician
occupation	Loren A. Smith (born December 22, 1944, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American federal judge on the United States Court of Federal Claims, who was appointed a judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims by Ronald Reagan on July 11, 1985 and entered duty on September 12, 1985.	Loren A. Smith	judge
occupation	Brendan Smialowski is an award winning freelance photographer based in Washington, D.C. He specializes in digital photography and covers national and international news.	Brendan Smialowski	photographer
occupation	Arthur Scott King (January 18, 1876 -- April 17, 1957) was an American physicist and astrophysicist.	Arthur Scott King	physicist	astrophysicist
occupation	Merle Feld (born in 1947) is an educator, activist, author, playwright, and poet.	Merle Feld	playwright
occupation	Kabir Ahmed is a First class cricketer from Bangladesh.	Kabir Ahmed	cricketer
occupation	William B. Callaway, FASLA (May 26, 1943- November 25, 2014) was an American landscape architect with SWA Group, recognized for his ability to design landscapes that are timeless.	William B. Callaway	architect
occupation	David Manley is an American philosopher specializing in metaphysics, philosophy of language, and epistemology.	David Manley	philosopher
occupation	Christopher Del Bosco (born March 30, 1982), is an American-born, Canadian freestyle skier who currently resides in Montreal, Quebec.	Christopher Del Bosco	freestyle skier
occupation	Matt Levin (born January 8, 1975) is an American racecar driver.	Matt Levin	racecar driver
occupation	Sadhan Pandey is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Consumer Affairs in the Government of West Bengal.	Sadhan Pande	politician
occupation	Truman Layton Plain, better known as T. L. Plain is a former American basketball coach.	T. L. Plain	basketball coach
occupation	Reese Bowen Brabson (September 16, 1817 -- August 16, 1863) was an American politician who represented Tennessee's 3rd district in the United States House of Representatives from 1859 to 1861.	Reese Bowen Brabson	politician
occupation	Moling of Luachair, Irish cleric and poet, fl.	Moling of Luachair	poet
occupation	Ganapathy Baskaran is an Indian theoretical physicist, known for his work on condensed matter physics and strongly correlated materials.	Ganapathy Baskaran	physicist
occupation	Stephen Sutherland (born 1990-08-19 in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, England) is an Australian amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at flyweight.	Stephen Sutherland	boxer
occupation	Debra Weeks is an American television producer, executive producer, director, and journalist.	Debra Weeks	television producer	executive producer	journalist
occupation	Jürgen Loacker (born December 14, 1974) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed from 1999 to 2013.	Jürgen Loacker	bobsledder
occupation	Natalie Hays Hammond (1904--1985) was an American artist, author, and inventor.	Natalie Hays Hammond	author
occupation	Frankie Valli (born Francesco Stephen Castelluccio; May 3, 1934) is an American popular singer, known as the frontman of The Four Seasons beginning in 1960.	Frankie Valli	singer
occupation	Barry Moser (born 1940) is an artist, known as a printmaker and illustrator of numerous works of literature.	Barry Moser	artist
occupation	After Persians defeated and captured that emperor in the Battle of Edessa, a body of Roman troops was rallied by a fiscal officer, Macrianus, and Balista.	Balista	officer
occupation	Hale was formerly known as Eddie Darling throughout the early 1990s, and is the lead singer of the popular American Britpop and modern rock musical group Ed Hale and The Transcendence, formerly called Transcendence.	Ed Hale	singer
occupation	Mayu Wakisaka is a singer-songwriter, composer, and lyricist based in Tokyo, Japan.	Mayu Wakisaka	singer-songwriter
occupation	Joel Hodge is an American cinematographer, best known for being the Director of Photography for the independent film Bellflower.	Joel Hodge	cinematographer
occupation	Trevor Herion, born John Trevor Herion, (c. Apr. 1959 -- October 1988) was an Irish singer, born in Cork who formed part of the punk and new wave scenes in the 1970s and 1980s.	Trevor Herion	singer
occupation	Walter Jackson Freeman II, M.D. (November 14, 1895 -- May 31, 1972) was an American physician who specialized in lobotomy.	Walter Jackson Freeman II	physician
occupation	Olan Montgomery, sometimes called only Olan, is an identical twin and American pop-artist and actor notable for his pop-art portraits of both celebrities and unknown people, and for his depictions of the Gay party scene.	Olan Montgomery	actor
occupation	Ramesh Vinayakam (born on 7 July 1963) is an Indian composer, arranger, singer, song-writer, music producer.	Ramesh Vinayakam	composer	singer
occupation	Philip Neil Hope (September 24, 1972 -- November 25, 2007), known as Neil Hope, was a Canadian actor best known for playing Derek ``Wheels'' Wheeler on Degrassi Junior High and Degrassi High in the 1980s and early 1990s.	Neil Hope	actor
occupation	Frederick H. Billings (September 27, 1823 -- September 30, 1890) was an American lawyer and financier.	Frederick H. Billings	lawyer
occupation	Michael Cowpland (born April 23, 1943 in Bexhill-on-Sea) is a British-born entrepreneur, businessman, and the founder and one-time president, chairman and CEO of Corel, a Canadian software company.	Michael Cowpland	entrepreneur
occupation	Alban Faust is a luthier and player of traditional Swedish music, designated a Swedish Riksspelman (``musician of the realm'') in 2009.	Alban Faust	musician
occupation	Annibale Maggi was an Italian architect of the Renaissance period.	Annibale Maggi	architect
occupation	Everaldo Coelho (born March 25, 1978) is a Brazilian graphic designer and illustrator.	Everaldo Coelho	illustrator
occupation	Feng Kang (simplified Chinese: 冯康; traditional Chinese: 馮康; pinyin: Féng Kāng) (September 9, 1920 - August 17, 1993) was a Chinese mathematician and scientist.	Feng Kang	mathematician
occupation	Adam Anouer (Born April 3, 1990) is an English actor best known for his work on screen.	Adam Anouer	actor
occupation	Jan Bussell was a British racing driver who won the Macau Grand Prix twice, in 1968 and 1971.	Jan Bussell	racing driver
occupation	Angelo Sosa is an American chef who appeared on the seventh season of the Bravo reality television show Top Chef.	Angelo Sosa	chef
occupation	Elmore James (January 27, 1918 -- May 24, 1963) was an American blues guitarist, singer, songwriter and band leader.	Elmore James	guitarist	singer
occupation	Fred W. Heard is an American minister, politician, and a co-owner of Best Hands.	Fred W. Heard	politician
occupation	Chalene Johnson is an American physical fitness authority, choreographer, author, and entrepreneur.	Chalene Johnson	entrepreneur
occupation	Amandeep (date of birth unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played one first-class match in 1998.	Amandeep	cricketer
occupation	Simona Lisi is an Italian dancer, choreographer and actress.	Simona Lisi	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Marshall Sklare (1921-1992) was an American sociologist whose work focused on American Jews and the American Jewish Community.	Marshall Sklare	sociologist
occupation	Thomas K. Lynch is an American municipal administrator and politician who currently serves as Town Manager of Barnstable, Massachusetts.	Thomas K. Lynch	politician
occupation	Daniel Terdiman is a journalist, who has been published in both print and non-print media, including Time Magazine, The New York Times, Wired Magazine, CNET News.com, Wired News, Martha Stewart Weddings, Salon.com, Business 2.0, Venture Beat and the San Francisco Chronicle.	Daniel Terdiman	journalist
occupation	Robin Hobb is a pseudonym of Margaret Astrid Lindholm Ogden (born March 5, 1952), an American writer.	Robin Hobb	writer
occupation	Haje Jan Kamps (May 21, 1981) is a Dutch inventor, author, freelance writer, journalist, photographer and editor.	Haje Jan Kamps	journalist	photographer
occupation	Franziska Baumann (born April 9, 1965) is a Swiss musician and composer, specializing in improvisation and composed music (vocals, flute, live electronics).	Franziska Baumann	composer
occupation	Rob VanAlkemade began his career as, variously, a film director, producer, cinematographer, sound recordist, and editor in 1995.	Rob VanAlkemade	film director
occupation	Shi Yuzhu (Chinese: 史玉柱) is a Chinese entrepreneur and software engineer.	Shi Yuzhu	entrepreneur	engineer
occupation	Jullette M. Saussy is a medical doctor and the former head of emergency medical services for New Orleans, Louisiana, and Washington, D.C. Saussy started in emergency medical services in 1984 as an emergency medical technician and received her paramedic training in 1986 from the University of South Alabama.	Jullette M. Saussy	paramedic
occupation	John Fairfield (January 30, 1797 -- December 24, 1847) was a U.S. politician from Maine having served separately as a U.S. Congressman, state governor and U.S. Senator.	John Fairfield	politician
occupation	Leo Lassen (July 5, 1899 -- December 5, 1975) was an American baseball announcer in Seattle, Washington.	Leo Lassen	announcer
occupation	Edward J. Roethe (May 12, 1878 -- May 15, 1952) was an American politician and newspaper editor.	Edward J. Roethe	politician
occupation	Saint Joseph the Hymnographer (Greek: Όσιος Ιωσήφ ο Υμνογράφος) was a monk of the ninth century.	Joseph the Hymnographer	monk
occupation	Brian Millard was a British local politician, and was the leader of Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council 2005-2007.	Brian Millard	politician
occupation	Amy Acuff is also known for her career as a model.	Amy Acuff	model
occupation	Gregory Vajda (born Vajda Gergely; August 13, 1973) is a Hungarian clarinetist, composer and conductor.	Gregory Vajda	composer	conductor
occupation	Eliodoro Yáñez Ponce de León (May 6, 1860 - July 26, 1932) was a Chilean journalist, lawyer, and politician, and was one of the founders of La Nación newspaper.	Eliodoro Yáñez	journalist
occupation	Ambrose Harmer (died c.1647) was a Virginia landowner and politician.	Ambrose Harmer	politician
occupation	Adele Palmer (October 21, 1915 -- July 1, 2008) was an American costume designer who worked on more than 300 films during her long career.	Adele Palmer	costume designer
occupation	Donald Keats (born May 27, 1929) is an American composer, teacher, and pianist.	Donald Keats	composer
occupation	Snorri Sturluson clearly distinguishes the god Bragi from the mortal skald Bragi Boddason, whom he often mentions separately.	Bragi	skald
occupation	Michael Graham-Smith (born August 5, 1969 in Burnie, Tasmania) is an Australian cricket umpire.	Michael Graham-Smith	cricket umpire
occupation	Edmund Power Flynn (August 19, 1828 in Arichat Cape Breton, Nova Scotia -- January 26, 1900) was a Canadian politician, Richmond County's first coroner and merchant.	Edmund Power Flynn	politician	merchant
occupation	Martine Kimberley Sherri Ponting (born 14 May 1976), known professionally as Martine McCutcheon, is an English singer, television personality, actress and occasional radio presenter.	Martine McCutcheon	singer
occupation	Anna Nanousi (Greek: Άννα Νανούση) is a Greek fashion model and television host.	Anna Nanousi	model
occupation	Valaida Snow (June 2, 1904 -- May 30, 1956) was an African-American jazz musician and entertainer.	Valaida Snow	jazz musician
occupation	Emily Underdown (1863--1947) was an English writer, novelist and poet.	Emily Underdown	novelist
occupation	Tricia MacGregor; known as Tricia MacGregor from 2003 to 2015 (born on September 25, 1970 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian curler.	Tricia MacGregor	curler
occupation	Herbin Hoyos is a Colombian journalist and broadcaster who is in exile in Spain after receiving death threats from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (Farc).	Herbin Hoyos	journalist
occupation	Murray Macneill (also spelled MacNeill) (January 7, 1877 -- February 16, 1951) was a curler from Nova Scotia.	Murray Macneill	curler
occupation	Elinor Armer (born October 6, 1939) is an American pianist, music educator and composer.	Elinor Armer	music educator	composer
occupation	Frederick Koehler (born June 16, 1975) is an American actor best known for his role as Chip Lowell on Kate & Allie as well as Andrew Schillinger on the HBO drama Oz.	Frederick Koehler	actor
occupation	Guilherme de Almeida Prado (Ribeirão Preto, November 6, 1954) is a Brazilian film director.	Guilherme de Almeida Prado	film director
occupation	Harris English (born July 23, 1989) is an American professional golfer and currently a member of the PGA Tour.	Harris English	golfer
occupation	Jocelyne Bourassa, CM (born May 30, 1947) is a former Canadian professional golfer on the LPGA Tour who had a distinguished amateur career.	Jocelyne Bourassa	golfer
occupation	Linda Maguire (born May 7, 1959) is an American opera and classical singer, recording artist and researcher in sensory therapies.	Linda Maguire	singer
occupation	Li Xianting (Chinese: 栗宪庭; born 1949 in Jilin) is an independent art critic and curator of contemporary Chinese art in China.	Li Xianting	art critic
occupation	Hans Brems (October 16, 1915 -- September 16, 2000) was a Danish American economist.	Hans Brems	economist
occupation	John Pantry is a musician, singer, songwriter, audio engineer (at IBC Studios, for the Small Faces and on the first three Bee Gees L.P.s) and record producer from Harrow, Middlesex, England.	John Pantry	audio engineer
occupation	Abdelkarim Harouni (Tunisian Arabic: عبد الكريم الهاروني‎) is a Tunisian politician.	Abdelkarim Harouni	politician
occupation	Aris Chatzistefanou (Greek: Άρης Χατζηστεφάνου) is a Greek journalist and filmmaker.	Aris Chatzistefanou	journalist
occupation	Nick Tosches (/ˈtɑːʃəs/; born October 17 or 23, 1949) is an American journalist, novelist, biographer, and poet.	Nick Tosches	journalist	novelist
occupation	Helena Christensen (born December 25, 1968) is a Danish fashion model and photographer.	Helena Christensen	model	photographer
occupation	Louis Van Parijs, also spelled Parys (born c. 1908, date of death unknown) was a Belgian swimmer who won two medals in the 200m breaststroke at the 1926 and 1927 European Aquatics Championships.	Louis Van Parijs	swimmer
occupation	Jimmy Hotz (born October 12, 1953) is an American inventor, record producer, recording engineer, electronic music pioneer, audio expert, author and musician.	Jimmy Hotz	record producer	musician
occupation	Kenneth Hopper (formally known as Robert D. Kenneth Hopper), a Scots engineer and now a US citizen, has made a lifelong study of different national manufacturing cultures.	Kenneth Hopper	engineer
occupation	Richard Blanco (born February 15, 1968) is an American poet, public speaker, author and civil engineer.	Richard Blanco	poet	author
occupation	Kevin Schawinski (April 28, 1981 in Zürich) is a Swiss astrophysicist.	Kevin Schawinski	astrophysicist
occupation	Franz Kolb (fl. 1880s) was a German pharmacist and the inventor of the modeling paste Plastilin.	Franz Kolb	pharmacist
occupation	Owen ap Hugh (1518--1613), of Bodeon, near Llangadwaladr, Anglesey was a Welsh politician.	Owen ap Hugh	politician
occupation	Feodor Stepanovich Rojankovsky (Russian: Фёдор Степанович Рожанковский) (December 24, 1891 -- October 12, 1970), also known as Rojan, was a Russian émigré illustrator.	Feodor Stepanovich Rojankovsky	illustrator
occupation	Ng Wui (December 3, 1913 - March 1, 1996) was a Hong Kong film director and actor, best known for his films of the 1950s and 1960s.	Ng Wui	film director	actor
occupation	Chen Chun-hui (simplified Chinese: 陈俊辉; traditional Chinese: 陳俊輝; pinyin: Chén Jùnhuī) born March 8, 1981, is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Chen Chun-hui	baseball player
occupation	Eugène Bergès was a French fencer, maréchal des logis in French Army.	Eugène Bergès	fencer
occupation	Noah Charney (born November 27, 1979) is an American art historian and novelist.	Noah Charney	novelist
occupation	``The Monologue of an insane violinist'' (Khent jutakahari menakhosutyunn), 1992 ``Catharsis'', 1991 ``Wander'' (Taparum), 1995 ``Communion'' (Haghordutyun), 1996 ``Live At Aram Khachatryan Concert Hall'', 2005 ``Arthur Meschian Live 2006''	Arthur Meschian	violinist
occupation	Kieran Sells (born March 30, 1984) is a production assistant on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live!	Kieran Sells	production assistant
occupation	Jim O'Connor is an American actor and former host of the show The Secret Life Of....	Jim O'Connor	actor
occupation	Linda Good is a songwriter, producer, keyboardist, singer and television and film composer.	Linda Good	songwriter
occupation	Francois Henning better known by his stage name Snotkop previously known as Lekgoa is a well-known Afrikaans and Sotho language singer and rapper.	Snotkop	singer
occupation	Dion Hamill is a comic book artist born in Australia.	Dion Hamill	artist
occupation	Alex Dea is an American-born Chinese composer.	Alex Dea	composer
occupation	Tess Amber Adler (born February 11, 1990), commonly known as Tess Taylor, is an American reality television personality and model known for her show Pretty Wild with her adopted sisters Gabby and Alexis Neiers.	Tess Taylor	model
occupation	Hermotimus of Clazomenae (c. 6th century BCE), called by Lucian a Pythagorean, was a philosopher who first proposed, before Anaxagoras (according to Aristotle) the idea of mind being fundamental in the cause of change.	Hermotimus of Clazomenae	philosopher
occupation	Leah Singer is a photographer and multimedia artist.	Leah Singer	photographer
occupation	Joshua Coit (October 7, 1758 -- September 5, 1798) was an eighteenth-century American lawyer and politician.	Joshua Coit	lawyer	politician
occupation	Neltje Blanchan De Graff Doubleday (October 23, 1865 -- February 21, 1918) was a United States scientific historian and nature writer who published several books on wildflowers and birds under the pen name Neltje Blanchan.	Neltje Blanchan	writer
occupation	Ellen Broselow (born 1949) is an experimental linguist specializing in second language acquisition and phonology.	Ellen Broselow	linguist
occupation	Martha Colburn is a filmmaker and artist.	Martha Colburn	artist
occupation	American composer Richard Faith (born 1926) has been known primarily in university music circles as a concert pianist, professor of piano, and a published composer of piano pedagogy literature, orchestral and chamber works, opera and most prolifically, song.	Richard Faith	composer
occupation	Álvaro Cueva (born January 29, 1968) is a Mexican television critic and journalist who works in print, television and radio.	Álvaro Cueva	television critic	journalist
occupation	Susanne Bobzien, FBA is a German-born philosopher, whose research interests focus on philosophy of logic and language, determinism and freedom, and ancient philosophy.	Susanne Bobzien	philosopher
occupation	Heny Sison, popularly known as Chef Heny, is a pastry chef, cake decorator, and television host in the Philippines.	Heny Sison	chef
occupation	Claire Scovell LaZebnik is an American novelist/author.	Claire Scovell LaZebnik	novelist
occupation	Rebecca Dubowe is the first deaf woman to be ordained as a rabbi in the United States.	Rebecca Dubowe	rabbi
occupation	Christopher Evans-Ironside is a English/German successful and award-winning songwriter, composer and music producer.	Christopher Evans-Ironside	composer
occupation	Victor DeLorenzo (born October 25, 1954) is an American musician, actor and filmmaker best known as the drummer for the folk-punk band Violent Femmes.	Victor DeLorenzo	actor
occupation	Zebulon Aiton Lash (September 29 1846 -- January 24, 1920) was a Canadian lawyer, civil servant, and businessman.	Zebulon Aiton Lash	lawyer
occupation	Baron Peter Piot, MD, PhD FRCP FMedSci (born 1949) is a Belgian microbiologist known for his research into Ebola and AIDS.	Peter Piot	microbiologist
occupation	Herbert Spohn is a German mathematician and mathematical physicist working in kinetic equations; dynamics of stochastic particle systems, hydrodynamic limit; kinetic of growths processes; disordered systems; open quantum systems dynamics of charged particles coupled to their radiation field;	Herbert Spohn	mathematician	physicist
occupation	(William) Bill Cashin is a former Irish Labour Party politician.	Bill Cashin	politician
occupation	Laura Patterson (born 28 November 1988 in Portarlington) is an Irish model who was crowned Miss Ireland 2009.	Laura Patterson	model
occupation	Ionel Fernic (born May 29, 1901 in Târgovişte -- d. July 22, 1938 in Stulpicani) was a Romanian composer, aviator (civil pilot), writer, and one of the first Romanian parachutists.	Ionel Fernic	composer
occupation	Carl Ribbe (November 16, 1860, Berlin - August 27, 1934, Dresden) was a German explorer and entomologist.	Carl Ribbe	entomologist
occupation	Rosa M. Abella was an exiled Cuban librarian who worked at the University of Miami's Otto G. Richter Library.	Rosa M. Abella	librarian
occupation	Diogenes Laertius, quoting from Apollodorus of Athens, says that Pyrrho was at first a painter, and that pictures by him were exhibited in the gymnasium at Elis.	Pyrrho	painter
occupation	Lonnie Shields (born April 17, 1956) is an American electric blues singer, songwriter, and guitarist.	Lonnie Shields	songwriter
occupation	Edgar Amos Love (September 10, 1891 - May 1, 1974) was an African-American educator, minister, and activist.	Edgar Amos Love	minister
occupation	Joseph Habersham (July 28, 1751 -- November 17, 1815) was an American businessman, Georgia politician, soldier in the Continental Army, and Postmaster General of the United States.	Joseph Habersham	politician
occupation	Alison Pipitone is an American rock 'n' roll singer, songwriter, guitarist.	Alison Pipitone	singer, songwriter
occupation	Adrian Grenier (born July 10, 1976) is an American actor, producer, director, and musician.	Adrian Grenier	actor
occupation	Breifne O'Brien is an Irish socialite businessman and rogue financial advisor.	Breifne O'Brien	socialite
occupation	Dennis Nurkse is a poet from Brooklyn.	Dennis Nurkse	poet
occupation	Efren Torres (November 29, 1943 -- February 25, 2010) was a Mexican boxer, who was world champion in the Flyweight division.	Efren Torres	boxer
occupation	Isaac Wardell is a Presbyterian worship leader, teacher, and composer who primarily writes sacred music.	Isaac Wardell	composer
occupation	Rafael García (born February 22, 1971) is a Mexican professional wrestler, better known under his ring name Super Caló.	Super Caló	professional wrestler
occupation	Astrud Gilberto (born March 29, 1940) is a Brazilian samba and bossa nova singer.	Astrud Gilberto	singer
occupation	Lowry Burgess is an internationally renowned conceptual and environmental artist and educator.	Lowry Burgess	artist
occupation	Brian Gamble (born April 24, 1970) is an American martial artist and professional wrestler.	Brian Gamble	professional wrestler
occupation	Chantal Chamandy (born at Alexandria, Egypt) is a Canadian singer and entertainer based in Montreal, Quebec.	Chantal Chamandy	singer
occupation	Karl Georg Herman Lang (July 21, 1901 -- March 14, 1976) was a Swedish zoologist, specialising in crustaceans, especially harpacticoid copepods and tanaids.	Karl Georg Herman Lang	zoologist
occupation	Anna Olson is a professionally trained pastry chef.	Anna Olson	chef
occupation	Shafin Ahmed (Bengali: শাফিন আহমেদ; born February 14) is a Bangladeshi singer and composer.	Shafin Ahmed	singer
occupation	Janet Echelman (born February 19, 1966) is an American sculptor and artist.	Janet Echelman	sculptor
occupation	Robert Manley Parker (born October 19, 1937) is a retired U.S. federal appeals court judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.	Robert Manley Parker	judge
occupation	Jerry Hsu (born December 17, 1981) is an American professional skateboarder and photographer.	Jerry Hsu	skateboarder
occupation	Will Hoebee (June 29, 1947 -- June 10, 2012) was a Dutch record producer and songwriter.	Will Hoebee	record producer
occupation	Leo Strauss (/straʊs/; German: (ʃtraʊs); September 20, 1899 -- October 18, 1973) was a German-American political philosopher and classicist who specialized in classical political philosophy.	Leo Strauss	philosopher
occupation	Eric Da Re (born March 3, 1965) is an American actor who is primarily famous for playing the notorious criminal Leo Johnson on the cult TV show, Twin Peaks and its prequel, Twin Peaks:	Eric Da Re	actor
occupation	Nick Mulvey (born 4 November 1984) is an English musician, singer and songwriter who studied music in Havana, Cuba.	Nick Mulvey	singer and songwriter
occupation	Ameerjan was an Indian film director, who has directed Tamil films.	Ameerjan	film director
occupation	Fielder Cook (March 9, 1923 -- June 20, 2003) was an American television and film director, producer, and writer whose 1971 television movie The Homecoming:	Fielder Cook	film director
occupation	Hailee Steinfeld (/ˈheɪliː ˈstaɪnfɛld/ HAY-lee STYN-feld; born December 11, 1996) is an American actress, model and singer.	Hailee Steinfeld	singer
occupation	Danil Haustov (born December 13, 1980) is an Estonian former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Danil Haustov	swimmer
occupation	Mohammad Reza Emami was a Persian calligrapher in the 17th century.	Mohammad Reza Emami	calligrapher
occupation	Hamo Beknazarian (Armenian: Համո Բեկնազարյան; Russian: Амбарцум Бек-Назаров) (May 19, 1891 -- April 27, 1965), also known as Hamo Bek-Nazarov or Amo Bek-Nazarian, was a Soviet Armenian film director, actor and screenwriter	Hamo Beknazarian	film director	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Dorothy Spencer (February 3, 1909 -- May 23, 2002) was an American film editor with seventy-five feature film credits from a career than spanned more than 50 years.	Dorothy Spencer	film editor
occupation	Espen Sandberg (born 2 June 1971) is a Norwegian film director and advertising producer, well known to work with his childhood friend and director, Joachim Rønning on several projects such as Bandidas (2006), Max Manus:	Espen Sandberg	film director
occupation	Þorsteinn frá Hamri (aka Þorsteinn Jónsson), (15 Mar 1938 -- ) is an Icelandic writer notable for having been nominated four times for the Nordic Council's Literature Prize over a period of two decades.	Þorsteinn frá Hamri	writer
occupation	Reham Abdel Ghafour (Arabic: ريهام عبد الغفور‎) is an Egyptian actress and the daughter of famous Egyptian actor Ashraf Abdel Ghafour.	Reham Abdel Ghafour	actor
occupation	Nimai Bali is an Indian actor who generally plays mythological supporting and villainous roles.	Nimai Bali	actor
occupation	William Hawthorn Lynch, Sr., known as Bill Lynch (April 16, 1929 -- February 15, 2004), was an American journalist who served as the first Inspector General of the U.S. state of Louisiana, a position which involves investigations into corruption, misuse of state property, and governmental inefficiency.	William Hawthorn Lynch	journalist
occupation	Charlotte Kipling, née Harrison (June 7, 1919 -- August 9, 1992) was a statistician and ichthyologist.	Charlotte Kipling	statistician	ichthyologist
occupation	Niccolò Barbaro was a Venetian physician, and author of an eyewitness account of the Fall of Constantinople in 1453.	Niccolò Barbaro	physician
occupation	Saverio Principini (better known as ``Sage'') is a certified multi-platinum Italian-American producer and songwriter active in the Los Angeles music scene since 1987.	Saverio Principini	songwriter
occupation	Carol D. Leonnig is an American investigative journalist and a Washington Post staff writer.	Carol D. Leonnig	journalist
occupation	Bruce Barrymore Halpenny (born 1937 in Caistor, Lincolnshire) is an English military historian and author, specialising in airfields and aircraft, as well as ghost stories and mysteries.	Bruce Barrymore Halpenny	historian
occupation	Ralph Blair is an American psychotherapist and founder of The Homosexual Community Counseling Center in New York City.	Ralph Blair	psychotherapist
occupation	Dan Panosian is an American comic book artist, with extensive credits as both a penciller and an inker and has additional credits as an advertising and storyboard artist.	Dan Panosian	inker
occupation	K. M. Roy is a veteran journalist and writer from Kerala.	K. M. Roy	journalist
occupation	Bedřich Feigl (March 6, 1884, Prague - 17 December 1965, London) was a Czech Jewish painter, graphic designer and illustrator.	Bedřich Feigl	painter	graphic designer
occupation	Andrew Mrotek (aka Andy ``The Butcher'' Mrotek) (born July 4, 1983) is the former drummer and backup vocalist for the rock band The Academy Is....	Andrew Mrotek	drummer
occupation	Clodomiro Picado Twight (April 17, 1887 - May 16, 1944), also known as ``Clorito Picado'', was a Costa Rican scientist, born in Nicaragua, who was recognized for his research and discoveries.	Clodomiro Picado Twight	scientist
occupation	Gary Lucas is an American guitarist, songwriter, soundtrack composer, and a recording artist with more than 25 solo albums.	Gary Lucas	songwriter
occupation	Elsie Quarterman (November 28, 1910 -- June 9, 2014) was a prominent plant ecologist.	Elsie Quarterman	ecologist
occupation	Josée Beaudin (born December 20, 1961) is a Canadian politician who was elected to represent the electoral district of Saint-Lambert in the 2008 Canadian federal election.	Josée Beaudin	politician
occupation	Abraham ibn Zimra (French: Abraham Benzamiro) was a Spanish rabbi, physician and diplomat who fled to Morocco following the Spanish inquisition.	Abraham ibn Zimra	rabbi
occupation	Katherine Anne Porter (May 15, 1890 -- September 18, 1980) was a Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist, essayist, short story writer, novelist, and political activist.	Katherine Anne Porter	journalist	essayist	writer	novelist
occupation	Faruk Ahmed (Bengali: ফারুক আহমেদ) (born July 24, 1966, in Dhaka) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 7 ODIs from 1988 to 1999.	Faruk Ahmed	cricketer
occupation	Anthony Molino (born 1957) is a translator, anthropologist, and psychoanalyst.	Anthony Molino	translator
occupation	Carmen Finestra (born 1947) is an American producer and TV writer who currently is partnered with Matt Williams and David McFadzean in Wind Dancer Productions, a firm which Finestra also co-owns and co-founded with actor Tim Allen.	Carmen Finestra	actor
occupation	Pieter van Hanselaere (also Pierre; 1786 -- 1862) was a Belgian painter in the neoclassical style, who specialized in portraits and religious and historical scenes.	Pieter van Hanselaere	painter
occupation	Fumihiko Sori (曽利文彦) is a Japanese film director and film producer.	Fumihiko Sori	film director
occupation	Dallas Pratt (August 21, 1914 -- May 20, 1994) was an American psychiatrist, animal rights campaigner and founder of the American Museum in Britain.	Dallas Pratt	psychiatrist
occupation	Philip Taft (March 22, 1902 -- November 17, 1976) was a noted labor historian whose research focused on the labor history of the United States and the American Federation of Labor.	Philip Taft	historian
occupation	Tyrell Davis (1902--1970) was a British film actor.	Tyrell Davis	actor
occupation	Michael Brainard (born November 23, 1965 in Hollywood, California, USA) is an American actor most notable for his role as the second Ted Capwell on NBC's soap opera Santa Barbara.	Michael Brainard	actor
occupation	Franz Koglmann (born 1947) is an Austrian jazz composer.	Franz Koglmann	composer
occupation	Chauncey Fitch Skilling (1868--1945) was a Los Angeles, California, architect who was also a member of that city's school board and of its city council.	Chauncey Fitch Skilling	architect
occupation	Lou Antonio (born January 23, 1934) is an American actor and TV director best known for performing in the films Cool Hand Luke and America, America.	Lou Antonio	actor
occupation	Altaf Qadri is a Kashmiri-Indian photojournalist with Associated Press.	Altaf Qadri	photojournalist
occupation	Nikolay Bogachyov (Russian: Николай Богачёв, born August 17, 1953) is a Russian entrepreneur and politician.	Nikolay Bogachyov	politician
occupation	Amiya Bhushan Majumdar (March 22, 1918 -- July 8, 2001) was an acclaimed Indian novelist, short-story writer, essayist and playwright.	Amiya Bhushan Majumdar	writer
occupation	Johann Gottlieb (February 15, 1815 -- March 4, 1875) was an Austrian chemist who first synthesized Propionic acid.	Johann Gottlieb	chemist
occupation	Prem Singh is a Fijian politician and a member of the Fijian Parliament.	Prem Singh	politician
occupation	Dr. Silvano Raia is a Brazilian surgeon who specializes in liver diseases.	Silvano Raia	surgeon
occupation	Mark Setteducati (born November 1, 1955) is a magician and inventor of magic, illusions, games and puzzles.	Mark Setteducati	magician
occupation	Ahmet Ziya Akbulut (27 June 1869, Istanbul - 17 April 1938, Istanbul) was a Turkish landscape and architectural painter.	Ahmet Ziya Akbulut	painter
occupation	Hao Ge (Chinese: 郝歌; pinyin: Hǎo Gē) is the Chinese stage name of Nigerian-born singer Uwechue Emmanuel.	Hao Ge	singer
occupation	Jack MacLaren is a Canadian politician, who was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 2011 election.	Jack MacLaren	politician
occupation	Hampar Kelikian (January 17, 1899 -- July 24, 1983) was a pioneering orthopedic surgeon, who significantly extended the surgical field.	Hampar Kelikian	surgeon
occupation	Marguerite Zorach (née Thompson) (September 25, 1887 -- June 27, 1968) was an American Fauvist painter, textile artist, and graphic designer, and was an early exponent of modernism in America.	Marguerite Zorach	painter
occupation	Bernd Glemser (born 1962, Dürbheim) is a German pianist.	Bernd Glemser	pianist
occupation	Ibycus (/ˈɪbɪkəs/; Greek: Ἴβυκος; fl. 2nd half of 6th century BC) was an Ancient Greek lyric poet, a citizen of Rhegium in Magna Graecia, probably active at Samos during the reign of the tyrant Polycrates and numbered by the scholars of Hellenistic Alexandria in the canonical list of nine lyric poets.	Ibycus	poet
occupation	Terry Hayhurst (born March 11, 1985) is a professional Canadian darts player from Brantford, Ontario.	Terry Hayhurst	darts player
occupation	Chaim Gross (March 17, 1904 -- May 5, 1991) was an American sculptor and educator.	Chaim Gross	sculptor
occupation	Thomas Gildard (nicknamed Gildey) was a 19th-century Scottish architect and author.	Thomas Gildard	architect
occupation	Hamilton Holt (August 18, 1872, Brooklyn, New York -- April 26, 1951, Woodstock, Connecticut) was an American educator, editor, author and politician.	Hamilton Holt	politician
occupation	Darren Ockert is a pop singer, songwriter and producer born in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, England currently residing in Miami.	Darren Ockert	singer, songwriter
occupation	Oleg Pukhnatiy (Uzbek: Олег Пухнатй; born June 10, 1975) is an Uzbek former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and individual medley events.	Oleg Pukhnatiy	swimmer
occupation	Clara Louisa Wells was an American writer and inventor who lived between 1848/1850 and 1923/1925.	Clara Louisa Wells	writer
occupation	Steven Troughton-Smith (born December 11, 1988) is an Irish programmer who focuses mainly on writing iPhone software.	Steven Troughton-Smith	programmer
occupation	Seymour Boardman was an artist who expressed his direct experience and willingness to take risks in the pursuit of ambitious painting.	Seymour Boardman	artist
occupation	Barbara Kessler is an American folk-rock singer-songwriter.	Barbara Kessler	singer	songwriter
occupation	Donald R. Pierce (born April 13, 1937) is a retired U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey in thoroughbred horse racing.	Donald R. Pierce	jockey
occupation	Jane Branstetter Stranch (born September 17, 1953) is a United States federal appeals court judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.	Jane Branstetter Stranch	judge
occupation	Edward Anthony Spitzka (June 17, 1876 -- September 4, 1922) was an American anatomist who autopsied (29 Oct 1901) the brain of Leon Czolgosz, the assassin of president William McKinley.	Edward Anthony Spitzka	anatomist
occupation	Han Dae-soo (born March 12, 1948, Busan) is a South Korean folk and rock singer-songwriter.	Han Dae-soo	singer
occupation	Assefa Mezgebu (born June 19, 1978 in Sidamo) is a retired Ethiopian long-distance runner, most known for winning a bronze medal in the 10,000 metres event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Assefa Mezgebu	long-distance runner
occupation	Edward J. ``Ed'' White (May 18, 1949 -- August 25, 2005) was a Canadian professional wrestler, best known as Moondog King of The Moondogs when he joined the World Wrestling Federation (now WWE) in the early 1980s.	Moondog King	professional wrestler
occupation	Gonzalo Pérez Iribarren (1936--1998) was an Uruguayan mathematician and statistical expert.	Gonzalo Pérez Iribarren	mathematician
occupation	Chloé Dépouilly (born December 6, 1990 in Remis) is a figure skater who competes in ladies singles.	Chloé Dépouilly	figure skater
occupation	Walter of Mortagne (b. Mortagne, Flanders, c. 1100; d. Laon, 1174) was a Scholastic philosopher, and theologian.	Walter of Mortagne	theologian
occupation	John Lurie (born December 14, 1952) is an American musician, painter, actor, director, and producer.	John Lurie	painter	actor	director
occupation	Elliott Jaques (January 18, 1917 -- March 8, 2003) was a Canadian psychoanalyst and organizational psychologist, known for developing the notion of requisite organization from his 'stratified systems theory', running counter to many others in the field of organizational development.	Elliott Jaques	psychologist
occupation	Frank Gillmore (May 14, 1867, New York City, New York -- March 29, 1943, New York City, New York) was an American playwright and a stage and early film actor.	Frank Gillmore	actor
occupation	Susannah Lazar is a medical physicist and astronomer.	Susannah Lazar	physicist	astronomer
occupation	Count Maurycy Klemens Zamoyski (1871--1939) was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic), politician, social activist, and Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Polish government of the 1920s.	Maurycy Klemens Zamoyski	politician
occupation	Rajbeer Singh is an Indian film and television actor and model.	Rajbeer Singh	actor
occupation	Sevgi Çağal, born on February 17, 1957 in New York, U.S. is a Turkish painter and sculptor.	Sevgi Çağal	painter
occupation	Kenjiro Shoda (Japanese: 正田 建次郎 Shōda Kenjirō; February 25, 1902 -- March 20, 1977) was a Japanese mathematician.	Kenjiro Shoda	mathematician
occupation	John Cacavas (August 13, 1930 -- January 28, 2014) was an American composer and conductor probably best known for his television scores, such as Kojak, for which he was the chief composer.	John Cacavas	composer
occupation	Dick Grune (born December 7, 1939, Enschede) is a Dutch computer scientist and university lecturer best known for inventing and developing the first version of CVS, the Concurrent Versions System.	Dick Grune	computer scientist
occupation	Will Seltzer is an American actor who had supporting roles in films such as Johnny Dangerously, The Wizard and More American Graffiti.	Will Seltzer	actor
occupation	Ram Krishna Dhakal (Nepali: राम कृष्ण ढकाल, born July 23, 1974) is one of the most popular and talented pop, playback singer, actor and reality show judge of Nepal.	Ram Krishna Dhakal	actor
occupation	Peter Stefura (February 13, 1923 -- August 16, 1982) was a farmer, a municipal councilor and Reeve (both in Lamont, Alberta) and served as a Canadian federal politician from 1957 to 1958.	Peter Stefura	politician
occupation	Adrianna Luna (born May 12, 1984) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress, model, and men's club feature dancer.	Adrianna Luna	model
occupation	José de Jesús Tizol was a Puerto Rican politician, senator and delegate.	José de Jesús Tizol	politician
occupation	Rima Assaf is a Lebanese journalist and anchor.	Rima Assaf	journalist
occupation	Ron Tomme (October 24, 1931 -- January 29, 2005) was an American actor, best known for his long-running role as Bruce Sterling on the CBS soap opera Love of Life from 1959 to 1980.	Ron Tomme	actor
occupation	Lisa McCormick (born c.1971) is a singer/songwriter from Vermont.	Lisa McCormick	singer
occupation	Gino Santercole is an Italian singer/songwriter, guitarist, and actor.	Gino Santercole	singer	actor
occupation	Khaled Al Khamissi (born September 27, 1962) is an Egyptian novelist, columnist, lecturer, writer and cultural activist.	Khaled Al Khamissi	writer
occupation	Bayard Tuckerman, Jr. (April 19, 1889 -- April 14, 1974) was an American jockey, businessman, and politician.	Bayard Tuckerman, Jr.	jockey	politician
occupation	April Flowers was a prominent exotic dancer at the Tropicana Club.	April Flowers	exotic dancer
occupation	Sean Rogerson (born September 30, 1977) is a Canadian actor and former photomodel, known for his role as Lance Preston in the horror films, Grave Encounters and Grave Encounters 2.	Sean Rogerson	actor
occupation	Kakhaber Tsakadze, is a Georgian ski jumper.	Kakhaber Tsakadze	ski jumper
occupation	Ruti Zisser (born July 1974) is an Israeli American lifestyle designer, fashion designer, wardrobe stylist, and a business woman, publicly known by her first name, Ruti.	Ruti Zisser	fashion designer
occupation	Frank Park (March 3, 1864 -- November 20, 1925) was an American politician, educator, lawyer and jurist from the state of Georgia.	Frank Park	politician	lawyer
occupation	Patrick M. Seymour (born February 27, 1990 in Albany, New York) is an Irish-American voice actor who has mostly worked for many independent companies like GalaxyTrail, Azure Productions, Azurous Studios, and Voiceiyuu.	Patrick M. Seymour	voice actor
occupation	Rhea-Simone Auguste (born July 30, 1984) is an award-winning print journalist in Trinidad and Tobago.	Rhea-Simone Auguste	journalist
occupation	Frédérique Dumas (born May 18, 1963) is a French film producer and the CEO of Studio 37, the film production subsidiary of Orange.	Frédérique Dumas	film producer
occupation	Lloyd Gough (September 21, 1907 -- July 23, 1984) was an American theater, film, and television actor.	Lloyd Gough	actor
occupation	Jack Atley is an Australian photographer and race car driver	Jack Atley	photographer
occupation	Chaochih Liu (born February 10, 1993; simplified Chinese: 刘兆芝; traditional Chinese: 劉兆芝; pinyin: Liú Zhàozhī) is a Taiwanese-American figure skater who competed internationally for Taiwan in ladies singles.	Chaochih Liu	figure skater
occupation	Thomas Kane Roberts, better known as Tom Kane, (born April 15, 1962) is an American voice actor.	Tom Kane	voice actor
occupation	Gregory Mcdonald (February 15, 1937 -- September 7, 2008) was an American mystery writer best known for his creation of the character Irwin Maurice Fletcher, an investigative reporter who preferred the nickname ``Fletch.''	Gregory Mcdonald	writer
occupation	Bernart de la Barta (fl. 1229), also spelled Bernarnz Delabarta or Benart de la Barda, was a troubadour from La Barthe, the location of which is unknown.	Bernart de la Barta	troubadour
occupation	Susan Delacourt is an award-winning Canadian political journalist.	Susan Delacourt	journalist
occupation	Erwin Otto Marx was a German electrical engineer who invented the Marx generator, a device for producing high voltage electrical pulses.	Erwin Otto Marx	engineer
occupation	Yakir Gueron or Preciado Gueron was a Turkish rabbi.	Yakir Gueron	rabbi
occupation	Daniel St. Pierre (aka Dan St. Pierre) is an American film director, art director, production designer, actor, animation artist, and musician.	Daniel St. Pierre	film director
occupation	Wayne R. Dynes (born August 23, 1934) is an American art historian, encyclopedist, and bibliographer.	Wayne R. Dynes	art historian
occupation	Gazbia Sirry (Arabic: جاذبية سري‎) (born 1925) is an Egyptian painter.	Gazbia Sirry	painter
occupation	Austorc d'Aorlhac or Aurilhac (fl. 1250) was an Auvergnat troubadour from whom only one sirvente survives.	Austorc d'Aorlhac	troubadour
occupation	William James Armstrong (October 31, 1826 -- December 8, 1915 ) was a merchant, miller and politician in British Columbia.	William James Armstrong	politician
occupation	Andy Willsheer is a British photographer, mainly known for his work with automobiles and auto racing.	Andy Willsheer	photographer
occupation	Hunter Beard (born July 28, 1981) is an American rapper, record producer, businessman, and controversial public figure, from Little Rock, Arkansas.	Hunter Beard	rapper
occupation	Nick Fiorucci is a Canadian electronic and dance music DJ, songwriter, remixer, producer, and founder of record label Hi-Bias Records, and founder and owner of zipDJ, subscription-based digital music pool.	Nick Fiorucci	songwriter
occupation	Sergei Ivanovich Mosin (Russian: Серге́й Ива́нович Мо́син, Apr 2 or 14, 1849 - February 8, 1902) was a Russian military officer, engineer, and a designer of the Mosin--	Sergei Ivanovich Mosin	engineer
occupation	Robertus Anglicus (Robert the Englishman) was an English astronomer of the thirteenth century.	Robertus Anglicus	astronomer
occupation	Dr. Conrad Gorinsky is a Guyana-born chemist who studied in the UK.	Conrad Gorinsky	chemist
occupation	Sahara Smith (born September 26, 1988) is an American singer-songwriter who released her debut album in 2010.	Sahara Smith	singer-songwriter
occupation	Paul Makanowitzky (June 20, 1920 Stockholm -- February 24, 1998 Freeport, Maine) was an American violinist, and violin teacher.	Paul Makanowitzky	violinist
occupation	Cyril Lloyd Francis PC (March 19, 1920 -- January 20, 2007) was a Canadian politician and one time Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons.	Lloyd Francis	politician
occupation	Andrew Ainslie Common FRS (1841--1903) was an English amateur astronomer best known for his pioneering work in astrophotography.	Andrew Ainslie Common	astronomer
occupation	Doris Zemurray Stone (November 19, 1909 -- October 21, 1994) was an archaeologist and ethnographer, specializing in pre-Columbian Mesoamerica and the so-called ``Intermediate Area'' of lower Central America.	Doris Zemurray Stone	archaeologist
occupation	Isidore Clut (February 4, 1832 -- July 9, 1903) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, Oblate of Mary Immaculate, and Auxiliary Bishop of Athabaska Mackenzie from 1864 to 1903.	Isidore Clut	priest
occupation	Josephine Herbst (March 5, 1892 -- January 28, 1969) was an American writer and journalist, active from 1923 to near the time of her death.	Josephine Herbst	writer	journalist
occupation	Anne Jeffreys (born Anne Carmichael; January 26, 1923) is an American actress and singer.	Anne Jeffreys	singer
occupation	Cheryl Forberg, RD, is a New York Times best-selling author, a James Beard Award-winning chef, and the nutritionist for The Biggest Loser.	Cheryl Forberg	chef
occupation	Allam Narayana is a Telugu language journalist, poet, writer, columnist and chief editor of Namaste Telangana.	Allam Narayana	journalist
occupation	Rubén Olivares (born January 14, 1947) is a former Mexican boxer and current member of the Boxing Hall of Fame.	Rubén Olivares	boxer
occupation	Jerry Winsett (born July 19, 1950) is an actor, writer and singer who has appeared in numerous television shows including Coach, Mr. Belvedere, It's Garry Shandling's Show and Newhart as well as such films as The Chosen, One Crazy Summer, Ragtime, and Woody Allen's Radio Days.	Jerry Winsett	actor
occupation	Richard Morris Hunt (October 31, 1827 -- July 31, 1895) was an American architect of the nineteenth century and a preeminent figure in the history of American architecture.	Richard Morris Hunt	architect
occupation	Will Mackenzie (born July 24, 1938) is an American television director and actor.	Will Mackenzie	actor
occupation	Anita Dongre (born October 3, 1963) is a fashion designer from India.	Anita Dongre	fashion designer
occupation	Shown up as a gangster without the political sensitivity of even Slim Charles, Stringer storms off and is caught in a fatal ambush set up by Omar and Brother Mouzone.	Slim Charles	gangster
occupation	Murray Lerner is an American documentary and experimental film director and producer.	Murray Lerner	film director
occupation	Paz Alicia Garciadiego (México D.F. 2 September 1949) is a Mexican screenwriter known for her scripts for her husband (Arturo Ripstein)'s films.	Paz Alicia Garciadiego	screenwriter
occupation	Josh MacPhee is an artist, curator and activist living in Brooklyn, New York.	Josh MacPhee	artist
occupation	Tributo to Pino Rucher (Soundtracks -- A Tribute to Pino Rucher), took place at the Cine-Teatro Italia of San Nicandro to recall the musician's extraordinary career as RAI soloist and his assiduous work for such historic record companies as RCA and Fonit Cetra.	Pino Rucher	musician
occupation	Robert Newhard (April 28, 1884 -- May 20, 1945) also known as Robert S. Newhard, Robert Newhardt and Robert Newhart was an American cinematographer.	Robert Newhard	cinematographer
occupation	Stanislav Lakoba (Abkhaz: Станислав Лакоба, Georgian: სტანისლავ ლაკობა; born 1953) is an academic and politician from Abkhazia.	Stanislav Lakoba	politician
occupation	Richard More (died 1635) of Cuddington, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.	Richard More (died 1635)	politician
occupation	Jason Scott Sadofsky (born September 13, 1970), more commonly known as Jason Scott, is an American archivist, historian of technology, and filmmaker.	Jason Scott	archivist
occupation	Anke Sonnenbrodt is a German freestyle swimmer who won two silver medals at the 1983 European Aquatics Championships.	Anke Sonnenbrodt	swimmer
occupation	Jeremiah Bitsui is a Native American actor, best known for his portrayal of Victor in the AMC series Breaking Bad.	Jeremiah Bitsui	actor
occupation	Max Cortés is a Spanish stripper, pornographic actor and film director.	Max Cortés	film director
occupation	Richard Denner (born November 21, 1941) is an American poet associated with the Berkeley Street Poets and the Poets of the Pacific Northwest.	Richard Denner	poet
occupation	Alice Stone Blackwell (September 14, 1857 -- March 15, 1950) was an American feminist, suffragist, journalist, and human rights advocate.	Alice Stone Blackwell	feminist	journalist
occupation	Naghma (Pashto: نغمه, born January 1, 1964(citation needed)) is a prominent Afghan singer who started in the early 1980s.	Naghma	singer
occupation	Stuart C. Sealfon, M.D., is an American neurologist who studies the mechanisms of both the therapeutic and adverse effects of drugs.	Stuart C. Sealfon	neurologist
occupation	Timothy Browning is a mathematician working in number theory, examining the interface of analytic number theory and Diophantine geometry.	Timothy Browning	mathematician
occupation	Arthur Gostick Shorrock (1861--1945), a pioneer Baptist missionary in China for 40 years.	Arthur Gostick Shorrock	missionary
occupation	Julien Christian Lutz (born October 31, 1975), better known as Little X, X or Director X, is a Canadian music video director.	Director X	music video director
occupation	Jan Degenhardt (July 9, 1962) is a German Lawyer and folk-singer.	Jan Degenhardt	singer
occupation	Jamo Thomas is an American soul and funk singer, best remembered for his 1966 hit single, ``I Spy (For the FBI)''.	Jamo Thomas	singer
occupation	Marie Forleo (born December 7, 1975) is an American life coach, motivational speaker, author and web television host.	Marie Forleo	motivational speaker
occupation	Valeria Gastaldi (born December 5, 1981) is an Argentine singer, and also a former member of the popgroup Bandana.	Valeria Gastaldi	singer
occupation	Andy Chanley is an American voice-over artist, actor, and radio personality.	Andy Chanley	actor
occupation	Destiny Lightsy is an American actress, singer and dancer who serves as the co-host for the third season of MTV's reality game show Yo Momma, hosted by Wilmer Valderrama.	Destiny Lightsy	dancer
occupation	Magdalen Hsu-Li is an American singer-songwriter, painter, speaker, writer and cultural activist.	Magdalen Hsu-Li	singer-songwriter
occupation	LaMont Johnson (October 1, 1941 -- October 21, 1999) was an American jazz pianist who played in the hard bop and post-bop genres.	LaMont Johnson	pianist
occupation	Asha Ali (born June 7, 1980) is an Ethiopian-Swedish singer-songwriter.	Asha Ali	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ben Pronsky (Born November 15, 1978) is an American actor and voice actor.	Ben Pronsky	voice actor
occupation	David Common is a Canadian journalist, best known as a correspondent and anchor for CBC News.	David Common	journalist
occupation	George Leslie Mackay (Chinese: 偕叡理 or 馬偕; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kai Jōe-lí or Má-kai; March 21, 1844 -- June 2, 1901, aged 57) was the first Presbyterian missionary to northern Formosa (Qing-era Taiwan).	George Leslie Mackay	missionary
occupation	Charles A. Cummings, or Charles A. Comings, was a Michigan politician.	Charles A. Cummings	politician
occupation	Henry F. Dimock (March 28, 1842 -- April 10, 1911) was a lawyer in New York City who was closely associated with the Whitney family business interests.	Henry F. Dimock	lawyer
occupation	Vilhjalmur Stefansson (Icelandic: Vilhjálmur Stefánsson) (November 3, 1879 -- August 26, 1962) was a Canadian Arctic explorer and ethnologist.	Vilhjalmur Stefansson	explorer
occupation	Frank Gill Slaughter (February 25, 1908 -- May 17, 2001), pen-name Frank G. Slaughter, pseudonym C.V. Terry, was an American novelist and physician whose books sold more than 60 million copies.	Frank G. Slaughter	novelist
occupation	Mridula Mukherjee (née Mridula Mahajan) is an Indian historian known for her Congress leanings, and work on the role of peasants in the Indian independence movement.	Mridula Mukherjee	historian
occupation	Louise Leblanc (June 10, 1942) is a Canadian writer living in Quebec.	Louise Leblanc	writer
occupation	Peter Durrett (c. 1733 -- 1823) (also appeared in records as Peter Duerrett) was a Baptist preacher and slave, who with his wife founded the First African Baptist Church of Lexington, Kentucky by 1790.	Peter Durrett	preacher
occupation	Jeremy Hackett is a British fashion designer and business entrepreneur who co-founded the British menswear company Hackett.	Jeremy Hackett	fashion designer
occupation	Roy Buchanan (September 23, 1939 -- August 14, 1988) was an American guitarist and blues musician.	Roy Buchanan	musician
occupation	Kevin Chamberlin (born November 23,1963) is an American actor and television director.	Kevin Chamberlin	actor
occupation	Douglas E. Davis (born September 17, 1966), better known by the stage name Doug E. Fresh, is a Barbadian born American rapper, record producer, and beat boxer, also known as the Human Beat Box.	Doug E. Fresh	rapper
occupation	César Moro (August 19, 1903 -- January 10, 1956) is the pseudonym of Alfredo Quíspez Asín, a Peruvian poet and painter.	César Moro	poet	painter
occupation	Roberto Cassá Bernaldo de Quirós is a Dominican historian, writer, and educator.	Roberto Cassá	historian
occupation	Eran Kolirin (Hebrew: ערן קולירין) is an Israeli screenwriter and film director.	Eran Kolirin	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Liz Carr is a British actress, stand-up comedian, broadcaster and international disability rights activist, who studied law at Nottingham University.	Liz Carr	comedian
occupation	John H. McMasters (April 26, 1939 -- February 13, 2008) was an aeronautical engineer notable for his contributions to aerodynamics and engineering education.	John H. McMasters	engineer
occupation	William Bullen (dates unknown) was an outstanding English cricketer throughout the last quarter of the 18th century.	William Bullen	cricketer
occupation	Sam Millar is a crime writer and playwright.	Sam Millar	writer
occupation	Robert Wayne Rainey, born March 16, 1966, is a director/photographer, and artistic community activist based in Phoenix, Arizona.	Robert Wayne Rainey	photographer
occupation	Merton Clive Cook (1868--1931), also known as Merton Clivette, was an American painter, magician, writer, vaudevillian and entertainer who spent most of his early life traveling the world entertaining before settling in New York to paint permanently.	Merton Clivette	painter
occupation	William Corwin Stuart (April 28, 1920 -- August 12, 2010) was a United States federal judge, and a former justice of the Iowa Supreme Court.	William Corwin Stuart	judge
occupation	Donald W. Fiske was a nationally recognized psychologist with specialty in methodological issues in personality, ability, and trait research.	Donald W. Fiske	psychologist
occupation	Moses Hampton Todd (August 31, 1845--November 7, 1935) was a Pennsylvania lawyer, who served as state Attorney General.	Moses Hampton Todd	lawyer
occupation	Pete Gofton is a Sunderland-based musician and producer who is well known on the North East music scene and has been involved with many artists either playing with them or producing.	Pete Gofton	musician
occupation	Harald Damsleth (August 16, 1906 - March 1, 1971) was a Norwegian cartoonist, illustrator and ad-man.	Harald Damsleth	illustrator
occupation	Prodromos Moutafoglou, better known by his stage name Prodromos Tsaousakis, was a popular Greek rebetiko singer, songwriter and composer from	Prodromos Tsaousakis	singer	composer
occupation	Ashley Támar Davis, known professionally as Támar, is an American R&B singer who came to prominence through her association with the artist Prince.	Támar	singer
occupation	Bennett Keith Schaeufele (March 6, 1937 -- July 26, 2010), better known by his stage name Ben Keith, was an American musician and record producer.	Ben Keith	record producer
occupation	Nicholas Guyatt is a British historian and author and a lecturer in modern history at the University of York in the United Kingdom.	Nicholas Guyatt	historian
occupation	Walter Ransom Gail Baker (November 30, 1892 -- October 30, 1960) was an American electrical engineer.	Walter Ransom Gail Baker	engineer
occupation	James Hamilton Ross (May 12, 1856 -- December 14, 1932) was a Canadian politician, the Yukon Territory's third Commissioner, and an ardent defender of territorial rights.	James Hamilton Ross	politician
occupation	Phillip Kayode Moses (born June 5, 1994) better known as Pheelz, is a Nigerian audio engineer and record producer who produced the single by Olamide titled ``Durosoke'' which went on to get him nominated in the ``Producer of The Year'' category at The Headies 2013.	Pheelz	audio engineer	record producer
occupation	Ellen Prince (born 1944 - October 24, 2010) was an American linguist.	Ellen Prince	linguist
occupation	Charles Westley Abbott (February 25, 1877 -- June 26, 1941) was an American football coach and lawyer.	Westley Abbott	lawyer
occupation	Rene Ricard (July 23, 1946 -- February 1, 2014) was an American poet, art critic and painter.	Rene Ricard	poet
occupation	Nripjit Singh Bedi (commonly known as ``Nippy'') (born June 1, 1940) is a volleyball player who was a member of the Indian national team and competed in the silver medal-winning effort at the 4th Asian Games.	Nripjit Singh Bedi	volleyball player
occupation	Gomes de Sequeira was a Portuguese explorer in the early 16th century.	Gomes de Sequeira	explorer
occupation	Rudolf Mosse (May 8, 1843 -- September 8, 1920) was a German publisher and philanthropist.	Rudolf Mosse	publisher
occupation	Robert K. Barklay (born January 22, 1960), professionally known as Rocky Shades, is an English singer.	Rocky Shades	singer
occupation	Hiroya Hatsushiba (Japanese: 初芝 弘也, Hatsushiba Hiroya) is the founder of video game developer tri-Crescendo, and a long time sound programmer for composer Motoi Sakuraba, whom he also gives English titles of the tracks Sakuraba creates.	Hiroya Hatsushiba	video game developer
occupation	Solomon J. Buchsbaum (December 4, 1929 - March 8, 1993) was a Polish American physicist and technologist, best known as chair of the White House Science Council under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, and as a senior executive at Bell Laboratories.	Solomon J. Buchsbaum	physicist
occupation	Liang Lingzan (simplified Chinese: 梁令瓒; traditional Chinese: 梁令瓚; pinyin: Liáng Lìngzàn; Wade--Giles: Liang Ling-Tsan) was a Tang Dynasty military engineer and government official of the Kaiyuan era.	Liang Lingzan	engineer
occupation	Yvette Lu, M.D. is a Canadian independent film and stage actress, filmmaker, singer, composer, writer and producer, as well as a licensed family physician.	Yvette Lu	writer
occupation	Sir (James) Forrest Fulton (12 July 1846 -- 25 June 1926) was a British judge and Conservative politician.	Forrest Fulton	judge	politician
occupation	Robert Kirkland Henry (February 9, 1890 -- November 20, 1946) was a banker and politician from Wisconsin.	Robert Kirkland Henry	politician
occupation	Bogusław Linda (Polish: (bɔˈɡuswaf ˈlinda); born 1952) is a Polish actor known from films such as Psy and Tato.	Bogusław Linda	actor
occupation	Gabriela Firea (born Gabriela Vrânceanu, July 13, 1972) is a Romanian journalist and politician.	Gabriela Firea	journalist
occupation	Millard Meiss (March 25, 1904 - June 12, 1975) was an American art historian, one of whose specialties was Gothic architecture.	Millard Meiss	art historian
occupation	Edna Schmidt (born August 8, 1969) is a journalist who was a news anchor for Noticiero Univision Edición Nocturna.	Edna Schmidt	journalist
occupation	Matt Shakman (born August 8, 1975) is an American film, television, and theatre director, and former child actor.	Matt Shakman	actor
occupation	Johnny Keyser (born August 24, 1988) is an American singer, songwriter, composer and recording artist, born in Pompano Beach, Florida.	Johnny Keyser	singer, songwriter
occupation	Marc Silverstein (born July 1) is an American screenwriter, producer, actor, and director.	Marc Silverstein	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Attila Verestóy (born March 1, 1954) is a Romanian chemical engineer and politician.	Attila Verestóy	engineer
occupation	Jörg Mauthe (1924--1986) was a chain-smoking Austrian writer, journalist and broadcasting executive.	Jörg Mauthe	journalist
occupation	Moorfield Storey (March 19, 1845 -- October 24, 1929) was an American lawyer, publicist, and civil rights leader.	Moorfield Storey	lawyer
occupation	Bessie Harvey (born Bessie Ruth White on October 11, 1929, died August 12, 1994) was an American folk artist best known for her sculptures constructed out of found objects, primarily pieces of found wood.	Bessie Harvey	artist
occupation	In 2001 The New York Times chose Karita Mattila as the best singer of the year for her performance in Fidelio at the Metropolitan Opera, and in the same year she was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award ``Outstanding Achievement in Opera''.	Karita Mattila	singer
occupation	Sohini Alam (Bengali: সোহিনী আলম) is a British singer of Bangladeshi descent.	Sohini Alam	singer
occupation	Mark Gelernter is an American academic, architectural historian, and writer.	Mark Gelernter	historian
occupation	William Ryan Fritch (also known under the moniker Vieo Abiungo) is an American musician, composer, and producer, currently residing in Oakland, California.	William Ryan Fritch	composer
occupation	Robert Mark Kamen is an American screenwriter who has been writing major motion pictures for over twenty-five years.	Robert Mark Kamen	screenwriter
occupation	Carol D. Goodheart is an American psychologist and a past president of the American Psychological Association (APA).	Carol D. Goodheart	psychologist
occupation	In 2008, he let singer Lea Anne Creswell come to his home and choose an album's worth of songs, which the artist released with the album title Lea Anne Sings Hank Cochran and ....	Hank Cochran	singer
occupation	Nicholas Negroponte (born December 1, 1943) is a Greek American architect.	Nicholas Negroponte	architect
occupation	Wlastimil Hofman (1881--1970) was a Polish painter, one of the more popular painters of the interwar and postwar years.	Wlastimil Hofman	painter
occupation	Parul Gulati (Punjabi: ਪਾਰੁਲ ਗੁਲਾਟੀ, Hindi: पारुल गुलाटी) is a Rohtak born Indian actor but now resides in Mumbai.	Parul Gulati	actor
occupation	Toby Buonagurio is a US artist known for her ``flamboyant'' ceramics.	Toby Buonagurio	artist
occupation	Francisco Emilio Flynn Rodríguez (April 13, 1921 -- August 23, 2001), better known as Frank Emilio Flynn, was a renowned Cuban pianist.	Frank Emilio Flynn	pianist
occupation	Sergey Mikayelyan (Armenian: Սերգեյ Միքայելյան; born April 27, 1992) is an Armenian cross-country skier who has competed since 2008.	Sergey Mikayelyan	cross-country skier
occupation	Oscar Polk (December 25, 1899 -- January 4, 1949) was an American actor, best known for his portrayal as the servant ``Pork'' in the 1939 film Gone with the Wind.	Oscar Polk	actor
occupation	Manuel Tadros (born September 30, 1956) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, actor, comedian and voice actor.	Manuel Tadros	singer	actor
occupation	Celeste Thorson (born July 23, 1984) is an American actress, model, screenwriter, and activist.	Celeste Thorson	model
occupation	Brian Selznick (born July 14, 1966) is an American illustrator and writer best known for illustrating children's books.	Brian Selznick	illustrator	writer
occupation	Bo Weavil Jackson (dates and places of birth and death unknown, real name said to be James Butler), was an African-American blues singer and guitarist.	Bo Weavil Jackson	singer
occupation	Edward Pulgar is a Venezuelan violinist and conductor.	Edward Pulgar	conductor
occupation	Alan Aderem, PhD, is a biologist, specializing in immunology and cell biology.	Alan Aderem	biologist
occupation	Georges Richard himself nevertheless continued to play a leading role in the French auto industry, establishing in 1905 the Unic automobile business which half a century later, having switched its focus from passenger cars to commercial vehicles, had evolved into a leading French truck manufacturer.	Georges Richard	manufacturer
occupation	Herbert Lewis Hardwick Arroyo a.k.a. ``Cocoa Kid'' (May 2, 1914 -- December 27, 1966) was an Afro Puerto Rican boxer who fought primarily as a welterweight but also in the middleweight division.	Herbert Lewis Hardwick	boxer
occupation	India Summer (born April 26, 1975) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress and nude model.	India Summer	model
occupation	Strato of Lampsacus (/ˈstreɪtoʊ/; Greek: Στράτων Straton, gen.: Στράτωνος; c. 335 -- c. 269 BC) was a Peripatetic philosopher, and the third director (scholarch) of the Lyceum after the death of Theophrastus.	Strato of Lampsacus	philosopher
occupation	Maurizio Oioli (born July 9, 1981) is an Italian skeleton racer who competed since 2002.	Maurizio Oioli	skeleton racer
occupation	Alvan Markle (August 29, 1861−March 19, 1931) was an American banker, businessman, engineer, and inventor based in Hazleton, Pennsylvania.	Alvan Markle	engineer
occupation	Dr. Muhammad Hashim Esmatullahi is an Afghan journalist and head of the Union of Afghan Journalists.	Muhammad Hashim Esmatullahi	journalist
occupation	Seymour Simons, (January 14, 1896 - February 12, 1949) was an American pianist, composer, orchestra leader, and radio producer.	Seymour Simons	composer
occupation	Alhaji Ahmed Ramadan is Ghanaian politician and former chairman of People's National Convention (PNC).	Ahmed Ramadan	politician
occupation	D. P. Agrawal (Dharma Pal Agrawal) is a historian of Indian science and technology, archaeologist, and author.	D. P. Agrawal	archaeologist
occupation	Jean-Louis Roy (born February 1941) is a Canadian historian, journalist and diplomat.	Jean-Louis Roy	historian	journalist	diplomat
occupation	Kevin Stitt is an ACE-certified film editor.	Kevin Stitt	film editor
occupation	Laura Watkinson is a British literary translator.	Laura Watkinson	translator
occupation	Demetrios Christodoulou (Greek: Δημήτριος Χριστοδούλου; born October 19, 1951) is a Greek mathematician and physicist, who first became well known for his proof, together with Sergiu Klainerman, of the nonlinear stability of the Minkowski spacetime of special relativity in the framework of general relativity.	Demetrios Christodoulou	mathematician	physicist
occupation	Aaro Vainio (born October 2, 1993 in Espoo) is a Finnish racing driver, currently contesting in the GP3 series.	Aaro Vainio	racing driver
occupation	Corinne Michelle West (1908--1991) was an American painter; she also used the names Mikael and Michael West.	Corinne Michelle West	painter
occupation	John A. Lucy is an American linguist and psychologist who has been studying the relations between language and cognition, the hypothesis of linguistic relativity, for the past 30 years.	John A. Lucy	linguist	psychologist
occupation	Steven Weinberg (born May 3, 1933) is an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate in Physics for his contributions with Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow to the unification of the weak force and electromagnetic interaction between elementary particles.	Steven Weinberg	physicist
occupation	Ovid Tzeng (Chinese: 曾志朗; pinyin: Zēng Zhìlǎng; Wade--Giles: Tseng Chih-lang) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Ovid Tzeng	politician
occupation	K-Dee, formerly Kid Disaster, born Darrel Johnson, is an American rapper most known for his album Ass, Gas, or Cash (No One Rides for Free).	K-Dee	rapper
occupation	Chandler Burr (born December 30, 1963) is an American journalist, author, and museum curator.	Chandler Burr	journalist
occupation	Malese Jow (born Elizabeth Melise Jow; February 18, 1991) is an American actress and singer-songwriter.	Malese Jow	singer-songwriter
occupation	Louis A. Craco is a New York City lawyer, partner with the law firm Willkie, Farr & Gallagher, and a former president of the New York City Bar Association	Louis A. Craco	lawyer
occupation	Patrick John Ladd, professionally referred to as PJ Ladd, (born January 11, 1983) is an American professional skateboarder whose stance is regular.	PJ Ladd	skateboarder
occupation	James A. Andersen (born September 21, 1924) is an American former politician and judge in the state of Washington.	James A. Andersen	politician
occupation	Dainis Krištopāns (born September 27, 1990, Ludza) is a Latvian handball player who plays for HC Meshkov Brest in the Belarusian Men's Handball Championship.	Dainis Krištopāns	handball player
occupation	Luce Fabbri (1908 - 2000) was an Italian anarchist writer, publisher and daughter of Luigi Fabbri.	Luce Fabbri	writer
occupation	Jacek Salij OP (born 19 August 1942, Budy, Wołyń) is a Polish theologian and Thomist, philosopher, Roman Catholic priest, Dominican, translator, writer and publicist.	Jacek Salij	philosopher
occupation	Ronald M. Whyte (born October 25, 1942) is a United States federal judge in San Jose, California.	Ronald M. Whyte	judge
occupation	Franz von Hipper joined the German Navy in 1881 as an officer cadet.	Franz von Hipper	officer
occupation	Kinnosuke Ogura (born Sakata, Yamagata, 1885 -- 1962, Japanese: 小倉金之助) was a Japanese mathematician and historian of mathematics.	Kinnosuke Ogura	mathematician	historian of mathematics
occupation	Marshall Ledbetter, Jr. (June 10, 1969 -- July 14, 2003) was an American photographer, psychedelics enthusiast, iconoclast and unconventional protester.	Marshall Ledbetter	photographer
occupation	David Anderle (July 9, 1937 -- September 1, 2014) was an American record producer.	David Anderle	record producer
occupation	Karl Kroeger (born April 13, 1932) is an American composer and professor of music at several universities.	Karl Kroeger	composer
occupation	Monty Powell (born in Resaca, Georgia) is an American country music songwriter best known for collaborating with Keith Urban, and for producing albums by Diamond Rio.	Monty Powell	songwriter
occupation	Branny Schepanovich, Q.C. (August 2, 1941 -- January 15, 2007) was an Alberta lawyer and former politician.	Branny Schepanovich	lawyer	politician
occupation	Earle G. Shettleworth, Jr. (born August 17, 1948) is a Maine historian.	Earle G. Shettleworth, Jr.	historian
occupation	Jane Cross Simpson (1811--1886) was a Scottish writer, known as a hymn-writer and poet.	Jane Cross Simpson	writer
occupation	Dorinda Clark-Cole (born Dorinda Grace Clark on October 19, 1957) is a three-time Grammy Award-winning American evangelist and gospel singer.	Dorinda Clark-Cole	singer
occupation	John Beverley Robinson (February 21, 1821 -- June 19, 1896) was a Canadian politician, lawyer and businessman.	John Beverley Robinson	politician
occupation	Yoshiyuki Saito (born in Naha-shi, Okinawa) is a Japanese professional wrestler best known by his ring name Super Shisa, currently wrestling for Dragon Gate.	Super Shisa	professional wrestler
occupation	Andrew Singleton is a British neurogeneticist currently working in the USA.	Andrew Singleton	neurogeneticist
occupation	Barry Baldwin (born in England in 1937) is a classicist, journalist and author of mystery fiction.	Barry Baldwin	journalist
occupation	Joseph Oscar Loya (born June 12, 1979) is an American singer and Broadway musical theatre performer.	Oscar Loya	singer
occupation	Jyhan Artut (born October 9, 1976) is a German darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Jyhan Artut	darts player
occupation	Gilda Gray (October 24, 1901 -- December 22, 1959) was an American actress and dancer who popularizing a dance called the ``shimmy'' which became fashionable in 1920s films and theater productions.	Gilda Gray	dancer
occupation	Edith Frost (born August 18, 1964) is an American singer-songwriter who describes her music as ``pensive countrified psychedelia''.	Edith Frost	singer-songwriter
occupation	Peter G. Morin is an American attorney, novelist, and politician who represented the 2nd Barnstable District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1985 to 1991.	Peter G. Morin	politician
occupation	Sergio Sighinolfi (April 25, 1925 in Modena -- September 7 1956 in San Venanzo) was an Italian racing driver.	Sergio Sighinolfi	racing driver
occupation	Jackie Payne (September 26, 1945 - ) is an American blues singer.	Jackie Payne	singer
occupation	Mateusz Kossior, also Kosior, Kossiur, Kossyor, Mateusz Koło, (16th century) was a Polish painter and sculptor of the late Renaissance.	Mateusz Kossior	painter
occupation	George Tisdale Hodges (July 4, 1789 -- August 9, 1860) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Vermont.	George Tisdale Hodges	politician
occupation	Tremoleta was a Catalan troubadour mentioned by the Monge de Montaudon in his satire of contemporary troubadours (c.1195).	Tremoleta	troubadour
occupation	Franz Sedlacek (1891--1945) was an Austrian painter who belonged to the tradition known as ``New Objectivity'' (``neue Sachlichkeit''), an artistic movement similar to Magical Realism.	Franz Sedlacek	painter
occupation	Brad Raider (born April 28, 1975) is an American stage and screen actor, director, and producer.	Brad Raider	actor
occupation	Zhao Yuan (simplified Chinese: 赵原; traditional Chinese: 趙原; pinyin: Zhào Yuán; Wade--Giles: Chao Yüan) is a noted Chinese painter in late Yuan and early Ming Dynasty.	Zhao Yuan	painter
occupation	William Whiting Borden (November 1, 1887 -- April 9, 1913) was a Christian missionary to Northern China and an heir to his father's real estate fortune.	William Whiting Borden	missionary
occupation	John A. Fox (1836--1920) was a prominent American architect who was considered the ``Father of Stick Style'' American architecture.	John A. Fox	architect
occupation	Robert Majzels (born May 12, 1950) is a Canadian novelist, poet, playwright and translator.	Robert Majzels	translator
occupation	A career lawyer, entrepreneur and public servant, Harry E. Johnson (b. in St. Louis, Missouri, United States), is a Partner at the Law Office of Glenn and Johnson in Houston, Texas.	Harry E. Johnson	lawyer
occupation	Merete Wiger (January 3, 1921 - December 24, 2015) was a Norwegian novelist, author of short stories, children's writer and playwright.	Merete Wiger	writer
occupation	Roberto Arango-Vinent is a Cuban American politician who served as a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from January 2005 until August 2011.	Roberto Arango	politician
occupation	Kevin Ferguson (born February 8, 1974), better known as Kimbo Slice, is a Bahamian-born American boxer, mixed martial artist, and occasional actor.	Kimbo Slice	boxer	actor
occupation	Derry Beckett (born 1918) was an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Cork senior teams.	Derry Beckett	hurler
occupation	Rose Melberg is a musician and songwriter from Sacramento, California, currently based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Rose Melberg	musician	songwriter
occupation	Sun Xing (born October 16, 1963) is a Hong Kong actor and Mandopop singer born in Guangzhou, China.	Sun Xing	singer
occupation	Reidar Särestöniemi (1925-05-14 Kittilä -- 1981-05-27 Kittilä) was a Finnish painter from Finnish Lapland.	Reidar Särestöniemi	painter
occupation	Jack Barlow (1924--2011) was an American country music singer and songwriter.	Jack Barlow	singer
occupation	Silvestro Mattei (1653--1739) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born and active in Rome and Ascoli Piceno.	Silvestro Mattei	painter
occupation	Joel Cox (Born April 2, 1942) is an American film editor.	Joel Cox	film editor
occupation	Ego Leonard is a Dutch painter and sculptor, and possibly an anonymous guerrilla artist, whose works prominently feature outsized Lego figures.	Ego Leonard	sculptor
occupation	Cesar Sanudo (October 26, 1943 -- August 28, 2011) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Senior PGA Tour.	Cesar Sanudo	golfer
occupation	José Antonio Cruz Oliva is a Honduran sociologist.	José Antonio Cruz Oliva	sociologist
occupation	Turjan Hyska is an Albanian singer, song-writer, and producer.	Turjan Hyska	singer
occupation	Angelina Michshuk (Kazakh: Ангелина Мищук; born May 1, 1988 in Shymkent) is a Kazakhstani sport shooter.	Angelina Michshuk	sport shooter
occupation	Betty Applewhite is the first African-American housewife to be a major character on Desperate Housewives, and is described as a ``deeply religious, overbearing single mother''.	Betty Applewhite	housewife
occupation	Marshall Trimble (born 1939) is an American author, singer, community college professor, and Arizona's official state historian.	Marshall Trimble	historian
occupation	Baron Nils Erik Wilhelm af Wetterstedt (November 8, 1815 - January 1, 1887) was a Swedish diplomat and translator of opera lyrics.	Nils Erik Wilhelm af Wetterstedt	diplomat	translator
occupation	Mike Scholz (born August 6, 1988 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian international rugby union player who plays as a centre.	Mike Scholz	rugby union player
occupation	Eduardo Lucero is a Los Angeles based United States fashion designer.	Eduardo Lucero	fashion designer
occupation	Jacques Leiser is an international artists manager and photographer who has represented and collaborated with many of the world's greatest concert pianists, composers, violinists, composers and singers.	Jacques Leiser	photographer
occupation	Ahmet Refik Altınay was a historian, writer, poet, and professor of history at Darülfünun.	Ahmet Refik Altınay	historian
occupation	Andrew Talcott (1797--1883) was an American civil engineer and close friend of Civil War General Robert E. Lee.	Andrew Talcott	engineer
occupation	Radi Nedelchev (Bulgarian: Ради Неделчев) (born April 1, 1938) is a Bulgarian artist best known as a painter of naïve art. His paintings depict mostly landscapes, village life and festivals.	Radi Nedelchev	painter
occupation	Philippe Bouvy was a Belgian boxer and Olympian.	Philippe Bouvy	boxer
occupation	Charles Jewtraw (May 5, 1900 -- January 26, 1996) was an American speed skater, who won the first gold medal (in the 500 m) at the first Winter Olympics in 1924; he finished eighth in he 1500 m and 13th in the 5000 m events.	Charles Jewtraw	speed skater
occupation	Thomas Welles Bartley (also known as Thomas W. Bartley) (February 11, 1812-- June 20, 1885) was a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Ohio.	Thomas W. Bartley	politician
occupation	Tahmoh Penikett ((ˈtaʔmo) /ˈpɛnᵻkᵻt/; born May 20, 1975) is a Canadian actor.	Tahmoh Penikett	actor
occupation	Nordic Spotlight, another online publicist focusing on Nordic music, wrote that ``There's a touch of Björk in the vocal mannerisms of Norwegian singer/songwriter Anette Askvik''.	Anette Askvik	singer
occupation	Lincoln Theodore Monroe Andrew Perry (May 30, 1902 -- November 19, 1985), better known by the stage name Stepin Fetchit, was an American comedian and film actor, who had his greatest fame throughout the 1930s.	Stepin Fetchit	actor
occupation	John 'Dusty' King (born Miller McLeod Everson, July 11, 1909 -- November 11, 1987) was a singer and film actor renowned for his Westerns particularly the Range Busters series.	John 'Dusty' King	actor
occupation	Matthias Staudacher is a German theoretical physicist who has done significant work in the area of quantum field theory.	Matthias Staudacher	physicist
occupation	J. Todd Adams is an American stage, film and television actor who lives and works primarily in Southern California.	J. Todd Adams	actor
occupation	Hemulal Yadav is an Indian cricketer who played first-class cricket for Tripura.	Hemulal Yadav	cricketer
occupation	Lisa Alther (born July 23, 1944 in Kingsport, Tennessee) is an American author and novelist.	Lisa Alther	author	novelist
occupation	Sue Carol (October 30, 1906 -- February 4, 1982) was an American actress and talent agent.	Sue Carol	talent agent
occupation	Clarice Modeste-Curwen is a politician and educator from Grenada.	Clarice Modeste-Curwen	politician
occupation	Edimilson Souza (born October 17, 1984), professionally known as Kevin Souza, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competed in the featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Kevin Souza	mixed martial artist
occupation	Mr. C. Narayanaswamy is a politician who has rendered over three decades of service to Karnataka State.	C. Narayanaswamy	politician
occupation	Roscoe Todd Karns (January 15, 1921 -- February 5, 2000) was an American actor perhaps best remembered for playing Harry Bailey, the younger brother of George Bailey (James Stewart) in the Christmas classic It's a Wonderful Life.	Todd Karns	actor
occupation	Zakiah Daradjat (November 6, 1926 -- January 15, 2013) was an Indonesian Islamic psychologist, educator, and professor of psychology at the Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University Jakarta.	Zakiah Daradjat	psychologist
occupation	H. Richard Winn is an American neurosurgeon and Professor of Neurosurgery and Neuroscience at Mount Sinai School of Medicine.	H. Richard Winn	neurosurgeon
occupation	Lorenzo Sassoli de Bianchi (born in 1952) is an Italian businessman and philanthropist, currently President of Valsoia, an Italian health food company.	Lorenzo Sassoli de Bianchi	philanthropist
occupation	Megon McDonough (formerly Megan McDonough) is an American folk/cabaret singer-songwriter and actress, from Crystal Lake, Illinois.	Megon McDonough	singer-songwriter
occupation	Eloy Fominaya, PhD (b. 10 Jun 1925 New York City; d. 8 Apr 2002, Augusta, Georgia), was an American contemporary composer, music educator at the collegiate level, conductor, violinist, and, as of 1985, a luthier.	Eloy Fominaya	composer	music educator
occupation	Hanon Reznikov (born Howard Reznick; September 23, 1950 -- May 3, 2008) was an American actor and writer.	Hanon Reznikov	actor
occupation	George Edward Alcorn, Jr. (b. March 22, 1940) is a pioneer African-American physicist and inventor who worked primarily for IBM and NASA.	George Edward Alcorn, Jr.	physicist
occupation	Ray Danniels is a Canadian music executive, record producer, and talent manager.	Ray Danniels	record producer
occupation	Rohan Sippy (Sindhi: سیپی رمیش‎) is an Indian film director and producer who has directed four films:	Rohan Sippy	film director
occupation	Willard Robertson (January 1, 1886 -- April 5, 1948) was an American actor and writer.	Willard Robertson	actor
occupation	James Alan Gardner (born January 10, 1955) is a Canadian science fiction author.	James Alan Gardner	author
occupation	Harold P. Boas (born June 26, 1954, in Evanston, Illinois, USA) is an American mathematician.	Harold P. Boas	mathematician
occupation	Manu Intiraymi (born April 22, 1978) is an American television and theatre actor, best known as Icheb on the television series Star Trek:	Manu Intiraymi	actor
occupation	Simon Templeman is an English actor known for his roles as Kain in the video game series Legacy of Kain, Jacob Danik, the main antagonist in the video game Dead Space 3, and as Teyrn Loghain Mac Tir in Dragon Age:	Simon Templeman	actor
occupation	Haseeb Hassan (sometimes Haseeb Hasan) is veteran Pakistani television drama and film director.	Haseeb Hassan	film director
occupation	Kadavanad Kuttikrishnan (October 10, 1925 -- August 19, 1992) was a Malayalam--language poet and journalist from Kerala state, South India.	Kadavanad Kuttikrishnan	journalist
occupation	Sohan Lal Jain is an Indian paleontologist, who worked for many years at the Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata.	Sohan Lal Jain	paleontologist
occupation	Peter Fanucchi is a Californian winegrower in the Russian River Valley AVA.	Peter Fanucchi	winegrower
occupation	Delia Steinberg Guzmán, (Buenos Aires, 1943), is a philosopher, music, writer and International Chairwoman of the International Organization New Acropolis, of philosophy, culture and voluntary work from the year 1991.	Delia Steinberg Guzmán	writer
occupation	Alexander P. Yefremov is a Russian physicist, vice rector at Peoples' Friendship University of Russia and director of its Institute of Gravitation and Cosmology.	Alexander P. Yefremov	physicist
occupation	Ivenue Love-Stanley, FAIA, NOMA, is an American architect.	Ivenue Love-Stanley	architect
occupation	Edith Starr Miller, Lady Queenborough (July 16, 1887 - January 16, 1933) was a New York socialite, author and anti-Mormon agitator who in 1921 became the second wife of Almeric Hugh Paget, 1st Baron Queenborough, a British Fascist.	Edith Starr Miller	socialite
occupation	Francis Ford Coppola (/ˈkoʊpələ/; born April 7, 1939) is an American film director, producer and screenwriter.	Francis Ford Coppola	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Neil D. Drysdale (born 11 December 1947, Haslemere, Surrey, England) is an American-based thoroughbred race horse trainer.	Neil D. Drysdale	horse trainer
occupation	Kenneth Elvebakk (born October 11, 1966 in Hemnesberget) is a Norwegian documentary film director and producer.	Kenneth Elvebakk	film director
occupation	Lauren Gunderson (born February 5, 1982) is an award-winning American playwright, born in Atlanta.	Lauren Gunderson	playwright
occupation	Eric Gansworth is a Haudenosaunee novelist, poet and visual artist.	Eric Gansworth	novelist
occupation	Tinca Stegovec (born April 8, 1927) is Slovenian artist, mostly printmaker and painter, and associated with the group of artists internationally known as Ljubljana Graphic School.	Tinca Stegovec	painter
occupation	Hannes Löschel (born 1963 in Vienna) is an Austrian electronic composer.	Hannes Löschel	composer
occupation	Mary Paraskeva (née Gripari, 1882--1951) was a Greek amateur photographer; her photographic legacy from the beginning of the 20th century is probably the earliest known by a Greek woman.	Mary Paraskeva	photographer
occupation	Tommie Lee Guthrie (December 27, 1937 - June 14, 2013), known professionally as Tom Tall, was an American rockabilly singer popular in the 1950s.	Tom Tall	singer
occupation	George Papassavas (January 28, 1924) is a painter who has traveled extensively throughout Latin America.	George Papassavas	painter
occupation	John Frederick Parker (May 19, 1830 -- June 28, 1890) was an American police officer for the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia.	John Frederick Parker	police officer
occupation	Jacob Lateiner, (May 31, 1928 -- December 12, 2010) was a Cuban-American pianist.	Jacob Lateiner	pianist
occupation	Lydia Canaan is a Lebanese singer-songwriter, recording artist, poet, activist, and musical pioneer widely regarded as the first rock star of the Middle East.	Lydia Canaan	singer
occupation	Lyn Ott (April 25, 1926 -- April 22, 1998), born Lynfield George Ott, was an American painter and a follower of Meher Baba.	Lyn Ott	painter
occupation	Artur Khachatryan (Armenian: Արթուր Խաչատրյան; born September 13, 1983) is an Armenian amateur boxer.	Artur Khachatryan	boxer
occupation	Victor Danielsen (March 28, 1894 -- February 2, 1961), was the first Faroese Bible translator and Plymouth Brethren missionary.	Victor Danielsen	translator
occupation	Mike Mazzei is a Republican United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma and is an Assistant Majority Floor Leader of the Oklahoma Senate.	Mike Mazzei	politician
occupation	Piero Weiss (January 26, 1928 -- October 2, 2011) was an Italian-American pianist and musicologist.	Piero Weiss	musicologist
occupation	Frances Lear (July 14, 1923, Hudson, New York -- September 30, 1996, Manhattan) was an activist, magazine publisher and writer.	Frances Lear	writer
occupation	Stanley Haidasz, PC, MD (March 4, 1923 -- August 6, 2009) was a Canadian politician.	Stanley Haidasz	politician
occupation	Patrick O'Hara was an Irish politician, general merchant and farmer.	Patrick O'Hara	politician
occupation	Joe McNally (born July 27, 1952) is an American photographer who has been shooting for the National Geographic Society since 1987.	Joe McNally	photographer
occupation	Dominic Motikoe was a Basotho politician who led the National Independent Party (NIP) and served as a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Lesotho until his death in 2009.	Dominic Motikoe	politician
occupation	Beth Amsel is an American folk singer/songwriter.	Beth Amsel	singer
occupation	Danny Dorling (born 1968) is a British social geographer and is the Halford Mackinder Professor of Geography of the School of Geography and the Environment of the University of Oxford.	Danny Dorling	geographer
occupation	Princess Nika Yourievitch was a French-born socialite and author, descended from Russian and Montenegrin nobility.	Princess Nika Yourievitch	socialite
occupation	Roger Chickering is an American historian of the German Empire and World War I. He was a professor at Georgetown University, retiring in 2010.	Roger Chickering	historian
occupation	Scott Colomby (born September 19, 1952) is an American film and stage actor, best known for his roles in Caddyshack (1980) and Porky's (1982).	Scott Colomby	actor
occupation	Floyd Kalber (December 23, 1924 -- May 13, 2004) was a noted American television journalist and anchorman, nicknamed ``The Big Tuna.''	Floyd Kalber	journalist
occupation	Albert K. Cohen (June 15, 1918 - November 25, 2014) was a prominent American criminologist.	Albert K. Cohen	criminologist
occupation	Paul Massie (born Arthur Dickinson Massé, July 7, 1932, St. Catharines, Ontario -- June 8, 2011) was a Canadian actor and academic.	Paul Massie	actor
occupation	Albert Winsemius (1910--1996), a Dutch economist, was Singapore's long-time economic advisor from 1961 to 1984.	Albert Winsemius	economist
occupation	Kristian Widmer (born October 26, 1967) is a Swiss film producer and TV-producer.	Kristian Widmer	film producer
occupation	Francesco Carrozzini (born September 9, 1982) is an Italian-born photographer and Emmy-Award-nominated director, currently based between New York City and Los Angeles.	Francesco Carrozzini	photographer
occupation	Wavis O'Shave is a surreal English musician and comedian who regularly appeared on Channel 4's music show The Tube (1982--1987).	Wavis O'Shave	comedian
occupation	Courtney Smith, better known by his stage name Fresh Caesar, is an American rapper, song writer and entrepreneur.	Fresh Caesar	entrepreneur
occupation	Marsden Hartley (January 4, 1877 -- September 2, 1943) was an American Modernist painter, poet, and essayist.	Marsden Hartley	painter	poet
occupation	Jon Lolis is an Albanian/Greek actor who is most noted for his role of Aleksander Malota in British Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks.	Jon Lolis	actor
occupation	Kees Verwey (1900--1995), was a Dutch painter who was productive well into old age.	Kees Verwey	painter
occupation	Bob Henriques (born 1930) is a photojournalist associated with Magnum Photos known for candid portraits of notable people, including Marilyn Monroe, Fidel Castro, Robert F. Kennedy, and Martin Luther King, Jr..	Bob Henriques	photojournalist
occupation	Julian Eltinge (May 14, 1881 -- March 7, 1941), born William Julian Dalton, was an American stage and screen actor and female impersonator.	Julian Eltinge	actor
occupation	Benjamin T. Wood is an American architect who designed Shanghai's famous Xintiandi, which means ``New Heaven and Earth,'' a refined cluster of traditionally styled Shanghai brick town houses near the old French Concession district.	Benjamin T. Wood	architect
occupation	Mimi Hughes is an American long-distance swimmer who began her long-distance swims by crossing the Bering Strait.	Mimi Hughes	swimmer
occupation	Professor David Flower is a British astronomer and physical chemist and the current Editor in Chief of the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society (MNRAS).	David Flower	astronomer
occupation	Sunil Mukhi is an Indian theoretical physicist working in the areas of string theory, quantum field theory and particle physics.	Sunil Mukhi	physicist
occupation	Kevan Tebay (2 February 1936 -- 13 August 1996) was an English cricketer active from 1959 to 1963 who played for Lancashire.	Kevan Tebay	cricketer
occupation	John E. Braun (born January 16, 1967) is an American politician from Washington state.	John E. Braun	politician
occupation	Lynne Arriale is an American pianist, composer and bandleader who has been critically praised by the New York Times: ``Lynne Arriale's brilliant musicianship and bandstand instincts place her among the top jazz pianists of the day,'' and The Times: ``Arriale is putting the heart back into jazz.''	Lynne Arriale	pianist
occupation	Al Prince (died April 8, 2010) was an American-born French Polynesian journalist and tourism expert.	Al Prince	journalist
occupation	Ogden Mills (December 18, 1856 - January 29, 1929) was an American financier and Thoroughbred racehorse owner.	Ogden Mills	financier
occupation	Nikhil Mehta is an Indian television actor, model and VJ.	Nikhil Mehta	actor
occupation	Yolande Brener is an English author and actress known for her memoir, Holy Candy:	Yolande Brener	author
occupation	Jan Świtkowski (born January 23, 1994) is a Polish competitive swimmer who specializes in butterfly events.	Jan Świtkowski	swimmer
occupation	Martín Barba, is a Mexican actor, known for his character Benjamín Casanegra in the series Último año.	Martín Barba	actor
occupation	Jamal Ehsani (Urdu: جمال احسانی‎) (April 21, 1951 -- February 10, 1998), was a Pakistani poet noted for his work in the ghazal form.	Jamal Ehsani	poet
occupation	Carlo Mense (May 13, 1886 -- August 11, 1965) was a German artist, associated at various times with the Düsseldorf school of painting, Rhenish Expressionism and New Objectivity.	Carlo Mense	artist
occupation	Irie Love (her birth-given name) (born on July 7, 1982 in Kailua, Honolulu County, Hawaii) is a Hawaiian R&B Reggae singer and songwriter.	Irie Love	singer
occupation	Scott Sales is an American politician who is the Minority Leader of the Montana House of Representatives.	Scott Sales	politician
occupation	Malouma's lamb-filled pancakes were a highlight of the festival presenting an up-front and personal encounter with the musician for the audience.	Malouma	musician
occupation	Henry William Allan (December 29, 1843 -- March 10, 1913) was a Canadian politician, merchant and produce dealer.	Henry William Allan	politician
occupation	Martyn Moore is a British journalist, editor and film-maker.	Martyn Moore	editor
occupation	Lee de Forest (August 26, 1873 -- June 30, 1961) was an American inventor, self-described ``Father of Radio'', and a pioneer in the development of sound-on-film recording used for motion pictures.	Lee de Forest	inventor
occupation	Bichu Thirumala (Malayalam: ബിച്ചു തിരുമല) is an Indian lyricist and poet from Kerala, who works in the Malayalam film industry.	Bichu Thirumala	poet
occupation	Bing Futch (b. Hollywood, California, 1966) is a musician whose primary instrument is the mountain dulcimer.	Bing Futch	musician
occupation	Anthony Calderbank is an English translator of contemporary Arabic literature.	Anthony Calderbank	translator
occupation	Oiana Blanco is a Spanish judoka who competes in the women's 48 kg category.	Oiana Blanco	judoka
occupation	Adnan Omran (Arabic: عدنان عمران‎) (born 1934) is a Syrian diplomat and politician who served as information minister from 2000 to 2003.	Adnan Omran	diplomat	politician
occupation	Barry Lyga (born September 11, 1971), is an American young adult novelist and short story writer.	Barry Lyga	writer
occupation	Toby Saks (January 8, 1942 -- August 1, 2013) was an American cellist, the founder of the Seattle Chamber Music Society and a member of the New York Philharmonic.	Toby Saks	cellist
occupation	Ankur Bhatia (born 24 May 1982) is an Indian actor and model.	Ankur Bhatia	actor
occupation	Taro Yamasaki is a Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer, and the eldest son of architect Minoru Yamasaki.	Taro Yamasaki	photographer
occupation	Erik Richter is a screenwriter and, with Michael Ouweleen, the co-creator of Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law.	Erik Richter	screenwriter
occupation	Joel Lamangan is a Filipino film director, television director and actor.	Joel Lamangan	film director
occupation	Ana Carolina Reston Macan (June 4, 1985 -- November 15, 2006) was a Brazilian fashion model.	Ana Carolina Reston	model
occupation	Francesca Dellera (born Francesca Cervellera on October 2, 1966 in Rome) is an Italian actress and model.	Francesca Dellera	model
occupation	Liam James (born August 7, 1996) is a Canadian actor, known for his role as Noah Curtis in the 2009 film 2012, young Shawn Spencer on the USA Network television series Psych, and the lead character, Duncan, in 2013's The Way, Way Back.	Liam James	actor
occupation	Kara Maria is a contemporary American painter who lives and works in San Francisco.	Kara Maria	painter
occupation	Jason Starr (born 1966) is an American author and screenplay writer from New York City.	Jason Starr	writer
occupation	Robert von Ezdorf (1889--March 26, 1956) was an American architect and composer.	Robert von Ezdorf	architect
occupation	Samuel Eliot (December 22, 1821 -- September 14, 1898) was a historian, educator, and public-minded citizen of Boston, Massachusetts and Hartford, Connecticut.	Samuel Eliot	historian
occupation	Lin Fengmian (Chinese: 林風眠; November 22, 1900 -- August 12, 1991), originally Lin Fengming (林凤鸣), was a Chinese painter and is considered a pioneer of modern Chinese painting for blending Chinese and Western styles.	Lin Fengmian	painter
occupation	Herbert Rudley, (March 22, 1910 -- September 9, 2006), was a prolific character actor who appeared on stage, in films and on television.	Herbert Rudley	actor
occupation	Michelle Manning is an American film director, producer and television director.	Michelle Manning	film director
occupation	Gil Lavi (Hebrew: גיל לביא‎; born 1985) is an Israeli photographer who lives in New York.	Gil Lavi	photographer
occupation	Fernand Yves Jabouin (born May 30, 1979) is a Haitian-Canadian mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Yves Jabouin	mixed martial artist
occupation	He was the eighth child and only son of Thomas Sopwith (a civil engineer) & his wife Lydia Gertrude née Messiter.	Thomas Sopwith	engineer
occupation	W. Axl Rose (born William Bruce Rose, Jr.; raised as William Bruce Bailey; February 6, 1962) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.	Axl Rose	singer-songwriter	musician
occupation	Vilmos Vázsonyi (born as Vilmos Weiszfeld; 1868--1926) was a Hungarian publicist and politician.	Vilmos Vázsonyi	politician
occupation	Whitman Knapp was the son of Wallace Percy Knapp, a wealthy German American lawyer in New York.	Whitman Knapp	lawyer
occupation	Adolf Lieben (December 3, 1836 -- June 6, 1914) was an Austrian Jewish chemist.	Adolf Lieben	chemist
occupation	Roy Bedichek (June 27, 1878 -- May 21, 1959) was a Texan writer, naturalist and educator.	Roy Bedichek	writer
occupation	Tsukasa Dokite (土器手 司), is a Japanese animator and character designer.	Tsukasa Dokite	animator
occupation	Nils Norén (born c. 1967) is a chef and culinary educator based in New York City, where he holds the position of Vice President of Culinary and Pastry Arts at The French Culinary Institute.	Nils Norén	chef
occupation	Thorarinn G. Petursson (born July 2, 1966), is an Icelandic economist.	Thorarinn G. Petursson	economist
occupation	Laurence Mancuso (June 30, 1934 -- June 10, 2007) was the founding abbot of the New Skete Eastern Orthodox monastic community in upstate New York.	Laurence Mancuso	abbot
occupation	Linus Yale, Jr. (April 4, 1821 -- December 25, 1868) was an American mechanical engineer and manufacturer, best known for his inventions of locks, especially the cylinder lock.	Linus Yale, Jr.	engineer
occupation	Orri Páll Dýrason (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈɔrːɪ ˈpautl ˈtiːrasɔn); born on 4 July 1977) is the drummer for Sigur Rós.	Orri Páll Dýrason	drummer
occupation	Stacie Chan is an American actress and journalist, best known for her role as Jade Chan in the cartoon show Jackie Chan Adventures.	Stacie Chan	journalist
occupation	William Langton (or William of Rotherfield; died 1279) was a medieval English priest and nephew of Archbishop Walter de Gray.	William Langton	priest
occupation	Li Jiahang (Chinese: 李佳航; pinyin: Lǐ Jiāháng; born March 8, 1987) is a Chinese actor.	Li Jiahang	actor
occupation	Renzo Picasso (1880--1975) was an Italian architect, engineer, and urban planner and designer.	Renzo Picasso	architect	engineer	urban planner
occupation	Burton Richter (born March 22, 1931) is a Nobel Prize-winning American physicist.	Burton Richter	physicist
occupation	Philip Leder (born November 19, 1934) is an American geneticist.	Philip Leder	geneticist
occupation	Jenny Bicks is an American television producer and screenwriter, most notable for her work as a television writer on the HBO series, Sex and the City and as the creator and writer of the ABC series, Men in Trees.	Jenny Bicks	screenwriter
occupation	Kirsten Grind (née Kirsten Orsini-Meinhard, born July 28, 1979) is an award-winning American journalist and author.	Kirsten Grind	journalist
occupation	David Avison (March 13, 1937 -- March 7, 2004) was an American photographer and physicist, best known for his use of a wide angle lens to capture nature, crowds, and portraits.	David Avison	photographer	physicist
occupation	Elizabeth Jane Urbano Oineza, better known simply as Jane Oineza (born July 22, 1996), is a Filipina actress, commercial model and singer.	Jane Oineza	singer
occupation	Stephen Keeling is a British composer and musician who works predominantly in musical theatre.	Stephen Keeling	composer
occupation	Charles Martinet (born September 17, 1955) (English /mɑːrtɪˈneɪ/; French: (maʁtinɛ)) is an American actor and voice actor best known for voicing Mario in the Super Mario video game series.	Charles Martinet	actor
occupation	Rimvydas Valatka (born December 19, 1956 near Irkutsk, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian journalist and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.	Rimvydas Valatka	journalist
occupation	Jewel Brown (born August 30, 1937 in Houston, Texas, United States) is an American jazz and blues singer.	Jewel Brown	singer
occupation	John H. Ritter (born October 31, 1951, San Pedro, California) is an American novelist, short story writer, teacher, and lecturer.	John H. Ritter	novelist	writer
occupation	Allen Siple (1900-1973) was an American architect, working in Southern California from the 1930s to 1960s.	Allen Siple	architect
occupation	Peter Sabin Willett, known as Sabin Willett, (born March 6, 1957) is an American lawyer and novelist, a partner with the Philadelphia-based law firm Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, formerly a partner at Bingham McCutchen.	Sabin Willett	novelist
occupation	Vidna Obmana (stylized vidnaObmana on many album covers) is a pseudonym used by Belgian composer and ambient musician Dirk Serries.	Vidna Obmana	composer
occupation	Helena Swanwick worked as a journalist, initially as a sort of protegée of C.P. Scott, and wrote articles for the Manchester Guardian.	Helena Swanwick	journalist
occupation	Charles W. Blackwell (July 30, 1942 -- January 2, 2013) was an American Chickasaw Nation diplomat and lawyer.	Charles W. Blackwell	lawyer
occupation	Rottyful Sky (Korean: 로티플스카이) (born Kim Hanul; formerly known as Haneul) was a Korean pop singer.	Rottyful Sky	singer
occupation	Cho-Liang Lin (Lin Cho-liang, Chinese: 林昭亮, born January 29, 1960), born in Hsinchu, Taiwan, is a Taiwanese American violinist who is renowned for his appearances as a soloist with major orchestras.	Cho-Liang Lin	violinist
occupation	Jaime Jamgochian is a Christian singer songwriter and worship leader based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Jaime Jamgochian	singer songwriter
occupation	L. M. Wells (February 5, 1862 -- January 1, 1923) was an American actor of the silent film era.	L. M. Wells	actor
occupation	Daria Komarkova (Russian: Дарья Комаркова) is a Russian fashion model.	Daria Komarkova	model
occupation	Stephen Hibbert is an English-born actor and comedy writer.	Stephen Hibbert	actor
occupation	He in not be confused to another Kenyan marathon runner named Luke Kibet, who is eight years older and won the Country Music Marathon in 2004.	Luke Kibet	marathon runner
occupation	Michael Stephen Manna (born October 9, 1971) is an American professional wrestler and podcaster, better known by his ring name, Stevie Richards.	Stevie Richards	professional wrestler
occupation	Giovanni Battista Bracelli (floruit 1616 - 1649) was an Italian engraver and painter of the Baroque period, active Florence.	Giovanni Battista Bracelli	painter
occupation	Don Lanier (July 13, 1936 -- July 23, 2014) was an American songwriter and composer.	Don Lanier	songwriter
occupation	Adrian Crowley is a singer-songwriter from Galway, based in Dublin and was born in Sliema, Malta.	Adrian Crowley	singer-songwriter
occupation	Otha Young (aka Robert Otha Young) (1943 - 2009) was an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, producer and the longtime musical partner of Grammy-Award winning country-pop artist Juice Newton.	Otha Young	singer, songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Philip S. Yu (born ca 1952) is an American computer scientist and Professor in Information Technology at the University of Illinois at Chicago, known for his work in the field of data mining.	Philip S. Yu	computer scientist
occupation	Mohamed Abdulghani (Somali: Maxamed Cabduulgaani, Arabic: محمد عبد الغني‎) is a Somali economist and politician.	Mohamed Abdulghani	politician
occupation	Samantha Ettus (born July 12, 1972) is a bestselling American author, speaker, TV contributor and syndicated radio host, widely known as a work life balance expert and successful businesswoman.	Samantha Ettus	author
occupation	Dawn Landes (also dawn Landes) (born December 5, 1980) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.	Dawn Landes	singer-songwriter
occupation	Willard Van der Veer (August 23, 1894 -- June 16, 1963) was an American cinematographer who won an Academy Award at the 3rd Academy Awards for Best Cinematography for the film With Byrd at the South Pole with Joseph T. Rucker.	Willard Van der Veer	cinematographer
occupation	Holbrook Mann MacNeille (May 11, 1907 -- September 30, 1973) was an American mathematician who worked for the United States Atomic Energy Commission before becoming the first Executive Director of the American Mathematical Society.	Holbrook Mann MacNeille	mathematician
occupation	Yekutiel Gershoni (Hebrew: יקותיאל גרשוני‎) is an Israeli historian and a former paralympic champion.	Yekutiel Gershoni	historian
occupation	Paolo Borsellino (Italian: (ˈpaːolo borselˈliːno); January 19, 1940 -- July 19, 1992) was an Italian judge.	Paolo Borsellino	judge
occupation	Michoel Pressburger (Michael Pressburger) is a leading Austrian haredi rabbi who heads the historic Schiffschul synagogue in Vienna's second district where a sizable (Ultra-)Orthodox Jewish community once thrived in the years leading to the Holocaust.	Michoel Pressburger	rabbi
occupation	Chara Bachir (Arabic: شارة بشير‎) is an Algerian politician.	Chara Bachir	politician
occupation	The Moshe Zemer award was established by MARAM, and is awarded to a rabbi or rabbinical student who has researched and developed questions and answers on a current event in Israel.	Moshe Zemer	rabbi
occupation	Mervyn Black is a Northern Ireland architect and urban designer; and partner in Hall Black Douglas Architects.	Mervyn Black	architect
occupation	Eric Monti (December 6, 1917 -- February 1, 2009) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.	Eric Monti	golfer
occupation	Isabelle Antena (born May 28, 1960) is a French singer and songwriter, notable both as a founder of electro-samba pioneers Antena and also as a prolific and successful solo artist.	Isabelle Antena	singer
occupation	Edward Atkinson Hornel (1864--1933) was a Scottish painter of landscapes, flowers, and foliage, with children.	Edward Atkinson Hornel	painter
occupation	Giles Hardie is an Australian film critic, entertainment journalist, producer and television personality.	Giles Hardie	journalist
occupation	Peter MacGregor-Scott (b. December 28, 1947) is an American film producer, production manager and assistant director.	Peter MacGregor-Scott	film producer
occupation	Dan Macarthur is an Australian film director and director of photography and founder of 18° Entertainment.	Dan Macarthur	film director
occupation	Kaki Hunter (born Katherine Susan Hunter; November 6, 1955) is an American actress, architect & writer.	Kaki Hunter	architect	writer
occupation	Ben Chasny is an indie rock and psych folk guitarist.	Ben Chasny	guitarist
occupation	William Clauson (born May 2, 1930) is a Swedish-American singer of folk songs from various nations.	William Clauson	singer
occupation	Laura Beatrice Mancini (January 17, 1821 -- July 17, 1869), born Laura Beatrice Oliva, was an Italian poet.	Laura Beatrice Mancini	poet
occupation	Hugh W. Sloan Jr. (born November 1, 1940) was treasurer of the Committee to Re-elect the President, Richard M. Nixon's 1972 campaign committee.	Hugh W. Sloan Jr.	treasurer
occupation	Col Kimmorley (born 24 August 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Col Kimmorley	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Andrée Champagne, PC (born July 17, 1939) is a Canadian actress, pianist and politician.	Andrée Champagne	politician
occupation	Don Lundstrom is an American sculptor whose sculptures are featured in public institutions, churches, museums, and private collections principally in the Midwestern United States.	Don Lundstrom	sculptor
occupation	Randy Sabien (pronunciation: /səˈbiːn/) (born September 26, 1956) is an American jazz violinist, composer, and music educator known for his live performances and numerous recordings, many of them on Flying Fish Records and Red House Records.	Randy Sabien	music educator
occupation	Gustavus Cheyney Doane (May 29, 1840 -- May 5, 1892) was a U.S. Army Cavalry Captain, explorer, inventor and Civil War soldier who played a prominent role in the exploration of Yellowstone as a member of the Washburn-Langford-Doane Expedition.	Gustavus Cheyney Doane	explorer
occupation	William Herrick Macaulay (November 16, 1853 -- November 28, 1936) was a British mathematician, Fellow and Vice-Provost of King's College, Cambridge, and close friend of Karl Pearson.	William Herrick Macaulay	mathematician
occupation	Mary-Dulany James (born February 1, 1960) is an American politician who represented district 34A in the Maryland House of Delegates for sixteen years, representing Harford and Cecil Counties along the U.S. Route 40 corridor.	Mary-Dulany James	politician
occupation	Roman Rafreider (born November 22, 1969) is an Austrian television host and journalist.	Roman Rafreider	journalist
occupation	John Siket is a music producer, recording engineer, and mixer.	John Siket	engineer
occupation	Emily Taheny is an Australian television actress, comedian, and singer known for her multiple appearances on the sketch comedy television series Comedy Inc. from 2003 through 2007, and for her role as ``Kat'' on the 2009 series The Jesters.	Emily Taheny	comedian
occupation	Harry Hallenberger (October 24, 1877 -- March 4, 1954) was an American cinematographer who was nominated at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Cinematography-Color, along with Ray Rennahan.	Harry Hallenberger	cinematographer
occupation	Mando Saenz is a singer-songwriter living in Nashville, Tennessee.	Mando Saenz	singer	songwriter
occupation	Dennis Dreith (born June 15, 1948) is a motion picture music composer, arranger, and conductor.	Dennis Dreith	composer
occupation	Ian Mantle was a motor vehicle engineer and motor trade entrepreneur who became an important post war influence in the development of touring caravans.	Ian Mantle	engineer
occupation	Brian Christie is an television news journalist, talk show host, and anchor.	Brian Christie	journalist
occupation	Myrna Lorrie (b. Myrna Lorraine Petrunka, August 6, 1940, Cloud Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian country singer/songwriter/musician.	Myrna Lorrie	singer
occupation	Gourgen Edilyan (Arm.: Գուրգեն Էդիլյան) (25.12.1885 - 18.01.1942) was an Armenian psychologist, a student of Wilhelm Wundt and the first dean of the Armenian Pedagogical Institute.	Gourgen Edilyan	psychologist
occupation	James Pasqual Bettio is an American artist, photographer, educator, fashion designer, museum operator, and community organizer.	James Pasqual Bettio	photographer
occupation	Sutham Sangprathum (Thai: สุธรรม แสงประทุม, born October 26, 1953) is a Thai politician of the Thai Rak Thai political party, and is of Thai Chinese descent.	Sutham Sangprathum	politician
occupation	Sinan-i Atik, also known as Azadlı Sinan, and Atik Sinan (meaning Sinan the Freedman; azadlı shows that atik does not mean old, and is not used to distinguish him from Koca Mimar Sinan Agha), was an Ottoman architect for Sultan Mehmed II during the 15th century.	Atik Sinan	architect
occupation	Alessio Sakara (born September 2, 1981) is an Italian professional mixed martial artist, former professional boxer and Sanshou kickboxer, previously competing in the Light Heavyweight division of Bellator MMA.	Alessio Sakara	boxer
occupation	Gheorghe Marinescu (Romanian: (ˈɡe̯orɡe mariˈnesku); February 28, 1863 -- May 15, 1938) was a Romanian neurologist, founder of the Romanian School of Neurology.	Gheorghe Marinescu	neurologist
occupation	Bernardino José de Campos Júnior (September 6, 1841 -- January 18, 1915) was a Brazilian politician, second and sixth governor of the State of São Paulo (August 23, 1892 to April 15, 1896 and July 1902 to May 1904).	Bernardino José de Campos Júnior	politician
occupation	Henry Vaughan Lanchester (1863--1953) was a British architect working in London.	Henry Vaughan Lanchester	architect
occupation	Abner Kneeland (April 7, 1774 -- August 27, 1844) was an American evangelist and theologian who advocated many views, religious and social, which were considered extremely radical for his day.	Abner Kneeland	theologian
occupation	Mai Chia-je (Chinese: 買嘉瑞; pinyin: Mǎi Jiāruì, born February 25, 1987 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who played for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Mai Chia-je	baseball player
occupation	Ruth E. Carter (born: April 10, 1960) is an African American costume designer, for film and television, with over 40 films to her credit, who has mastered the look of multiple periods and genres in envisioning the clothing and overall appearance of a character or performer.	Ruth E. Carter	costume designer
occupation	Alfonso Maribona is an orchestra conductor, pianist, composer and arranger.	Alfonso Maribona	conductor	composer
occupation	Kyle DiFulvio (born May 18, 1975) is an American singer--songwriter and musician.	Kyle DiFulvio	singer
occupation	Clarissa Ward (born January 30, 1980) is an American television journalist who is currently foreign correspondent with CNN.	Clarissa Ward	journalist
occupation	Wunmi, real name Ibiwunmi Omotayo Olufunke Felicity Olaiya, is a singer, dancer and fashion designer.	Wunmi	singer
occupation	J.T. Sloan (also Justin Sloan) is a Canadian actor in gay pornography.	J.T. Sloan	actor
occupation	George Letellier (born October 11, 1957) is an American jazz pianist and composer, currently living in Luxembourg.	George Letellier	composer
occupation	John Joseph Adams (born 1976) is an American science fiction and fantasy editor, critic, and publisher.	John Joseph Adams	critic
occupation	Exene Cervenka (born Christene Lee Cervenka, February 1, 1956) is an American singer, artist, and poet, known for her work as a singer in the California punk rock band X.	Exene Cervenka	singer
occupation	Jennifer Flackett is an American film director and screen/television writer.	Jennifer Flackett	film director
occupation	Hiram Blanchard (January 17, 1820 -- December 17, 1874) was a Nova Scotia lawyer, politician, and the first Premier of the province of Nova Scotia.	Hiram Blanchard	lawyer	politician
occupation	Dr. Pedro Beauchamp is an endocrinologist who is the first Puerto Rican specialist certified by the American Reproductive Endocrinology and Infertility Board.	Pedro Beauchamp	endocrinologist
occupation	Andrés Cepeda (born July 7, 1973) is a popular Colombian singer and songwriter.	Andrés Cepeda	singer
occupation	Margalit Tzan'ani (Hebrew: מַרְגָּלִית צַנְעָנִי; born December 19, 1948), also known as Margol, is an Israeli singer and television personality.	Margalit Tzan'ani	singer
occupation	James Earl Jones (born January 17, 1931) is an American actor who in a career spanning more than 60 years has become known as ``one of America's most distinguished and versatile'' actors and ``one of the greatest actors in American history.''	James Earl Jones	actor
occupation	Alex Chambers is an Australian mixed martial artist who currently fights in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and competes in the Strawweight division.	Alex Chambers	mixed martial artist
occupation	Kelley Hunt is an American blues pianist, singer, and songwriter.	Kelley Hunt	pianist	singer
occupation	Joannes Corvus (fl. 1512 -- 1544), or Johannes Corvus, was a Flemish portrait painter who was active in the 16th century.	Joannes Corvus	painter
occupation	``Lion'' Takeshi Inoue (born March 18, 1980) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently fighting as a lightweight in the Shooto organization.	Takeshi Inoue	mixed martial artist
occupation	Heather Nova (born Heather Allison Frith, July 6, 1967) is a Bermudian singer-songwriter and poet.	Heather Nova	singer-songwriter	poet
occupation	Emil Grosswald (December 15, 1912 -- April 11, 1989) was a Romanian-American mathematician who worked primarily in number theory.	Emil Grosswald	mathematician
occupation	Guillaume Amyot (December 9, 1842 -- March 30, 1896) was a Canadian politician, editor and lawyer.	Guillaume Amyot	politician	lawyer
occupation	Kurt Großkurth (or Grosskurth; May 11, 1909 - May 29, 1975) was a German actor and singer.	Kurt Großkurth	actor
occupation	Nicholas Doumanis is an historian of Europe and the Mediterranean world.	Nicholas Doumanis	historian
occupation	Paul Hoggart is a British journalist and novelist.	Paul Hoggart	journalist	novelist
occupation	John Andrew Hull (born November 7, 1986), better known as Andy Hull, is an American singer, guitarist and songwriter for the indie rock band Manchester Orchestra.	Andy Hull	singer	guitarist
occupation	Mikhail Pavlovich Lisitsa (Михаил Павлович Лисица; 1921--2012) was a Ukrainian physicist.	Mikhail Pavlovich Lisitsa	physicist
occupation	Prince Garsevan Chavchavadze (Georgian: გარსევან ჭავჭავაძე) (July 20, 1757 - April 7, 1811) was a Georgian nobleman (tavadi), politician and diplomat primarily known as the Georgian ambassador to Imperial Russia.	Garsevan Chavchavadze	diplomat
occupation	His namesake, Ralph Dodd(s) (1792-1874) went on to become an engineer and mentor to locomotive engineers George Stephenson (1781-1848) and relative Isaac Dodds (1801-1882), founder of Isaac Dodds and Son.	Ralph Dodd	engineer
occupation	Buddy Hackett (born Leonard Hacker; August 31, 1924 -- June 30, 2003) was an American comedian and actor.	Buddy Hackett	actor
occupation	Nandamuri Kalyan Ram is an Indian actor and film producer who works in Telugu cinema.	Nandamuri Kalyan Ram	actor
occupation	Rickard Ericsson, is a Swedish entrepreneur, known as the founder of an early social networking website, LunarStorm.	Rickard Ericsson	entrepreneur
occupation	Francesco Facchinetti, also known under the mononym Dj Francesco or as Oz, is an Italian DJ, producer, singer, musician and TV presenter.	Francesco Facchinetti	singer
occupation	Matthew DiSero (born August 23, 1974 in Brampton, Ontario) is a Canadian comedian and magician who has appeared regularly on Comedy at Club 54.	Matthew DiSero	magician
occupation	Evripidis Stylianidis (Greek: Ευριπίδης Στυλιανίδης, also transliterated Evripidis Stilianides) is a Greek politician who has served as Minister for the Interior, Minister for Education and Minister for Transport and Communications.	Evripidis Stylianidis	politician
occupation	Viktor Nechaev (born September 22, 1972 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is a Russian rugby league player currently playing for RC Lokomotiv Moscow in the Championship of Russia competition.	Viktor Nechaev	rugby league player
occupation	Lino Zanon is an Italian biathlete and ski mountaineer who competed in the 1960s and 1970s.	Lino Zanon	biathlete
occupation	Laura Bernasconi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, known to be active in 1674.	Laura Bernasconi	painter
occupation	Rabbi Yehoshua Hartman (Hebrew: יהושע הרטמן‎) is an American rabbi, Talmudic scholar, and commentator on the teachings of the Maharal of Prague.	Yehoshua Hartman	rabbi
occupation	Rex Buren Beisel (1893--1972) was an American aeronautical engineer and pioneer in the science and industry of aviation.	Rex Buren Beisel	engineer
occupation	Dovdoin Bayar (Mongolian: Довдойн Баяр) (1946--2010) was a Mongolian archaeologist, historian, a corresponding member of the German Archaeological Institute, and an amateur boxer.	Dovdoin Bayar	archaeologist	boxer
occupation	Iván Arana (Born in Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican television actor and film.	Iván Arana	actor
occupation	James Canton (born April 29, 1951) is a futurist, author, entrepreneur, CEO & Chairman of the Institute for Global Futures.	James Canton	futurist
occupation	Gennady Kim (Russian: Геннадий Ким; born September 17, 1946), is a guitarist, composer, conductor, and music teacher in Kazakhstan.	Gennady Kim	conductor
occupation	Jen Stills is a singer and songwriter who was raised in Arizona and later moved to Los Angeles where she lives today.	Jen Stills	singer and songwriter
occupation	Gary L. Lancaster (August 14, 1949 -- April 24, 2013) was a United States federal judge, Assistant District Attorney, and lawyer.	Gary L. Lancaster	judge	lawyer
occupation	Joe Parker is a South African stand-up comedian and promoter (entertainment).	Joe Parker	promoter
occupation	David J. Ley is a clinical psychologist and author, known for his critical stance regarding sex addiction.	David J. Ley	psychologist
occupation	Spenta R. Wadia is an Indian theoretical physicist working in string theory and quantum field theory.	Spenta R. Wadia	physicist
occupation	David Allen Brooks (born January 9, 1947) is an American actor, who had a recurring role in the short-lived science fiction television series Crusade.	David Allen Brooks	actor
occupation	Peter Burwash (b. Brockville, Ontario) is Canadian former tennis player, current tennis coach, television commentator, motivational speaker, writer, and President of Peter Burwash International.	Peter Burwash	tennis player
occupation	Harry Behn also produced a number of paintings, although he is not as well known as an artist as he is as a writer.	Harry Behn	writer
occupation	Hyun Woo (Hangul: 현우; born Kim Hyun-woo on January 18, 1985) is a South Korean actor.	Hyun Woo	actor
occupation	Marcos E. Becerra (April 25, 1870 -- January 7, 1940) was a prolific Mexican writer, poet, and politician.	Marcos E. Becerra	writer
occupation	Mohan Kundariya is an Indian politician who was a Member of Legislative assembly from Tankara constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly	Mohan Kundariya	politician
occupation	Frederick E. B. Harvey (traditional Chinese: 夏福禮, simplified Chinese: 夏福礼), was a British diplomat who served as H.B.M.′s Consul in China during the mid-nineteenth century.	Frederick E. B. Harvey	diplomat
occupation	Harry Delmar was an American Broadway producer and later film director.	Harry Delmar	film director
occupation	Ludwig Bruck was an Australian medical practitioner and medical journalist.	Ludwig Bruck	journalist
occupation	Thomas Schmidheiny (born 1945) is a Swiss entrepreneur, former chairman of Holcim, the cement manufacturer.	Thomas Schmidheiny	entrepreneur
occupation	Joseph Wershba (August 19, 1920 -- May 14, 2011) was a professional journalist who joined the CBS News team in 1944, where he served as a writer, editor and correspondent.	Joseph Wershba	journalist
occupation	Kat Mon Dieu (born January 3, 1963) is a Marilyn Monroe tribute artist, neo-classical burlesque dancer, pin-up model, art school model, actress, producer and performance artist based in New York City.	Kat Mon Dieu	dancer	model
occupation	Frances Adams Le Sueur née Ross (August 6, 1919 -- May 17, 1995) was a botanist, ornithologist, and conservationist on the Channel Island of Jersey.	Frances Adams Le Sueur	ornithologist
occupation	Onésime Gagnon, PC (1888--1961) was a Canadian politician who served as the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Québec.	Onésime Gagnon	politician
occupation	Jeremy Moon was a British abstract painter born in Altrincham, Cheshire in 1934.	Jeremy Moon	painter
occupation	Herbert Mornington Cannon (1873--1962), commonly referred to as Morny Cannon, was a six-time Champion jockey in the United Kingdom in the 1890s.	Mornington Cannon	jockey
occupation	Linda Richards (July 27, 1841 -- April 16, 1930) was the first professionally trained American nurse.	Linda Richards	nurse
occupation	Benjamin Geen is a former nurse convicted of murdering two patients and causing grievous bodily harm to 15 others while working at Horton General Hospital in Banbury, Oxfordshire.	Benjamin Geen	nurse
occupation	Fred Panopio (February 4, 1939 -- April 22, 2010) was a Filipino singer and actor who rose to fame in the 1970s.	Fred Panopio	singer
occupation	Sudha Shivpuri has a daughter, Ritu who is also an Hindi film actor and has a son Vineet.	Sudha Shivpuri	actor
occupation	Prof. Kwame Arhin, also known as Nana Arhin Brempong, was a historian and politician in Ghana.	Kwame Arhin	historian	politician
occupation	Alberto Cambrosio is a sociologist of biomedicine at McGill University.	Alberto Cambrosio	sociologist
occupation	Steven Soter is an astrophysicist currently holding the positions of scientist-in-residence for New York University's Environmental Studies Program and of Research Associate for the Department of Astrophysics at the American Museum of Natural History.	Steven Soter	astrophysicist
occupation	Montgomery Blair (May 10, 1813 -- July 27, 1883), the son of Francis Preston Blair, elder brother of Francis Preston Blair, Jr. and cousin of B. Gratz Brown, was a politician and lawyer from Maryland.	Montgomery Blair	lawyer
occupation	Greg Bates (born September 25, 1987) is an American country music singer formerly signed to Republic Nashville.	Greg Bates	singer
occupation	Humphrey Pearson was an American screenwriter and playwright of the 1930s.	Humphrey Pearson	screenwriter	playwright
occupation	Gerard Monaco is a British actor who trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. Monaco's first film was Mike Leigh's Vera Drake.	Gerard Monaco	actor
occupation	Jonathan Kellerman (born August 9, 1949) is an American psychologist, and Edgar and Anthony Award-winning author of numerous bestselling suspense novels.	Jonathan Kellerman	psychologist
occupation	Tony Sunshine (born April 23, 1977 as Antonio Cruz in the Bronx, New York) is an American R&B singer, songwriter, musician, producer, voice actor, dancer, actor, entrepreneur and rapper of Puerto Rican descent, famous for singing on a large number of Terror Squad's songs.	Tony Sunshine	rapper
occupation	Robert Petkoff is an award-winning American stage actor known for his work in Shakespearean productions and more recently on the New York City musical theater stage.	Robert Petkoff	actor
occupation	Jeremiah Clemens (December 28, 1814 -- May 21, 1865) was a U.S. senator and novelist from the state of Alabama.	Jeremiah Clemens	novelist
occupation	Willard L. Miranker (March 8, 1932 -- April 28, 2011) was an American mathematician and computer scientist, known for his contributions to applied mathematics and numerical mathematics.	Willard L. Miranker	mathematician	computer scientist
occupation	Brian M. McLaughlin is a former American Democratic politician and labor leader from Flushing, Queens.	Brian M. McLaughlin	politician
occupation	Kelly Anundson (born August 29, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the light heavyweight division.	Kelly Anundson	mixed martial artist
occupation	David Tzur (Hebrew: דָּוִד צוּר; born 15 July 1959) is an Israeli politician and former policeman.	David Tzur	politician
occupation	Robb Montgomery is an international journalist based in Berlin Germany and is the author of the IREX Multimedia Education Center - a USAID-funded training facility in Tbilisi, Georgia built for mobile media production.	Robb Montgomery	journalist
occupation	Takero Doi (土居 丈朗 Doi Takero, born August 17, 1970 in Nara, Nara) is a Japanese economist.	Takero Doi	economist
occupation	Sally Satel, is an American psychiatrist based in Washington, D.C. She is a lecturer at Yale University School of Medicine, the W.H. Brady Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and author.	Sally Satel	psychiatrist
occupation	Boogie Bill Webb (March 24, 1924 -- August 22, 1990) was an American Louisiana blues and R&B guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Boogie Bill Webb	singer
occupation	As an author he was known as Robert Collis.	Robert Collis	author
occupation	Ernest Sefton, born as Ernest Henry Tipton, in Hackney, London was a British film actor.	Ernest Sefton	actor
occupation	Herman Terrado (born September 27, 1989) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Welterweight division.	Herman Terrado	mixed martial artist
occupation	Rudolf Podgornik (born August 27, 1955 in Ljubljana, Slovenia) is a physicist.	Rudolf Podgornik	physicist
occupation	Stephen M. Saland (born November 12, 1943) is an American attorney and politician.	Stephen M. Saland	politician
occupation	Otto Schimek (May 5, 1925 -- November 14, 1944) was an Austrian soldier in the German Wehrmacht during World War II who served as a member of a firing squad.	Otto Schimek	soldier
occupation	Sangeen Wali Khan (Urdu: سنگين ولی خان‎) (June 7, 1959 -- June 28, 2008) was a politician in Pakistan.	Sangeen Wali Khan	politician
occupation	Sean McGowan (born Sean Paul Michael McGowan; December 21, 1980), better known by his stage name Sean MC, is an American rapper, activist, and writer.	Sean McGowan	writer
occupation	Asghar Massombagi is a film director who was born and raised in Tehran.	Asghar Massombagi	film director
occupation	Fritz Hakl (January 1, 1932 -- February 28, 2012) was an Austrian actor with the honorary title Kammerschauspieler.	Fritz Hakl	actor
occupation	Viktor Zuckerkandl (July 2, 1896, Vienna - April 5, 1965, Locarno) was a Jewish-Austrian musicologist.	Viktor Zuckerkandl	musicologist
occupation	John Kelso Ormond was an American urologist who rediscovered retroperitoneal fibrosis (also known as Ormond's disease in 1948.)	John Kelso Ormond	urologist
occupation	Karan Thapar is an Indian journalist and a television commentator and interviewer.	Karan Thapar	journalist
occupation	Igor Lucić (Serbian: Игор Луцић, Azerbaijani: Igor Luciç, born February 18, 1991 in Belgrade) is a Serbian rower.	Igor Lucić	rower
occupation	Edwin Lawrence Godkin (October 2, 1831 -- May 21, 1902) was an Irish-born American journalist and newspaper editor.	Edwin Lawrence Godkin	journalist
occupation	Anthony Crivello (born August 2, 1955) is an American actor and singer, mostly in musicals on Broadway.	Anthony Crivello	actor
occupation	Nathaniel Silsbee, Jr. (December 28, 1804 -- July 9, 1881) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and twice as the Mayor of Salem, Massachusetts, and was for many years the treasurer of Harvard.	Nathaniel Silsbee, Jr.	politician
occupation	Isaiah Shavitt was a Polish-born Israeli and American theoretical chemist.	Isaiah Shavitt	chemist
occupation	May Sarton is the pen name of Eleanore Marie Sarton (May 3, 1912 -- July 16, 1995), an American poet, novelist and memoirist.	May Sarton	poet
occupation	Robert William Boyle (October 2, 1883 -- April 18, 1955) was a physicist and one of the most important early pioneers in the development of sonar.	Robert William Boyle	physicist
occupation	Carlos Real de Azúa (March 15, 1916 - July 16, 1977) was a Uruguayan lawyer, professor, sociologist and historian.	Carlos Real de Azúa	sociologist	historian
occupation	Joanna Dean (born Joanna Dean Jacobs) is a singer songwriter.	Joanna Dean	singer
occupation	Arkansas Woodchopper, or Arkie (b. Luther Ossenbrink, March 2, 1906 - June 23, 1981) was an American country musician.	Arkansas Woodchopper	musician
occupation	Carl Paoli is an actor and stuntman.	Carl Paoli	actor
occupation	Adrián Recinos (1886--1962) was a Guatemalan historian, essayist, Mayanist scholar and translator, and diplomat.	Adrián Recinos	historian	diplomat
occupation	Gabriel Eigenmann (born March 2, 1978), also known as Gabby Eigenmann, is a Filipino television and film actor, singer, host and model.	Gabby Eigenmann	actor	singer	model
occupation	Lani Doherty (born April 14, 1993) is an American surfer.	Lani Doherty	surfer
occupation	Bruno Lauer (born October 27, 1965) is an American professional wrestling manager, referee, and occasional wrestler, better known by his ring names, Harvey Wippleman and Downtown Bruno.	Harvey Wippleman	referee
occupation	Wannarot Sonthichai or nickname Vill (Thai: วรรณรท สนธิไชย; April 10, 1989 -- ), is a Thai film and television actor and pop singer from Exact.	Wannarot Sonthichai	actor
occupation	Timarete (or Thamyris, Tamaris; 5th century BC), was an ancient Greek painter.	Timarete	painter
occupation	Sir Charles Edmonstone, 2nd Baronet (10 October 1764 -- 1 April 1821), also 12th of Duntreath, was a Scottish politician.	Charles Edmonstone	politician
occupation	Orin Starn is an anthropologist and writer at Duke University.	Orin Starn	anthropologist
occupation	Celes Kobayashi (セレス小林, born Shoji Kobayashi, October 6, 1974) is a former professional boxer from Ibaraki, Japan.	Celes Kobayashi	boxer
occupation	Trevell Gerald Coleman (born November 19, 1973), better known by his stage name G. Dep (which stands for ``Ghetto Dependent''), is an American rapper from Harlem, New York City.	G. Dep	rapper
occupation	William de Bergeveney DD (or Bergevenny) was an English medieval judge and university chancellor.	William de Bergeveney	judge
occupation	Richard Popplewell Pullan was an architect and brother-in-law of William Burges.	Richard Popplewell Pullan	architect
occupation	Horace Maynard (August 30, 1814 -- May 3, 1882) was an American educator, attorney, politician and diplomat active primarily in the second half of the 19th century.	Horace Maynard	politician	diplomat
occupation	Joe Perkins was a singer whose song, ``Little Eeefin' Annie'', was a minor hit in 1963, reaching #76 on the Billboard chart.	Joe Perkins	singer
occupation	Ryan Weisenberg (born January 21, 1975) is an American professional basketball coach who is currently head coach of the Pepperdine Waves women's basketball team.	Ryan Weisenberg	basketball coach
occupation	George H. Peck (October 15, 1856 -- January 9, 1940) was an American real estate broker, developer and millionaire.	George H. Peck	real estate broker
occupation	Rufius Petronius Nicomachus Cethegus was a politician of Ostrogothic Italy and the Eastern Roman Empire.	Rufius Petronius Nicomachus Cethegus	politician
occupation	Tyko Vylka (Nenets name Тыко Вылка, Russian: Илья Константинович Вылка, 1886--1960) was the most famous Nenets painter and author, notable for his Arctic landscapes.	Tyko Vylka	painter
occupation	The Master of the Schotten Altarpiece was a German painter, active in Nuremberg during the 14th and 15th centuries.	Master of the Schotten Altarpiece	painter
occupation	John Bennett Perry (born January 4, 1941) is an American actor, singer, and former model.	John Bennett Perry	actor
occupation	Leo Sirota (May 4, 1885 - February 25, 1965) was a Jewish pianist born in Kamianets-Podilskyi, Podolskaya Guberniya, Russian Empire, now Ukraine.	Leo Sirota	pianist
occupation	Janez Dorn was a 16th-century politician in Slovenia, when the country was under the Holy Roman Empire.	Janez Dorn	politician
occupation	Ana Mendieta (November 18, 1948 -- September 8, 1985) was a Cuban American performance artist, sculptor, painter and video artist who is best known for her ``earth-body'' artwork.	Ana Mendieta	performance artist	painter	artist
occupation	Lyle Workman is an American guitarist, composer, session musician and music producer.	Lyle Workman	guitarist	composer
occupation	Philip Shahbaz (born July 1, 1974) is an American actor who is known as the voice of Altaïr in the Ubisoft video game Assassin's Creed.	Philip Shahbaz	actor
occupation	Matija Gogala (born December 11, 1937) is a Slovene entomologist, working mainly in the fields of insect bioacoustics, physiology and taxonomy.	Matija Gogala	entomologist
occupation	Lionel Royce (March 30, 1891 -- April 1, 1946), known also during his European career as Leo Reuss, was an Austrian-American actor of stage and screen.	Lionel Royce	actor
occupation	Christen Thomsen Barfoed (June 16, 1815 -- April 30, 1899) was a Danish chemist who devised a way to detect monosaccharide sugars in a solution, now known as the Barfoed's test.	Christen Thomsen Barfoed	chemist
occupation	Paul Goodman (/ˈɡʊdmən/; September 9, 1911 -- August 2, 1972) was an American novelist, playwright, poet and psychotherapist, although now best known as a social critic, anarchist philosopher, and public intellectual.	Paul Goodman	novelist	poet	psychotherapist
occupation	DJ Richie Rich (born Richard Lawson in Jamaica), is a former record producer and turntablist who was best known as a member of the New York-based rap trio 3rd Bass.	DJ Richie Rich	record producer
occupation	Wilhelm Siegmund Frei (September 5, 1885, Neustadt -- January 27, 1943) was a German dermatologist best known for his contributions to Durand-Nicolas-Favre disease, a sexually transmitted disease found mainly in tropical and subtropical climates.	Wilhelm Siegmund Frei	dermatologist
occupation	Robert Rigby began his career as a journalist, then spent several years in the music business as a songwriter and session musician.	Robert Rigby	journalist
occupation	Habern W. Freeman (born August 10, 1941) is a Democratic politician from the State of Maryland, having served Harford County in several different elected positions, including Harford County Executive and State Senator.	Habern W. Freeman	politician
occupation	Vythilingam Palanisamy Ganesan(Known as V. P. Ganesan) was a Sri Lankan trade unionist, politician, film producer and actor.	V. P. Ganesan	politician	film producer	actor
occupation	Rich Cohen (born July 30, 1968) is an American non-fiction writer.	Rich Cohen	writer
occupation	Agustí Riera i Pau (Sábalo, Guane, Cuba, July 2, 1876 -- Les Encies, (Les Planes d'Hostoles, Garrotxa, August 27, 1936) was a conservative Catalan politician and physician.	Agustí Riera i Pau	physician
occupation	Nathaniel Green Taylor (December 29, 1819 -- April 1, 1887) was an American lawyer, farmer, and politician from Tennessee.	Nathaniel Green Taylor	politician
occupation	Kálmán Rózsahegyi (October 6, 1873, Pest - August 27, 1961) was a Jewish Hungarian actor and teacher.	Kálmán Rózsahegyi	actor
occupation	Haji Irfan Solanki is an Indian politician from Uttar Pradesh, affiliated to the Samajwadi Party.	Irfan Solanki	politician
occupation	Alexander H. Wells (d. December 21, 1857 Sing Sing, Westchester County, New York) was an American lawyer, editor and politician from New York.	Alexander H. Wells	lawyer	politician
occupation	Hermon di Giovanno (born Hermolaus Ionides, Greek: Ερμόλαος Ιωνίδης; c. 1900; died April 4, 1968) was a Greek mystic painter.	Hermon di Giovanno	painter
occupation	Etienne Vermeersch (born May 2, 1934 in Sint-Michiels (nowadays part of Bruges)) is a Belgian (moral) philosopher, skeptic, opinion maker and debater.	Etienne Vermeersch	philosopher
occupation	M. Sundardas is an Indian politician three times Member of Legislative assembly.	M. Sundardas	politician
occupation	Losang Samten (Tibetan: བློ་བཟང་བསམ་གཏན།, Wylie: blo-bzang bsam-gtan) is an American Tibetan scholar, sand mandala artist, former Buddhist monk, and Spiritual Director of the Tibetan Buddhist Center of Philadelphia.	Losang Samten	artist
occupation	Dr. James Zetek (1886-1959) was an entomologist and authority on the natural history of Panama.	James Zetek	entomologist
occupation	Lucius Siccius Dentatus (514 BC?-450 BC?) was a Roman soldier, primus pilus and tribune, living in the 5th century BC. The cognomen Dentatus means ``born with teeth''.	Lucius Siccius Dentatus	soldier
occupation	Danijela Dimitrovska (Serbian Cyrillic: Данијела Димитровска; Serbian pronunciation: (danijɛ̌ːla dimitrɔ̌ʋskaː); born 29 October 1987) is a Serbian model.	Danijela Dimitrovska	model
occupation	Sharon Lockhart (born 1964) is an American artist whose work considers social subjects primarily through motion film and still photography.	Sharon Lockhart	artist
occupation	Chad Henry (born October 9, 1946) is an American composer, actor, lyricist, playwright, and author.	Chad Henry	composer
occupation	Danny Peyronel (born Daniel-Augusto Peyronel, 15 November 1953, Buenos Aires) is an English singer, songwriter, keyboard player, producer and author of Italian, Southern French and Normand origin, best known for his work in rock groups such as the Heavy Metal Kids and UFO.	Danny Peyronel	singer
occupation	Richard Mawarden (died c.1418), of Marden, Herefordshire, Sodbury, Gloucestershire and Stratford-sub-Castle, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	Richard Mawarden	politician
occupation	Anas Hamadeh (Arabic: أنس حمادة‎; born March 12, 1989) is a Jordanian swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Anas Hamadeh	swimmer
occupation	Dr. Danish (Urdu: ڈاکٹر دانش‎) is a Pakistani journalist and news television host.	Dr. Danish	journalist
occupation	Miroslav Žbirka (born October 21, 1952) is a Slovak pop music singer and songwriter.	Miroslav Žbirka	singer
occupation	Clarissa Pinkola Estés (born January 27, 1945) is an American poet, Jungian pscyhoanalyst, post-trauma recovery specialist, author and spoken word artist.	Clarissa Pinkola Estés	poet
occupation	Israel Hershberg (Hebrew: ישראל הרשברג‎; born November 7, 1948) is a figurative painter who lives and works in Jerusalem, Israel.	Israel Hershberg	painter
occupation	Daniel Schenkel (also known as: Georg Daniel Schenkel and Georg Daniel Schenkel von Waldkirch) (December 21, 1813 -- May 18, 1885) was a Swiss Protestant theologian.	Daniel Schenkel	theologian
occupation	Donald Erb (January 17, 1927 -- August 12, 2008) was an American composer best known for large orchestral works such as Concerto for Brass and Orchestra and Ritual Observances.	Donald Erb	composer
occupation	Dorothy Walcott Weeks (May 3, 1893 -- June 4, 1990) was an American mathematician and physicist.	Dorothy Walcott Weeks	mathematician	physicist
occupation	Ray Birdwhistell (1918 -- October 19, 1994) was an American anthropologist who founded kinesics as a field of inquiry and research.	Ray Birdwhistell	anthropologist
occupation	Barry Strange was an Australian rules footballer who played for New Town, later Glenorchy, in the Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL).	Barry Strange	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Claudius Ptolemy (/ˈtɒləmi/; Greek: Κλαύδιος Πτολεμαῖος, Klaúdios Ptolemaîos, (kláwdios ptolɛmɛ́ːos); Latin: Claudius Ptolemaeus; c. AD 100 -- c. 170) was a Greco-Egyptian writer, known as a mathematician, astronomer, geographer, astrologer, and poet of a single epigram in the Greek Anthology.	Ptolemy	writer	mathematician	astronomer	geographer	astrologer
occupation	Itatí Cantoral (born Itatí Guadalupe Cantoral Zucchi; May 13, 1975) is a Mexican actress, singer, and dancer.	Itatí Cantoral	singer
occupation	Prior to his career with Ernst & Young, Akos Gurzo worked as a journalist for almost a decade at national and international media outlets.	Akos Gurzo	journalist
occupation	Gloria Whelan (born November 23, 1923) is an American poet, short story writer, and novelist known primarily for children's and young-adult fiction.	Gloria Whelan	writer
occupation	Merle Greene Robertson (August 30, 1913 -- April 22, 2011) was an American artist, art historian, archaeologist, lecturer and Mayanist researcher, renowned for her extensive work towards the investigation and preservation of the art, iconography, and writing of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization of Central America.	Merle Greene Robertson	archaeologist
occupation	Kwayzar (alias of Stanley Hoffman) is a rapper from Southern California.	Kwayzar	rapper
occupation	Naziha Réjiba (Tunisian Arabic: نزيهة رجيبة‎) also known as Om Ziad (أم زياد) is a Tunisian journalist.	Naziha Réjiba	journalist
occupation	Paul Werner Gast (September 11, 1930--May 16, 1973) was an American geochemist and geologist.	Paul Werner Gast	geologist
occupation	Tammy Hansen Grady (also known as Tammy Hanson or Tammy Grady) is an American- born recording artist, actress, photographer and former glamour model.	Tammy Hansen Grady	model
occupation	Lucas Dolega (1978--2011), born Loucas von Zabiensky-Mebrouk and also called Lucas Mebrouk Dolega, was a French/German photojournalist.	Lucas Dolega	photojournalist
occupation	Clifford Hugh Dowker (/ˈdaʊkər/; 1912--1982) was a topologist known for his work in point-set topology and also for his contributions in category theory, sheaf theory and knot theory.	Clifford Hugh Dowker	topologist
occupation	Sondra Lipton is a former fashion model from New York City, who found a second career as a painter.	Sondra Lipton	model
occupation	Jack McCauley is an American engineer, inventor and video game developer.	Jack McCauley	engineer
occupation	Richard Berry Harrison (September 28, 1864 - March 14, 1935) was a renowned actor, teacher, dramatic reader and lecturer.	Richard Berry Harrison	actor	teacher	lecturer
occupation	Ali Tamposi is a songwriter from West Palm Beach, Florida, best known for co-writing Kelly Clarkson's song, ``Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)''.	Ali Tamposi	songwriter
occupation	Bryan James Sledge, better known by his stage name BJ the Chicago Kid (or simply BJ), is an American singer-songwriter from Chicago, Illinois.	BJ the Chicago Kid	singer-songwriter
occupation	Cecil Humphreys (1883--1947) was a British film and theatre actor who played in 46 films between 1916 and 1948, mostly in supporting roles as doctors, aristcrats and generals.	Cecil Humphreys	actor
occupation	Thornton Freeland (February 10, 1898 -- May 22, 1987) was an American film director who directed 26 British and American films in a career that lasted from 1924 to 1949.	Thornton Freeland	film director
occupation	Rebecca Valadez is a Latina singer, actress, and former member of the Tejano group, Mazz.	Rebecca Valadez	singer
occupation	Felice DeMatteo (April 17, 1866 - December 13, 1929) was an Italian-American composer, arranger, and bandmaster best known for his marches, waltzes, and polkas.	Felice DeMatteo	composer
occupation	David Dubery (Durban, 1948) is a South-African born British composer, pianist, vocal coach and academic.	David Dubery	composer
occupation	Leagh Conwell (born 8 February 1990) is a British actor, known for his roles in A Knight's Tale (2001) as Young William Thatcher and Wondrous Oblivion (2003), as Jessop.	Leagh Conwell	actor
occupation	Trevor Guthrie (born February 11, 1973) is a Canadian singer and the former lead singer of the now defunct pop group soulDecision and is now a solo artist.	Trevor Guthrie	singer
occupation	Helen Corbitt (1906--1978) was an American chef and cookbook author.	Helen Corbitt	chef
occupation	John Corey Whaley (born January 19, 1984) is an American writer of contemporary realistic novels for young adults.	John Corey Whaley	writer
occupation	George J. O'Shea, Jr. is an American politician who represented the 12th Essex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1957 to 1963.	George J. O'Shea, Jr.	politician
occupation	Klaus Derendorf, also known as ``Klaus D,'' is a Los Angeles--based record producer and songwriter with millions of worldwide record sales to his credit including several Number 1 records on the Billboard charts and around the world.	Klaus Derendorf	songwriter
occupation	William Batecumbe or Badecumbe (fl. 1348) was an English mathematician and astrologer.	William Batecumbe	mathematician	astrologer
occupation	Antanas Valionis (born September 21, 1950) is a Lithuanian politician, currently a member of the New Union party.	Antanas Valionis	politician
occupation	Isaac McCoy (June 13, 1784 -- June 21, 1846) was a Baptist missionary among the Native Americans in present-day Indiana, Michigan and Missouri.	Isaac McCoy	missionary
occupation	Fermin was ordained a priest in Toulouse, according to the local legend, and returned to Pamplona as its first bishop.	Fermin	priest
occupation	In a letter dated 1 October 1922, Filippo Tommaso Marinetti wrote to inform the composer, theorist and writer Franco Casavola that: ``I've listened to Tankas, Quatrain, Gioielleria Notturna, Leila and Muoio di sete on the piano.	Franco Casavola	writer
occupation	Anita Goel (Hindi: अनीता गोयल) is a physicist and physician in the United States.	Anita Goel	physicist
occupation	Christodoulos Christodoulides (born August 22, 1976) is a Cypriot judoka who won the silver medal at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.	Christodoulos Christodoulides	judoka
occupation	Desmond Williams is an American electronica musician, as well as a record producer and was the chief sound engineer for the Eighteenth Street Lounge Music record label.	Desmond Williams	engineer
occupation	Dr. John R. Clifford is an American veterinarian.	John R. Clifford	veterinarian
occupation	Charles Derbyshire was an American translator active around the turn of the twentieth century.	Charles Derbyshire	translator
occupation	Arthur N. Dare (May 25, 1850 in Onondaga County, New York -- September 4, 1923) was a Minnesota Republican politician and Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives.	Arthur N. Dare	politician
occupation	Zohar Argov (Hebrew: זוהר ארגוב, born Zohar Orkabi on July 16, 1955 -- died November 6, 1987) was a popular Israeli singer and a distinctive voice in the Mizrahi music scene.	Zohar Argov	singer
occupation	Mukku Kasi Reddy is an Indian politician from Kanigiri constituency of Andhra Pradesh.	Mukku Kasi Reddy	politician
occupation	Dr. Mohammad Amin Fatemi (born 1952 in Nangarhar Province) is a noted Afghan physician and politician.	Mohammad Amin Fatemi	physician	politician
occupation	John Mazza (born February 23, 1964) is a left-handed ten-pin bowler and former touring player for the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA).	John Mazza	bowler
occupation	Gerald Petievich is an American crime writer.	Gerald Petievich	writer
occupation	Joy Harjo (born May 9, 1951) is a Mvskoke poet, musician, and author.	Joy Harjo	poet	musician
occupation	Wayne Jobson (born December 4, 1954), also known as Native Wayne, is a Jamaican record producer of European ancestry.	Wayne Jobson	record producer
occupation	Charlie Mars is a vocalist, guitarist and singer-songwriter from Mississippi.	Charlie Mars	guitarist	singer-songwriter
occupation	Sarah Pedinotti is an American songwriter and musician originally from Saratoga Springs, NY.	Sarah Pedinotti	musician
occupation	Marc Swadel is a New Zealand film director, cinematographer, writer and producer.	Marc Swadel	film director
occupation	Graham Crabb (born Graham Charles Crabb, 10 October 1964, Streetly, Warwickshire, England), also known as Crabbi, is a musician, best known for performing in the industrial/dance rock band, Pop Will Eat Itself (PWEI).	Graham Crabb	musician
occupation	Odd Arvid Strømstad (born 27 July 1952) is a Norwegian television director and producer, and managing director of Dinamo Story.	Odd Arvid Strømstad	television director
occupation	John Kent (died 1413) was a politician from Reading in the English county of Berkshire.	John Kent (died 1413)	politician
occupation	Charles Boner (1815--1870) was an English travel writer, poet and translator.	Charles Boner	poet
occupation	Brian Ralston (born April 12, 1974) is a composer and musician living in Los Angeles, CA.	Brian Ralston	composer
occupation	Anthony Pollina (born February 17, 1952) is an American politician who is a Progressive State Senator in Vermont.	Anthony Pollina	politician
occupation	Vance Gilbert (born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American folk singer/songwriter.	Vance Gilbert	singer	songwriter
occupation	The Mayor of London is an elected politician who, along with the London Assembly of 25 members, is accountable for the strategic government of Greater London.	Mayor of London	politician
occupation	Paul Barclay is an Australian writer, journalist, radio presenter and producer.	Paul Barclay	journalist
occupation	Julius Erasmus Hilgard (January 7, 1825 -- May 9, 1890) was a German-American engineer.	Julius Erasmus Hilgard	engineer
occupation	Nayah, whose real name is Sylvie Mestre, is a French singer.	Nayah	singer
occupation	Kurt Zeitzler (June 9, 1895 -- September 25, 1963) was a top German general during World War II. He was almost exclusively a staff officer, not a commander, serving as chief of staff in a corps, army, and army group.	Kurt Zeitzler	officer
occupation	Patrick Ecclesine is an American commercial and fine art photographer.	Patrick Ecclesine	photographer
occupation	Francis Gano Benedict (October 3, 1870 -- April 14, 1957) was an American chemist, physiologist, and nutritionist who developed a calorimeter and a spirometer used to determine oxygen consumption and measure metabolic rate.	Francis Gano Benedict	nutritionist
occupation	Leonard Issacson was a chemist and composer.	Leonard Issacson	chemist	composer
occupation	Frederick Hammersley (January 5, 1919 -- May 31, 2009) was a critically acclaimed American abstract painter whose participation in the landmark 1959 Four Abstract Classicists exhibit secured his place in art history.	Frederick Hammersley	painter
occupation	Lillian Covillo (1921 -- November 22, 2010) was an American ballet dancer, and with Freidann Parker was co-founder of the professional dance company, Colorado Ballet.	Lillian Covillo	ballet dancer
occupation	Don Cusic (born November 13, 1948 in Leonardtown, Maryland) is an American biographer, writer on music, historian of United States American popular music, songwriter, and record producer.	Don Cusic	music, historian
occupation	Daniel Gotthilf Moldenhawer (December 11, 1753 -- November 21, 1823), was a German-Danish philologist, theologian, librarian, bibliophile, palaeographer, diplomat, and Bible translator.	Daniel Gotthilf Moldenhawer	theologian	librarian	translator
occupation	Horace Davenport (April 29, 1850 - January 23, 1925) was an English swimmer, known for endurance swims.	Horace Davenport	swimmer
occupation	Ernest Bour (April 20, 1913 - June 20, 2001) was a noted conductor.	Ernest Bour	conductor
occupation	Riki Gal (Hebrew: ריקי גל‎, born July 7, 1950 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli singer.	Riki Gal	singer
occupation	Raegan Butcher (born January 15, 1969) is an American poet and singer.	Raegan Butcher	singer
occupation	Edward Alexander Preble (born in Somerville, Massachusetts on June 11, 1871; died October 4, 1957) was an American naturalist and conservationist.	Edward Alexander Preble	naturalist
occupation	Emerich Ullmann (February 23, 1861 -- 1937) was an Austrian surgeon who was a native of Pécs.	Emerich Ullmann	surgeon
occupation	Janice Rogers Brown (born May 11, 1949) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.	Janice Rogers Brown	judge
occupation	Wang Chung-yi (Chinese: 王崇儀; pinyin: Wáng Chóngyí) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Wang Chung-yi	politician
occupation	Edward Rowland Sill (April 29, 1841 -- February 27, 1887) was an American poet and educator.	Edward Rowland Sill	poet
occupation	Samuel Jared Taylor (born September 15, 1951) is an American white nationalist and a journalist who advocates of what he describes as racial realism.	Jared Taylor	journalist
occupation	Alan Sepinwall is an American television reviewer and writer.	Alan Sepinwall	writer
occupation	William Henry Withrow (August 6, 1839 -- November 12, 1908) was a Canadian Methodist minister, journalist, and author.	William Henry Withrow	journalist	author
occupation	Simon Cruz, is a Swedish rock singer most famous for being the lead singer for the Swedish sleaze rock band Crashdïet.	Simon Cruz	singer
occupation	Nicholas Dante (November 22, 1941 -- May 21, 1991) was an American dancer and writer, best known for having co-written the book of the musical A Chorus Line.	Nicholas Dante	writer
occupation	Luis Camnitzer (born 1937) is a German-born Uruguayan artist and academic who resides in the United States.	Luis Camnitzer	artist
occupation	Théodore Moret, also known as Moretus (Antwerp 1602 -- Breslau 1667) was a Belgian mathematician and Jesuit.	Théodore Moret	mathematician
occupation	Doreen Taylor (born January 30) is an American Adult contemporary, pop singer, songwriter, model and actress.	Doreen Taylor	singer, songwriter
occupation	Ira Schneider (born in New York, NY in 1939) is an American video artist.	Ira Schneider	artist
occupation	George Pozer is the anglicised name of Johann Georg Pfotzer (November 21, 1752 -- June 16, 1848) who was a merchant, landowner and the fourth Seigneur of Aubert-Gallion.	George Pozer	merchant
occupation	Christian Mortensen was born the son of a tailor in the village of Skårup, near the city of Skanderborg, Denmark, on August 16, 1882.	Christian Mortensen	tailor
occupation	Ljubomir Klerić (June 29, 1844 -- January 21, 1910) was a Serbian mining engineer, mathematician, inventor, professor of mechanics, academician and Minister of Education and the economy of Serbia.	Ljubomir Klerić	mathematician
occupation	Christian Farla is a Dutch illusionist/magician whose homebase is in Rhoon, near Rotterdam.	Christian Farla	magician
occupation	Thomas Scott Baldwin (June 30, 1854 -- May 17, 1923) was a pioneer balloonist and U.S. Army major during World War I. He was the first American to descend from a balloon by parachute.	Thomas Scott Baldwin	balloonist
occupation	Julie Van Dusen is a Canadian journalist who works for CBC News and is seen mainly during The National.	Julie Van Dusen	journalist
occupation	Edmund Jolliffe is a British composer of contemporary classical and commercial music.	Edmund Jolliffe	composer
occupation	William Smith Culbertson was an American diplomat and soldier.	William Smith Culbertson	diplomat
occupation	Nicholas Honerkamp is an American archaeologist whose principal fields of interest are historical archaeology, plantation archaeology, industrial archaeology and archaeological method and theory.	Nicholas Honerkamp	archaeologist
occupation	Sir Thomas George Roddick (July 31, 1846 -- February 20, 1923) was a Canadian surgeon, medical administrator, and politician born in Harbor Grace, Newfoundland	Thomas George Roddick	politician
occupation	Kenneth R. Giddens (September 10, 1908 -- May 7, 1993) was an architect and movie theater owner, but most notably the broadcaster who put two radio stations and one television station based in Mobile, Alabama on the air, all at one point in time bearing the call sign ``WKRG''.	Kenneth R. Giddens	architect
occupation	Chip Zdarsky is the pseudonym of Canadian comic book artist, journalist, illustrator and designer Steve Murray (born December 21, 1975).	Chip Zdarsky	journalist
occupation	Chia-Hui Lu (Chinese: 盧佳慧) is a Taiwanese classical pianist.	Chia-Hui Lu	pianist
occupation	Otis Leavill (February 8, 1937 -- July 17, 2002) was an American R&B singer, songwriter and record company executive.	Otis Leavill	singer
occupation	Sarah Dreher (born March 26, 1937, Hanover, Pennsylvania -- died April 2, 2012, Amherst, Massachusetts) was an American lesbian novelist and playwright, and best known for her award-winning lesbian mystery series featuring amateur sleuth Stoner McTavish.	Sarah Dreher	novelist
occupation	Ray Weston is a Scottish drummer, most noted for his work with Wishbone Ash.	Ray Weston	drummer
occupation	Vicente Cañas, S.J. (October 22, 1939 in Alborea, Albacete -- April 6, 1987 in Mato Grosso) was a Spanish Christian missionary and Jesuit brother, who is credited with making the first peaceful contact with the Enawene Nawe Indian tribe in 1974.	Vicente Cañas	missionary
occupation	Steve Jarratt is a long-time videogames journalist and magazine editor.	Steve Jarratt	journalist	editor
occupation	Luca Marenzio (also Marentio; October 18, 1553 or 1554 -- August 22, 1599) was an Italian composer and singer of the late Renaissance.	Luca Marenzio	composer
occupation	Vincenzo Coronelli (August 16, 1650 -- December 9, 1718) was a Franciscan friar, cosmographer, cartographer, publisher, and encyclopedist known in particular for his atlases and globes.	Vincenzo Coronelli	cartographer
occupation	Evgeni Babsky (Russian: Бабский, Евгений Борисович; 1902--1973) was a Soviet physiologist, D.Sc., Member of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences.	Evgeni Babsky	physiologist
occupation	Demetrio Aguilera Malta (Guayaquil, May 24, 1909 -- México D.F., December 28, 1981) was an Ecuadorian writer, director, painter, and diplomat.	Demetrio Aguilera Malta	writer	painter	diplomat
occupation	Jean De Mesmaeker (born 21 December 1935) known by the pseudonym Jidéhem, is a Belgian comics artist in the Marcinelle school tradition.	Jidéhem	comics artist
occupation	Brett Leonard (born May 14, 1959) is an American film director, producer and music video director specializing in the science fiction and horror genres.	Brett Leonard	film director
occupation	Rufus Thibodeaux (January 5, 1934, Ridge, Louisiana -- August 12, 2005, Nashville, Tennessee) was an American Cajun music fiddler.	Rufus Thibodeaux	fiddler
occupation	Parmy Olson is a journalist for Forbes magazine known for her work on the hacktivist movement Anonymous.	Parmy Olson	journalist
occupation	Anna Izzo is an Italian painter, sculptor and designer which work has been exhibited internationally in New York, Amsterdam, London, Moscow, Lugano, Rome, Milan, Naples, Capri and Bari.	Anna Izzo	painter
occupation	Richard Quinney (born 1934) is an American sociologist, writer, and photographer known for his philosophical and critical approach to crime and social justice.	Richard Quinney	sociologist	writer	photographer
occupation	Ray Amoo is a Nigerian professional fly/super fly/bantamweight boxer of the 1970s and '80s who won the Commonwealth flyweight title, and was a challenger for the West African Boxing Union flyweight title against Nana Yaw Konadu.	Ray Amoo	boxer
occupation	Thomas Waltham (fl. 1379-1388), of Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire, was an English politician.	Thomas Waltham	politician
occupation	Matthias Endres (born July 6, 1852 in Buffalo, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Matthias Endres	politician
occupation	Mano Khalil is a Kurdish-Syrian film director.	Mano Khalil	film director
occupation	Dennis Haugh was an Irish light heavyweight boxer who was British champion between 1913 and 1914, the first holder of the title at this weight.	Dennis Haugh	boxer
occupation	Dismas Becker (September 16, 1936 -- September 19, 2010) was an American Democratic politician, civil rights activist and former Discalced Carmelite friar and Catholic priest from Wisconsin.	Dismas Becker	politician
occupation	Jean-Michel Defaye (born 1932) is a French pianist, composer, arranger and conductor known for his collaboration with French poet and singer-songwriter Léo Ferré.	Jean-Michel Defaye	composer	conductor
occupation	Saleh Kezabo was a Chadian politician who in the late 1990s was a Minister in charge of oil and mining.	Saleh Kezabo	politician
occupation	Hulleah Tsinhnahjinnie (born 1954) is a Seminole-Muscogee-Navajo photographer, curator, and educator living in Davis, California.	Hulleah Tsinhnahjinnie	photographer
occupation	Snehal Dabi is an Indian actor who became known for playing the role of ``Chander Krishnakant Khote,'' a fun-loving gangster-wannabe in Satya (1998).	Snehal Dabi	actor
occupation	Eric Harding (born December 20, 1972) is an American former professional boxer who fought at light heavyweight.	Eric Harding	boxer
occupation	Anna Seaton Huntington (born February 12, 1964 in Topeka, Kansas) is an American rower and author.	Anna Seaton	rower
occupation	Ilona Novák (born May 16, 1925) is a former Hungarian swimmer and Olympic champion.	Ilona Novák	swimmer
occupation	Kelly Louise Going (born August 21, 1973) is an American writer under the name KL Going, most widely known for her young-adult novel Fat Kid Rules the World, a Michael L. Printz Award Honor Book in 2004.	KL Going	writer
occupation	Isaac Jackman (fl. 1795) was an Irish journalist and dramatist.	Isaac Jackman	journalist
occupation	Jack Curtis Dubowsky is an American composer who has scored independent feature films and composed music for television, advertising, and concert performance.	Jack Curtis Dubowsky	composer
occupation	Hassan Mohamed Hussein ``Muungaab'' Arabic: حسن محمد حسين مونجاب‎) is a Somali politician.	Hassan Mohamed Hussein	politician
occupation	David Woobay (born in Moyamba, Moyamba District) is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP), who is currently serving as mayor and Council Chairman Moymaba Town.	David Woobay	politician
occupation	Rudolph J. Wojta (* August 10, 1944) is an Austrian journalist and co-founder of the festival Shakespeare in Styria.	Rudolph J. Wojta	journalist
occupation	Sunil Chandra Tirkey is an Indian politician and was the Minister of State for Consumer Affairs in the Government of West Bengal.	Sunil Chandra Tirkey	politician
occupation	Nancy Galbraith (Born 1951 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American postmodern/postminimalist composer.	Nancy Galbraith	composer
occupation	Mark Alexander Knox (born April 15, 1970), better known as Flex Alexander or Flex, is an American actor, comedian and dancer.	Flex Alexander	actor
occupation	Neil Callan is an Irish horse racing jockey.	Neil Callan	jockey
occupation	Moses Clark White (simplified Chinese: 怀德; traditional Chinese: 懷德; Pinyin: Huáidé; Foochow Romanized: Huài-dáik; July 24, 1819 - October 24, 1900) was both an American Methodist pioneer missionary in China and a physician.	Moses Clark White	missionary
occupation	Rodney Griffin is a Southern Gospel singer and songwriter currently performing with Greater Vision.	Rodney Griffin	singer
occupation	Henry Lau (born October 11, 1989), simply known by his stage name Henry, is a Canadian singer-songwriter, rapper, dancer, record producer, beatboxer and actor mostly active in South Korea.	Henry Lau	singer	dancer
occupation	Max Maximilian was a German singer and film actor of the silent era.	Max Maximilian	actor
occupation	Lewis Elliott Chaze (November 15, 1915 -- November 11, 1990) was an American war veteran, journalist, and novelist.	Lewis Elliott Chaze	journalist	novelist
occupation	Muhammad Abdallah Muthanna (born 1945 or 1947) is a Yemeni novelist, playwright and short story writer.	Muhammad Abdallah Muthanna	playwright
occupation	Fatima Robinson is a music video director and choreographer.	Fatima Robinson	music video director	choreographer
occupation	Brent Franklin (born December 16, 1965) is a former Canadian professional golfer.	Brent Franklin	golfer
occupation	Nearly a year later, Spock remains as Kirk's chief science officer and executive officer as the Enterprise departs on its first five-year mission of deep-space exploration.	Spock	executive officer
occupation	Alexandra Skoglund (1862-1938) was a Swedish suffragette, women's rights activist and politician.	Alexandra Skoglund	politician
occupation	Manuel Antônio de Almeida (November 17, 1831 -- November 28, 1861) was a Brazilian satirical writer, medician and teacher.	Manuel Antônio de Almeida	writer
occupation	Ellen Lipton Hollander (born May 24, 1949) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the District of Maryland.	Ellen Lipton Hollander	judge
occupation	Bill Bowers (born April 16, 1959) is an American mime artist and actor based in New York City.	Bill Bowers	actor
occupation	Cyrus Derman (July 16, 1925 -- April 27, 2011) was an American mathematician and amateur musician who did research in Markov decision process, stochastic processes, operations research, statistics and a variety of other fields.	Cyrus Derman	mathematician
occupation	Ricardo Antonio Chavira (born September 1, 1971) is an American actor, known for his role as Carlos Solis in the ABC comedy-drama series, Desperate Housewives (2004--12).	Ricardo Antonio Chavira	actor
occupation	Alfred Codd (March 19, 1843 -- after 1896) was a Canadian pioneer medical doctor and politician.	Alfred Codd	politician
occupation	Giovanni Carlo Galli-Bibiena (August 11, 1717 - November 20, 1760), was an Italian architect and designer.	Giovanni Carlo Galli-Bibiena	architect
occupation	Santiago Ziesmer (born July 25, 1953) is a Spanish-born German actor and voice actor.	Santiago Ziesmer	actor	voice actor
occupation	Talib Haider (Urdu: حیدر طالب‎) is a television journalist and a news presenter.	Talib Haider	journalist
occupation	Nicole Bartelme (born April 17, 1967) is an American artist and the initial founder of The TriBeCa Film Festival in Manhattan, New York City.	Nicole Bartelme	artist
occupation	Dan Johnstone (born July 31, 1987 in Edmonton, Alberta), also known as ``Can Man Dan'', is a Canadian anti-poverty activist, philanthropist, community organizer and politician.	Can Man Dan	politician
occupation	While Deccan Herald wrote that Subiksha was ``convincing in her understated role'', The Times of India stated that she ``could have done a better job'', and Sify wrote, ``though she doesn't mesmerize the audience, her potential as an actor is visible''.	Subiksha	actor
occupation	Liam Durcan is a neurologist at the Montreal Neurological Hospital and an Assistant Professor at McGill University.	Liam Durcan	neurologist
occupation	George T. Boult (dates of birth and death unknown, probably from Maidenhead in Berkshire) was a noted English cricketer of the late 18th century who was a member of the Hambledon Club.	George T. Boult	cricketer
occupation	Erin Molan (born 24 August 1984) is an Australian radio and television presenter and sport commentator.	Erin Molan	television presenter
occupation	Beatrice Arthur (born Bernice Frankel, May 13, 1922 -- April 25, 2009), also known as Bea Arthur, was an American actress, comedian, and singer.	Bea Arthur	singer
occupation	Shabba Doo (born Adolfo Gordon Quiñones; May 11, 1955) is an actor, dancer, and choreographer of African-American and Puerto Rican/American descent.	Shabba Doo	actor
occupation	Peter Joyce (born June 23, 1964) is a contemporary English painter, whose works focus on the depiction of natural landscapes.	Peter Joyce	painter
occupation	María Teresa Carreño García de Sena (December 22, 1853 -- June 12, 1917) was a Venezuelan pianist, singer, composer, and conductor.	Teresa Carreño	composer	conductor
occupation	Eknath Easwaran (December 17, 1910 -- October 26, 1999) was a spiritual teacher, an author of books on meditation and ways to lead a fulfilling life, as well as a translator and interpreter of Indian literature.	Eknath Easwaran	author	translator
occupation	Ivan Senay is a Ukrainian amateur boxer who won the gold medal at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the middleweight division.	Ivan Senay	boxer
occupation	Morgan Oey (born Handi Morgan Winata in Singkawang, West Borneo on May 25, 1990), is an Indonesian singer, actor and model.	Morgan Oey	singer	actor
occupation	Caroline Lavelle is a British singer-songwriter and cellist who has created three solo albums and contributed vocals, music, and production help to many other artists and bands.	Caroline Lavelle	singer-songwriter
occupation	Robert Curtis Smith (February 17, 1930 -- November 10, 2010) was an African American Piedmont blues singer, guitarist and songwriter.	Robert Curtis Smith	singer
occupation	Dwij Yadav is an Indian film child actor.	Dwij Yadav	actor
occupation	Bess Myerson (July 16, 1924 -- December 14, 2014) was an American politician, model and television actress who was crowned Miss America in 1945.	Bess Myerson	politician	model
occupation	Israel López Valdés (September 14, 1918 -- March 22, 2008), better known as Cachao (/kəˈtʃaʊ/ kə-CHOW), was a Cuban double bassist and composer.	Cachao	composer
occupation	Nurit Wilde is an Israeli-born photographer and socialite.	Nurit Wilde	photographer
occupation	Jerome Packard is an American linguist specializing in Chinese linguistics and psycholinguistics.	Jerome Packard	linguist
occupation	Rhoda Holmes Nicholls (March 28, 1854 -- September 7, 1930) was an English American watercolor and oil painter, born in Coventry, England.	Rhoda Holmes Nicholls	painter
occupation	Pietro Delitala was the first Sardinian poet to write in Italian.	Pietro Delitala	poet
occupation	Nurit Yarden (Hebrew: נורית ירדן) is an Israeli Art photographer, who lives and works in Tel Aviv.	Nurit Yarden	photographer
occupation	Anka Grupińska (born 1956) is a Polish dissident, journalist and writer.	Anka Grupińska	journalist
occupation	Bahnus (Korean: 바누스) whose real name is Lee Jae-young (Korean: 이재영) is a South Korean composer and producer.	Bahnus	composer
occupation	Shaune Bagwell (née Shaune Stauffer) is an American born fashion model, beauty queen and actress.	Shaune Bagwell	model
occupation	Raelle Tucker is an American television writer, who is a producer on the HBO vampire series True Blood and is developing a remake of the British series Bad Girls with Nancy Oliver.	Raelle Tucker	writer
occupation	Fred Knoblock (born J. Fred Knobloch; April 28, 1953, in Jackson, Mississippi) is an American country singer-songwriter.	Fred Knoblock	singer-songwriter
occupation	Stan Cockerton (born May 19, 1955) was an All-American lacrosse player for the NC State Wolfpack men's lacrosse team from 1977 to 1980, leading the Wolfpack to its only NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament appearance in 1979.	Stan Cockerton	lacrosse player
occupation	Marion Milner (1900--1998), sometimes known as Marion Blackett-Milner, was a British author and psychoanalyst.	Marion Milner	psychoanalyst
occupation	Angela McLean (born August 19, 1970) is an American politician and educator from the state of Montana.	Angela McLean	politician
occupation	Werner Drewes (1899--1985) was a painter, printmaker, and art teacher.	Werner Drewes	painter
occupation	Mailon Rivera is a New York City native and actor.	Mailon Rivera	actor
occupation	Ata Turab (Urdu: عطا تراب‎) is a Pakistani poet.	Ata Turab	poet
occupation	Chung King-fai, SBS, is a Hong Kong actor and pioneer of contemporary performing art. He is also a director, TV producer, programme host and performing arts educator.	Chung King-fai	actor
occupation	Sathyan Anthikad is an Indian film director, screenwriter, and lyricist best known for his family based Malayalam films.	Sathyan Anthikad	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Sulfina Barbu (Romanian pronunciation: (sulˈfina ˈbarbu)) is a Romanian politician and member of the Chamber of Deputies.	Sulfina Barbu	politician
occupation	Stefano Venturi del Nibbio (fl. 1592--1600) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance, active in Venice and Florence.	Stefano Venturi del Nibbio	composer
occupation	Emil Christian Hansen (May 8, 1842 -- August 27, 1909) was a Danish mycologist and fermentation physiologist.	Emil Christian Hansen	mycologist
occupation	Glenway Wescott (April 11, 1901 -- February 22, 1987) was an American poet, novelist and essayist.	Glenway Wescott	novelist
occupation	Roy W. Brown is a British-born engineer, humanist and human rights activist.	Roy W. Brown	engineer
occupation	José Argüelles married twice and was the father of two children, Josh and Tara, by his first wife, writer and artist Miriam Tarcov.	José Argüelles	writer
occupation	Henry Denman Thompson (October 15, 1833 -- April 14, 1911) was an American playwright and theatre actor.	Denman Thompson	playwright
occupation	Junior Watson (born Michael Watson) is an American jump blues guitarist and singer.	Junior Watson	singer
occupation	Afif Bahnassi is a Syrian Islamic art historian and museum curator, General Director of Antiquities and Museums in Damascus, Syria.	Afif Bahnassi	art historian
occupation	Elliott Woods (February 2, 1865 -- May 22, 1923) was an American architect who served as Architect of the Capitol from 1902 to 1923.	Elliott Woods	architect
occupation	John Cafiero is an American punk rock musician, film director and film producer.	John Cafiero	film producer
occupation	Clayton Hare (July 13, 1909 -- December 11, 2001) was a Canadian teacher, conductor, and violinist.	Clayton Hare	conductor
occupation	Allen Kelsey Grammer (born February 21, 1955) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, producer, director, writer, singer and activist.	Kelsey Grammer	actor
occupation	Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Rittikh or Alexander Rittich (Russian: Александр Александрович Риттих) (September 27, 1868 -- June 15, 1930, London) was a politician of the Russian Empire, the last imperial Minister of Agriculture (1917).	Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Rittikh	politician
occupation	Grady Hall is an American director and screenwriter.	Grady Hall	screenwriter
occupation	Luis Abadiano y Valdés was a 19th-century printer and publisher in Mexico City, one in a long line of printers, publishers, booksellers and book collectors traceable back to the famous Humanist and bibliographer Juan José de Eguiara y Eguren, founder of the printing house Biblioteca Mexicana (Mexican Library) in 1753.	Luis Abadiano	publisher
occupation	Geremino Bisceglia (January 17, 1910 in Harrison, New York - March 14, 1987 in Newburgh, New York), better known as Tex Fletcher, was a singing cowboy with credits as a recording artist, Broadway and movie actor, night club performer, and radio and television personality.	Tex Fletcher	actor
occupation	Karen Akers (born October 13, 1945) is an American actress and singer, who has appeared on Broadway, and in cabaret and film.	Karen Akers	singer
occupation	Alan Pilkington (born ca. 1964) is a British engineer, and Professor at the Copenhagen Business School, known for his on the Technology management, Operations management, Manufacturing strategy and Enterprise engineering.	Alan Pilkington	engineer
occupation	Iban Mayoz Exteberria (born September 30, 1981 in San Sebastián, Basque Country) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer, currently not under contract to any team.	Iban Mayoz	bicycle racer
occupation	Aylett Hawes (April 21, 1768 -- August 31, 1833) was a nineteenth-century politician and planter from Virginia.	Aylett Hawes	politician
occupation	Bernardo Martorana (Palermo, April 25, 1846 - after 1891 ) was an Italian painter, active in Sicily painting historical and landscape subjects.	Bernardo Martorana	painter
occupation	Titus Quinctius Flamininus (/ˌflæmɪˈnaɪnəs/ FLAM-i-NY-nəs; c. 229 BC -- c. 174 BC) was a Roman politician and general instrumental in the Roman conquest of Greece.	Titus Quinctius Flamininus	politician
occupation	Born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, he is a former elementary school teacher and the founding member, and front man, of punk bands The Meatmen, Tesco Vee's Hate Police, Blight, and Dutch Hercules.	Tesco Vee	teacher
occupation	Nicolau Coelho (c.1460, Felgueiras - 1502, off the coast of Mozambique) was an expert Portuguese navigator and explorer during the age of discovery.	Nicolau Coelho	explorer
occupation	Chilton Price (December 25, 1913 -- January 14, 2010) was a songwriter, primarily known for country music songs, which became pop music hits.	Chilton Price	songwriter
occupation	Leonardo Mansueti was an Italian Dominican and librarian.	Leonardo Mansueti	librarian
occupation	Cristina Kotz Cornejo is an Argentine-American director and screenwriter who divides her time between Boston, MA, Mexico City and Buenos Aires Argentina.	Cristina Kotz Cornejo	screenwriter
occupation	Louis-Léon Lesieur Désaulniers (February 20, 1823 -- October 31, 1896) was a Quebec physician and political figure.	Louis-Léon Lesieur Désaulniers	physician
occupation	Hữu Loan (January 14, 1916 -- March 18, 2010) was a Vietnamese poet, best known for an autobiographical epic of love and the cruelty of war.	Hữu Loan	poet
occupation	Larry Kaplan is an American video game designer and programmer best known for the 1981 Atari 2600 game, Kaboom!.	Larry Kaplan	game designer	programmer
occupation	Sally Pressman (born August 1, 1981) is an American actress and dancer, best known for her role as Roxy LeBlanc on the Lifetime Television drama series Army Wives.	Sally Pressman	dancer
occupation	Aper (full name Lucius Flavius Aper, date of birth unknown ) was a Roman soldier and public servant in the second half of the Third Century AD who rose to the highest office in the Imperial Service only to fall in the most spectacular fashion.	Lucius Flavius Aper	soldier
occupation	Poongothai Aladi Aruna is an Indian politician and former Information and Technology minister of Tamil Nadu under DMK ruling in 2006-2011.	Poongothai Aladi Aruna	politician
occupation	Erik Paulsen (born May 14, 1965) is an American politician serving in the United States House of Representatives for Minnesota's 3rd congressional district since 2009.	Erik Paulsen	politician
occupation	Fuat Mansurov (Tatar: Фуат Шакир улы Мансуров, Russian: Мансуров, Фуат Шакирович) (January 10, 1928 -- June 12, 2010) was a Soviet and Russian conductor.	Fuat Mansurov	conductor
occupation	Nadav Kander (born December 1, 1961) is a London-based photographer, artist and director, known for his portraiture and landscapes.	Nadav Kander	photographer
occupation	Other admirers included such luminaries as architect Jean Nouvel, admittedly not a sports enthusiast, television personality Maïtena Biraben, who calls him ``her idol,'' and actor Hugh Jackman, who said of him, ``I was pretty obsessed with rugby player Jean-Pierre Rives.	Jean-Pierre Rives	actor
occupation	Willard Dickerman Straight (January 31, 1880 -- December 1, 1918) was an American investment banker, publisher, reporter, Army Reserve officer, diplomat and by marriage, a member of the Whitney family.	Willard Dickerman Straight	diplomat
occupation	Fan Liang-shiow (Chinese: 范良銹; pinyin: Fàn Liángxiù) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Fan Liang-shiow	politician
occupation	Keef Trouble (born Keith Trussell, 1949, Greenwich, London) is an English composer, singer and musician.	Keef Trouble	composer	musician
occupation	Vladimir Sidorkin (born May 9, 1986) is an Estonian swimmer, who specialized in both long and short course freestyle events.	Vladimir Sidorkin	swimmer
occupation	Anton Pein (born May 9, 1967 in Klagenfurt) is an Austrian darts player, regarded as one of the country's best players.	Anton Pein	darts player
occupation	Gayla Peevey Henderson (born March 8, 1943) is a former singer and child star from Ponca City, Oklahoma.	Gayla Peevey	singer
occupation	Artūras Barysas ``Baras'' (May 10, 1954 -- January 28, 2005) was a Lithuanian ``counter-culture'' actor, singer, photographer, and filmmaker, known as the father of modern Lithuanian avant-garde.	Artūras Barysas	actor	singer	photographer
occupation	Orla Mølgaard-Nielsen (1907--1993) was a Danish architect and furniture designer.	Orla Mølgaard-Nielsen	architect
occupation	Jasmine Dellal is a British-born film director and producer.	Jasmine Dellal	film director
occupation	Stanley Vollant (born April 2, 1965) is an Innu surgeon from the aboriginal community of Pessamit, which is located by the course of the St-Lawrence River, in the Côte-Nord region of Quebec.	Stanley Vollant	surgeon
occupation	Stephen Baird is a singer-songwriter, and member of The Galapagos Mountain Boys.	Stephen Baird	singer-songwriter
occupation	Harold Clayton MacHackady (February 10, 1922 -- October 12, 2015), best known as Hal Hackady, and sometimes credited as Hal Hackaday, was an American lyricist, librettist and screenwriter.	Hal Hackady	librettist
occupation	Neil Patrick Harris (born June 15, 1973) is an American actor, producer, singer, comedian, magician, and television host.	Neil Patrick Harris	actor	magician
occupation	George Bruns (July 3, 1914 -- May 23, 1983) was an American composer of music for film and television who worked on many Disney films.	George Bruns	composer
occupation	Sol Kaplan (April 19, 1919 -- November 14, 1990) was a prolific film and television music composer.	Sol Kaplan	composer
occupation	Yekaterina Samoylova (1763--1830) was a Russian noble and lady-in-waiting.	Yekaterina Samoylova	lady-in-waiting
occupation	Bart Berman (Hebrew: ברט ברמן‎; born December 29, 1938) is a Dutch-Israeli pianist and composer, best known as an interpreter of Franz Schubert and 20th-century music.	Bart Berman	pianist	composer
occupation	Michelle Lynn Shupack (born September 20, 1968), professionally known by her stage name Michelle Visage, is an American singer, television host, radio DJ, and television personality.	Michelle Visage	singer
occupation	Ibrahim Jaja was an alpine skier from the Lebanon.	Ibrahim Jaja	alpine skier
occupation	Thomas Horn (born December 14, 1997) is an American actor best known for his role in the American drama film Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close (2011).	Thomas Horn	actor
occupation	John Roy Whinnery (July 26, 1916 -- February 1, 2009) was an American electrical engineer and educator who worked in the fields of microwave theory and laser experimentation.	John Roy Whinnery	electrical engineer
occupation	Frederick Wadsworth Loring (December 12, 1848 -- November 5, 1871) was an American journalist, novelist and poet.	Frederick Wadsworth Loring	journalist	novelist
occupation	Gerhard Amendt (born June 8, 1939, in Frankfurt am Main) is a German sociologist, and was Professor at Bremen University, in the Research Institute for Gender and Generation until his retirement in 2003.	Gerhard Amendt	sociologist
occupation	Spyros Kokotos (Greek: Σπύρος Κοκοτός) is a Greek architect born in the city of Herakleion, Crete on October 30, 1933, to (father) Fotis (Greek: Φώτης) a.k.a. ``Takis'' (Greek: Τάκης) Kokotos and (mother) Anna Varouha (Greek: Αννα Βαρούχα).	Spyros Kokotos	architect
occupation	Lluís Pujals i Carretero (January 22, 1966-) is a Catalan musician and painter.	Lluís Pujals i Carretero	painter
occupation	Kim Min-jun (Hangul: 김민준; hanja: 金閔俊; born January 15, 1988), better known by his stage name Jun. K, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and record producer.	Jun. K	singer
occupation	Telly Leung (born January 3, 1980) is an American actor, singer and songwriter.	Telly Leung	actor	singer	songwriter
occupation	Andy Eddy is an American video game journalist and critic.	Andy Eddy	journalist
occupation	Dee McLachlan is a film director, producer and writer from Middle Park, Victoria.	Dee McLachlan	film director
occupation	Volodymyr Sichynskyi (June 24, 1894 -- June 25, 1962) was a Ukrainian émigré architect, graphic artist, and art historian.	Volodymyr Sichynskyi	architect	art historian
occupation	Tommaso De Vivo (1787--1884) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Naples, Italy.	Tommaso De Vivo	painter
occupation	George Ritzer (born 1940) is an American sociologist, professor, and author who studies globalization, metatheory, patterns of consumption, and modern and postmodern social theory.	George Ritzer	sociologist
occupation	James Barkley is an artist, illustrator, and professor from Pleasantville, New York.	James Barkley	artist
occupation	Paul Pyers was an Australian rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.	Paul Pyers	rugby league player
occupation	Irene Scruggs (December 7, 1901 -- probably July 20, 1981) was an American Piedmont blues and country blues singer, who was also billed as Chocolate Brown and Dixie Nolan.	Irene Scruggs	singer
occupation	Aury Wallington is an American novelist and TV writer.	Aury Wallington	novelist
occupation	Manish Sisodia is an Indian politician who has been the Deputy Chief Minister of Delhi since February 2015.	Manish Sisodia	politician
occupation	David Apperley is an Australian technical diver and cave explorer.	David Apperley	explorer
occupation	Alfredo Toro Hardy (born in Caracas on May 22, 1950) is a Venezuelan diplomat, scholar and public intellectual and the current Ambassador of his country to Singapore.	Alfredo Toro Hardy	diplomat
occupation	Greg R. Fishbone (born August 12, 1970) is an American writer, illustrator, and former publisher who lives in Massachusetts.	Greg R. Fishbone	writer
occupation	Antigoni Papadopoulou (Greek: Αντιγόνη Παπαδοπούλου; née Pericleous; Greek: Περικλέους; born July 8, 1954) is a Greek Cypriot politician and chemist.	Antigoni Papadopoulou	politician
occupation	Christophe Beaucarne, SBC is a Belgian cinematographer.	Christophe Beaucarne	cinematographer
occupation	Sebastian Bradatsch (born 8 May1996) is a German ski jumper who has been competing since 2011.	Sebastian Bradatsch	ski jumper
occupation	Najib Ullah (February 14, 1914 to August 2, 1965) was an Afghan writer and ambassador.	Najib Ullah	ambassador
occupation	John Dawson Winter III (February 23, 1944 -- July 16, 2014), known as Johnny Winter, was an American musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer.	Johnny Winter	singer, songwriter
occupation	Hannibal Hamlin Garland (September 14, 1860 -- March 4, 1940) was an American novelist, poet, essayist, and short story writer, Georgist, and parapsychology skeptic/researcher.	Hamlin Garland	novelist	essayist
occupation	Franz Josef Och (November 2, 1971) is a German computer scientist.	Franz Josef Och	computer scientist
occupation	Hester Kaplan is an American short story writer, and novelist.	Hester Kaplan	novelist
occupation	Christine Palamidessi Moore (born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an Italian-American writer and novelist.	Christine Palamidessi Moore	novelist
occupation	Olav Hodne (June 16, 1921 - October 29, 2009) was a Norwegian humanitarian and missionary, affiliated with the Norwegian Santal Mission.	Olav Hodne	missionary
occupation	Martha Settle Putney (November 9, 1916 -- December 11, 2008) was an American educator and historian who chronicled the roles of African Americans in the armed forces.	Martha Settle Putney	historian
occupation	Robert Easton Burns (December 26, 1805 -- January 12, 1863) was a Canadian lawyer, judge, and Chancellor of the University of Toronto.	Robert Easton Burns	lawyer
occupation	Thomas Rudston (by 1507-56), of Swaffham Bulbeck, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.	Thomas Rudston	politician
occupation	Vivian Le (born July 30, 2000) is an American competitive figure skater.	Vivian Le	figure skater
occupation	Jaime Hinckson (born Jaime Andrew Hinckson on June 4, 1988) is a Jamaican American reggae jazz pianist and composer who performs both jazz and reggae music.	Jaime Hinckson	composer
occupation	Michael Middleton Dwyer is an architect practicing in New York City known for renovating historic structures and designing new ones in traditional vocabularies, also known as New Classical Architecture.	Michael Middleton Dwyer	architect
occupation	Otto Frederick Rohwedder (July 7, 1880 -- November 8, 1960) was an American inventor and engineer who created the first automatic bread-slicing machine for commercial use.	Otto Frederick Rohwedder	engineer
occupation	Lew Futterman is a record producer and manager active since the mid 1960s.	Lew Futterman	record producer
occupation	Father Eugene John Hebert was an American born Jesuit missionary in Sri Lanka.	Eugene John Hebert	missionary
occupation	Nicolas Neufchatel or Neufchâtel (ca. 1527 -- ca. 1590), known as Lucidel, was a Flemish painter and draughtsman.	Nicolas Neufchatel	painter
occupation	Ammar Hassan (Arabic: عمار حسن‎) (born November 13, 1976) is a singer who rose to popularity around the world after placing second in Super Star 2, the pan-Arabic version of Pop Idol.	Ammar Hassan	singer
occupation	Meyer Levy (May 16, 1887 -- January 26, 1967 in Manhattan, New York City) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from New York.	Meyer Levy	politician
occupation	Frederick Mathesius was an American architect who was partnered with Charles Alonzo Rich at the firm Rich, Mathesius and Koyl, until Rich retired in 1932.	Frederick Mathesius	architect
occupation	Elric van Vuuren is a former South African rugby union player that played Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup rugby for the Mighty Elephants, Border Bulldogs and SWD Eagles between 2006 and 2015.	Elric van Vuuren	rugby union player
occupation	William Swain Lee (born December 18, 1935) is an American lawyer and politician from Georgetown, in Sussex County, Delaware.	William Swain Lee	lawyer
occupation	Hans Tobeason is a television screenwriter and executive producer.	Hans Tobeason	screenwriter	executive producer
occupation	Simon Huw Jones is a vocalist, lyric writer and photographer.	Simon Huw Jones	photographer
occupation	Ali Bouali, stage name Ali B (born 20 Januari 1981), is a Dutch rapper of Moroccan descent.	Ali B	rapper
occupation	Harve Bennett (born Harve Bennett Fischman; August 17, 1930 -- February 25, 2015) was an American television and film producer and screenwriter.	Harve Bennett	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Andrew Charles Elliott (June 22, 1829 -- April 9, 1889) was a British Columbian politician and jurist.	Andrew Charles Elliott	politician	jurist
occupation	Roger Ferriter is a graphic designer most renowned as the progenitor of the L'eggs name, logo and packaging design (the L'eggs egg and egg-shaped dispenser).	Roger Ferriter	graphic designer
occupation	Ramdas Padhye is an Indian ventriloquist, puppeteer and puppet-maker.	Ramdas Padhye	puppeteer
occupation	Paul Moak is an American producer, engineer, mixer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist currently residing in Nashville, TN.	Paul Moak	engineer
occupation	Georges Doussot (born October 16, 1901, date of death unknown) was a French boxer.	Georges Doussot	boxer
occupation	Józef Borzyszkowski (born February 6, 1946, Karsin) is a prolific Polish historian, professor of history at Gdańsk University, and Kashubian activist, who served as chairman of the Kashubian-Pomeranian Association from 1986-92.	Józef Borzyszkowski	historian
occupation	Harley Harris Bartlett (born Anaconda, Montana, March 9, 1886 - February 21, 1960) was American botanist and biochemist.	Harley Harris Bartlett	botanist
occupation	Cipe Pineles (June 23, 1908 -- January 3, 1991) was an Austrian-born graphic designer and art director who made her career in New York at such magazines as Seventeen, Charm and Mademoiselle.	Cipe Pineles	graphic designer
occupation	Joel Chandler Harris (December 9, 1848 -- July 3, 1908) was an American journalist, fiction writer, and folklorist best known for his collection of Uncle Remus stories.	Joel Chandler Harris	journalist	writer
occupation	Michael Maccoby is an American psychoanalyst and anthropologist globally recognized as an expert on leadership for his research, writing and projects to improve organizations and work.	Michael Maccoby	anthropologist
occupation	Aya El-Sayed (Arabic: آية السيد‎; born May 9, 1989) is an Egyptian épée fencer.	Aya El-Sayed	fencer
occupation	Emilie da Fonseca Muller, married surname Bratz was a Norwegian (originally Danish) stage actor and opera singer.	Emilie da Fonseca	actor	opera singer
occupation	Park Yong-ok (Hangul: 박용옥; hanja: 朴庸玉, born September 15, 1942) is a South Korean politician.	Park Yong-ok	politician
occupation	Boyd Marshall was an American actor of the stage and screen during the early decades of the 20th Century.	Boyd Marshall	actor
occupation	James C. Newman is an American engineer and materials scientist known for his work on fracture and fatigue for aerospace vehicles.	James C. Newman	engineer
occupation	Elsa Manora Nasution (born October 25, 1977) is an Indonesian former swimmer, who specialized in backstroke events.	Elsa Manora Nasution	swimmer
occupation	Dustin Hunter Renfroe (born January 28, 1992) is an American professional baseball player in minor league baseball for the San Diego Padres organization.	Hunter Renfroe	baseball player
occupation	Juan Isidro Jimenes Grullón (born in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic on June 17, 1903 -- August 10, 1983) was a Dominican essayist, historian, physician, philosopher, educator and politician.	Juan Isidro Jimenes Grullón	philosopher
occupation	Aaron Landes (November 1, 1929 -- April 19, 2014) was an American rabbi in the Conservative movement and a rear admiral in the United States Naval Reserve.	Aaron Landes	rabbi
occupation	Terry Van Akkeren (born March 10, 1954) is an American politician, engineering technician, and die and tool maker.	Terry Van Akkeren	politician
occupation	Eddie Little Sky (August 15, 1926 -- September 5, 1997), also known as Edward Little, was a Native American actor of the Oglala Lakota tribe.	Eddie Little Sky	actor
occupation	Ira Rush was an architect in the U.S. state of North Dakota.	Ira Rush	architect
occupation	Cassandra Nova is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, most commonly in association with the X-Men.	Cassandra Nova	supervillain
occupation	Frederick York (1823--1903) was an early photographer who established the business York & Son in Notting Hill, specialising in the manufacture of lantern slides.	Frederick York	photographer
occupation	Liautaud Ethéart (1826--1888) was a Haitian playwright and politician.	Liautaud Ethéart	politician
occupation	Yoke Peng Loh is an American biochemist and molecular biologist currently acting as Senior Investigator and Head at the Section on Cellular Neurobiology, Laboratory of Developmental Neurobiology, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD), National Institutes of Health (NIH).	Peng Loh	biochemist
occupation	Aratus (/əˈreɪtəs/; Ancient Greek: Ἄρᾱτος ὁ Σολεύς; ca. 315 BC/310 BC -- 240 BC) was a Greek didactic poet.	Aratus	poet
occupation	Einar Thorsteinn (1942--April 28, 2015) was an Icelandic architect with an interest in geometrical structures.	Einar Thorsteinn	architect
occupation	Claude Frank (born Claus Johannes Frank; December 24, 1925 -- December 27, 2014) was a German-born American pianist.	Claude Frank	pianist
occupation	Billy Todd (September 26, 1929 -- November 30, 2008) was the bass singer for the Florida Boys Quartet in the Southern Gospel music industry from the 1950s to 1972.	Billy Todd	singer
occupation	Jason Licht (/ˈlaɪt/; born February 13, 1971) is an American football executive who is the general manager of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL).	Jason Licht	general manager
occupation	Pedro Pietri (March 21, 1944 -- March 3, 2004) was a Nuyorican poet and playwright and a founder of the Nuyorican Movement.	Pedro Pietri	poet
occupation	Ignace Fougeron, also known as Ignatius Fougeron or J. Fougeron, was a British engraver active from 1750 to 1782.	Ignace Fougeron	engraver
occupation	Clem Smith (born 3 February 1996) is an Australian rules footballer who plays with Carlton in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Clem Smith	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Murray Gell-Mann (/ˈmʌri ˈɡɛl ˈmæn/; born September 15, 1929) is an American physicist who received the 1969 Nobel Prize in physics for his work on the theory of elementary particles.	Murray Gell-Mann	physicist
occupation	Colin Maitland (born 12 August 1942) is an English actor who has made several film and television appearances.	Colin Maitland	actor
occupation	Dr. Lloyd W. Bailey is a faithless elector, physician and ophthalmologist, now retired, from Rocky Mount, North Carolina, who achieved notoriety during the 1968 U.S. presidential election when he became the 145th faithless elector in the history of the United States Electoral College.	Lloyd W. Bailey	physician
occupation	Kal Parekh (Hindi: कल पारिख) is an Indian-American film and television actor best known for his starring role in the 2010 independent feature film, Karma Road and as Sanjeev, an Indian-American flight engineer in the ABC television series, Pan Am, set in the 1960s.	Kal Parekh	actor
occupation	Silvestro Palma sometimes De Palma or Da Palma (March 15, 1754 -- August 8, 1834) was an Italian composer, primarily of operas.	Silvestro Palma	composer
occupation	Guido of Siena, was an Italian painter, active during the 13th-century in Siena, and painting in a Byzantine style.	Guido of Siena	painter
occupation	Jalal Ahmad (Bengali: জালাল আহমদ) is a practicing Bangladeshi architect.	Jalal Ahmad	architect
occupation	Rachel Abrams (January 2, 1951 - June 7, 2013) was an American writer, editor, and artist.	Rachel Abrams	writer	artist
occupation	Charles V. Park (January 19, 1885 -- September 11, 1982) was a noted librarian.	Charles V. Park	librarian
occupation	Chad Troutwine (born May 23, 1968) is an American Independent film producer and Co-Founder and CEO of Veritas Prep.	Chad Troutwine	film producer
occupation	Cleo Baldon (June 1, 1927 -- October 12, 2014) was an American architect, landscape architect, and furniture designer based in Los Angeles, where she contributed to many well-known structures, especially pools.	Cleo Baldon	architect	landscape architect
occupation	Patu Ativalu Togi II is a Samoan politician and Member of Parliament.	Patu Ativalu	politician
occupation	Yuriy Oliynyk (Ukrainian: Юрій Олійник; born 1931) is a Ukrainian composer, concert pianist, and professor of music who lives and works in the USA.	Yuriy Oliynyk	composer
occupation	Vanlalzawma a politician from Mizoram who was a Member of the Mizoram (Lok Sabha constituency) in the 13th Lok Sabha and 14th Lok Sabha.	Vanlalzawma	politician
occupation	Frank J. Aquila is an American corporate lawyer.	Frank J. Aquila	lawyer
occupation	Jason Strange (born 8 October 1973 in Tredegar, Wales) is a former Welsh rugby union player and now coach.	Jason Strange	rugby union player
occupation	Flavius Anicius Probinus (fl 395-397) was a politician and aristocrat of the Roman Empire.	Anicius Probinus	politician
occupation	Jane Getz is an American jazz pianist and session musician.	Jane Getz	pianist
occupation	Fiddlin' Doc Roberts (April 26, 1897 - August 4, 1978) was an American Kentucky-style old-time fiddler.	Fiddlin' Doc Roberts	fiddler
occupation	Eleanor Burnham is a Welsh Liberal Democrat politician, and was a Member of the Welsh Assembly for the North Wales Regional Constituency until May 2011.	Eleanor Burnham	politician
occupation	Saleem Jones (born May 3, 1982), better known by his stage name Serius Jones, is an American rapper who is widely known for his freestyle battles.	Serius Jones	rapper
occupation	Rowland Brown (November 6, 1900 -- May 6, 1963), born Chauncey Rowland Brown in Canton, Ohio, was an American screenwriter and film director, whose career as a director ended in the early 1930s after he started many more films than he finished.	Rowland Brown	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Paul Desmond (born Paul Emil Breitenfeld; November 25, 1924 -- May 30, 1977) was an American jazz alto saxophonist and composer, best known for the work he did in the Dave Brubeck Quartet and for composing that group's greatest hit, ``Take Five''.	Paul Desmond	saxophonist	composer
occupation	Hugo Kuranda (born May 29, 1910, date of death unknown) was an Austrian skeleton racer who competed in the late 1940s.	Hugo Kuranda	skeleton racer
occupation	Bonino da Campione was an Italian sculptor in the Gothic style, active between 1350 and 1390.	Bonino da Campione	sculptor
occupation	Branford Marsalis (born August 26, 1960) is an American saxophonist, composer and bandleader.	Branford Marsalis	composer
occupation	Brad Morrow, born Bradley Steven Mora, credited during his childhood as Bradley Mora, (May 12, 1942 in Chicago -- November 7, 1997 in Northridge, Los Angeles) was a child actor who appeared on Broadway, in film and on television beginning at the age of two.	Brad Morrow	actor
occupation	Arthur G. Fisk (1868--1938), was a U.S. Republican politician and at age 35 was elected as Speaker of the California State Assembly.	Arthur G. Fisk	politician
occupation	Rudibert Kunz (born 1943) is a German investigator, journalist and television editor.	Rudibert Kunz	journalist
occupation	Vijay Raghavendra is an Indian actor who primarily works in Kannada films.	Vijay Raghavendra	actor
occupation	Doxi Jones is an American singer-songwriter and model signed to SRC/Universal Republic Records.	Doxi Jones	singer-songwriter
occupation	Saju Navodaya, often credited by his stage name Pashanam Shaji, is an Indian film actor mostly acted in comedy roles in Malayalam films.	Saju Navodaya	actor
occupation	Harry Ryle Hopps (1869 -- August 24, 1937, Los Angeles) was an American businessman and artist.	Harry Ryle Hopps	artist
occupation	Oliver Parker Fritchle (September 15, 1874 -- August 1951) was an American chemist, storage battery innovator, and entrepreneur with electric vehicle and wind power generation businesses during the early twentieth century.	Oliver Parker Fritchle	chemist
occupation	Brian Kahn is an American author, journalist, and public radio host.	Brian Kahn	journalist
occupation	John Tracy Kidder (born November 12, 1945) is an American writer of nonfiction books.	Tracy Kidder	writer
occupation	Laurie Fagan was a rugby league player for the Balmain Tigers from 1958 to 1966 and the Penrith Panthers between 1967 and 1970.	Laurie Fagan	rugby league player
occupation	Candy Barr (July 6, 1935 -- December 30, 2005) was an American stripper, burlesque dancer, actress, and adult model in men's magazines of the mid-20th century.	Candy Barr	stripper	model
occupation	Alex Wexo (born March 16 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American movie and television actor.	Alex Wexo	actor
occupation	Michał Śliwiński (Mykhaylo Slyvynsky Ukrainian: Михайло Сливинський; born February 5, 1970 in Dobrotvir, Ukraine) is a Soviet/Ukrainian/Polish sprint canoer, who has won six world championship titles over his long career.	Michał Śliwiński	canoer
occupation	Trevor Peres born July 25, 1969 is an American heavy metal musician best known as the guitarist, song writer and one of the founding members of the death metal band Obituary.	Trevor Peres	musician
occupation	Elio Marchetti (born August 17, 1974) is an Italian auto racing driver from Viterbo.	Elio Marchetti	racing driver
occupation	James Churchward (February 27, 1851 -- January 4, 1936) is best known as a British born occult writer.	James Churchward	writer
occupation	Bruce Vilanch (born November 23, 1948) is an American comedy writer, songwriter and actor.	Bruce Vilanch	writer	actor
occupation	Anthony Neely (born May 20, 1986) is an American Mandopop singer of mixed ethnicity.	Anthony Neely	singer
occupation	Menachem Genack is an Orthodox rabbi and the CEO of the Orthodox Union Kosher Division, a supervisory organization of kosher food.	Menachem Genack	rabbi
occupation	Lotti Golden (born November 27, 1949) is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, poet and artist.	Lotti Golden	singer-songwriter
occupation	Valeri Danilov (also spelled: Valeriy; Russian:Валерий Дмитриевич Данилов) is a Russian military historian and a retired officer (Colonel).	Valeri Danilov	historian
occupation	Victor Contamin (1840--1893) was a French structural engineer, an expert on the strength of materials such as iron and steel.	Victor Contamin	engineer
occupation	John Allen Wakefield (February 11, 1797 -- June 18, 1873) was an American historian, politician, soldier, physician, and lawyer.	John Allen Wakefield	politician
occupation	Jan Baptist Francken was supposed to be a painter from the Francken family and/or the son of Sebastian Vrancx, but is now considered to have been an error and to have never existed.	Jan Baptist Francken	painter
occupation	Hilary Simon is a British-born silk painter.	Hilary Simon	painter
occupation	Meeia Foo (simplified Chinese: 符琼音; traditional Chinese: 符瓊音; pinyin: Fú Qióng-Yīn), is a Taiwan-based Malaysian singer who rose to fame after participating in ``Super Idol'' (超級偶像), a Taiwanese singing competition.	Meeia Foo	singer
occupation	Dai Guohong (simplified Chinese: 戴国红; traditional Chinese: 戴國紅; pinyin: Dài Guóhóng; born September 3, 1977 in Liaoyang, Liaoning) is a retired Chinese swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events.	Dai Guohong	swimmer
occupation	Wayne Northrop (born April 12, 1947) is an American actor known for his parts in soap operas such as Dynasty and Days of Our Lives.	Wayne Northrop	actor
occupation	Kamryn Belle is a singer, songwriter and performer born in Suriname.	Kamryn Belle	singer
occupation	Harmen J. Bussemaker is an American biological physicist, professor at Columbia University, and Principal Investigator of the Harmen Bussemaker lab.	Harmen Bussemaker	physicist
parent taxon	The Persian ratsnake (Zamenis persicus) is a species of medium-sized nonvenomous ratsnake, which is endemic to Western Asia.	Persian ratsnake	Zamenis
parent taxon	Nannostomus harrisoni is a species of pencil fish.	Nannostomus harrisoni	pencil fish
parent taxon	Serendipaceratops was originally described as a member of the Neoceratopsia and one of the earliest known ceratopsian dinosaurs, and the only one known from the southern hemisphere, with the possible exception of the dubious South American genus Notoceratops, which also may be another kind of ornithischian dinosaur.	Serendipaceratops	Neoceratopsia
parent taxon	The Michoacan deer mouse (Osgoodomys banderanus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Michoacan deer mouse	Osgoodomys
parent taxon	Austrolfersia is a genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies, Hippoboscidae.	Austrolfersia	Hippoboscidae
parent taxon	Cycloceras was named by McCoy (1844 and assigned to the Michelinoceratida by Flower (1962)and to the Orthocerida by Sweet in Teichert et al. (1964); Cycloceras is possibly a member of the Cycloceratidae and may be synonymous with Perigrammoceras Foerste	Cycloceras	Orthocerida
parent taxon	Wolffiella is a genus of aquatic plants commonly called duckweeds in the Araceae family.	Wolffiella	Araceae
parent taxon	Dyschlorodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae from Madagascar.	Dyschlorodes	Geometridae
parent taxon	The Panamanian spiny pocket mouse (Liomys adspersus), also known as Peter's spiny pocket mouse, is a species of heteromyid rodent endemic to Panama.	Panamanian spiny pocket mouse	Liomys
parent taxon	Friginatica is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Naticidae, the moon shells.	Friginatica	Naticidae
parent taxon	Saruma is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Aristolochiaceae containing the single species Saruma henryi.	Saruma	Aristolochiaceae
parent taxon	The Atlantic stingray (Dasyatis sabina) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae, common along the Atlantic coast of North America from Chesapeake Bay to Mexico, including brackish and freshwater habitats.	Atlantic stingray	Dasyatis
parent taxon	Prochlorophyta lack red and blue phycobilin pigments and have stacked thylakoids, making them distinctly different from Cyanobacteria (or Cyanophyta), but some authors consider them as part of the Cyanobacteria, as the group Prochlorales.	Prochlorophyta	Cyanobacteria
parent taxon	The Tsingy tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus antsingy) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Tsingy tufted-tailed rat	Eliurus
parent taxon	Akera is a marine genus of sea hare in the family Akeridae, known from the late Callovian (Jurassic) to the recent periods.	Akera	Akeridae
parent taxon	Kelloggia is a plant genus in the bedstraw and madder family Rubiaceae.	Kelloggia	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Archepandemis is a genus of insects the tribe Archipini.	Archepandemis	Archipini
parent taxon	Suniana is a genus of butterflies in the family Hesperiidae, the skippers.	Suniana	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The Gambian mongoose (Mungos gambianus) is widely distributed in the moist savannahs of north-western Africa, from Gambia to Nigeria.	Gambian mongoose	Mungos
parent taxon	Linosta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family and only genus in the Linostinae subfamily.	Linosta	Crambidae
parent taxon	Knox Jones's pocket gopher (Geomys knoxjonesi) is a species of pocket gopher found in Texas and New Mexico.	Knox Jones's pocket gopher	Geomys
parent taxon	Aloeides, commonly called Coppers, is a genus of butterflies in the Lycaenidae family.	Aloeides	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Ochlodes is a Holarctic genus in the skipper butterfly family, Hesperiidae.	Ochlodes	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Lamasina is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies (family Lycaenidae); the validity of its name is subject to dispute.	Lamasina	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Dictyochloropsis is a genus of green algae of the order Microthamniales.	Dictyochloropsis	Microthamniales
parent taxon	The grouping identified by Balachowsky in 1954 as the subtribe Diaspidina, are now the tribe Diaspidini.	Diaspidina	Diaspidini
parent taxon	Prostomatea is a class of Ciliophora.	Prostomatea	Ciliophora
parent taxon	The Australian grayling (Prototroctes maraena) is a primarily freshwater fish found in coastal rivers in south-eastern mainland Australia and Tasmania.	Australian grayling	Prototroctes
parent taxon	The Tasmanian blenny (Parablennius tasmanianus) is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian ocean (Australia) to Southwest Pacific (New Zealand).	Tasmanian blenny	Parablennius
parent taxon	Sphaerolana is a genus of isopod crustaceans in the family Cirolanidae, all of which are endemic to Mexico.	Sphaerolana	Cirolanidae
parent taxon	Speothalpius grayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Speothalpius.	Speothalpius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Batak shrew (Crocidura batakorum) is a species of shrew from the Philippines.	Batak shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Pilostyles is a genus of flowering plants currently placed in the family Apodanthaceae.	Pilostyles	Apodanthaceae
parent taxon	The Chaconiaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales.	Chaconiaceae	Pucciniales
parent taxon	Tickell's thrush (Turdus unicolor) is a passerine bird in the thrush family Turdidae.	Tickell's thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	Neospirifer is an extinct genus of articulate brachiopod fossils belonging to the family Trigonotretidae.	Neospirifer	Trigonotretidae
parent taxon	Nesocerus is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae from the Malagasy region.	Nesocerus	Cicadellidae
parent taxon	Broad bean wilt virus 1 (BBWVI) is a plant pathogenic virus of the order Picornavirales, family Secoviridae, subfamily Comovirinae, genus Fabavirus.	Broad bean wilt virus 1	Fabavirus
parent taxon	that Gigantoraptor belonged to the Oviraptorosauria, a group named after Oviraptor, but compared to other known members, Gigantoraptor was much larger, approximately three times as long and 35 times more massive than the heaviest earlier discovered oviraptorosaurid Citipati.	Gigantoraptor	Oviraptorosauria
parent taxon	Tarabul's gerbil, Gerbillus tarabuli is distributed from Senegal and Mauritania to Libya and Chad.	Tarabul's gerbil	Gerbillus
parent taxon	Giant Peccary (Brazil) Pecari tajacu Linnaeus, 1758 --	Pecari	Peccary
parent taxon	Fomes is a genus of perennial woody fungi in the family Polyporaceae.	Fomes	Polyporaceae
parent taxon	The Andean condor (Vultur gryphus) is a South American bird in the New World vulture family Cathartidae and is the only member of the genus Vultur.	Andean condor	Vultur
parent taxon	Sigara is a genus of water boatmen in the family Corixidae.	Sigara	Corixidae
parent taxon	Hymenobia is a fungal genus in the division Ascomycota.	Hymenobia	Ascomycota
parent taxon	Marshosaurus is a genus of medium-sized carnivorous theropod dinosaur, belonging to the Megalosauroidea, from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation of Utah and perhaps Colorado.	Marshosaurus	Megalosauroidea
parent taxon	Carlephyton is a genus of three species in the family Araceae, all endemic to Madagascar.	Carlephyton	Araceae
parent taxon	Archaeocyon (``beginning dog'') is a small extinct genus of the Borophaginae within the family Canidae (terrestrial canine) which inhabited most of North America during the Whitneyan stage through Geringian stage of the Oligocene epoch 33.3--26.3 Ma Archaeocyon existed for approximately 7.3 million years.	Archaeocyon	Canidae
parent taxon	The Bolivian earthcreeper (Tarphonomus harterti) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Bolivian earthcreeper	Tarphonomus
parent taxon	Cteniopus is a genus of comb-clawed beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Alleculinae.	Cteniopus	Alleculinae
parent taxon	Oldfieldia is a plant genus under the family Picrodendraceae, the only of its subtribe (Paiveusinae).	Oldfieldia	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	Coopernookia is a plant genus of understory xerophytes and mesophytes in the Goodeniaceae family.	Coopernookia	Goodeniaceae
parent taxon	The Pallas's cat (Otocolobus manul), also called manul, is a small wild cat with a broad but fragmented distribution in the grasslands and montane steppes of Central Asia.	Pallas's cat	Otocolobus
parent taxon	Rentz's false shieldback (Aroegas rentzi) is a species of katydid that is endemic to South Africa, and can be found in Limpopo, Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and Eastern Cape provinces.	Rentz's false shieldback	Aroegas
parent taxon	The Arabian partridge (Alectoris melanocephala) is a species of bird in the family Phasianidae, native to the southern Arabian peninsula.	Arabian partridge	Alectoris
parent taxon	The Amerilini are a tribe of woolly bear moths (Arctiidae) in the subfamily Arctiinae.	Amerilini	Arctiinae
parent taxon	The Isarog forest frog (Platymantis isarog) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Isarog forest frog	Platymantis
parent taxon	Heller's pipistrelle (Neoromicia helios) is a species of vesper bat.	Heller's pipistrelle	Neoromicia
parent taxon	The European anchovy (Engraulis encrasicolus) is a forage fish somewhat related to the herring.	European anchovy	Engraulis
parent taxon	Eriophorum (cottongrass, cotton-grass or cottonsedge) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Cyperaceae, the sedge family.	Eriophorum	Cyperaceae
parent taxon	Gagrella is a large genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Gagrella	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	The Sakalava weaver (Ploceus sakalava) sometimes known as the Sakalava fody is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Sakalava weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	The Saint Helena shearwater (Puffinus pacificoides) is an extinct species of seabird in the petrel family.	Saint Helena shearwater	Puffinus
parent taxon	Gymnites is a genus of ammonoid cephalopod from the Middle Triassic belonging to the ceratitid family Gymnitidae.	Gymnites	Gymnitidae
parent taxon	Tzaganosuchus is an extinct genus of fossil crocodile from the Gobi Desert of southern/southeastern Mongolia.	Tzaganosuchus	crocodile
parent taxon	Knipowitschia panizzae, the Adriatic dwarf goby, is a species of goby native to the coasts of the Adriatic and Ionian Seas where it has been recorded in Italy, Slovenia and Croatia with records from Greece needing to be confirmed.	Adriatic dwarf goby	Knipowitschia
parent taxon	The Mamfe shrew (Crocidura virgata) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Mamfe shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Makira leaf warbler (Phylloscopus makirensis), also known as the San Cristobal leaf-warbler, is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.	Makira leaf warbler	leaf-warbler
parent taxon	The Japanese grosbeak (Eophona personata) is a finch native to East Asia.	Japanese grosbeak	Eophona
parent taxon	The Angolan brush-furred rat (Lophuromys angolensis) is a species of Brush-furred mouse found in Angola and the southwest of the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Angolan brush-furred rat	Lophuromys
parent taxon	Cryptotriton or Hidden Salamanders is a genus of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to Mexico, Honduras and Guatemala.	Cryptotriton	Plethodontidae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Aphanochaetaceae are a family of algae, specifically of the Chaetophorales.	Aphanochaetaceae	Chaetophorales
parent taxon	The Sulawesi myna (Basilornis celebensis) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Sulawesi myna	Basilornis
parent taxon	Acetonema is a genus of bacteria in the family Veillonellaceae.	Acetonema	Veillonellaceae
parent taxon	The Cachorrito de la Trinidad, also Charco Azul pupfish, (Cyprinodon inmemoriam) was a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Cachorrito de la Trinidad	Cyprinodon
parent taxon	The Rwandan shaggy rat (Dasymys rwandae) is a species of shaggy marsh rat endemic to north-western Rwanda, close to the Virunga Mountains.	Rwandan shaggy rat	Dasymys
parent taxon	The Cuban ribbontail catshark, Eridacnis barbouri, is a finback catshark of the family Proscylliidae, found off western central Atlantic Ocean at depths of between 430 and 613 m. It can grow up to a length of 34 cm. The Cuban ribbontail catshark is ovoviviparous.	Cuban ribbontail catshark	Eridacnis
parent taxon	Acystopteris is a genus of ferns in the family Cystopteridaceae.	Acystopteris	Cystopteridaceae
parent taxon	Trachysiphonella is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.	Trachysiphonella	Chloropidae
parent taxon	Cichlidogyrus is a genus of Monopisthocotylean Monogeneans, belonging in the family Dactylogyridae (or Ancyrocephalidae), according to the classification used.	Cichlidogyrus	Dactylogyridae	Ancyrocephalidae
parent taxon	Tribonanthes a genus of Australian plants in the Bloodwort family, Haemodoraceae.	Tribonanthes	Haemodoraceae
parent taxon	Liroceras is the type genus of the clydonautiliacean family, Liroceratidae, and is characterized by a rapidly expanding, subglobular, nautiliconic shell with a reniform whorl section, small umbilicus, essentially straight sutures, and a siphuncle with a variable but not marginal position.	Liroceras	Liroceratidae
parent taxon	The Acerentomidae are a family of hexapods in the order Protura.	Acerentomidae	Protura
parent taxon	The American smooth flounder (Pleuronectes putnami) is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	American smooth flounder	Pleuronectes
parent taxon	Brasilaxia costifera is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Brasilaxia.	Brasilaxia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Ricania is a genus of planthoppers belonging to the family Ricaniidae.	Ricania	Ricaniidae
parent taxon	The Guerreran climbing salamander (Bolitoglossa hermosa) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Guerreran climbing salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Ochetoceras is an ammonite genus, belonging to the Oppeliidae, that lived during the Late Jurassic from the early Oxfordian to the early Tithonian, and type for the subfamily Ochetoceratinae.	Ochetoceras	Ochetoceratinae
parent taxon	Dixonius is a genus of Asian geckos, commonly known as leaf-toed geckos.	Dixonius	geckos
parent taxon	The African golden oriole (Oriolus auratus) is a member of the oriole family of passerine birds which is a resident breeder in Africa south of the Sahara.	African golden oriole	Oriolus
parent taxon	Klausewitzia ritae is a species of South American darter (family Crenuchidae) found in the upper Amazon River basin at the Peruvian/Brazilian border.	Klausewitzia ritae	Crenuchidae
parent taxon	Poabromylus is a small extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Protoceratidae, endemic to North America from the Eocene epoch (Uintan to Chadronian stage) 46.2--33.9 Ma, existing for approximately 12.3 million years.	Poabromylus	Protoceratidae
parent taxon	Verticillium dry bubble, recently named Lecanicillium fungicola, is a mycoparasite that attacks white button mushrooms (Agaricus bisporus), among other hosts, during its generative period.	Verticillium dry bubble	Lecanicillium
parent taxon	Cotyperiboeum antennarium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cotyperiboeum.	Cotyperiboeum	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Sudachi (Citrus sudachi; Japanese: スダチ or 酢橘) is a small, round, green, Japanese citrus fruit that is a specialty of Tokushima Prefecture in Japan.	Sudachi	Citrus
parent taxon	Konzhukovia is an extinct genus of stereospondylomorph temnospondyl amphibian in the family Archegosauridae.	Konzhukovia	Archegosauridae
parent taxon	Limeum has traditionally been recognized as belonging to the Molluginaceae family, but is now treated as the sole genus in the family Limeaceae.	Limeum	Limeaceae
parent taxon	Hemiancistrus is a genus within the tribe Ancistrini of the subfamily Hypostominae.	Hemiancistrus	Ancistrini
parent taxon	White's thrush (Zoothera aurea) is a member of the thrush family, Turdidae.	White's thrush	Zoothera
parent taxon	Nerita is a genus of medium-sized to small sea snails with a gill and an operculum, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Nerita	Neritidae
parent taxon	Blyth's river frog, Blyth's frog, giant Asian river frog, or (ambiguously) giant frog, Limnonectes blythii, is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family found from Myanmar through western Thailand and the Malay Peninsula (Malaysia, Singapore) to Sumatra and Borneo (Indonesia).	Blyth's river frog	Limnonectes
parent taxon	The Stichopodidae are a family of sea cucumbers, part of the order Aspidochirotida.	Stichopodidae	Aspidochirotida
parent taxon	Xanthorrhoea (/zænθoʊˈriːə/) is a genus of about 30 species of flowering plants endemic to Australia and a member of family Xanthorrhoeaceae, being the only member of subfamily Xanthorrhoeoideae.	Xanthorrhoea	Xanthorrhoeoideae
parent taxon	The Sudeten ringlet (Erebia sudetica) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Sudeten ringlet	Erebia
parent taxon	The Super VC-10 hap (Placidochromis milomo) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi along the Malawian shores of the lake.	Super VC-10 hap	Placidochromis
parent taxon	The Barbary ground squirrel (Atlantoxerus getulus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Barbary ground squirrel	Atlantoxerus
parent taxon	Sesamum is a genus of approximately 20 species in the flowering plant family Pedaliaceae.	Sesamum	Pedaliaceae
parent taxon	Pseudomyrophis is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae.	Pseudomyrophis	Ophichthidae
parent taxon	Hileolaspis auratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Hileolaspis.	Hileolaspis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Lytoceratinae is a subfamily of ammonoid cephalopods that make up part of the family Lytoceratidae.	Lytoceratinae	Lytoceratidae
parent taxon	The Marico flycatcher or Mariqua flycatcher (Bradornis mariquensis) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Marico flycatcher	Bradornis
parent taxon	Scadoxus is placed in tribe Haemantheae within the subfamily Amaryllidoideae, a tribe reserved for genera with fruit in the form of berries (baccate fruit).	Scadoxus	Haemantheae
parent taxon	Vences' chameleon (Calumma vencesi) is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.	Vences' chameleon	Calumma
parent taxon	The European squid or common squid (Loligo vulgaris) is a large squid belonging to the family Loliginidae.	European squid	Loligo
parent taxon	The Omani owl (Strix butleri) is an owl of the Strix found in Oman.	Omani owl	Strix
parent taxon	The New Zealand sea lion (Phocarctos hookeri), also known as Hooker's sea lion, and whakahao in Māori, is a species of sea lion that primarily breeds on New Zealand's subantarctic Auckland and Campbell islands and to some extent around the coast of New Zealand's South and Stewart islands.	New Zealand sea lion	Phocarctos
parent taxon	Although Hungerbühler (2001) redescribed ``Z.'' arenaceus as not belonging to Phytosauria and referred it to Archosauria Incertae sedis, Dzik & Sulej (2007) noted that its holotype ``does not differ significantly from corresponding parts of the juvenile Krasiejów Paleorhinus, which is clearly a phytosaur''.	Paleorhinus	Phytosauria
parent taxon	The Munchique wood wren (Henicorhina negreti) is a member of the wren family (Troglodytidae), described as new to science in 2003.	Munchique wood wren	Henicorhina
parent taxon	The American gray flycatcher, or just gray flycatcher (Empidonax wrightii) as it is known in North America, is a small, insectivorous passerine in the tyrant flycatcher family.	American gray flycatcher	Empidonax
parent taxon	Malacomeles (false serviceberry) is a genus of flowering plants in the Rosaceae.	Malacomeles	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Rossjoycea glacialis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Rossjoycea.	Rossjoycea	Carabidae
parent taxon	Labidochromis flavigulis, the Chisumulu pearl, is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur in areas with rocky substrates around Likoma Island and Chisumulu Island.	Chisumulu pearl	Labidochromis
parent taxon	Townsend's chipmunk (Neotamias townsendii) is a species of rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae.	Townsend's chipmunk	Neotamias
parent taxon	The Tetrablemmidae are a spider family with 126 described species in 29 genera that occur throughout the world tropics.	Tetrablemmidae	spider
parent taxon	Like all Asteropyginae, Psychopyge has (in this case 5 pairs) prominent spines (or lappets) extending from the segments of the tailshield (or pygidium) in the area outside the axis (or pleural region).	Psychopyge	Asteropyginae
parent taxon	The Andean catfish (Astroblepus ubidiai) is a species of freshwater fish in the Astroblepidae family.	Andean catfish	Astroblepus
parent taxon	Heteromyias is a genus of bird in the Petroicidae, or Australasian robin, family.	Heteromyias	Petroicidae
parent taxon	Redigobius dewaali, the Checked goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean coast of Africa from Mozambique and South Africa.	Checked goby	Redigobius
parent taxon	Smilodontini is an extinct tribe within the Machairodontinae or ``saber-toothed cat'' subfamily of the Felidae.	Smilodontini	Machairodontinae
parent taxon	Grangerellidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the superfamily Orthalicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Grangerellidae	Orthalicoidea
parent taxon	It was originally assigned to the monotypic family Kourerpetidae, which has been alternatively spelled Kourerpetontidae.	Kourerpeton	Kourerpetidae
parent taxon	The Indian fringe-fingered lizard (Acanthodactylus cantoris) is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to India and Southeast Asia.	Indian fringe-fingered lizard	Acanthodactylus
parent taxon	Legousia (Venus' looking glass) is a genus of flowering plants in the Campanulaceae (bellflower) family.	Legousia	Campanulaceae
parent taxon	Thus, Sebecosuchia was no longer within Notosuchia and not considered to be a true clade, while Notosuchia was found to be a basal clade of Metasuchia.	Notosuchia	Metasuchia
parent taxon	Belliidae is a family of crabs of the order Decapoda.	Belliidae	Decapoda
parent taxon	Xymene is a genus of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Muricidae, the rock snails, found in New Zealand.	Xymene	Muricidae
parent taxon	Simon's spiny rat, Proechimys simonsi, is a spiny rat species from South America.	Simon's spiny rat	Proechimys
parent taxon	Lamproptera is a genus of butterflies in the family Papilionidae and the tribe Leptocircini.	Lamproptera	Papilionidae
parent taxon	The Chinese pangolin (Manis pentadactyla) is a pangolin found in northern India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Myanmar, northern Indochina, through most of Taiwan, and southern China (including the islands of Hainan).	Chinese pangolin	Manis
parent taxon	Macrolepiota is a genus of white spored, gilled mushrooms of the family Agaricaceae.	Macrolepiota	Agaricaceae
parent taxon	The San Cristobal shrew (Sorex stizodon) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	San Cristobal shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Turan's goby (Ponticola turani) is a Ponto-Caspian species of goby endemic to Turkey where it is only from the Aksu Deresi stream.	Turan's goby	Ponticola
parent taxon	Plagionotus astecus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Plagionotus.	Plagionotus astecus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Short-beaked garfish (Belone svetovidovi) is an uncommon species of needlefish in marine waters of the Eastern Atlantic ocean.	Short-beaked garfish	Belone
parent taxon	The Khapra beetle (Trogoderma granarium), also called cabinet beetle, which originated in South Asia, is one of the world's most destructive pests of grain products and seeds.	Khapra beetle	Trogoderma
parent taxon	The Amazon sheep frog or Bolivian sheep frog (Hamptophryne boliviana) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Amazon sheep frog	Hamptophryne
parent taxon	Polish cochineal (Porphyrophora polonica), also known as Polish carmine scales, is a scale insect formerly used to produce a crimson dye of the same name, colloquially known as ``Saint John's blood''.	Polish cochineal	Porphyrophora
parent taxon	Polycestella curta is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Polycestella.	Polycestella	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Sclerogibbidae are a small family of aculeate wasps in the superfamily Chrysidoidea.	Sclerogibbidae	Chrysidoidea
parent taxon	The Caspian lamprey, Caspiomyzon wagneri, is a species of lamprey native to the Caspian Sea, and a member of the Petromyzontidae family.	Caspian lamprey	Caspiomyzon
parent taxon	The Colorado chipmunk (Neotamias quadrivittatus) is a species of rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae.	Colorado chipmunk	Neotamias
parent taxon	Callidadelpha bogotana is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Callidadelpha.	Callidadelpha	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Somali sparrow (Passer castanopterus) is a member of the bird family Passeridae found in northern Somalia, Djibouti, Ethiopia and Kenya.	Somali sparrow	Passer
parent taxon	Xenomelanophila miranda is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Xenomelanophila.	Xenomelanophila	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) classifies Aphanipathes as being a genus of the family Aphanipathidae while the Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS) classifies it as a genus of the family Antipathidae.	Aphanipathes	Antipathidae
parent taxon	Percodermus niger is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Percodermus.	Percodermus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Lenomyrmex is a Neotropical genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Lenomyrmex	Myrmicinae
parent taxon	The Serra do Mar tyrant-manakin (Neopelma chrysolophum), or Serra do Mar neopelma or the Serra tyrant-manakin, is a species of bird in the Pipridae, or manakin family.	Serra do Mar tyrant-manakin	Neopelma
parent taxon	Calligonum is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with about 80 species across the Mediterranean Sea region, Asia and North America.	Calligonum	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	The Palawan fruit bat (Acerodon leucotis), also known as the Palawan flying fox, is a species of megabat found in forests of Palawan, Balabac and Busuanga in the Philippines.	Palawan fruit bat	Acerodon
parent taxon	Leucopogon is a genus of about 150-160 species of shrubby flowering plants belonging to the family Ericaceae, in the section of that family formerly treated as the separate family Epacridaceae.	Leucopogon	Ericaceae
parent taxon	The Australian plague locust (Chortoicetes terminifera) is a native Australian insect in the family Acrididae and a significant agricultural pest.	Australian plague locust	Chortoicetes
parent taxon	Tasmalira is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiidae, the cerithids.	Tasmalira	Cerithiidae
parent taxon	Carnotaurinae is a subfamily of the theropod dinosaur family Abelisauridae.	Carnotaurinae	Abelisauridae
parent taxon	Shansirhinus is an extinct genus of rhinoceros endemic to Eurasia during the Miocene through Pliocene.	Shansirhinus	rhinoceros
parent taxon	With over 850 species, the genus Nomada is one of the largest genera in the family Apidae, and the largest genus of cleptoparasitic ``cuckoo bees''.	Nomada	Apidae
parent taxon	The Lake Turkana barb (Barbus turkanae) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Lake Turkana barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Composita is included in the family Athyrididae (Order Athyridida) and placed in the subfamily Spirigerellinae.	Composita	Athyrididae
parent taxon	The Réunion kestrel (Falco duboisi) is an extinct bird of prey which belongs to the falcon family.	Réunion kestrel	Falco
parent taxon	Dinoponera is a strictly South American genus of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae, commonly called tocandiras or giant Amazonian ants.	Dinoponera	Ponerinae
parent taxon	Aphanipathidae is a family of corals in the order Antipatharia.	Aphanipathidae	Antipatharia
parent taxon	Halieutichthys is a fish genus in the family Ogcocephalidae.	Halieutichthys	Ogcocephalidae
parent taxon	Koch's giant day gecko (Phelsuma madagascariensis kochi Mertens, 1954) is a diurnal subspecies of gecko.	Koch's giant day gecko	Phelsuma madagascariensis
parent taxon	The Jelski's black tyrant (Knipolegus signatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Jelski's black tyrant	Knipolegus
parent taxon	Dissacus is a genus of extinct carnivorous jackal to coyote-sized mammals within the family Mesonychidae whose fossils are found in Paleocene to Early Eocene aged strata in France, Asia and southwest North America, 66--50.3 mya, existing for approximately 15.7 million years.	Dissacus	Mesonychidae
parent taxon	The Indonesian angelshark (Squatina legnota) is a rare species of angel shark, family Squatinidae, known only from a few specimens collected from fish landing sites in southern Indonesia.	Indonesian angelshark	Squatina
parent taxon	Gunther's robber frog, Günther's robber frog, or Guerreran robber frog (Craugastor omiltemanus, in Spanish rana-ladrona de Omilteme) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Gunther's robber frog	Craugastor
parent taxon	Grey-mantled wren (Odontorchilus branickii) Tooth-billed wren (Odontorchilus cinereus)	Odontorchilus	wren
parent taxon	Neophrontops is an extinct genus of Accipitridae from the Pleistocene.	Neophrontops	Accipitridae
parent taxon	Stilbocarpa is a genus of flowering plant most often placed in the family Araliaceae; it might be closer to the Apiaceae however.	Stilbocarpa	Araliaceae
parent taxon	The David's tiger (Parantica davidi) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	David's tiger	Parantica
parent taxon	The Iberian painted frog (Discoglossus galganoi, in Spanish sapillo pintojo ibérico) is a species of frog in the family Alytidae (formerly Discoglossidae).	Iberian painted frog	Discoglossus
parent taxon	The Greater lizardfish (Saurida tumbil) is a species of Lizardfish that lives mainly off the coast of Oman.	Greater lizardfish	Saurida
parent taxon	The Cape Fear shiner (Notropis mekistocholas) is a North American species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Cape Fear shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	Tetrastigma is a genus of plants in the grape family, Vitaceae.	Tetrastigma	Vitaceae
parent taxon	The Sahara frog (Pelophylax saharicus) is a species of frog in the family Ranidae.	Sahara frog	Pelophylax
parent taxon	Plagiolepidini are an ant tribe from the subfamily Formicinae.	Plagiolepidini	Formicinae
parent taxon	Mocinnodaphne is a neotropical genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Lauraceae.	Mocinnodaphne	Lauraceae
parent taxon	Fumaria parviflora is a species of flowering plant known by the common names fineleaf fumitory, fine-leaved fumitory and Indian fumitory.	Fumaria parviflora	fumitory
parent taxon	Hydrophilinae is the largest subfamily of Hydrophilidae that contains 1852 species in 61 genera and 8 tribes.	Hydrophilinae	Hydrophilidae
parent taxon	Thalattosaurus (pron.:``tha-la-to-SORE-us'') meaning ``ocean lizard'' is an extinct genus of marine reptile in the family Thalattosauridae.	Thalattosaurus	Thalattosauridae
parent taxon	Enantia is a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Dismorphiinae.	Enantia	Dismorphiinae
parent taxon	Agathosma is a genus of about 140 species of flowering plants in the family Rutaceae, native to the southern part of Africa.	Agathosma	Rutaceae
parent taxon	Walleria is a genus of plants in the Tecophilaeaceae, first described as a genus in 1864.	Walleria	Tecophilaeaceae
parent taxon	The Gulf toadfish (Opsanus beta) is a species of toadfish found in the Gulf of Mexico.	Gulf toadfish	Opsanus
parent taxon	Urocoptoidea is a superfamily of land snails, gastropods in the informal group Sigmurethra.	Urocoptoidea	Sigmurethra
parent taxon	Deigloria is a genus of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.	Deigloria	Marasmiaceae
parent taxon	The Seychelles sucker-tailed gecko (Urocotyledon inexpectata) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.	Seychelles sucker-tailed gecko	Urocotyledon
parent taxon	Catoxantha is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, ranging from northeast India through Southeast Asia.	Catoxantha	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Phellinus ellipsoideus (formerly Fomitiporia ellipsoidea) is a species of polypore fungus in the family Hymenochaetaceae, a specimen of which produced the largest fungal fruit body ever recorded.	Phellinus ellipsoideus	Fomitiporia
parent taxon	Tylecodon is a genus of succulent plants in the family Crassulaceae.	Tylecodon	Crassulaceae
parent taxon	The Japanese black salamander (Hynobius nigrescens) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Japan.	Japanese black salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	Agasyllis caucasica is a species of flowering plants of the Apiaceae family and the only species of genus Agasyllis.	Agasyllis	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Phytomia is a genus of at least 15 species of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera found in tropical Africa and Asia.	Phytomia	Syrphidae
parent taxon	The Niue night heron (Nycticorax kalavikai) is an extinct night heron species that was endemic to the island of Niue in West Polynesia.	Niue night heron	Nycticorax
parent taxon	The Symphytognathidae are a spider family with 44 described species in six genera.	Symphytognathidae	spider
parent taxon	Alecton discoidalis is a species of firefly in the beetle family Lampyridae, commonly known as the Cuban endemic firefly.	Alecton discoidalis	Lampyridae
parent taxon	Indocephalites is a true ammonite (order Ammonitida) and a possible subgenus of Macrocephalites, belonging to the stephanoceratacean family, Macrocephalitidae.	Indocephalites	Macrocephalitidae
parent taxon	Megaschizomus is a genus of Schizomida in the family Hubbardiidae, and the only genus in the subfamily Megaschizominae.	Megaschizomus	Hubbardiidae
parent taxon	Cantor's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros galeritus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Cantor's roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	The Cumberland darter (Etheostoma susanae) is a rare species of fish in the perch family endemic to Kentucky and Tennessee in the United States, where it occurs in the upper Cumberland River tributaries above Cumberland Falls.	Cumberland darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	The Scarlet Eggplant is a fruiting plant of the genus Solanum, related to the tomato and eggplant.	Scarlet Eggplant	Solanum
parent taxon	Trinorfolkia clarkei, known commonly as the Clarke's triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Trinorfolkia.	Clarke's triplefin	Trinorfolkia
parent taxon	Cetonia is a genus of beetles (Coleoptera) in family Scarabaeidae.	Cetonia	Scarabaeidae
parent taxon	Tetracha is a genus of beetles belonging to the Carabidae family.	Tetracha	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Loango weaver (Ploceus subpersonatus) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Loango weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	The Grauer's swamp warbler (Bradypterus graueri) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.	Grauer's swamp warbler	Bradypterus
parent taxon	Ionopsidium is a genus of the botanical family Brassicaceae, endemic to the western Mediterranean region.	Ionopsidium	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Monomasticaceae are a family of green algae, specifically of the Prasinophyceae (prasinophytes).	Monomasticaceae	Prasinophyceae
parent taxon	Urotrygonidae is a family of rays in the order Myliobatiformes, commonly referred to as the American round stingrays or round rays.	Urotrygonidae	Myliobatiformes
parent taxon	The Chinese sleeper (Perccottus glenii), also known as the Amur sleeper, is a species of freshwater sleeper native to Amur River basin in eastern Asia with introduced populations in other regions of Eurasia.	Chinese sleeper	Perccottus
parent taxon	Cephaloscyllium is a genus of catsharks, and part of the family Scyliorhinidae, commonly known as swellsharks because of their ability to inflate their bodies with water or air as a defense against predators.	Cephaloscyllium	Scyliorhinidae
parent taxon	The Georgefischeriales are an order of smut fungi in the class Exobasidiomycetes.	Georgefischeriales	Exobasidiomycetes
parent taxon	Hydrophilini is a tribe in the subfamily Hydrophilinae of aquatic beetles that contains 198 species in 8 genera.	Hydrophilini	Hydrophilinae
parent taxon	Grias is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lecythidaceae, described by Linnaeus in 1759.	Grias	Lecythidaceae
parent taxon	N. gertraudae is classified in the family Pseudothelphusidae, and is the only species in the genus Neoepilobocera.	Neoepilobocera	Pseudothelphusidae
parent taxon	Eisentraut's mouse shrew (Myosorex eisentrauti) is a Myosoricinae shrew found only on the island of Bioko, Equatorial Guinea.	Eisentraut's mouse shrew	Myosorex
parent taxon	Cometochus guadeloupensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cometochus.	Cometochus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Hacrochlamys is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Hacrochlamys	Euconulidae
parent taxon	The Rose's ghost frog or Table Mountain ghost frog (Heleophryne rosei) is a species of frog in the Heleophrynidae family endemic to South Africa.	Rose's ghost frog	Heleophryne
parent taxon	African tetras (family Alestidae, formerly spelled Alestiidae) are a group of Characiformes fish exclusively found in Africa.	Alestidae	Characiformes
parent taxon	Solanoideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Solanaceae, and is sister to the subfamily Nicotianoideae.	Solanoideae	Solanaceae
parent taxon	Cyphotrechodes gibbipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Cyphotrechodes.	Cyphotrechodes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Exallancyla tuberculicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Exallancyla.	Exallancyla	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Opatrini is a tribe of darkling beetles (Tenebrionidae) in the subfamily Tenebrioninae.	Opatrini	Tenebrioninae
parent taxon	Pamirioceras is an extinct genus of ammonite in the monotypic Adrianitidae subfamily Pamiritellinae.	Pamirioceras	Pamiritellinae
parent taxon	Psalidocyon is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Hemingfordian stage of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene subepoch 20.6--13.6 Ma, existing for about 7 mya..	Psalidocyon	Borophaginae
parent taxon	Pinidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article ``A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III.'' This subclass comprises the conifers.	Pinidae	Equisetopsida
parent taxon	Carasobarbus is a small genus of ray-finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae.	Carasobarbus	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	The Russulaceae are a diverse family of fungi in the order Russulales, with roughly 1,900 known species and a worldwide distribution.	Russulaceae	Russulales
parent taxon	Spotscale barb (Barbus holotaenia) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Spotscale barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Luidia is a genus of starfish in the family Luidiidae (Sladen, 1889) in which it is the only genus.	Luidia	Luidiidae
parent taxon	Rapaninae is a subfamily of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae.	Rapaninae	Muricidae
parent taxon	Desmos is a genus of trees and shrubs in the plant family Annonaceae.	Desmos	Annonaceae
parent taxon	The Papuan white-eye (Zosterops novaeguineae) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Papuan white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Nelson's sparrow (Ammodramus nelsoni) is a small American sparrow.	Nelson's sparrow	Ammodramus
parent taxon	The Chinese box turtle (simplified Chinese: 食蛇龟; traditional Chinese: 食蛇龜; pinyin: shìshéguī; literally: ``Snake-eating turtle''), also known as the Yellow-margined box turtle, or Golden-headed turtle, is a species of Asian box turtle.	Chinese box turtle	Asian box turtle
parent taxon	The Dusky snake eel (Ophichthus cylindroideus, also known as the Tentacle-nose eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Dusky snake eel	Ophichthus
parent taxon	Hymenochirus boettgeri, also known as Congo dwarf clawed frog or African dwarf frog, is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in central Africa.	Hymenochirus boettgeri	African dwarf frog
parent taxon	Carmenia bunifrons is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Carmenia	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Glyptophysa is a genus of small sinistral (left-handed) air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae.	Glyptophysa	Planorbidae
parent taxon	Arcangeliella is a genus of gasteroid fungi in the Russulaceae family.	Arcangeliella	Russulaceae
parent taxon	Cyrtoneritimorpha is a clade of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks within the clade Neritimorpha.	Cyrtoneritimorpha	Neritimorpha
parent taxon	The Arizona pocket mouse (Perognathus amplus) is a rodent native to the Sonoran desert.	Arizona pocket mouse	Perognathus
parent taxon	The Pennsylvania wood cockroach (Parcoblatta pensylvanica) or Pennsylvanian cockroach is a common species of cockroach in eastern and central North America.	Pennsylvania wood cockroach	Parcoblatta
parent taxon	The Korean water toad, Bufo stejnegeri, also sometimes known as the Korean toad or water toad, is a species of toad found in East Asia.	Korean water toad	Bufo
parent taxon	Rictaxis is a genus of minute sea snails or ``bubble snails'', marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Acteonidae, the ``barrel bubble'' snails.	Rictaxis	Acteonidae
parent taxon	Protodinychidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata, containing the single genus Protodinychus.	Protodinychus	Protodinychidae
parent taxon	The Nigeria-Cameroon chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes ellioti) is a subspecies of the common chimpanzee which inhabits the rainforests along the border of Nigeria and Cameroon.	Nigeria-Cameroon chimpanzee	Pan troglodytes
parent taxon	Chalicodoma is a subgenus of the bee genus Megachile in family Megachilidae.	Chalicodoma	Megachilidae
parent taxon	The Mlanje Mountain chameleon, Nadzikambia mlanjensis, is one of two species in the genus Nadzikambia (derived from the species' name in Chichewa).	Mlanje Mountain chameleon	Nadzikambia
parent taxon	Kakamodes occipitalis is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae, the only species in the genus Kakamodes.	Kakamodes	Monotomidae
parent taxon	Bulmer's tree frog (Litoria bulmeri) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	Bulmer's tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	The Ascension wrasse (Thalassoma ascensionis) is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean, where it is known from St. Helena, Ascension Island, and São Tomé.	Ascension wrasse	Thalassoma
parent taxon	Mycocepurus is a Neotropical genus of fungus-growing ants (tribe Attini) in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Mycocepurus	Attini
parent taxon	Cossinia is a genus of four species known to science, of rainforest trees, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Cossinia	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	Leschenault's leaf-toed gecko (Hemidactylus leschenaultii ) is a species of gecko found in South Asia and parts of West Asia.	Leschenault's leaf-toed gecko	Hemidactylus
parent taxon	Fissipedia is a former biological suborder comprising the largely land-based families of the order Carnivora.	Fissipedia	Carnivora
parent taxon	Orissula heterospinulata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Orissula	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Burmeisterella is a trilobite in the order Phacopida.	Burmeisterella	Phacopida
parent taxon	Webbhelix is a genus of North American land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae.	Webbhelix	Polygyridae
parent taxon	Kerivoula is a genus of vesper bats in the subfamily Kerivoulinae.	Kerivoula	Kerivoulinae
parent taxon	Precious coral or red coral is the common name given to Corallium rubrum and several related species of marine coral.	Precious coral	Corallium
parent taxon	Biophytum is a genus of about 50 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants in the family Oxalidaceae.	Biophytum	Oxalidaceae
parent taxon	Adelphoceras is included in the nautilid family Rutoceratidae, and is also a part of the Tainocerataceae.	Adelphoceras	Rutoceratidae
parent taxon	Dent's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus denti) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Dent's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	The Monterrey platyfish (Xiphophorus couchianus) is a species of freshwater fish in family Poecilidae of order Cyprinodontiformes.	Monterrey platyfish	Xiphophorus
parent taxon	Silpholestes lends its name to Silpholestidae, a family that traditionally encompassed many small therocephalians.	Silpholestes	Silpholestidae
parent taxon	Migadopidius bimaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Migadopidius.	Migadopidius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Cystoidea or cystoids, is a class of extinct echinoderms in the sub-phyla Blastozoa, that lived attached to the sea floor by stalks.	Cystoidea	Blastozoa
parent taxon	Jerdon's bush lark (Mirafra affinis) is a lark of the open countryside found in southern India and Sri Lanka.	Jerdon's bush lark	Mirafra
parent taxon	Pegia is a genus of plants in the subfamily Spondiadoideae of the cashew and sumac family Anacardiaceae.	Pegia	Anacardiaceae
parent taxon	The Vanderhaege's toad-headed turtle (Mesoclemmys vanderhaegei) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.	Vanderhaege's toad-headed turtle	Mesoclemmys
parent taxon	Cobb's wren (Troglodytes cobbi) is a fairly small (12-13.5 cm) wren which is endemic to the Falkland Islands.	Cobb's wren	Troglodytes
parent taxon	The Malabar large-spotted civet (Viverra civettina), also known as the Malabar civet, is a viverrid endemic to the Western Ghats of India.	Malabar large-spotted civet	Viverra
parent taxon	The Kanaima tree frog, Myersiohyla kanaima, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Guyana and possibly Brazil and Venezuela.	Kanaima tree frog	Myersiohyla
parent taxon	Oobius is a parasitic non-stinging wasp genus in the family Encyrtidae.	Oobius	Encyrtidae
parent taxon	Elephant garlic (Allium ampeloprasum var. ampeloprasum) is a perennial plant belonging to the onion genus.	Elephant garlic	Allium ampeloprasum
parent taxon	Sometimes placed in a family of their own, the Eucryphiaceae, more recent classifications place them in the Cunoniaceae.	Eucryphia	Cunoniaceae
parent taxon	Silhouettea sibayi, the Barebreast goby or the Sibayi goby, is a species of goby endemic to South Africa where it is known from lakes Sibhayi and St. Lucia and Kosi Bay.	Sibayi goby	Silhouettea
parent taxon	Entheus is a Neotropical genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae (Eudaminae).	Entheus	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Megadytes is a mainly Neotropical genus of large diving beetles in family Dytiscidae.	Megadytes	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	The Marcgraviaceae are a neotropical angiosperm family in the order Ericales.	Marcgraviaceae	Ericales
parent taxon	The Bokermann's casque-headed frog (Aparasphenodon bokermanni) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Bokermann's casque-headed frog	Aparasphenodon
parent taxon	The Sira curassow (Pauxi koepckeae) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family.	Sira curassow	Pauxi
parent taxon	The African long-fingered bat (Miniopterus africanus) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	African long-fingered bat	Miniopterus
parent taxon	Marquesas swamphen (Porphyrio paepae) is a presumably extinct species of swamphen from the Marquesas Islands Hiva Oa and Tahuata.	Marquesas swamphen	Porphyrio
parent taxon	The Don gudgeon (Gobio brevicirris) is a species of gudgeon, a small freshwater in the Cyprinidae family.	Don gudgeon	Gobio
parent taxon	The Angolan marsh rat (Dasymys nudipes) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Angolan marsh rat	Dasymys
parent taxon	Epiprocta is one of the two extant suborders of the Odonata (the order to which dragonflies and damselflies belong).	Epiprocta	Odonata
parent taxon	Tapirus copei, commonly known as Cope's Tapir, is an extinct species of tapir that inhabited North America during the Quaternary Period.	Tapirus copei	tapir
parent taxon	The Azraq toothcarp (Aphanius sirhani) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Azraq toothcarp	Aphanius
parent taxon	Cynodonteae is a large tribe of grasses in the subfamily Chloridoideae, with over 800 species.	Cynodonteae	Chloridoideae
parent taxon	Ciclospermum (also, Cyclospermum) is a small genus of plants in the family Apiaceae.	Ciclospermum	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Lecanicillium is a genus of fungi in the order Hypocreales and is described as anamorphic Cordycipitaceae; 21 species are currently described.	Lecanicillium	Cordycipitaceae
parent taxon	The Portuguese dogfish or Portuguese shark (Centroscymnus coelolepis) is a species of sleeper shark of the family Somniosidae.	Portuguese dogfish	Centroscymnus
parent taxon	Leiomelus is a genus of king crickets in the family Anostostomatidae, endemic to Chile.	Leiomelus	Anostostomatidae
parent taxon	The Bernier's vanga (Oriolia bernieri) is a bird species in the family Vangidae.	Bernier's vanga	Oriolia
parent taxon	Chaudoirella reichardti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Chaudoirella.	Chaudoirella	Carabidae
parent taxon	Luffa is a genus of tropical and subtropical vines in the cucumber (Cucurbitaceae) family.	Luffa	Cucurbitaceae
parent taxon	Shortridge's multimammate mouse (Mastomys shortridgei) is a rodent species in the family Muridae.	Shortridge's multimammate mouse	Mastomys
parent taxon	The Sichuan tit (Poecile weigoldicus) is a species of bird in the tit family Paridae.	Sichuan tit	Poecile
parent taxon	Dinopanorpa is an extinct monotypic genus of scorpionfly that contains the single species Dinopanorpa megarche and is the type genus of the extinct family Dinopanorpidae.	Dinopanorpa	Dinopanorpidae
parent taxon	Amphiodia is a genus of brittle stars belonging to the family Amphiuridae.	Amphiodia	Amphiuridae
parent taxon	Ceuthostoma is a genus of two species of trees, constituting part of the plant family Casuarinaceae.	Ceuthostoma	Casuarinaceae
parent taxon	Dendrobieae is a tribe in the subfamily Epidendroideae, in the family Orchidaceae.	Dendrobieae	Epidendroideae
parent taxon	Stierling's wren-warbler (Calamonastes stierlingi), is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family found in southern Africa.	Stierling's wren-warbler	Calamonastes
parent taxon	Ithonidae, commonly called moth lacewings and giant lacewings, is a small family of winged insects of the insect order Neuroptera.	Ithonidae	Neuroptera
parent taxon	The Pikumche pericote (Loxodontomys pikumche) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Pikumche pericote	Loxodontomys
parent taxon	The Mexican cascades frog or white-striped frog, Rana pustulosa, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Mexico, where it is known as rana de cascada.	Mexican cascades frog	Rana
parent taxon	Anoualerpeton is an extinct genus of lissamphibian in the family Albanerpetontidae.	Anoualerpeton	Albanerpetontidae
parent taxon	The Lompobattang flycatcher (Ficedula bonthaina), also spelt Lompobatang flycatcher, is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Lompobattang flycatcher	Ficedula
parent taxon	The Peruvian martin (Progne murphyi) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae.	Peruvian martin	Progne
parent taxon	The Palawan hornbill (Anthracoceros marchei), known as Talusi in the Filipino language, is a smallish (approximately 70 centimetres (28 in) long) forest-dwelling bird.	Palawan hornbill	Anthracoceros
parent taxon	The mountain goat (Oreamnos americanus), also known as the Rocky Mountain goat, is a large hoofed mammal endemic to North America.	Mountain goat	Oreamnos
parent taxon	Keteleeria is a genus of three species of coniferous trees in the family Pinaceae first described as a genus in 1866.	Keteleeria	Pinaceae
parent taxon	Jentink's squirrel (Sundasciurus jentinki) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Jentink's squirrel	Sundasciurus
parent taxon	The Guangxi warty newt (Paramesotriton guanxiensis) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family.	Guangxi warty newt	Paramesotriton
parent taxon	Common dentex (Dentex dentex) is a species of Sparidae fish.	Common dentex	Dentex
parent taxon	The Hawaiian cleaner wrasse (Labroides phthirophagus) is a species of wrasse (genus Labroides) found in the waters surrounding the Hawaiian Islands.	Hawaiian cleaner wrasse	Labroides
parent taxon	The Glass's shrew (Crocidura glassi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Glass's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Panay cloudrunner (Crateromys heaneyi) is the second-largest cloud rat, a squirrel-like rodent that is found on the island of Panay in the Philippines.	Panay cloudrunner	Crateromys
parent taxon	Bigeye chub (Hybopsis amblops) is a species of freshwater fish in the carp family (Cyprinidae).	Bigeye chub	Hybopsis
parent taxon	Argythamnia is a genus of plants of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1756.	Argythamnia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	It is the only species in the genus Aulorhynchus which is the only genus currently recognized in the family Aulorhynchidae.	Aulorhynchus	Aulorhynchidae
parent taxon	Eriocottidae or Old World spiny-winged moths is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order whose position relative to other members of the superfamily Tineoidea is currently unknown.	Eriocottidae	Lepidoptera
parent taxon	Mitredon is an extinct genus of cynodont which existed in Greenland during the upper Triassic period.	Mitredon	cynodont
parent taxon	Palpifer is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae.	Palpifer	Hepialidae
parent taxon	Burmeisteria is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Homalonotidae) that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now South Africa.	Burmeisteria	Homalonotidae
parent taxon	Plagigeyeria is a genus of very small or minute freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Plagigeyeria	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Parathyreinae is a subfamily of fossil beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following genera and species:	Parathyreinae	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Ryukyu robin (Erithacus komadori) is a bird endemic to the Ryūkyū Islands, of Japan.	Ryukyu robin	Erithacus
parent taxon	Tremblay's salamander (Ambystoma tremblayi) is a member of the family Ambystomidae from the United States of America and Canada.	Tremblay's salamander	Ambystoma
parent taxon	Scutellinia is a genus of cup-fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.	Scutellinia	Pyronemataceae
parent taxon	The New Zealand sole or common sole, Peltorhamphus novaezeelandiae, is a righteye flounder of the genus Peltorhamphus, found around New Zealand in shallow enclosed waters less than 100 m in depth.	New Zealand sole	Peltorhamphus
parent taxon	The Pucciniomycetes (formerly known as the Urediniomycetes) are a class of fungi in the Pucciniomycotina subdivision of the Basidiomycota.	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniomycotina
parent taxon	Miocnus is an extinct genus of giant ground sloths of the family Megalonychidae endemic to Cuba during the Pleistocene epoch through very early Pliocene epoch, living from 1.8 Mya--11,000 years ago, existing for approximately 1.5 million years.	Miocnus	Megalonychidae
parent taxon	The Kozlov's accentor or Mongolian accentor (Prunella koslowi) is a species of bird in the Prunellidae family.	Kozlov's accentor	Prunella
parent taxon	Lacronia is a genus of Pachylinae (Arachnida, Opiliones, Gonyleptidae), which includes four Brazilian species.	Lacronia	Gonyleptidae
parent taxon	Ilyodes (junior synonym: Helenodora) is an extinct genus of Onychophoran known from the Carboniferous period.	Ilyodes	Helenodora
parent taxon	Orycteropodidae is recognized as the only family within the order Tubulidentata, so the two are effectively synonyms.	Orycteropodidae	Tubulidentata
parent taxon	Alleculinae is a subfamily of comb-clawed beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae.	Alleculinae	Tenebrionidae
parent taxon	Lates microlepis, the Forktail lates, is a species of lates perch endemic to Lake Tanganyika.	Forktail lates	Lates
parent taxon	The Cryptic anglerfish (Histiophryne cryptacanthus) is a frogfish found in waters ranging from Taiwan to South Australia.	Cryptic anglerfish	Histiophryne
parent taxon	The Solomons monarch (Symposiachrus barbatus), also known as the black-and-white monarch, is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Solomons monarch	Symposiachrus
parent taxon	Horornis is a genus of small insectivorous songbirds (``warblers'') which make up the core of the newly recognized family Cettiidae.	Horornis	Cettiidae
parent taxon	The Guanujo stubfoot toad (Atelopus guanujo), known in Spanish as puca sapo, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Ecuador.	Guanujo stubfoot toad	Atelopus
parent taxon	The Japanese cormorant (Phalacrocorax capillatus), also known as Temminck's cormorant, is a cormorant native to East Asia.	Japanese cormorant	Phalacrocorax
parent taxon	The Ascension crake (Mundia elpenor) is an extinct flightless bird that previously lived on Ascension Island in the South Atlantic Ocean.	Ascension crake	Mundia
parent taxon	Assadecma madagascariensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Assadecma.	Assadecma	Carabidae
parent taxon	The genus Caliroa is a group of sawflies in the family Tenthredinidae.	Caliroa	Tenthredinidae
parent taxon	Ommatotriton or Banded Newts is a genus of salamander in the Salamandridae family.	Ommatotriton	Salamandridae
parent taxon	The Stephanidae, sometimes called crown wasps, are a family of parasitoid wasps placed in the superfamily Stephanoidea, which has at least 345 living species in 11 genera.	Stephanidae	Stephanoidea
parent taxon	Achatina is a genus of medium-sized to very large, air-breathing, tropical land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinidae.	Achatina	Achatinidae
parent taxon	Eneida's coquí (Eleutherodactylus eneidae) is a species of coquí, a small variety of frog endemic to the main island of Puerto Rico and its archipelago.	Eneida's coquí	Eleutherodactylus
parent taxon	Chlorococcales is an order of green algae in the class Chlorophyceae.	Chlorococcales	Chlorophyceae
parent taxon	Permosynoidea is a superfamily of Protocoleoptera that contains two known families.	Permosynoidea	Protocoleoptera
parent taxon	Bernier's teal (Anas bernieri), also known as Madagascar teal, is a species of duck in the genus Anas.	Bernier's teal	Anas
parent taxon	Severtsov's loach (Triplophysa sewerzowi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.	Severtsov's loach	Triplophysa
parent taxon	The Kyphosinae (rudderfishes) are a subfamily of the sea chub family Kyphosidae.	Kyphosinae	Kyphosidae
parent taxon	The Aldabra brush warbler (Nesillas aldabrana) is an extinct bird in the acrocephalid warbler family.	Aldabra brush warbler	Nesillas
parent taxon	Tetraleucus picticornis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, and it is the only species in the genus Tetraleucus.	Tetraleucus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Lardoglyphus is a genus of mites in the monotypic family Lardoglyphidae, containing the following species:	Lardoglyphus	Lardoglyphidae
parent taxon	Parastreptocephalus is a subgenus of the fairy shrimp genus Streptocephalus, characterised by features of the male antennae and the tetrahedral shape of the eggs.	Parastreptocephalus	Streptocephalus
parent taxon	Tiferonia parva is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Tiferonia.	Tiferonia	Carabidae
parent taxon	Roosmalens' dwarf marmoset (Callibella humilis or Callithrix (Calibella) humilis), also known as the black-crowned dwarf marmoset, is a small New World monkey native to the Amazon Rainforest, on the east bank of the lower Madeira River, and the west bank of the Aripuanã River, in Brazil.	Roosmalens' dwarf marmoset	Calibella
parent taxon	Eumerus is a genus of hoverflies (family Syrphidae), within the tribe Eumerini.	Eumerus	Eumerini
parent taxon	Arzecla is a Neotropical butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae, formerly part of Lamprospilus.	Arzecla	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Struthiomimus is a member of the family Ornithomimidae, a group which also includes Anserimimus, Archaeornithomimus, Dromiceiomimus, Gallimimus, Ornithomimus, and Sinornithomimus.	Struthiomimus	Ornithomimidae
parent taxon	Pyrenaria is a genus of plant in family Theaceae.	Pyrenaria	Theaceae
parent taxon	The Tico salamander (Bolitoglossa tica) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Tico salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Acanthinula is a genus of minute, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Valloniidae.	Acanthinula	Valloniidae
parent taxon	Spbetalikevirus (synonym SPbeta-like viruses) is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Siphoviridae.	Spbetalikevirus	Siphoviridae
parent taxon	Dysoxylum is a flowering plant genus of trees and shrubs, constituting part of the mahogany family (Meliaceae).	Dysoxylum	Meliaceae
parent taxon	Somniosus is a widely distributed genus of deepwater dogfish sharks in the family Somniosidae.	Somniosus	Somniosidae
present in work	Charn is a fictional city appearing in the 1955 book The Magician's Nephew, book six in C. S. Lewis's Chronicles of Narnia, written as a prequel to The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe.	Charn	The Magician's Nephew
present in work	Grendel is one of three antagonists (along with Grendel's mother and the dragon) in the Anglo-Saxon epic poem Beowulf (AD 700--1000).	Grendel	Beowulf
present in work	The Aswamedha Parva of Mahabharata gives account of Vajradatta.	Vajradatta	Mahabharata
present in work	Carly Wicks is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Kellie Shirley, and by Michaela Stephen in a home movie the Wickses watched on 23 April 2007.	Carly Wicks	EastEnders
present in work	Apu Nahasapeemapetilon is a cartoon character in the animated television series The Simpsons.	Apu Nahasapeemapetilon	The Simpsons
present in work	Tony Hills is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Mark Homer from 7 September 1995 to 15 April 1999.	Tony Hills	EastEnders
present in work	Helen Lawson is a fictional character in the novel Valley of the Dolls written by Jacqueline Susann.	Helen Lawson	Valley of the Dolls
present in work	Rita Stapleton Bauer is a fictional character from the CBS soap Guiding Light.	Rita Stapleton	Guiding Light
present in work	The Omnibots were three Transformers Generation 1 toys available only in the United States as exclusive mail order items.	Omnibots	Transformers
present in work	Ramsay Street is the fictional cul-de-sac in which the characters of the Australian soap opera Neighbours live.	Ramsay Street	Neighbours
present in work	In The Transformers animated series, Cliffjumper was part of the original Autobot crew of the Ark. When the Autobots and Decepticons were reawakened, Cliffjumper was given the alternate mode of an Earth car.	Cliffjumper	The Transformers
present in work	Landspeeders first appear in Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.	Landspeeder	Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope
present in work	Colleen Carlton is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless, last portrayed by Tammin Sursok.	Colleen Carlton	The Young and the Restless
present in work	After they escape, Faora and another powerful Kryptonian grunt named Nam-Ek confront Kal-El and the U.S. Military in Smallville, but are defeated when Kal-El manages to break her helmet.	Faora	Smallville
present in work	Sheriff of Balboa County Don Lamb is a fictional character played by Michael Muhney on the UPN/The CW television series Veronica Mars, which debuted during the fall 2004 season on UPN.	Don Lamb	Veronica Mars
present in work	Éponine Thénardier (/ˌeɪpoʊˈniːn teɪˌnɑːrdiˈeɪ/; French: (epɔnin tenaʁdje)), also referred to as the ``Jondrette girl'', is a fictional character in the 1862 novel Les Misérables by Victor Hugo.	Éponine	Les Misérables
present in work	Jason Costello (previously Jasmine Costello) is a fictional character from the English Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Victoria Atkin.	Jason Costello	Hollyoaks
present in work	Queequeg is a fictional character in the 1851 novel Moby-Dick by American author Herman Melville.	Queequeg	Moby-Dick
present in work	Cobra Commander is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books, and cartoon series.	Cobra Commander	G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero
present in work	Amira Masood (also Shah) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Preeya Kalidas.	Amira Masood	EastEnders
present in work	Jeffrey King is a fictional character from the recently relaunched soap opera, turned web series One Life to Live (OLTL).	Jeffrey King	One Life to Live
present in work	In Tolkien's The Silmarillion, Voronwë (pronounced (vɔˈrɔnwɛ)) was a Noldorin Elf from Gondolin.	Voronwë	The Silmarillion
present in work	Maya Sharma is a fictional character that appeared on the UK TV soap opera Coronation Street.	Maya Sharma	Coronation Street
present in work	Athkatla first appearead in the tabletop D&D role-playing game, and later featured greatly in the videogame Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn.	Athkatla	Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn
present in work	Phoebe Buffay-Hannigan is a fictional character from the NBC sitcom Friends, portrayed by Lisa Kudrow.	Phoebe Buffay	Friends
screenwriter	El bosque animado (English: The enchanted forest) is a 1987 Spanish comedy-fantasy film directed by José Luis Cuerda, based on the eponymous novel written by Wenceslao Fernández Flórez, with a script by Rafael Azcona.	El bosque animado	Rafael Azcona
screenwriter	The Clay Pigeon is a 1949 American film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and written by Carl Foreman, based on a true story.	The Clay Pigeon	Carl Foreman
screenwriter	We Faw Down is a 1928 two-reel silent comedy starring Laurel and Hardy and directed by Leo McCarey.	We Faw Down	Leo McCarey
screenwriter	Tih Minh is a 1918 French film serial directed by Louis Feuillade.	Tih Minh	Louis Feuillade
screenwriter	Pappa e ciccia (also known as Two of a Kind) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti.	Pappa e ciccia	Neri Parenti
screenwriter	Une fille et des fusils is a French film, directed by Claude Lelouch, released in 1964.	Une fille et des fusils	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	License to Drive is a 1988 teen adventure film written by Neil Tolkin and directed by Greg Beeman in his feature film directorial debut.	License to Drive	Neil Tolkin
screenwriter	Delitto passionale is a 1994 Italian film directed by Flavio Mogherini.	Delitto passionale	Flavio Mogherini
screenwriter	Kirikou and the Men and Women (French: Kirikou et les Hommes et les Femmes) is a 2012 CGI animation feature film written and directed by Michel Ocelot.	Kirikou and the Men and Women	Michel Ocelot
screenwriter	Exit Smiling is a 1926 comedy film directed by Sam Taylor and starring New York and London revues star Beatrice Lillie in her first (and only silent) film role and Jack Pickford, the brother of star Mary Pickford.	Exit Smiling	Sam Taylor
screenwriter	Retro Puppet Master (also known as Retro Puppetmaster) is a 1999 direct-to-video horror film written by Charles Band, Benjamin Carr and David Schmoeller, and directed by David DeCoteau.	Retro Puppet Master	Charles Band
screenwriter	The Conquest of the Pole (French: À la conquête du pôle) is a 1912 French silent film directed by and starring Georges Méliès.	The Conquest of the Pole	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	Anomalisa is a 2015 American stop-motion drama film directed and produced by Charlie Kaufman and Duke Johnson, and written by Kaufman based on his 2005 play of the same name.	Anomalisa	Charlie Kaufman
screenwriter	Paying Guest is a 1957 Bollywood film directed by Subodh Mukherjee.	Paying Guest	Subodh Mukherjee
screenwriter	Flightplan is a 2005 German-American mystery-thriller film directed by Robert Schwentke, written by Peter A. Dowling and Billy Ray, and starring Jodie Foster, Peter Sarsgaard, Erika Christensen, Kate Beahan, Greta Scacchi, and Sean Bean.	Flightplan	Billy Ray
screenwriter	A Hill on the Dark Side of the Moon (Swedish: Berget på månens baksida) is a 1983 Swedish drama film written by Agneta Pleijel and directed by Lennart Hjulström.	A Hill on the Dark Side of the Moon	Agneta Pleijel
screenwriter	Nosferatu the Vampyre is a 1979 West German art house vampire film written and directed by Werner Herzog.	Nosferatu the Vampyre	Werner Herzog
screenwriter	Looking for Richard is a 1996 documentary film directed by Al Pacino.	Looking for Richard	Al Pacino
screenwriter	Madhumati is a 1958 Hindi drama film produced and directed by Bimal Roy, and written by Ritwik Ghatak and Rajinder Singh Bedi.	Madhumati	Ritwik Ghatak	Rajinder Singh Bedi
screenwriter	The Sea Wall (French: Un barrage contre le Pacifique) is a 2008 film by Cambodian director Rithy Panh in a French/Cambodian/Belgian co-production.	The Sea Wall	Rithy Panh
screenwriter	The Murderer Lives at Number 21 (French: L'Assassin habite au 21) is a 1942 French comedy thriller film by director Henri-Georges Clouzot.	The Murderer Lives at Number 21	Henri-Georges Clouzot
screenwriter	Lake of the Dead (In Norwegian; De dødes tjern, also known as Lake of the damned) is a 1958 Norwegian horror film directed by Kåre Bergstrøm.	Lake of the Dead	Kåre Bergstrøm
screenwriter	Lo squadrone bianco (Italian for ``The White Squadron'') is a 1936 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.	Lo squadrone bianco	Augusto Genina
screenwriter	No Path Through Fire (Russian: В огне брода нет, translit. V ogne broda net) is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Gleb Panfilov.	No Path Through Fire	Gleb Panfilov
screenwriter	Giliap is a 1975 Swedish drama film directed by Roy Andersson, starring Thommy Berggren as a man who takes a job as a waiter at a run-down hotel.	Giliap	Roy Andersson
screenwriter	Blissfully Yours (Thai: สุดเสน่หา S̄ud s̄eǹh̄ā) is a 2002 Thai romance film directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul.	Blissfully Yours	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
screenwriter	La vispa Teresa is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Lilia Silvi.	La vispa Teresa	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	Disco Pigs is a 2001 Irish film directed by Kirsten Sheridan and written by Enda Walsh, who adapted it from his 1996 play of the same name.	Disco Pigs	Enda Walsh
screenwriter	La Grande Illusion (also known as Grand Illusion) is a 1937 French war film directed by Jean Renoir, who co-wrote the screenplay with Charles Spaak.	La Grande Illusion	Jean Renoir	Charles Spaak
screenwriter	La ragazza dal pigiama giallo (Italian for The Girl in the Yellow Pyjamas) is a 1977 Italian giallo film directed by Flavio Mogherini, distributed internationally as The Pajama Girl Case.	The Pajama Girl Case	Flavio Mogherini
screenwriter	Dragonball Evolution is a 2009 American adventure fantasy film directed by James Wong.	Dragonball Evolution	James Wong
screenwriter	Cats & Dogs is a 2001 American-Australian family action-comedy film, directed by Lawrence Guterman with screenplay by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra, and stars Jeff Goldblum, Elizabeth Perkins and Alexander Pollock.	Cats & Dogs	John Requa	Glenn Ficarra
screenwriter	Interiors is a 1978 drama film written and directed by Woody Allen.	Interiors	Woody Allen
screenwriter	My Home Is Copacabana (Swedish: Mitt hem är Copacabana) is a 1965 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Sucksdorff.	My Home Is Copacabana	Arne Sucksdorff
screenwriter	Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is a 1972 science fiction film directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Paul Dehn.	Conquest of the Planet of the Apes	Paul Dehn
screenwriter	The Nutcracker in 3D (released on DVD as The Nutcracker: The Untold Story) is a 2009 British-Hungarian 3D Christmas fantasy film adaption of the ballet The Nutcracker, directed by Andrei Konchalovsky.	The Nutcracker in 3D	Andrei Konchalovsky
screenwriter	The Godfather is a 1972 American crime drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and produced by Albert S. Ruddy from a screenplay by Mario Puzo and Coppola.	The Godfather	Francis Ford Coppola	Mario Puzo
screenwriter	How We Robbed the Bank of Italy (Italian: Come svaligiammo la Banca d'Italia) is a 1966 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci.	How We Robbed the Bank of Italy	Lucio Fulci
screenwriter	Chico and Rita is a 2010 adult animated music romantic film with Spanish and English languages directed by Tono Errando, Fernando Trueba and Javier Mariscal.	Chico and Rita	Fernando Trueba
screenwriter	Written by Noelle Valdivia and directed by Nick Gomez, ``Slack Water'' was watched by 2.15 million viewers, including 0.7 percent of those aged between 18 and 49 in Nielsen ratings, upon its initial broadcast in the United States.	Slack Water	Noelle Valdivia
screenwriter	Blood Simple is a 1984 American neo-noir psychological crime thriller film written, edited, produced and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen.	Blood Simple	Ethan Coen
screenwriter	Titicut Follies is a 1967 American documentary film directed by Frederick Wiseman and filmed by John Marshall, about the patient-inmates of Bridgewater State Hospital for the criminally insane, a Massachusetts Correctional Institution in Bridgewater, Massachusetts.	Titicut Follies	Frederick Wiseman
screenwriter	Mr. Holland's Opus is a 1995 American drama film directed by Stephen Herek, produced by Ted Field, Robert W. Cort, and Michael Nolin, and written by Patrick Sheane Duncan.	Mr. Holland's Opus	Patrick Sheane Duncan
screenwriter	Nayakan (English: The Hero), also spelt Nayagan, is a 1987 Indian Tamil crime-drama film written and directed by Mani Ratnam and starring Kamal Haasan.	Nayakan	Mani Ratnam
screenwriter	Northern Skirts (German: Nordrand) is a 1999 German-language film directed by Barbara Albert.	Northern Skirts	Barbara Albert
screenwriter	Hunting Elephants (Hebrew: לצוד פילים‎, Latzud Pilim, lit. To Hunt Elephants) is a 2013 Israeli crime comedy film directed by Reshef Levi.	Hunting Elephants	Reshef Levi
screenwriter	The Smile of the Lamb (Hebrew: חיוך הגדי‎, translit. Hiuch HaGdi) is a 1986 Israeli drama film directed by Shimon Dotan.	The Smile of the Lamb	Shimon Dotan
screenwriter	Fig Leaves is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Howard Hawks, released by Fox Film Corporation, and starring George O'Brien and Olive Borden.	Fig Leaves	Howard Hawks
screenwriter	Speak to Me of Love (French: Parlez-moi d'amour) is a 2002 French drama film written and directed by Sophie Marceau and starring Judith Godrèche, Niels Arestrup, and Anne Le Ny.	Speak to Me of Love	Sophie Marceau
screenwriter	The Last Horror Film (also known as Fanatic) is a 1982 American horror comedy film directed by David Winters and starring Joe Spinell and Caroline Munro.	The Last Horror Film	David Winters
screenwriter	The Company Men is an American drama movie, written and directed by John Wells.	The Company Men	John Wells
screenwriter	Ten Italians for One German (Italian: Dieci italiani per un tedesco (Via Rasella)), is a 1962 Italian historical war drama film directed by Filippo Walter Ratti.	Ten Italians for One German	Filippo Walter Ratti
screenwriter	Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk.	Fight Club	Chuck Palahniuk
screenwriter	Hawaii, Oslo is a 2004 Norwegian drama film, directed by Erik Poppe with a screenplay by Harald Rosenløw Eeg.	Hawaii, Oslo	Erik Poppe	Harald Rosenløw Eeg
screenwriter	The Private Lives of Pippa Lee is a 2009 American drama film written and directed by Rebecca Miller.	The Private Lives of Pippa Lee	Rebecca Miller
screenwriter	Weak Spot (French: La faille, Italian: La smagliatura, German: Der dritte grad) is a 1975 French-Italian-German thriller film directed by Peter Fleischmann.	Weak Spot	Peter Fleischmann
screenwriter	Freak Orlando is a 1981 West German comedy film directed by Ulrike Ottinger and starring Magdalena Montezuma.	Freak Orlando	Ulrike Ottinger
screenwriter	Kaadhal Mannan (English: King of Love) is a 1998 Tamil romance film directed by Saran, which features Ajith Kumar and Maanu in the lead roles.	Kaadhal Mannan	Saran
screenwriter	La ragazza del prete (The girlfriend of the priest) is a 1970 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Domenico Paolella.	La ragazza del prete	Domenico Paolella
screenwriter	Sawdust and Tinsel (Swedish: Gycklarnas afton) is a 1953 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	Sawdust and Tinsel	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	Goli Soda (Tamil: கோலி சோடா; English: Banta) is a 2014 Indian Tamil film written, directed and filmed by cinematographer-director S.D. Vijay Milton.	Goli Soda	Vijay Milton
screenwriter	Paris When It Sizzles is a 1964 romantic comedy film directed by Richard Quine and produced by Quine and George Axelrod.	Paris When It Sizzles	George Axelrod
screenwriter	Borom Sarret aka The Wagoner (1963) is the first film by Senegalese director Ousmane Sembène over which he had full control.	Borom Sarret	Ousmane Sembène
screenwriter	My Best Friend's Wife (Italian: L'amico del cuore) is a 1998 Italian comedy film written and directed by Vincenzo Salemme.	My Best Friend's Wife	Vincenzo Salemme
screenwriter	Splendori e miserie di Madame Royale (also known as Madame Royale) is a 1970 Italian comedy drama film directed by Vittorio Caprioli.	Splendori e miserie di Madame Royale	Vittorio Caprioli
screenwriter	Ditte, Child of Man, (Danish: Ditte Menneskebarn), is a 1946 socio-realistic Danish drama directed by Bjarne Henning-Jensen based on the novel by Martin Andersen Nexø.	Ditte, Child of Man	Bjarne Henning-Jensen
screenwriter	The Million Eyes of Sumuru is a 1967 British spy film produced by Harry Alan Towers, directed by Lindsay Shonteff and filmed at the Shaw Brothers studios in Hong Kong.	The Million Eyes of Sumuru	Harry Alan Towers
screenwriter	The Suspicious Death of a Minor (Italian: Morte sospetta di una minorenne, also known as Too Young to Die) is a 1975 Italian giallo film directed by Sergio Martino.	The Suspicious Death of a Minor	Sergio Martino
screenwriter	The Jokers is a 1967 comedy film written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, and directed by Michael Winner.	The Jokers	Dick Clement
screenwriter	The Fashionistas is a 2002 pornographic film directed by John Stagliano and produced by Evil Angel Productions.	Fashionistas	John Stagliano
screenwriter	Docking the Boat (Swedish: Att angöra en brygga, or sometimes: To Go Ashore) is a Swedish dark comedy film from 1965 directed by Tage Danielsson.	Docking the Boat	Tage Danielsson
screenwriter	Teknolust is a 2002 film produced, written, and directed by Lynn Hershman Leeson who, at the time of production, was working in the art department at University of California, Davis.	Teknolust	Lynn Hershman Leeson
screenwriter	Legally Blonde is a 2001 American comedy film directed by Robert Luketic, written by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith, and produced by Marc E. Platt.	Legally Blonde	Karen McCullah Lutz	Kirsten Smith
screenwriter	The Bachelor Party is a 1953 teleplay by Paddy Chayefsky which was adapted by Chayefsky for a 1957 film.	The Bachelor Party	Paddy Chayefsky
screenwriter	La Bestia y la Espada Magica (The Beast and the Magic Sword) is a 1983 Spanish/Japanese horror film that is the tenth in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky, played by Paul Naschy.	La Bestia y la Espada Magica	Paul Naschy
screenwriter	Three from Prostokvashino (Russian: Трое из Простоквашино, tr. Troye iz Prostokvashino) is a 1978 Soviet animated film based on the children's book Uncle Fedya, His Dog, and His Cat by Eduard Uspensky.	Three from Prostokvashino	Eduard Uspensky
screenwriter	Heja Roland! is a 1966 Swedish comedy film directed by Bo Widerberg.	Heja Roland!	Bo Widerberg
screenwriter	From Hand to Mouth is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.	From Hand to Mouth	Harold Lloyd
screenwriter	Clan of the White Lotus is a 1980 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Lo Lieh, with action choreography by Lau Kar Leung, and starring Lo Lieh and Gordon Liu.	Clan of the White Lotus	Lo Lieh
screenwriter	The Goalkeeper's Fear of the Penalty (German: Die Angst des Tormanns beim Elfmeter) is a 1972 German-language drama film directed by Wim Wenders.	The Goalkeeper's Fear of the Penalty	Wim Wenders
screenwriter	Byhåla (a derogative slang term for a boring village) is a comedy series featuring Ronny and Ragge, played by Fredde Granberg and Peter Settman.	Byhåla	Fredde Granberg	Peter Settman
screenwriter	The New York Ripper (Italian: Lo squartatore di New York) is a 1982 Italian giallo film directed and co-written by Lucio Fulci.	The New York Ripper	Lucio Fulci
screenwriter	``Trilogy of Error'' was directed by Mike B. Anderson and written by Matt Selman.	Trilogy of Error	Matt Selman
screenwriter	The film was written by Ken Friedman, and adapted from the novel The Three Worlds of Johnny Handsome by John Godey.	Johnny Handsome	Ken Friedman
screenwriter	The Color of Paradise (Persian: رنگ خدا, Rang-e Khodā, literally The Color of God), is a 1999 Iranian film directed by Majid Majidi.	The Color of Paradise	Majid Majidi
screenwriter	Incantato (Italian: Il cuore altrove, also known as The Heart Is Elsewhere or The Heart Is Everywhere) is a 2003 Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati.	Incantato	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	Don Juan, or If Don Juan Were a Woman (French: Don Juan ou Si Don Juan était une femme...) is a 1973 French-Italian drama film by Roger Vadim.	Don Juan, or If Don Juan Were a Woman	Roger Vadim
screenwriter	La poliziotta della squadra del buon costume (internationally released as A Policewoman on the Porno Squad) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.	A Policewoman on the Porno Squad	Michele Massimo Tarantini
screenwriter	Mother Küsters' Trip to Heaven (German: Mutter Küsters' Fahrt zum Himmel) is a 1975 German film written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.	Mother Küsters' Trip to Heaven	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
screenwriter	Killer of Sheep is a 1978 American drama film written, directed, produced, and shot by Charles Burnett.	Killer of Sheep	Charles Burnett
screenwriter	The Devil Has Seven Faces (Italian: Il diavolo a sette facce, also known as The Devil with Seven Faces) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Osvaldo Civirani.	The Devil Has Seven Faces	Osvaldo Civirani
screenwriter	The Green Butchers (Danish: De grønne slagtere) is a 2003 Danish film starring Mads Mikkelsen, Nikolaj Lie Kaas, and Line Kruse, written and directed by Anders Thomas Jensen.	The Green Butchers	Anders Thomas Jensen
screenwriter	A Society Sensation is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama film starring Carmel Myers and Rudolph Valentino (credited as Rudolpho De Valentina), directed by Paul Powell and released by Universal Pictures under the name Bluebird Photoplays.	A Society Sensation	Paul Powell
sex or gender	Satu Karoliina Lundahl (born June 30, 1968 in Helsinki) is a retired female weightlifter from Finland, who was nicknamed ``Kartsi'' during her career.	Karoliina Lundahl	female
sex or gender	Bill Smart (William Smart; born June 5, 1948 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a retired male middle distance runner from Canada, who represented his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Bill Smart	male
sex or gender	When female boxer Alex Love heard the news that women's boxing was now an Olympic sport she put everything on hold, her job and college, to devote herself entirely to training for the Olympics.	Alex Love	female
sex or gender	Cora Dow (1868--1915) was a pharmacist in Cincinnati, Ohio, the leading female pharmacist of her time, with eleven stores under her name when she died.	Cora Dow	female
sex or gender	Killing Me Softly- Todesarten is a series of ten photographs depicting the suicides of ten female artists, with Claudia Reinhardt as the model for all of them.	Claudia Reinhardt	female
sex or gender	Sobekneferu was the first known female Pharaoh for which there is confirmed proof, although Nitocris may have ruled in the Sixth Dynasty, and there are five other women who are believed to have ruled as early as the First Dynasty.	Sobekneferu	female
sex or gender	Ernesto Aguero Shell (born October 1, 1969) is a retired male weightlifter from Cuba.	Ernesto Aguero	male
sex or gender	Paul Ruiz (born 21 September 1962) is a retired male shot putter from Cuba.	Paul Ruiz	male
sex or gender	Bernard Boursicot (born 1944) is a French diplomat who was caught in a honeypot trap (seducing him to participate in Chinese espionage), by Shi Pei Pu, a male Peking opera singer who performed female roles, whom Boursicot believed to be female.	Bernard Boursicot	male
sex or gender	Amina Desai (c. 1920 - 10 June 2009) was South Africa's longest serving female Indian political prisoner.	Amina Desai	female
sex or gender	Nienna was the only Vala of female appearance who was not married, similarly to Ulmo among the male counterparts.	Nienna	female
sex or gender	Willy Kan Wai-yue (簡慧榆) (June 17, 1978 -- March 21, 1999), was a popular and promising female apprentice jockey from Hong Kong, who rode to no fewer than 17 victories in her short career (1997--1999).	Willy Kan	female
sex or gender	Jarmila Klimešová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjarmɪla ˈklɪmɛʃovaː), born 9 February 1981 in Šumperk) is a female javelin thrower from the Czech Republic.	Jarmila Klimešová	female
sex or gender	Mario Carulla Schultz (born October 26, 1971) is a retired male badminton player from Peru, who won the bronze medal in the men's singles competition and another bronze medal in mixed with Adrienn Kocsis at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada.	Mario Carulla	male
sex or gender	Eivor Mona-Lisa Pursiainen (née Strandvall; 21 June 1951, Kronoby -- 7 August 2000) was a Finnish female sprinter, who was especially successful in 1973--1974.	Mona-Lisa Pursiainen	female
sex or gender	Olga Dvirna (born February 11, 1953) is a retired female middle distance runner who represented the Soviet Union in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Olga Dvirna	female
sex or gender	Almas Akram (Urdu: الماس اکرم‎) (born 15 April 1988) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Nankana Sahib.	Almas Akram	female
sex or gender	Ute Wetzig (born April 11, 1971 in Halle an der Saale, Sachsen-Anhalt) is a female diver from Germany, who won a gold, a silver and a bronze medal in the women's 10 m platform event at the European Championships in the early 1990s.	Ute Wetzig	female
sex or gender	Seneb is also not shown carrying out typical male activities such as hunting, which was presumably impractical for someone of his stature, although one relief shows him pulling on papyrus reeds to guide his boat through the marshes of the Nile Delta.	Seneb	male
sex or gender	Tan Sri Datuk Rafiah Salim (born in Kuala Krai, Kelantan, Malaysia) was the first female Vice-Chancellor in Malaysia, posted to Universiti Malaya since 1 May 2006.	Rafiah Salim	female
sex or gender	Nathalia Alfaro Paniagua (born April 8, 1987 in Heredia) is a female beach volleyball player from Costa Rica, who played in the Swatch FIVB World Tour 2005 at the Acapulco step, playing with Ingrid Morales.	Nathalia Alfaro	female
sex or gender	Bas Noir was an American female vocal house-music group from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Bas Noir	female
sex or gender	Paula Renata Marques Pequeno, better known as Paula Pequeno (born January 22, 1982), is a female two-time Olympic gold medal winning volleyball player from Brazil.	Paula Pequeno	female
sex or gender	Eleni Teloni (Greek: Ελένη Τελώνη; born December 16, 1964 in Limassol) is a retired female hammer thrower from Cyprus.	Eleni Teloni	female
sex or gender	Song Deokbong was a Korean female poet of the mid Joseon dynasty.	Song Deokbong	female
sex or gender	Malinee Kongtan (Thai: มาลินี คงทัน, born 9 November 1973) is a retired Thai female volleyball player.	Malinee Kongtan	female
sex or gender	Indira Kastratović, née Jakupović (Macedonian: Индира Кастратовиќ; born 2 October 1970) is one of the best Macedonian female handball players in history and one of the best right backs in the world.	Indira Kastratović	female
sex or gender	Steinunn Finnsdóttir (c. 1640 -- c. 1710) was the first known Icelandic female writer to leave a substantial body of poetry, that was noted for her major works which includes two rímur cycles:	Steinunn Finnsdóttir	female
sex or gender	Christian Bernier (born November 20, 1981 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a male volleyball player from Canada, who competed for the Men's National Team.	Christian Bernier	male
sex or gender	Delphine Horvilleur (born 1974) is France's third female rabbi, and (as of 2012) editor-in-Chief of the quarterly Jewish magazine Revue de pensée(s) juive(s) Tenou'a.	Delphine Horvilleur	female
sex or gender	Iliyana Gocheva (Bulgarian: Илияна Гочева) (born 11 February 1976) is a retired Bulgarian female volleyball player.	Iliyana Gocheva	female
sex or gender	Sandra Rabier (born March 1, 1985) is a female rugby union player and represents France.	Sandra Rabier	female
sex or gender	On 11 August 2007 Sahlene began an extended run in the female lead in the musical Footloose at in Gothenburg: the show moved to Stockholm on 20 February 2008.	Sahlene	female
sex or gender	On the morning of March 29, 2011, riot police accompanied by female police officers with orders to detain Ayat Al-Qurmezi forced their way into the family home.	Ayat Al-Qurmezi	female
sex or gender	Lucy O'Sullivan (born 27 September 1990 in Poole) is a female British compound archer.	Lucy O'Sullivan	female
sex or gender	Warren Harvey is a male model and body builder with the grand title of Mister England 2006.	Warren Harvey	male
sex or gender	Ashley McGregor (born March 1, 1993 in Pointe-Claire, Quebec) is a female swimmer from Canada, who mostly competes in the breaststroke events.	Ashley McGregor	female
sex or gender	Gülcan Mıngır (pronounced (ˈɟyldʒan ˈmɯnɡɯɾ); born May 21, 1989 in Döğer, İhsaniye, Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female middle distance runner specialized in 3000 m steeplechase.	Gülcan Mıngır	female
sex or gender	Sharaya Howell, better known by her stage name Sharaya J, is a Hawaiian-born American female rapper and choreographer.	Sharaya J	female
sex or gender	Bibhu Bhattacharya (17 September 1944 -- 22 September 2011) was a Bengali Indian male actor of TV and films.	Bibhu Bhattacharya	male
sex or gender	Nesrin Nas (born 1958) is a Turkish female academic in economics, politician and the former leader of the Motherland Party (Anavatan Partisi, ANAP).	Nesrin Nas	female
sex or gender	Fond du Lac County Jane Doe, also known as ``Jane Fond du Lac Doe'', is an unidentified female discovered on November 23, 2008 in Ashford, Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin.	Fond du Lac County Jane Doe	female
sex or gender	Hélène Lê Thị Liên, popularly known as Ái Liên (Hải Phòng 1918/1920-1991) was a Vietnamese cải lương actress and female singer.	Ái Liên	female
sex or gender	Yeliz Başa (born Yeliz Askan on August 13, 1987 in Beykoz, Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish female volleyball player, who won the gold medal at the 2014 Women's European Volleyball League playing with the Turkey women's national volleyball team.	Yeliz Başa	female
sex or gender	Noah Miller (born May 5, 1980 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a male water polo player from Canada who currently resides in the community of Bowness in Calgary, Alberta.	Noah Miller	male
sex or gender	Jan Youren (born 1942 or 1943 in Boise, Idaho) is a female rodeo rider.	Jan Youren	female
sex or gender	Fatima Abou Gahas (Arabic: فاطمة علي ابو قحاص‎, Fāṭimah Abu 'alī qaḥāṣ) was a famous female Saudi artist from 'Asir Province.	Fatima Abou Gahas	female
sex or gender	It is commonly believed that Leung Jan started learning under Leung Yee-Tai, a Mo Deng performer (male dressed as female)/poler, apprenticing on the Red Boats from the 1840s to 1850s, up until his father's death, whereupon he left to run the family pharmacy.	Leung Jan	male
sex or gender	Virginia Christian (15 August 1895 -- 16 August 1912) was the first female criminal executed in the 20th century in the state of Virginia, and a juvenile offender executed in the United States.	Virginia Christian	female
sex or gender	Maider Unda González de Audicana (born on 2 July 1977 in Vitoria) is a Basque female freestyle wrestler.	Maider Unda	female
sex or gender	Anu Nieminen (née Weckström on December 16, 1977 in Helsinki) is a female badminton player from Finland.	Anu Nieminen	female
sex or gender	Mubarak Dahi Waleed (Arabic: مبارك ضاحي‎, born 1 April 1991) is a Qatari male volleyball player.	Mubarak Dahi Waleed	male
sex or gender	Lucilla Andreucci (born December 19, 1969 in Rome) is a former female long-distance runner from Italy.	Lucilla Andreucci	female
sex or gender	Zhang Hanlan (born 1979-07-19 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese basketball player who was part of the team that won the gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games.	Zhang Hanlan	female
sex or gender	In May 1900, Belle Golding became the first female inspector of public schools in Australia.	Belle Golding	female
sex or gender	As noted historian Jill Lepore reports in her compelling book The Secret History of Wonder Woman Ethel Byrne was the first female political prisoner in the United States to be subjected to force feeding.	Ethel Byrne	female
sex or gender	Well ahead of the huge interest in female nude photography which was to take off in the 1920s, Mary Willumsen's photographs from 1916 to 1920, though carefully posed, appear far more spontaneous than earlier work.	Mary Willumsen	female
sex or gender	Oksana Andrusina-Mert, née Oksana Andrusina (Russian: Оксана Андруcина), (born March 26, 1973), aka Oksana Mert or formerly Aksel Mert, is a Turkish female discus thrower of Russian origin.	Oksana Andrusina-Mert	female
sex or gender	Celia Castro (1860, Valparaíso - 19 June 1930, Valparaíso) was the first professional female artist in Chile.	Celia Castro	female
sex or gender	Zhang Beiwen (张蓓雯) (born 12 July 1990 in Liaoning) is a female professional badminton player who is a singles specialist.	Zhang Beiwen	female
sex or gender	Linda McDonald is the drummer of the all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens (billed as the ``World's Only Female Tribute to Iron Maiden'').	Linda McDonald	female
sex or gender	Buttree Puedpong (Thai: บุตรี เผือดผ่อง; rtgs: Buttri Phueatphong; born October 16, 1990; nicknamed Song which means ``two'') is a female Thai Taekwondo practitioner who competes at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the -49 kg class.	Buttree Puedpong	female
sex or gender	Anna Miros (née Podolec) (born 30 October 1985) is a female Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team and Polish club Atom Trefl Sopot, European Champion 2003.	Anna Miros	female
sex or gender	Liu Songbo (Chinese: 刘松博; born 1 April 1993 in Jilin) is a Chinese male short track speed skater.	Liu Songbo	male
sex or gender	Elvira Notari (February 10, 1875 in Salerno -- December 17, 1946 in Cava de' Tirreni), Italy's earliest and most prolific female filmmaker, made over sixty feature films and about a hundred documentaries.	Elvira Notari	female
sex or gender	Yin Na (Chinese: 殷娜; pinyin: Yīn Nà; born 3 February 1988 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Yin Na	female
sex or gender	Hu Yulan is a former female table tennis player from China.	Hu Yulan	female
sex or gender	Dorothea Kalpakidou (Greek: Δωροθέα Καλπακίδου; born September 21, 1983 in Serres) is a female Greek discus thrower.	Dorothea Kalpakidou	female
sex or gender	Cmiljka Kalušević, (Serbian Cyrillic: Цмиљка Калушевић; April 9, 1933 in Tarragona, Spain - 1989 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Yugoslav and Serbian female basketball player and athlete.	Cmiljka Kalušević	female
sex or gender	Ruth Hamilton (April 21, 1898 -- January 18, 2008) was an American politician and one of America's first female radio talk show hosts.	Ruth Hamilton	female
sex or gender	Adrian O'Connor (born January 11, 1972) is a retired male backstroke swimmer from Ireland.	Adrian O'Connor	male
sex or gender	The Girl of the Uchter Moor also known as Moora is the name given to the female Iron Age bog body remains, discovered in 2000 in the marshland near Uchte, Germany.	Girl of the Uchter Moor	female
sex or gender	Dorothy Schwieder became the first female appointed professor within the Department of History.	Dorothy Schwieder	female
sex or gender	Doreen Amata (born May 6, 1988 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a female track and field athlete from Nigeria who specialises in the high jump event.	Doreen Amata	female
sex or gender	Paul Narracott (born 8 October 1959) was the first Australian sportsperson (and only male) to have represented Australia at both a Summer (Los Angeles, 1984) and Winter Olympics, Albertville, 1992).	Paul Narracott	male
sex or gender	Marjorie Pickthall ``stood as proof in the eyes of the next generation of female poets that women could indeed earn the respect and attention of a literary establishment dominated by men.''	Marjorie Pickthall	female
sex or gender	Gabriele Ferzetti repeats and develops his role from Le Amiche of the inadequate male/artist''.	Gabriele Ferzetti	male
sex or gender	Melike Mama Hatun, or simply Mama Hatun, was a female ruler of the Saltukid dynasty, with its capital in Erzurum, for an estimated nine years between 1191 to 1200.	Melike Mama Hatun	female
sex or gender	Barbara Brandon-Croft (born November 27, 1958) is an American cartoonist, best known for creating the comic strip, Where I'm Coming From, and for being the first nationally syndicated African-American female cartoonist.	Barbara Brandon-Croft	female
sex or gender	China Krys Darrington (born October 9, 1970 in North Hampton, Ohio as Krystin Lou Dauchy) is the first sponsored female Freestyle BMX rider.	China Krys Darrington	female
sex or gender	Panayiotis Simopoulos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Σιμόπουλος) is one of Greece's top male fashion models.	Panayiotis Simopoulos	male
sex or gender	Sanja Damnjanović (born 25 May 1987) is a Serbian female handballer who plays for the Macedonian club ŽRK Vardar and the Serbian national team.	Sanja Damnjanović	female
sex or gender	Dong Le'an (simplified Chinese: 董乐安; traditional Chinese: 董樂安; pinyin: Dǒng Lèān; born January 28, 1982 in Hunan) is a female Chinese modern pentathlete who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Dong Le'an	female
sex or gender	Lynda Barnes (born Lynda Norry on October 7, 1967 in the United States of America), is one of the world's leading female Ten-pin bowlers.	Lynda Barnes	female
sex or gender	Dr. Fanny Jane Butler (1850-1889) was a medical missionary from England who was among the first female doctors to travel to India and the first fully trained doctor from England to do so.	Fanny Jane Butler	female
sex or gender	Baymax is an artificial synthformer capable of synthtransing his body into various forms: a large humanoid male, ``Battle-Dragon'' and ``Action-Mecha''.	Baymax	male
sex or gender	Judie Bamber creates representational paintings and drawings based on photographic sources ranging from images of female genitalia to seascapes.	Judie Bamber	female
sex or gender	Mimí Derba (1888 or 1893--1953) was a Mexican actress and the first female director in Mexico.	Mimí Derba	female
sex or gender	Dharmadasa Walpola (Sinhala:ධර්මදාස වල්පොල) (1927--1983) was the most prominent Sri Lankan male playback singer of the 1950s and 1960s.	Dharmadasa Walpola	male
sex or gender	Jorge Reyna (born 10 January 1963) is a retired male triple jumper from Cuba who won a silver medal at the 1989 World Indoor Championships in Budapest.	Jorge Reyna	male
sex or gender	Kim Kyungah (born May 25, 1977 in Daejeon, South Korea) is a female South Korean table tennis player.	Kim Kyungah	female
sex or gender	Hülya Şahin, aka Julia ``Sunshine'' Sahin, (born February 23, 1974 in Siegen, Germany) is a Turkish professional female boxer with German passport.	Hülya Şahin	female
sex or gender	Liang Caixia (Chinese: 梁彩霞; pinyin: Liáng Cǎixiá; Cantonese Yale: Leung4 Choi2 Ha4; born September 20, 1981 in Xinhui, Jiangmen, Guangdong) is a female Chinese modern pentathlete who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Liang Caixia	female
sex or gender	Kéné Ndoye (born November 20, 1978) is a female track and field athlete, competing internationally for Senegal.	Kéné Ndoye	female
sex or gender	Agnieszka Pogroszewska (born February 20, 1977) is a retired female hammer thrower from Poland.	Agnieszka Pogroszewska	female
sex or gender	Christian Maclagan (1811--10 May 1901) was a Scottish antiquary and probably the first female archaeologist in Great Britain.	Christian Maclagan	female
sex or gender	Natalie Grainger (born 8 July 1977), also known for a period by her former married name Natalie Pohrer, is a professional female squash player.	Natalie Grainger	female
sex or gender	Una Prentice (1913--1986) was one of the first female lawyers in Australia.	Una Prentice	female
sex or gender	Muzi Mei (木子美 Mùzǐ Měi) or Mu Zimei or Mu Zi Mei or Muzimei (born 1978) is the nom de plume (pen name) of a female journalist and blogger from Guangzhou, People's Republic of China, who became a widely known blogger in China in late 2003.	Muzi Mei	female
sex or gender	Shan Danna (simplified Chinese: 单丹娜; traditional Chinese: 單丹娜; pinyin: Shān Dānnà; born 8 October 1991 in Zhejiang) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Shan Danna	female
sex or gender	Olena Zhupina (Ukrainian: Олена Жупіна; born August 23, 1973 in Zaporizhzhia) is a female diver from Ukraine who won the bronze medal with Ganna Sorokina in the Women's 3m Synchronized Springboard competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Olena Zhupina	female
sex or gender	Ianeta Hutchinson (born 11 October 1992) is a female former water polo goalkeeper from New Zealand.	Ianeta Hutchinson	female
sex or gender	Kellie Suttle (born May 9, 1973 in Saint Peters, Missouri) is a retired female track and field athlete from the United States, who competed in the pole vault event.	Kellie Suttle	female
sex or gender	Tara Deodhar is a female badminton player from India.	Tara Deodhar	female
sex or gender	İpek Kaya (born October 28, 1994) is a Turkish-French female football defender currently playing in the French league of Division 1 Féminine for ASJ Soyaux-Charente with jersey number 28.	İpek Kaya	female
sex or gender	Chandrayee Ghosh (Bengali: চান্দ্রেয়ী ঘোষ) (sometimes spelled Chandreye Ghosh or Chandreyi Ghosh) is a Bengali Indian female model and TV and film actress.	Chandrayee Ghosh	female
sex or gender	Anke Kühne, née Kühn (born 28 February 1981 in Hanover), is a female field hockey player from Germany, who played for the German national team and won the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Anke Kühne	female
sex or gender	Mira Golubović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мира Голубовић; born October 15, 1976 in Metković, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired female professional volleyball player from Serbia.	Mira Golubović	female
sex or gender	Upon discovering that they were legally male, Ronaldo offered them $600 to leave.	Ronaldo	male
sex or gender	Florența Mihai (Romanian pronunciation: (floˈrent͡sa miˈhaj); 2 September 1955 -- 14 October 2015) was a female tennis player from Romania.	Florența Mihai	female
sex or gender	Vicki Williams is a retired female professional wrestler.	Vicki Williams	female
sex or gender	Leki (born January 28, 1978; Kinshasa, Congo) is the first female urban/R&B-pop star to rise out of Belgium.	Leki	female
sex or gender	In 2005, a study led by a researcher at the British Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute suggested that Giocangga might be a direct male-line ancestor of over 1.5 million men, mostly in northeastern China.	Giocangga	male
sex or gender	Ursula Thiess (May 15, 1924 -- June 19, 2010) was a German film actress who had a brief Hollywood career in the 1950s Thiess began her career on the stage in her native Germany and by dubbing female voices in American films as Ursula Schmidt.	Ursula Thiess	female
sex or gender	Aleksandra Pileva Cadiev is an entertainer who is one of the most popular female rock musicians in the Republic of Macedonia.	Aleksandra Pileva	female
sex or gender	According to Jocelyn Wogan-Browne, ``more medieval vernacular lives (about Æthelthryth) were composed in England than any other native female saint''.	Æthelthryth	female
sex or gender	Gao Xinglong (born 12 March 1994) is a Chinese male track and field athlete who competes in the long jump.	Gao Xinglong	male
sex or gender	Lavina Washines (April 1, 1940 -- June 2, 2011) was the first female leader of the Yakama Nation, Washington, United States.	Lavina Washines	female
sex or gender	Jesper Garnell (born 22 April 1958 in Dalum, Odense) is a retired male lightweight boxer from Denmark, who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Jesper Garnell	male
sex or gender	Hamerschlag Hall, the home of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, as well as Hamerschlag House, an all-male Freshman dorm, at Carnegie Mellon are named after Arthur Hamerschlag.	Arthur Hamerschlag	male
sex or gender	Hernán Oscar Cortínez (born August 4, 1973 in Morón) is a male marathon runner from Argentina, who is a two-time winner of the Buenos Aires Marathon in his native country (2003 and 2004).	Oscar Cortínez	male
sex or gender	Aizhan Akilbayeva (born 13 September 1991) is a female water polo player of Kazakhstan.	Aizhan Akilbayeva	female
sex or gender	Yoshiteru Morishita (Japanese: 森下由輝; born May 26, 1971) is a retired male long-distance runner from Japan who mainly competed in the marathon race during his career.	Yoshiteru Morishita	male
sex or gender	Tamara Poliakova also written as Tamara Poljakowa or Tamara Polyakova (born 27 August 1960) is a retired Soviet Union and later Ukrainian female road and track cyclist.	Tamara Poliakova	female
spouse	Empress Xiaoquancheng (24 March 1808 -- 13 February 1840) was the third official spouse and second Empress Consort of the Daoguang Emperor of the Qing Dynasty.	Empress Xiaoquancheng	Daoguang Emperor
spouse	Lugalbanda appears in Sumerian literary sources as early as the mid-3rd millennium, as attested by a mythological text from Abu Salabikh that describes a romantic relationship between Lugalbanda and Ninsun.	Lugalbanda	Ninsun
spouse	Manini Mishra is married to actor Mihir Mishra, who has appeared as Dr Rahul in the popular serial Sanjivani (TV series).	Manini Mishra	Mihir Mishra
spouse	Kim Young-sook (Hangul: 김영숙; hanja: 金英淑, born 1947) was the first wife of Kim Jong-il.	Kim Young-sook	Kim Jong-il
spouse	In Islamic tradition, Eve is known as Adam's wife although she is not specifically named in the Qur'an.	Eve	Adam
spouse	Frances Anne Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough VA (15 April 1822 -- 16 April 1899) was an English noblewoman, the wife of British peer and statesman John Spencer-Churchill, 7th Duke of Marlborough.	Frances Anne Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough	John Spencer-Churchill, 7th Duke of Marlborough
spouse	Michael Pflug is the widower of German-born Canadian artist, Christiane Pflug.	Michael Pflug	Christiane Pflug
spouse	Tsendiin Dondogdulam (1876--1923) was the queen consort of Mongolia, married to Bogd Khan.	Tsendiin Dondogdulam	Bogd Khan
spouse	In 1928, Shukri al-Quwatli married Bahira al-Dalati, the 19-year-old daughter of nationalist Said al-Dalati, whom Quwatli met while in jail in 1916.	Shukri al-Quwatli	Bahira al-Dalati
spouse	Whakaawi (Maori pronunciation: (ɸakaaːwi)) was a Māori woman of high birth in both the Ngāti Te Wehi tribe and Ngāti Mahuta tribe, who was the senior wife of the chief Pōtatau Te Wherowhero, who died in 1860.	Whakaawi	Pōtatau Te Wherowhero
spouse	Eddie Albert's wife, the Mexican actress Margo, was well known in Hollywood for her far-left political leanings.	Eddie Albert	Margo
spouse	Empress Xiaogongren (Manchu: Hiyoošungga Gungnecuke Gosin Hūwangheo; 1660--1723) was a consort of the Kangxi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty.	Empress Xiaogongren	Kangxi Emperor
spouse	Esther Edwards Burr (February 13, 1732 in Northampton, Massachusetts - April 7, 1758 in Princeton, New Jersey) was the mother of U.S. Vice President Aaron Burr, Jr. and the wife of Princeton University President Aaron Burr, Sr. whom she married in 1752.	Esther Edwards Burr	Aaron Burr, Sr.
spouse	Elizabeth of Pomerania (c. 1347 -- 15 April 1393) was the fourth and final wife of Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor and king of Bohemia.	Elizabeth of Pomerania	Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor
spouse	Elizabeth Wilmot, Countess of Rochester (1651 -- 20 August 1681) was an English heiress and the wife of John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester, the ``libertine.''	Elizabeth Wilmot, Countess of Rochester	John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester
spouse	Anna Komorowska (born 11 May 1953), is a Polish Classical philologist, the First Lady of Poland and the wife of the President of Poland, Bronisław Komorowski.	Anna Komorowska	Bronisław Komorowski
spouse	Camille Doncieux (15 January 1847 -- 5 September 1879) was the first wife of French painter Claude Monet.	Camille Doncieux	Claude Monet
spouse	Kristiani Herrawati (also Mdm. Ani Yudhoyono, born 6 July 1952) is the wife of former Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and First Lady of Indonesia from 2004 until 2014	Kristiani Herrawati	Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono
spouse	Arminius had married a princess named Thusnelda, whose name is preserved only by Strabo.	Arminius	Thusnelda
spouse	Rose Edith Kelly (23 July 1874 -- 1932) married noted author, magician and occultist Aleister Crowley in 1903.	Rose Edith Kelly	Aleister Crowley
spouse	Mahalath (Hebrew מָחֲלַת, meaning either ``sickness'', ``a company of dancers'' or ``a harp'') was the third mentioned wife of Esau, a daughter of Ishmael and sister of Nebajoth.	Mahalath	Esau
spouse	Arvedui married Fíriel, daughter of King Ondoher of Gondor, who was killed in 1944.	Arvedui	Fíriel
spouse	Ingrid Ragnvaldsdotter (Old Norse: Ingiríðr Rögnvaldsdóttir) (1100/1110 -- after 1161 AD) was born a member of the Swedish royal family, became a member of Danish royalty by marriage and later was Queen consort of Norway as the spouse of Harald IV of Norway.	Ingrid Ragnvaldsdotter	Harald IV of Norway
spouse	Sun Nan has 4 children which 3 of them are from his ex-wife (Mai Hongmei), they have a big conflict in the custody of their children, and the lawsuit is still going on.	Sun Nan	Mai Hongmei
spouse	Elizabeth Grey, Countess of Kent (née Lady Elizabeth Talbot) (1582 -- 7 December 1651) was the wife of Henry Grey, 8th Earl of Kent.	Elizabeth Grey, Countess of Kent	Henry Grey, 8th Earl of Kent
spouse	Clive Holden is a Canadian new media artist, filmmaker and poet from Victoria, British Columbia, he is currently living in Toronto with his wife, writer Alissa York.	Clive Holden	Alissa York
spouse	Fawzia Fuad of Egypt (Arabic: الأميرة فوزية فؤاد‎, Persian: شاهدخت فوزیه فؤاد‎‎; 5 November 1921 -- 2 July 2013) was an Egyptian princess who became Queen of Iran as the first wife of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.	Fawzia Fuad of Egypt	Mohammad Reza Pahlavi
spouse	The painter Eleni Paschalidou-Zongolopoulou, wife of the sculptor George Zongolopoulos, was born at Modi, Asia Minor in 1909.	Eleni Paschalidou-Zongolopoulou	George Zongolopoulos
spouse	Börte (simply Borte, also Börte Üjin; Cyrillic: Бөртэ үжин; c. 1161--1230) was the first wife of Temüjin, who became Genghis Khan, the founder of the Mongol Empire.	Börte	Genghis Khan
spouse	Over a period of time, he gradually assumed the persona of Robert Capa (with the help of his girlfriend Gerda Taro, who acted as an intermediary with those who purchased the photos taken by the ``great American photographer, Robert Capa'').	Robert Capa	Gerda Taro
spouse	On April 26, 2013 Aga Khan IV announced the engagement of Prince Rahim Aga Khan, to Kendra Spears.	Rahim Aga Khan	Kendra Spears
spouse	Barangaroo was the second wife of Bennelong, who was interlocutor between the Aboriginal people and the early British colonists in New South Wales.	Barangaroo	Bennelong
spouse	This project was also the occasion for Skalp to introduce a new voice, Indila, that he presented during Vitaa's Planète Rap (first hip hop radio show in France) promo as an artist that he and his team developed.	Skalp	Indila
