author	The Hidden Family is the second book of Charles Stross' alternate history, science fiction series The Merchant Princes.	The Hidden Family	Charles Stross
author	The Upstairs Room is a 1972 Holocaust survivor autobiography by Johanna Reiss documenting her childhood in occupied Holland during the Nazi invasion.	The Upstairs Room	Johanna Reiss
author	Bel Ami is the second novel by French author Guy de Maupassant, published in 1885; an English translation titled Bel Ami, or, The History of a Scoundrel:	Bel Ami	Guy de Maupassant
author	Wonderful, Wonderful Times (German: Die Ausgesperrten) is a novel by Austrian writer Elfriede Jelinek, published in 1980 by Rowohlt Verlag.	Wonderful, Wonderful Times	Elfriede Jelinek
author	Young Thongor is a collection of short stories by fantasy author Lin Carter, with additional material by Robert M. Price, edited and with a foreword by Adrian Cole.	Young Thongor	Lin Carter	Robert M. Price
author	Meri Teri Uski Baat (Hindi: मेरी तेरी उसकी बात) is a novel written by Yashpal.	Meri Teri Uski Baat	Yashpal
author	An Essay on the Art of Ingeniously Tormenting was a conduct book written by Jane Collier and published in 1753.	An Essay on the Art of Ingeniously Tormenting	Jane Collier
author	El delantero centro fue asesinado al atardecer (1989) (English, Offside) is a novel from Manuel Vázquez Montalbán.	El delantero centro fue asesinado al atardecer	Manuel Vázquez Montalbán
author	Like a Speeding Youth (像少年啦飞驰, pinyin: Xiàng shàonián la fēichí) is a 2002 novel by Chinese writer Han Han.	Like a Speeding Youth	Han Han
author	The Seven Ancient Wonders (The Seven Deadly Wonders in the United States of America) is a book written by the Australian author Matthew Reilly in 2005.	Seven Ancient Wonders	Matthew Reilly
author	Women Beware Women is a Jacobean tragedy written by Thomas Middleton, and first published in 1657.	Women Beware Women	Thomas Middleton
author	Administrative Behavior: a Study of Decision-Making Processes in Administrative Organization is a book written by Herbert A. Simon (1916--2001).	Administrative Behavior	Herbert A. Simon
author	Letters to Ottla & the Family is a book collecting Franz Kafka's letters to his sister Ottla (Ottilie Davidová, née Kafka), as well as some letters to his parents Julie and Hermann Kafka.	Letters to Ottla	Franz Kafka
author	Skulptur (Yiddish: סקולפּטור‎, 'Sculpture') is a 1921 Yiddish language short book written by Joseph Chaikov.	Skulptur	Joseph Chaikov
author	Rhymes for the Nursery is a collection of English poems by sisters Jane and Ann Taylor, published in London in 1806.	Rhymes for the Nursery	Ann Taylor
author	Scenes from a Bourgeois Life is an autobiographical novel by the British author Alaric Jacob, first published in 1949.	Scenes from a Bourgeois Life	Alaric Jacob
author	``With Folded Hands ...'' is a 1947 science fiction novelette by Jack Williamson (1908--2006).	With Folded Hands	Jack Williamson
author	The Three Clerks (1857) is a novel by Anthony Trollope, set in the lower reaches of the Civil Service.	The Three Clerks	Anthony Trollope
author	Anastasia Absolutely (1995) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry.	Anastasia Absolutely	Lois Lowry
author	Talking to Dragons is a young adult fantasy novel, the fourth and final book in the Enchanted Forest Chronicles by Patricia Wrede, although it was published first, in 1985.	Talking to Dragons	Patricia Wrede
author	The Soliloquies of Augustine is a two-book document written by the 4th-century saint, Augustine of Hippo.	Soliloquies of Augustine	Augustine of Hippo
author	``The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock'', commonly known as ``Prufrock'', is a poem by American-British poet T. S. Eliot (1888--1965).	The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock	T. S. Eliot
author	The Conscience of a Liberal is a book written by economist and Nobel laureate Paul Krugman.	The Conscience of a Liberal	Paul Krugman
author	God Is My Broker (ISBN 0-375-50006-5) is a satirical book written by Christopher Buckley and John Tierney, published in 1998 by Random House which parodies self-help books, such as those of Deepak Chopra, whose works are particularly singled out.	God Is My Broker	Christopher Buckley	John Tierney
author	``The Duc de L'Omelette'' is a humorous short story by American writer Edgar Allan Poe.	The Duc de L'Omelette	Edgar Allan Poe
author	Ratman's Notebooks is a 1969 short novel by Stephen Gilbert.	Ratman's Notebooks	Stephen Gilbert
author	Mick Harte Was Here is a novella written by Barbara Park, which focuses on how Phoebe, a thirteen-year-old girl, copes with the death of her brother, Mick Harte, who was killed in a bicycle accident due to head injuries he received while not wearing his helmet.	Mick Harte Was Here	Barbara Park
author	On Canaan's Side is a 2011 novel written by Irish playwright and novelist Sebastian Barry.	On Canaan's Side	Sebastian Barry
author	Dreamspeaker is a novel by Canadian author Anne Cameron also known as Cam Hubert.	Dreamspeaker	Anne Cameron
author	The GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) is a free software license published by the Free Software Foundation (FSF).	GNU Lesser General Public License	Free Software Foundation
author	``Final Crisis'' is a crossover storyline that appeared in comic books published by DC Comics in 2008, primarily the seven-issue miniseries of the same name written by Grant Morrison.	Final Crisis	Grant Morrison
author	``Loop di Love'' is a schlager pop song written by German musicians Dieter Dierks and Michael Schepior.	Loop di Love	Dieter Dierks	Michael Schepior
author	Loading Mercury with a Pitchfork is Richard Brautigan's ninth poetry publication.	Loading Mercury with a Pitchfork	Richard Brautigan
author	Darkwalker on Moonshae is a fantasy novel by Douglas Niles and the first novel written for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.	Darkwalker on Moonshae	Douglas Niles
author	Born on the Fourth of July (ISBN 1-888451-78-5), published in 1976, is the best selling autobiography by Ron Kovic, a paralyzed Vietnam War veteran who became an anti-war activist.	Born on the Fourth of July	Ron Kovic
author	Sonnet 28 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare, it was first published in 1609.	Sonnet 28	William Shakespeare
author	A Contract with the Earth is a book by Newt Gingrich and Terry L. Maple, with a foreword by E. O. Wilson.	A Contract with the Earth	Newt Gingrich
author	Kanteletar is a collection of Finnish folk poetry compiled by Elias Lönnrot.	Kanteletar	Elias Lönnrot
author	The Baden-Baden Lesson on Consent (German: Badener Lehrstück vom Einverständnis) is a Lehrstück by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht, written in collaboration with Slatan Dudow and Elisabeth Hauptmann.	The Baden-Baden Lesson on Consent	Bertolt Brecht
author	A Passing Season is a 2002 award-winning historical novel written by Filipino author Azucena Grajo Uranza.	A Passing Season	Azucena Grajo Uranza
author	I Can Lick 30 Tigers Today! and Other Stories is a children's story book written by Dr. Seuss and first published in 1969.	I Can Lick 30 Tigers Today! and Other Stories	Dr. Seuss
author	The Adventures of Alyx is a 1976 collection of feminist science fiction stories by Joanna Russ.	The Adventures of Alyx	Joanna Russ
author	Blood Canticle is a 2003 novel by Anne Rice which incorporates the new characters from her novel Blackwood Farm with those from her previous Vampire Chronicles and Mayfair Witches series.	Blood Canticle	Anne Rice
author	Catherine, Called Birdy is the first children's novel written by Karen Cushman.	Catherine, Called Birdy	Karen Cushman
author	The Lyttelton/Hart-Davis Letters are a correspondence between two literary Englishmen, George Lyttelton (1883--1962) and Rupert Hart-Davis (1907--99), written between 1955 and Lyttelton's death, and published by Hart-Davis in six volumes between 1978 and 1984.	Lyttelton/Hart-Davis Letters	Rupert Hart-Davis
author	Mordant's Need is a fantasy two-part book series by Stephen R. Donaldson, comprising the novels The Mirror of Her Dreams (1986) and A Man Rides Through (1987).	Mordant's Need	Stephen R. Donaldson
author	The Coldest Winter Ever is a best-selling 1999 novel written by MC and activist Sister Souljah.	The Coldest Winter Ever	Sister Souljah
author	Karl Marx and the Close of His System (German: Zum Abschluss des Marxschen Systems) is a critique of Karl Marx's economic theories by Eugen Böhm von Bawerk, published in English translation in 1898.	Karl Marx and the Close of His System	Eugen Böhm von Bawerk
author	Varney the Vampire; or, the Feast of Blood is a Victorian era serialized gothic horror story by James Malcolm Rymer and Thomas Peckett Prest.	Varney the Vampire	James Malcolm Rymer
author	Theatricals is a book of two plays by Henry James published in 1894.	Theatricals	Henry James
author	Principia philosophiae cartesianae or Renati Descartes Principia Philosophiae, More Geometrico Demonstrata is a philosophical work of Baruch Spinoza published in Amsterdam in 1663.	Principia philosophiae cartesianae	Baruch Spinoza
author	Earth Unaware is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and Aaron Johnston in the Ender's Game series.	Earth Unaware	Orson Scott Card
author	The Stranger's Child (June 2011) is the fifth novel by Alan Hollinghurst.	The Stranger's Child	Alan Hollinghurst
author	I Miss You, I Miss You! (Swedish: Jag saknar dig, jag saknar dig!) is a novel by Swedish author Peter Pohl and Kinna Gieth (1992).	I Miss You, I Miss You!	Peter Pohl	Kinna Gieth
author	Notes from My Travels is a collection of journal excerpts kept by actress Angelina Jolie in 2001-2002 detailing her experiences travelling to troubled Third World regions in her role as a Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).	Notes from My Travels	Angelina Jolie
author	Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States is a three-volume work written by Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Joseph Story and published in 1833.	Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States	Joseph Story
author	The Divergent trilogy is a series of young adult science fiction adventure novels by Veronica Roth set in a post-apocalyptic dystopian Chicago.	Divergent trilogy	Veronica Roth
author	Dark Reflections is a novel by Samuel R. Delany, published in 2007 by Carroll & Graf, an imprint of Avalon Publishing Group.	Dark Reflections	Samuel R. Delany
author	The Husband is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz, released in 2006.	The Husband	Dean Koontz
author	Lenin's Testament is the name given to a document allegedly written by Vladimir Lenin in the last weeks of 1922 and the first week of 1923.	Lenin's Testament	Vladimir Lenin
author	Miguel Street is a collection of linked short stories by V. S. Naipaul set in wartime Trinidad and Tobago.	Miguel Street	V. S. Naipaul
author	Troll Mill is a children's fantasy novel written by Katherine Langrish, the second in the Troll Trilogy.	Troll Mill	Katherine Langrish
author	Kinderseele (``child-soul'') is a short story written by Hermann Hesse.	Kinderseele	Hermann Hesse
author	Les Âmes fortes (``the strong souls'') is a 1949 novel by the French writer Jean Giono.	Les Âmes fortes	Jean Giono
author	The Less Deceived, first published in 1955, was Philip Larkin's first mature collection of poetry, having been preceded by the derivative North Ship (1945) from The Fortune Press and a privately printed collection, a small pamphlet titled XX Poems, which Larkin mailed to literary critics and authors.	The Less Deceived	Philip Larkin
author	Sălaj County monograph (Hungarian: Szilágy vármegye monográfiája) is a book edited by Petri Mór.	Sălaj County monograph	Petri Mór
author	``The Professor of Practical Jokes'' is a literary fairy tale published in 1898 by British suffragist and author Evelyn Sharp (1829--1955).	The Professor of Practical Jokes	Evelyn Sharp
author	How Doctors Think is a book released in March 2007 by Jerome Groopman, the Dina and Raphael Recanati Chair of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, chief of experimental medicine at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston, and staff writer for The New Yorker magazine.	How Doctors Think	Jerome Groopman
author	``The Nameless City'' is a horror story written by H. P. Lovecraft in January 1921 and first published in the November 1921 issue of the amateur press journal The Wolverine.	The Nameless City	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Golem and the Jinni (known as The Golem and the Djinni in the United Kingdom) is a debut novel written by Helene Wecker, published by Harper in April 2013.	The Golem and the Jinni	Helene Wecker
author	Armoured Train 14-69 (Russian: Бронепоезд 14-69, Bronepoezd 14-69) is a 1927 Soviet play by Vsevolod Ivanov.	Armoured Train 14-69	Vsevolod Ivanov
author	``Is There for Honest Poverty'', commonly known as ``A Man's a Man for A' That'', is a 1795 Scots song by Robert Burns, famous for its expression of egalitarian ideas of society, which may be seen as expressing the ideas of liberalism that arose in the 18th century.	Is There for Honest Poverty	Robert Burns
author	Blade Runner (a movie) is a science fiction novella by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs, first published in 1979.	Blade Runner (a movie)	William S. Burroughs
author	A Causa das Coisas (ISBN 972-37-0274-6) is a Portuguese book written by Miguel Esteves Cardoso, published in 1986.	A Causa das Coisas	Miguel Esteves Cardoso
author	It was proposed by political scientist Samuel P. Huntington in a 1992 lecture at the American Enterprise Institute, which was then developed in a 1993 Foreign Affairs article titled ``The Clash of Civilizations?'', in response to his former student Francis Fukuyama's 1992 book, The End of History and the Last Man.	Clash of Civilizations	Samuel P. Huntington
author	Red Rocket 7 is a seven-issue comic book limited series by Mike Allred, published in 1997 by Dark Horse Comics.	Red Rocket 7	Mike Allred
author	The Psychology of the Psychic is a skeptical analysis of some of the most publicized cases of parapsychological research by psychologists David Marks and Richard Kammann.	The Psychology of the Psychic	David Marks
author	Boyracers is the debut novel of Scottish writer Alan Bissett.	Boyracers	Alan Bissett
author	One Man, One Matchet is Nigeriann author T. M. Aluko, published in 1964 as the 11th book in the Heinemann African Writers Series.	One Man, One Matchet	T. M. Aluko
author	``The Vane Sisters'' is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov, written in March 1951.	The Vane Sisters	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Last Orders is a 1996 Booker Prize-winning novel by British writer Graham Swift.	Last Orders	Graham Swift
author	A Wizard of Earthsea is a young-adult fantasy novel written by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin, first published by the small press Parnassus in 1968.	A Wizard of Earthsea	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	Notes from a Coma is a postmodern science fiction novel by Mike McCormack.	Notes from a Coma	Mike McCormack
author	The Discourse on the Method (French: Discours de la méthode) is a philosophical and autobiographical treatise published by René Descartes in 1637.	Discourse on the Method	René Descartes
author	Night Sky Mine is a 1997 science fiction novel by Melissa Scott set in a future after computer programs have run amok.	Night Sky Mine	Melissa Scott
author	The Pursuit of Laughter is a 2008 collection of diaries, articles, reviews and portraits by Diana Mitford.	The Pursuit of Laughter	Diana Mitford
author	Dragon and Slave is the third volume of Timothy Zahn's Dragonback series, following Dragon and Thief and Dragon and Soldier.	Dragon and Slave	Timothy Zahn
author	Paolo il caldo (in English: Hot Paolo) is a novel by Vitaliano Brancati, and also of a 1974 Italian film based on that novel.	Paolo il caldo	Vitaliano Brancati
author	Who Goes There? and Other Stories is a 1955 collection of science fiction stories by John W. Campbell Jr., published by Dell Books in 1955.	Who Goes There? and Other Stories	John W. Campbell
author	The Fellowship of the Ring is the first of three volumes of the epic novel The Lord of the Rings by the English author J. R. R. Tolkien.	The Fellowship of the Ring	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	The Tale of Benjamin Bunny is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter, and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in September 1904.	The Tale of Benjamin Bunny	Beatrix Potter
author	The Little Walls is a crime novel by Winston Graham.	The Little Walls	Winston Graham
author	Seiobo There Below (Hungarian: Seiobo járt odalent) is a 2008 novel by the Hungarian writer László Krasznahorkai.	Seiobo There Below	László Krasznahorkai
author	Witch of the Four Winds is a fantasy novel by John Jakes featuring his sword and sorcery hero Brak the Barbarian.	Witch of the Four Winds	John Jakes
author	The Futurological Congress (Polish: Kongres futurologiczny) is a 1971 black humour science fiction novel by Stanisław Lem detailing the exploits of the hero of a number of his books, Ijon Tichy, as he visits the Eighth World Futurological Congress at a Hilton Hotel in Costa Rica.	The Futurological Congress	Stanisław Lem
author	Alamein to Zem Zem is a military memoir of the Western Desert campaign of World War II written by the British soldier-poet Keith Douglas shortly before his death in action in Normandy in June 1944.	Alamein to Zem Zem	Keith Douglas
author	The Beaufort Sisters is a 1979 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about four wealthy sisters from Kansas.	The Beaufort Sisters	Jon Cleary
author	Movement of Animals (or On the Motion of Animals; Greek Περὶ ζῴων κινήσεως; Latin De Motu Animalium) is a text by Aristotle on the general principles of motion in animals.	Movement of Animals	Aristotle
author	The Organon (Greek: Ὄργανον, meaning ``instrument, tool, organ'') is the standard collection of Aristotle's six works on logic.	Organon	Aristotle
author	Seduction of the Minotaur is an autobiographical novel by the mixed nationality writer Anaïs Nin, the last part of her Cities of the Interior sequence.	Seduction of the Minotaur	Anaïs Nin
author	Runelight is a 2011 fantasy novel by Joanne Harris and is the second in her RUNE series, following her previous novel, Runemarks.	Runelight	Joanne Harris
author	Asimov on Science Fiction (ISBN 0-586-05840-0) is a 1981 non-fiction work by Isaac Asimov.	Asimov on Science Fiction	Isaac Asimov
author	The Ambassadors is a 1903 novel by Henry James, originally published as a serial in the North American Review (NAR).	The Ambassadors	Henry James
author	Drömfakulteten (lit. The Dream Faculty) is a 2006 novel by the Swedish writer Sara Stridsberg.	Drömfakulteten	Sara Stridsberg
author	History of a Six Weeks' Tour through a part of France, Switzerland, Germany, and Holland; with Letters Descriptive of a Sail Round the Lake of Geneva and of the Glaciers of Chamouni is a travel narrative by the English Romantic authors Mary Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.	History of a Six Weeks' Tour	Mary Shelley	Percy Bysshe Shelley
author	A Million Miles in a Thousand Years, subtitled ``What I Learned While Editing My Life'', is the sixth book by Donald Miller.	A Million Miles in a Thousand Years	Donald Miller
author	A Hole in Space (U.K. edition ISBN 0-86007-853-1) is a collection of 9 science fiction short stories and one essay, all by Larry Niven, published in 1974.	A Hole in Space	Larry Niven
author	Deadman's first appearance in Strange Adventures #205, written by Arnold Drake and drawn by Carmine Infantino, included the first known depiction of narcotics in a story approved by the Comics Code Authority.	Strange Adventures	Arnold Drake
author	Out Stealing Horses (Norwegian: Ut og stjæle hester) is a 2003 Norwegian novel by Per Petterson.	Out Stealing Horses	Per Petterson
author	Batman and Me (1989) (with Tom Andrae) is the autobiography of comic book illustrator and writer Bob Kane, the co-creator of Batman.	Batman and Me	Bob Kane
author	The Resurrectionists is a 2000 horror novel by Kim Wilkins.	The Resurrectionists	Kim Wilkins
author	The Fragility of Goodness is a philosophical book by Martha Nussbaum, which deals with philosophical topics such as the meaning of life by seeking the dialogue with ancient philosophers, such as Aristotle, to whom Nussbaum pays much attention in many of her other works as well.	The Fragility of Goodness	Martha Nussbaum
author	The Peace War is a science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge, about authoritarianism and technological progress.	The Peace War	Vernor Vinge
author	Through the Valley is a novel by Robert Henriques, published in 1950, about the decline of an English country house, Neapcaster Park, before and after World War II. The book follows the growing up of three boys:	Through the Valley	Robert Henriques
author	The Secret Magdalene, American Ki Longfellow's third book, was published in 2005.	The Secret Magdalene	Ki Longfellow
author	Fermina Márquez is a short novel in twenty chapters written by French writer Valery Larbaud.	Fermina Márquez	Valery Larbaud
author	Written by author Matt Birkbeck, A Beautiful Child spurred numerous web sites dedicated to finding Sharon's true identity.	A Beautiful Child	Matt Birkbeck
author	The Roads to Sata, written in 1985 by Alan Booth (1946-1993), tells the story of his journey in 1977, on foot, from Cape Soya in Hokkaidō, the northernmost point of Japan, to Sata, the southernmost point of Japan.	The Roads to Sata	Alan Booth
author	A Pretext for War: 9/11, Iraq, and the Abuse of America's Intelligence Agencies is a 2004 book by journalist James Bamford that takes a highly critical view of the events around 9/11 and the subsequent Iraq War.	A Pretext for War	James Bamford
author	``The Duchess and the Jeweller'' (1938) is a short story by Virginia Woolf.	The Duchess and the Jeweller	Virginia Woolf
author	The Way to Happiness is a 1980 booklet written by science-fiction author and Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard listing 21 moral precepts, and distributed by The Way to Happiness Foundation International, a Scientology-related non-profit organization founded in 1984.	The Way to Happiness	L. Ron Hubbard
author	Memoirs of My Life and Writings (1796) is an account of the historian Edward Gibbon's life, compiled after his death by his friend Lord Sheffield from six fragmentary autobiographical works Gibbon wrote during his last years.	Memoirs of My Life and Writings	Edward Gibbon
author	Half Girlfriend is an Indian English coming of age, young adult romance novel by Indian author Chetan Bhagat.	Half Girlfriend	Chetan Bhagat
author	Iracema (in portuguese: Iracema - A Lenda do Ceará) is one of the three indigenous novels by José de Alencar.	Iracema	José de Alencar
author	In the Land of Pain is a collection of notes by Alphonse Daudet chronicling the pain and suffering he experienced from tabes dorsalis, its effects on his relationships with friends, family, and other people, and the various drugs he took and physical treatments he underwent in his fight against the disease.	In the Land of Pain	Alphonse Daudet
author	``To His Coy Mistress'' is a metaphysical poem written by the English author and politician Andrew Marvell (1621--1678) either during or just before the English Interregnum (1649--60).	To His Coy Mistress	Andrew Marvell
author	The Last Book in the Universe (2000) is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Rodman Philbrick.	The Last Book in the Universe	Rodman Philbrick
author	CDC? is a children's puzzle book written and illustrated by author and cartoonist William Steig.	CDC?	William Steig
author	The Third Pandemic is a hard science fiction novel by Pierre Ouellette.	The Third Pandemic	Pierre Ouellette
author	Van de koele meren des doods (translated in English as The Deeps of Deliverance or Hedwig's Journey, literally Of the cold lakes of death) is a Dutch novel by Frederik van Eeden, first published in 1900.	Van de koele meren des doods	Frederik van Eeden
author	The Neon Bible is John Kennedy Toole's first novel, written at the age of 16.	The Neon Bible	John Kennedy Toole
author	The Gene Wars universe is a fictional universe developed by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.	The Gene Wars universe	C. J. Cherryh
author	The Bridge over the River Kwai (French: Le Pont de la Rivière Kwai) is a novel by the French novelist Pierre Boulle, published in French in 1952 and English translation by Xan Fielding in 1954.	The Bridge over the River Kwai	Pierre Boulle
author	``Jackals and Arabs'' (German: ``Schakale und Araber'') is a short story by Franz Kafka, written and published in 1917.	Jackals and Arabs	Franz Kafka
author	Last Go Round (1994) is a novel written by Ken Kesey and Ken Babbs.	Last Go Round	Ken Kesey	Ken Babbs
author	Heidegger Gesamtausgabe is the term for the collected works of German philosopher Martin Heidegger, edited by Vittorio Klostermann.	Heidegger Gesamtausgabe	Martin Heidegger
author	The Best Awful There Is, or sometimes titled The Best Awful, is a novel by actress and author Carrie Fisher that was published in 2004.	The Best Awful There Is	Carrie Fisher
author	Juedai Shuangjiao, rarely translated in English titles, like Two Peerless Heroes, is a wuxia novel by Gu Long.	Juedai Shuangjiao	Gu Long
author	The Music of Chance (1990) is an absurdist novel by Paul Auster.	The Music of Chance	Paul Auster
author	Strega Nona is an original children's book written and illustrated by Tomie dePaola.	Strega Nona	Tomie dePaola
author	Things Hoped For is a young adult book by Andrew Clements.	Things Hoped For	Andrew Clements
author	2 B R 0 2 B is a science fiction short story by Kurt Vonnegut, originally published in the digest magazine Worlds of If Science Fiction, January 1962, and collected in Vonnegut's Bagombo Snuff Box (1999).	2 B R 0 2 B	Kurt Vonnegut
author	It's Getting Later All the Time (Italian: Si sta facendo sempre più tardi) is a 2001 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi.	It's Getting Later All the Time	Antonio Tabucchi
author	The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns is a fantasy book by Brian Jacques, published in 2004.	The Ribbajack	Brian Jacques
author	The Dark Crusade is the fourth book in a series by Walter H. Hunt, first published in 2005.	The Dark Crusade	Walter H. Hunt
author	``An Examination of the Work of Herbert Quain'' (original Spanish title: ``Examen de la obra de Herbert Quain'') is a 1941 short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges.	An Examination of the Work of Herbert Quain	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Three Strong Women (French: Trois Femmes puissantes) (2009) is a novel by the French writer Marie NDiaye.	Three Strong Women	Marie NDiaye
author	Dragon Sword and Wind Child (ISBN 0-374-30466-1) is the first book of award-winning fantasy writer Noriko Ogiwara.	Dragon Sword and Wind Child	Noriko Ogiwara
author	The Liars' Club is the childhood memoir of American author Mary Karr.	The Liars' Club	Mary Karr
author	Killings is a short tale written by Andre Dubus in 1979.	Killings	Andre Dubus
author	Ten Days That Shook the World (1919) is a book by American journalist and socialist John Reed about the October Revolution in Russia in 1917, which Reed experienced firsthand.	Ten Days That Shook the World	John Reed
author	Impossible Monsters is a horror anthology featuring the editing debut by actress and musician Kasey Lansdale.	Impossible Monsters	Kasey Lansdale
author	The Technopriests is an eight-issue comic book limited series created by writer Alejandro Jodorowsky, artist Zoran Janjetov, and colorist Fred Beltran.	The Technopriests	Alejandro Jodorowsky
author	One and the Universe (Spanish: Uno y el Universo) is an essay by Argentinian writer Ernesto Sabato.	One and the Universe	Ernesto Sabato
author	The Big War is the second novel of Anton Myrer, published by Appleton-Century-Crofts in 1957.	The Big War	Anton Myrer
author	Les Enfants Terribles is a 1929 novel by Jean Cocteau, published by Editions Bernard Grasset.	Les Enfants Terribles	Jean Cocteau
author	Lions of Medina is a book written by historian Doyle Glass, first published by Coleche Press on May 1, 2007 and subsequently by NAL Caliber (Penguin) on July 1, 2008.	Lions of Medina	Doyle Glass
author	Sam's Letters to Jennifer is a novel written by James Patterson, published in 2004.	Sam's Letters to Jennifer	James Patterson
author	At Mrs. Lippincote's is a 1945 novel by Elizabeth Taylor.	At Mrs. Lippincote's	Elizabeth Taylor
author	Probuditi! is a 2006 children's book written and illustrated by American author Chris Van Allsburg.	Probuditi!	Chris Van Allsburg
author	I, Claudius (1934) is a novel by English writer Robert Graves, written in the form of an autobiography of the Roman Emperor Claudius.	I, Claudius	Robert Graves
author	Hamlet and the New Poetic is a 1983 book of literary criticism on James Joyce, T. S. Eliot and Hamlet by American professor William H. Quillian.	Hamlet and the New Poetic	William H. Quillian
author	The First Counsel is a novel written by Brad Meltzer about a young White House Attorney who becomes ensnared in a deadly conspiracy after he gets close to the President's daughter.	The First Counsel	Brad Meltzer
author	Mendoza in Hollywood is the third novel in the science fiction and time travel series by Kage Baker, concerning the activities of The Company.	Mendoza in Hollywood	Kage Baker
author	Windy McPherson's Son is a 1916 novel by American author Sherwood Anderson.	Windy McPherson's Son	Sherwood Anderson
author	The Clothes on Their Backs is a novel by Linda Grant that was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize in 2008 and recipient of an Orange Prize.	The Clothes on Their Backs	Linda Grant
author	A Business Career is a novel by African-American author Charles Chesnutt that features the life of a ``new woman'' of the late 19th century; she enters the world of business instead of embracing the tradition roles of women.	A Business Career	Charles Chesnutt
author	Vanishing Points (1992) is a novel by Australian author Thea Astley.	Vanishing Points	Thea Astley
author	The Thraliana was a diary kept by Hester Thrale and is part of the genre known as table talk.	Thraliana	Hester Thrale
author	The Demon Princes is a five-book series of science fiction novels by Jack Vance, which cumulatively relate the story of one Kirth Gersen as he exacts his revenge on five notorious criminals, collectively known as the Demon Princes, who carried the people of his village off into slavery during his childhood.	Demon Princes	Jack Vance
author	``Our Fair City'' is a fantasy short story by Robert A. Heinlein, originally printed in Weird Tales, January 1949.	Our Fair City	Robert A. Heinlein
author	No Fond Return of Love is a novel by Barbara Pym, first published in 1961.	No Fond Return of Love	Barbara Pym
author	HERmione, is an autobiographical novel written by imagist poet H.D..	HERmione	H.D.
author	The Facetious Nights of Straparola (1550-1555; Italian: Le piacevoli notti), also known as The Nights of Straparola, is a two-volume collection of 75 stories by Italian author and fairy-tale collector Giovanni Francesco Straparola.	The Facetious Nights of Straparola	Giovanni Francesco Straparola
author	Les Poissons rouges ou Mon père ce héros is a play by French dramatist Jean Anouilh.	Les Poissons rouges ou Mon père ce héros	Jean Anouilh
author	Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger is a 1995 children's book by American author Louis Sachar, and the third book in his Sideways Stories From Wayside School series.	Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger	Louis Sachar
author	Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament was edited by G. K. Beale and D. A. Carson, and published by Baker Books in 2007.	Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament	D. A. Carson
author	The Complete Plain Words, titled simply Plain Words in its 2014 revision, is a style guide written by Ernest Gowers, published in 1954.	The Complete Plain Words	Ernest Gowers
author	Hulked Out Heroes is a 2-issue comic book crossover mini-series, written by Jeff Parker and published by Marvel Comics in June 2010.	Hulked Out Heroes	Jeff Parker
author	Exercitatio Anatomica de Motu Cordis et Sanguinis in Animalibus (Latin for ``An Anatomical Exercise on the Motion of the Heart and Blood in Living Beings''), commonly called De Motu Cordis, is the best-known work of the physician William Harvey.	Exercitatio Anatomica de Motu Cordis et Sanguinis in Animalibus	William Harvey
author	Paul of Dune is a 2008 science fiction novel written by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson, set in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert.	Paul of Dune	Brian Herbert	Kevin J. Anderson
author	In the Country of Last Things is a dystopian epistolary novel written by American author Paul Auster and first published in 1987.	In the Country of Last Things	Paul Auster
author	Why I Will Never Ever Ever Ever Have Enough Time to Read This Book is a 2000 children's picture book by Remy Charlip.	Why I Will Never Ever Ever Ever Have Enough Time to Read This Book	Remy Charlip
author	Żywoty świętych starego i nowego zakonu (Lives of the Saints from the Old and New Testaments) is a hagiography by Polish Jesuit Piotr Skarga (written in 1577, first published in 1579).	Żywoty świętych	Piotr Skarga
author	A Devil's Chaplain, subtitled Reflections on Hope, Lies, Science, and Love is a 2003 book of selected essays and other writings by Richard Dawkins.	A Devil's Chaplain	Richard Dawkins
author	Blue Eyes, Black Hair (French: Les Yeux bleus cheveux noirs) is a 1986 novel by the French writer Marguerite Duras.	Blue Eyes, Black Hair	Marguerite Duras
author	Death in Midsummer and other stories is a 1953 collection of stories by Yukio Mishima translated into English in 1966.	Death in Midsummer and other stories	Yukio Mishima
author	Bonjour Tristesse (French: ``Hello Sadness'') is a novel by Françoise Sagan.	Bonjour Tristesse	Françoise Sagan
author	The Encyclopedia of Dragons (Romanian: Enciclopedia zmeilor) is a 2002 book by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu, with illustrations by Tudor Banus.	The Encyclopedia of Dragons	Mircea Cărtărescu
author	The Old New Land (German: Altneuland; Hebrew: תֵּל־אָבִיב Tel Aviv, ``Mound of spring'') is a utopian novel published by Theodor Herzl, the founder of political Zionism, in 1902.	The Old New Land	Theodor Herzl
author	Vägmärken (Markings), published in 1963, is the only book of former UN secretary general, Dag Hammarskjöld.	Vägmärken	Dag Hammarskjöld
author	The Golden Keel is the debut novel by English author Desmond Bagley, first published in 1963.	The Golden Keel	Desmond Bagley
author	A House is Built (1929) is the first novel of M. Barnard Eldershaw, the joint pseudonym of Marjorie Barnard and Flora Eldershaw.	A House is Built	M. Barnard Eldershaw
author	The Honourable Schoolboy (1977) is a spy novel by John le Carré.	The Honourable Schoolboy	John le Carré
author	Inside the Atom is a popular science book by American author Isaac Asimov.	Inside the Atom	Isaac Asimov
author	The Saint Zita Society is the 62nd novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell, a standalone novel not part of her popular Inspector Wexford series.	The Saint Zita Society	Ruth Rendell
author	The Great Crash, 1929 is a book written by John Kenneth Galbraith and published in 1955; it is an economic history of the lead-up to the Wall Street Crash of 1929.	The Great Crash, 1929	John Kenneth Galbraith
author	Mr. Monster is a 2010 young adult thriller novel, the sequel to I Am Not a Serial Killer by author Dan Wells.	Mr. Monster	Dan Wells
author	The Hebrew Goddess is a 1967 book by Jewish historian and anthropologist Raphael Patai.	The Hebrew Goddess	Raphael Patai
author	The Meaning of Liff (UK Edition: ISBN 0-330-28121-6, US Edition: ISBN 0-517-55347-3) is a humorous dictionary of toponymy and etymology, written by Douglas Adams and John Lloyd, published in the United Kingdom in 1983 and the United States in 1984.	The Meaning of Liff	Douglas Adams	John Lloyd
author	The Price of Salt (later republished under the title Carol) is a 1952 romance novel by Patricia Highsmith, first published under the pseudonym ``Claire Morgan''.	The Price of Salt	Patricia Highsmith
author	Strangers and Brothers is a series of novels by C. P. Snow, published between 1940 and 1970.	Strangers and Brothers	C. P. Snow
author	Good Bones and Simple Murders is a book by Canadian author Margaret Atwood, originally published in 1994.	Good Bones and Simple Murders	Margaret Atwood
author	Over the Wine Dark Sea is a historical novel by H.N. Turteltaub (a pseudonym of Harry Turtledove), first published by Forge Books in November 2001.	Over the Wine Dark Sea	Harry Turtledove
author	Elidor is a children's fantasy novel by the British author Alan Garner, published by Collins in 1965.	Elidor	Alan Garner
author	Stainless Longganisa is a semi-autobiographical book written by Bob Ong, his fifth published work.	Stainless Longganisa	Bob Ong
author	Tree of Codes is an artwork, in the form of a book, created by Jonathan Safran Foer, and published in 2010.	Tree of Codes	Jonathan Safran Foer
author	The Hainish Cycle consists of a number of science fiction novels and stories by Ursula K. Le Guin.	Hainish Cycle	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	Yellow Fog is a horror novel by Les Daniels.	Yellow Fog	Les Daniels
author	Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion is a philosophical work by the Scottish philosopher David Hume.	Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion	David Hume
author	Smoke in the Forest (Dym v lesu, Дым в лесу) is a short story by the Soviet children's writer Arkady Gaidar, first published in No.2, February 1939 issue of Pioneer magazine.	Smoke in the Forest	Arkady Gaidar
author	Ruddigore; or, The Witch's Curse, originally called Ruddygore, is a comic opera in two acts, with music by Arthur Sullivan and libretto by W. S. Gilbert.	Ruddigore	Arthur Sullivan	W. S. Gilbert
author	The Idea of Perfection is a 1999 novel by Australian author Kate Grenville.	The Idea of Perfection	Kate Grenville
author	The Winthrop Woman is Anya Seton's 1958 historical novel about Elizabeth Fones, the niece and daughter-in-law of John Winthrop, the first governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony.	The Winthrop Woman	Anya Seton
author	The Secrets of Harry Bright is the seventh novel written by former Los Angeles Police Department detective Joseph Wambaugh.	The Secrets of Harry Bright	Joseph Wambaugh
author	A Tale of a Tub was the first major work written by Jonathan Swift, arguably his most difficult satire and perhaps his most masterly.	A Tale of a Tub	Jonathan Swift
author	The Ancient City (La Cité antique), published in 1864, is the most famous book of the French historian Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges (1830-1889).	La Cité antique	Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges
author	In Other Worlds is a 1985 novel by A. A. Attanasio, the second in his Radix Tetrad.	In Other Worlds	A. A. Attanasio
author	The Restoration Game is a 2010 science fiction/techno-thriller novel by Ken MacLeod.	The Restoration Game	Ken MacLeod
author	Goodnight Desdemona (Good Morning Juliet) is a 1988 comedic play by Ann-Marie MacDonald in which Constance Ledbelly, a young English literature professor from Queen's University, goes on a subconscious journey of self-discovery.	Goodnight Desdemona (Good Morning Juliet)	Ann-Marie MacDonald
author	The Discovery of Global Warming is a book by the physicist and historian Spencer R. Weart published in 2003; revised and updated edition, 2008.	The Discovery of Global Warming	Spencer R. Weart
author	Our Lady of Darkness (1977) by Fritz Leiber is an urban fantasy.	Our Lady of Darkness	Fritz Leiber
author	Your Lie in April, known in Japan as Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso (四月は君の嘘, lit. April is Your Lie) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoshi Arakawa.	Your Lie in April	Naoshi Arakawa
author	The Man-eaters of Tsavo is a book written by John Henry Patterson in 1907 that recounts his experiences while overseeing the construction of a railroad bridge in what would become Kenya.	The Man-eaters of Tsavo	John Henry Patterson
author	The Adventures of Johnny Bunko: the Last Career Guide You'll Ever Need is a book written by Daniel H. Pink, author of Free Agent Nation, A Whole New Mind and Drive:	The Adventures of Johnny Bunko	Daniel H. Pink
author	Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind (Japanese: 風の谷のナウシカ Hepburn: Kaze no Tani no Naushika) is a manga by Japanese anime director Hayao Miyazaki that ran from 1982 to 1994.	Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind	Hayao Miyazaki
author	Mortalis is a novel that spans the gap between the first and second DemonWars Saga trilogies by R. A. Salvatore.	Mortalis	R. A. Salvatore
author	Death of a Cad is a mystery novel by M. C. Beaton (Marion Chesney), first published in 1987.	Death of a Cad	Marion Chesney
author	The Landry News is a children's book by Andrew Clements first published in the United States in 1999 by Aladdin.	The Landry News	Andrew Clements
author	Fantomina; or Love in a Maze is a novel by Eliza Haywood published in 1725.	Fantomina	Eliza Haywood
author	Papa Sartre is a famous Arabic novel by Iraqi writer Ali Bader, it was originally published in Arabic in Beirut, 2001, and met warmly by the cultural critics and Intellectuals in Arabic world.	Papa Sartre	Ali Bader
author	The Old Capital (translated English title of the Japanese Koto 古都, which refers to the city Kyoto 京都) is a novel by Yasunari Kawabata originally published in 1962.	The Old Capital	Yasunari Kawabata
author	The Taking of the Gry is a novel by John Masefield published in 1934, and set in the fictional Central or South American state of Santa Barbara, also the setting for Odtaa, Sard Harker, and part of The Midnight Folk.	The Taking of the Gry	John Masefield
author	A Countess Below Stairs is a 1981 British historical romance novel by Eva Ibbotson.	A Countess Below Stairs	Eva Ibbotson
author	Discourse about the Provision of Money (Italian: Discorso sopra la provisione del danaro) is a 1502 work by Italian political scientist and writer Niccolò Machiavelli.	Discourse about the Provision of Money	Niccolò Machiavelli
author	Witness to the Future is a novel written by Danish author Klaus Rifbjerg in 1981.	Witness to the Future	Klaus Rifbjerg
author	Wicked Lovely is a young adult/urban fantasy novel by author Melissa Marr.	Wicked Lovely	Melissa Marr
author	``Ullward's Retreat'' is a science fiction novelette written by Jack Vance and first published in the December 1958 issue of Galaxy magazine.	Ullward's Retreat	Jack Vance
author	Boys and Girls Together is a 1964 novel by William Goldman.	Boys and Girls Together	William Goldman
author	My Shit Life So Far is a comedic observational autobiography by comedian and topical panelist Frankie Boyle.	My Shit Life So Far	Frankie Boyle
author	Rinconete y Cortadillo (or Novela de Rinconete y Cortadillo) is one of the twelve short stories included in Novelas Ejemplares, by Spanish writer Miguel de Cervantes.	Rinconete y Cortadillo	Miguel de Cervantes
author	The Evidence of Things Not Seen is a 1985 nonfiction book by James Baldwin about the Wayne Williams Atlanta child murders of 1979-1981.	The Evidence of Things Not Seen	James Baldwin
author	High Justice is a 1974 collection of science fiction short stories by American writer Jerry Pournelle.	High Justice	Jerry Pournelle
author	The War God's Own (published 1999, ISBN 0-671-87873-5) is the second novel in the fantasy War God series by David Weber.	The War God's Own	David Weber
author	The Conversations at Curlow Creek is a historical novel written by the prominent Australian author David Malouf.	The Conversations at Curlow Creek	David Malouf
author	No Less Than Victory (2009) is the third novel of a trilogy by Jeff Shaara based on certain theaters of World War II. It was published on November 3, 2009.	No Less Than Victory	Jeff Shaara
author	The Blood Opera Sequence is a thriller novel series by Tanith Lee.	The Blood Opera Sequence	Tanith Lee
author	A Case of Need is a mystery novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym Jeffery Hudson.	A Case of Need	Michael Crichton
author	P.S. Your Cat Is Dead is a novel by James Kirkwood, Jr., original published in 1972, adapted from his play.	P.S. Your Cat Is Dead	James Kirkwood, Jr.
author	The Dark Side of Nowhere is a children's book written by Neal Shusterman and published by Little Brown and Company in 1997.	The Dark Side of Nowhere	Neal Shusterman
author	The Wordy Shipmates is the fifth book by the American social commentator Sarah Vowell, published in October 2008.	The Wordy Shipmates	Sarah Vowell
author	A Necessary End is the third novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels.	A Necessary End	Peter Robinson
author	Difficult Loves (Italian: Gli amori difficili) is a 1970 short story collection by Italo Calvino.	Difficult Loves	Italo Calvino
author	The Night I Freed John Brown (2008) is a young adult literary novel by John Michael Cummings about growing up in historic Harpers Ferry, West Virginia in the 1970s.	The Night I Freed John Brown	John Michael Cummings
author	Princess Diana's Revenge is a novel written by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti and self-published in 2006, under the imprint ``Tallis House'', which is the name used by de Larrabeiti for publishing his own works.	Princess Diana's Revenge	Michael de Larrabeiti
author	Thieves of Blood is a novel, written by author Tim Waggoner and published in 2006.	Thieves of Blood	Tim Waggoner
author	Klingsor's Last Summer is a novella by Hermann Hesse.	Klingsor's Last Summer	Hermann Hesse
author	Letters on the English (or Letters Concerning the English Nation; French: Lettres philosophiques) is a series of essays written by Voltaire based on his experiences living in England between 1726 and 1729 (though from 1707 the country was part of the Kingdom of Great Britain).	Letters on the English	Voltaire
author	De genio Socratis is a work by Plutarch, part of his collection of works entitled Moralia.	De genio Socratis	Plutarch
author	The Origins of Virtue (ISBN 0-670-86357-2, ISBN 0-670-87449-3, ISBN 0-14-024404-2) is a 1996 popular science book by Matt Ridley, which has been recognised as a classic in its field.	The Origins of Virtue	Matt Ridley
author	The Novum Organum, full original title Novum Organum Scientiarum (``new instrument of science''), is a philosophical work by Francis Bacon, written in Latin and published in 1620.	Novum Organum	Francis Bacon
author	Slow Man is a 2005 novel by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee, and concerns a man who must learn to adapt after losing a leg in a road accident.	Slow Man	J. M. Coetzee
author	Three Guineas is a book-length essay by Virginia Woolf, published in June 1938.	Three Guineas	Virginia Woolf
author	For Owen is a poem by Stephen King first published in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.	For Owen	Stephen King
author	The Looming Fog is the 2006 debut novel by the Nigerian writer, Rosemary Esehagu.	The Looming Fog	Rosemary Esehagu
author	The Minimanual of the Urban Guerrilla (Portuguese: Minimanual do Guerrilheiro Urbano) is a book written by Brazilian guerrilla fighter Carlos Marighella in 1969.	Minimanual of the Urban Guerrilla	Carlos Marighella
author	After Miss Julie is a play by Patrick Marber which relocates August Strindberg's naturalist tragedy, Miss Julie (1888), to an English country house in July 1945.	After Miss Julie	Patrick Marber
author	Mornings in Mexico is a collection of travel essays by D. H. Lawrence, first published by Martin Secker in 1927.	Mornings in Mexico	D. H. Lawrence
author	The Faraway Drums is a 1981 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about an American journalist and British intelligence officer who try to stop the assassination of King George V at the 1911 Delhi Durbar.	The Faraway Drums	Jon Cleary
author	Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze is a book by Elizabeth Foreman Lewis that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1933.	Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze	Elizabeth Foreman Lewis
author	The Street of Crocodiles (Polish: Sklepy cynamonowe, lit. ``Cinnamon Shops'') is a 1934 collection of short stories written by Bruno Schulz.	The Street of Crocodiles	Bruno Schulz
author	The Thanatos Syndrome (1987) was Walker Percy's last novel.	The Thanatos Syndrome	Walker Percy
author	As She Climbed Across the Table is a 1997 novel by the American writer Jonathan Lethem.	As She Climbed Across the Table	Jonathan Lethem
author	``Old Bugs'' is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft, probably written shortly before July 1919.	Old Bugs	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Aniara (Swedish: Aniara : en revy om människan i tid och rum) is a poem of science fiction written by Swedish Nobel laureate Harry Martinson in 1956.	Aniara	Harry Martinson
author	Science and Sorcery is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction stories edited by Garret Ford (a pseudonym for William L. Crawford).	Science and Sorcery	William L. Crawford
author	Hard Rain Falling is a 1966 crime novel written by Don Carpenter.	Hard Rain Falling	Don Carpenter
author	Grimble is a children's book by Clement Freud, published by Collins in 1968.	Grimble	Clement Freud
author	Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH is a 1971 children's book by Robert C. O'Brien, with illustrations by Zena Bernstein.	Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH	Robert C. O'Brien
author	The Playmaker is a novel based in Australia written by the Australian author Thomas Keneally.	The Playmaker	Thomas Keneally
author	Hocus Bogus (French: Pseudo) is a 1976 novel by the French writer Romain Gary, published under the pseudonym Émile Ajar.	Hocus Bogus	Romain Gary
author	Beasts of No Nation is a 2005 novel by the Nigerian-American author Uzodinma Iweala, that takes its title from Fela Kuti's 1989 album with the same name.	Beasts of No Nation	Uzodinma Iweala
author	Lion of Oz and the Badge of Courage is a children's book written by Roger S. Baum, great-grandson of the author of the original Oz series, L. Frank Baum.	Lion of Oz and the Badge of Courage	Roger S. Baum
author	Bears Can't Run Downhill is a book by Robert Anwood published in 2006 by Ebury Press.	Bears Can't Run Downhill	Robert Anwood
author	God on the Rocks is a novel written by Jane Gardam and published in 1978.	God on the Rocks	Jane Gardam
author	Waiting for the Galactic Bus is a 1988 science fiction novel by Parke Godwin and published by Doubleday Books.	Waiting for the Galactic Bus	Parke Godwin
author	The Other Queen is a 2008 historical novel by British author Philippa Gregory which chronicles the long imprisonment in England of Mary, Queen of Scots.	The Other Queen	Philippa Gregory
author	The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla (ISBN 1873335016) is a 1993 book compiled and edited by David Hatcher Childress detailing the work of Nikola Tesla.	The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla	David Hatcher Childress
author	The New Poetry was a poetry anthology edited by Al Alvarez, published in 1962 and in a revised edition in 1966.	The New Poetry	Al Alvarez
author	Ritual and Domestic Life in Prehistoric Europe is a book by the English archaeologist Richard Bradley of the University of Reading.	Ritual and Domestic Life in Prehistoric Europe	Richard Bradley
author	The Long Utopia is a science fiction novel by Terry Pratchett and Stephen Baxter published on 18 June 2015.	The Long Utopia	Terry Pratchett	Stephen Baxter
author	Against the Giants is an adventure module written by Gary Gygax and published by TSR in 1981 for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game.	Against the Giants	Gary Gygax
author	The Pea-Pickers is a novel by the Australian writer, Eve Langley, first published in 1942.	The Pea-Pickers	Eve Langley
author	In his last interview before his death, C. S. Lewis was asked, ``What do you think of the controversial new book Honest to God, by John Robinson, the bishop of Woolwich?	Honest to God	John Robinson
author	The Magna Moralia (Latin, ``Great Ethics'') is a treatise on ethics traditionally attributed to Aristotle, though the consensus now is that it represents an epitome of his ethical thought by a later, if sympathetic, writer.	Magna Moralia	Aristotle
author	The Wörterbuch der ägyptischen Sprache (English: Dictionary of the Egyptian Language), abbreviated Wb in bibliographic references, is a large German-language dictionary of the Egyptian language published between 1926 and 1961 by Adolf Erman and Hermann Grapow.	Wörterbuch der ägyptischen Sprache	Adolf Erman	Hermann Grapow
author	``A Financial Fable'' (also known as ``The Cyclone Money Crib'') is a Donald Duck comic book story written and illustrated by Carl Barks in September 1950.	A Financial Fable	Carl Barks
author	The Unknown Shore is a novel published in 1959 by Patrick O'Brian.	The Unknown Shore	Patrick O'Brian
author	Breakable You is the fourth novel written by American author Brian Morton.	Breakable You	Brian Morton
author	Pawana (or: Awaité Pawana) is a short story written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.	Pawana	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	Beyond a Boundary (1963) is a memoir on cricket written by the Trinidadian Marxist intellectual C. L. R. James, which he described as ``neither cricket reminiscences nor autobiography''.	Beyond a Boundary	C. L. R. James
author	Poor Jack is a novel by the English author Frederick Marryat, published in 1840.	Poor Jack	Frederick Marryat
author	The Good Soldier Švejk (pronounced (ˈʃvɛjk)), also spelled Schweik or Schwejk) is the abbreviated title of an unfinished satirical/dark comedy novel by Jaroslav Hašek.	The Good Soldier Švejk	Jaroslav Hašek
author	Mr. Crewe's Career is a 1908 best-selling novel by American writer Winston Churchill.	Mr. Crewe's Career	Winston Churchill
author	The Mystery of Orcival (Fr: Le Crime d'Orcival) is an 1867 novel by the 19th century French writer Émile Gaboriau.	The Mystery of Orcival	Émile Gaboriau
author	The Sacred Balance is a book by environmentalist David Suzuki, which is in its second edition as of 2007.	The Sacred Balance	David Suzuki
author	The Amber Spyglass is the third and final novel in the His Dark Materials series, written by English author Philip Pullman, and published in 2000.	The Amber Spyglass	Philip Pullman
author	A Corner of the Universe is a young adult's novel by Ann M. Martin, published in 2002.	A Corner of the Universe	Ann M. Martin
author	Dexter is Dead is the eighth novel written by Jeff Lindsay, and the final book in the 'Dexter Morgan' book series about a serial killer who targets serial killers.	Dexter is Dead	Jeff Lindsay
author	Live Flesh, is a psychological thriller by British author Ruth Rendell, published in 1986.	Live Flesh	Ruth Rendell
author	A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge (commonly called Treatise when referring to Berkeley's works) is a 1710 work, in English, by Anglo-Irish Empiricist philosopher George Berkeley.	A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge	George Berkeley
author	Allan's Wife and Other Tales is a collection of Allan Quatermain stories by H. Rider Haggard, first published in London by Spencer Blackett in December 1889.	Allan's Wife and Other Tales	H. Rider Haggard
author	The Stranger Next Door (French: Les Catilinaires) is a Belgian novel by Amélie Nothomb.	The Stranger Next Door	Amélie Nothomb
author	A Flight of Chariots is a 1963 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about two friends who fly planes during the Berlin Airlift and Korean War then become involved in the space program.	A Flight of Chariots	Jon Cleary
author	The Voyage Out is the first novel by Virginia Woolf, published in 1915 by Duckworth; and published in the US in 1920 by Doran.	The Voyage Out	Virginia Woolf
author	Dei svarte hestane (``the black horses'') is a 1928 novel by the Norwegian writer Tarjei Vesaas.	Dei svarte hestane	Tarjei Vesaas
author	District and Circle is a poetry collection by Seamus Heaney, who received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature.	District and Circle	Seamus Heaney
author	Fantômes dans la rue (Ghosts in the Street) is the title of a novella written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio.	Fantômes dans la rue	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	Explorers We is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick.	Explorers We	Philip K. Dick
author	Uncle Tom's Children is a collection of short stories by African-American author Richard Wright, who is also the author of Black Boy (1945), Native Son (1940), and The Outsider (1953).	Uncle Tom's Children	Richard Wright
author	The Death of Virgil (German: Der Tod des Vergil) is a 1945 novel by the Austrian author Hermann Broch.	The Death of Virgil	Hermann Broch
author	The Uganda Anti-Homosexuality Act, 2014 (previously called the ``Kill the Gays bill'' in the western mainstream media due to death penalty clauses proposed in the original version) was passed by the Parliament of Uganda on 20 December 2013 with life in prison substituted for the death penalty.	Uganda Anti-Homosexuality Act, 2014	Parliament of Uganda
author	Cry Slaughter! is a 1957 novel by Filipino author Edilberto K. Tiempo.	Cry Slaughter!	Edilberto K. Tiempo
author	A Theory of Justice is a work of political philosophy and ethics by John Rawls.	A Theory of Justice	John Rawls
author	Brain Droppings is a 1997 book by comedian George Carlin.	Brain Droppings	George Carlin
author	Music and Silence is a novel written by the English author Rose Tremain.	Music and Silence	Rose Tremain
author	Portrait of a Young Man Drowning, published in 1962, is the only published novel written by Charles Perry.	Portrait of a Young Man Drowning	Charles Perry
author	The Afghan Campaign is a historical novel by the American writer Steven Pressfield.	The Afghan Campaign	Steven Pressfield
author	Dead Men Kill is pulp fiction mystery/zombie story written by L. Ron Hubbard.	Dead Men Kill	L. Ron Hubbard
author	Tool of the Trade is a 1987 science fiction/espionage novel by Joe Haldeman.	Tool of the Trade	Joe Haldeman
author	Captain Michalis (Greek: Ο Καπετάν Μιχάλης) is a 1953 novel by the Greek writer Nikos Kazantzakis.	Captain Michalis	Nikos Kazantzakis
author	Sri Charitropakhyan or Pakhyan Charitar (Punjabi: ਪਖ੍ਯਾਨ ਚਰਿਤ੍ਰ) is a huge composition, present in Dasam Granth, which is generally and traditionally ascribed to Guru Gobind Singh.	Sri Charitropakhyan	Guru Gobind Singh
author	Minerva Clark Gets a Clue was written by Karen Karbo, and was published by Bloomsbury Publishing in 2005.	Minerva Clark Gets a Clue	Karen Karbo
author	Goblins in the Castle is a children's fantasy novel by American author Bruce Coville, first published in 1992 with illustrations by Katherine Coville.	Goblins in the Castle	Bruce Coville
author	The Anatomy of Revolution is a book by Crane Brinton outlining the ``uniformities'' of four major political revolutions: the English Revolution of the 1640s, the American, the French, and 1917 Russian Revolution.	The Anatomy of Revolution	Crane Brinton
author	O Sétimo Selo (in English, The Seventh Seal), is a book written by the Portuguese journalist and writer José Rodrigues dos Santos.	O Sétimo Selo	José Rodrigues dos Santos
author	Empire from the Ashes is a science fiction novel written by David Weber.	Empire from the Ashes	David Weber
author	Craii de Curtea-Veche (-Romanian for The Old Court Libertines - could also be understood to mean ``The Curtea Veche Kings'', based on the common reference to well-to-do unmarried men as crai) is a novel by the inter-war Romanian author Mateiu Caragiale.	Craii de Curtea-Veche	Mateiu Caragiale
author	The Sport of the Gods is a novel by Paul Laurence Dunbar, first published in 1902, centered on American urban black life.	The Sport of the Gods	Paul Laurence Dunbar
author	On Guns and Hunting is a collection of non-fiction outdoor literature and one short story by Donald Hamilton.	On Guns and Hunting	Donald Hamilton
author	Clay Harder, introduced in 1948 as the first of Marvel's two Western heroes called the Two-Gun Kid, was re-imainged and reintroduced in Gunsmoke Western #57 (March 1960), in a feature by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist John Severin.	Gunsmoke Western	Stan Lee
author	The Bazaar of Bad Dreams is a short fiction collection by Stephen King, published on November 3, 2015.	The Bazaar of Bad Dreams	Stephen King
author	Introductio in analysin infinitorum (Introduction to the Analysis of the Infinite) is a two-volume work by Leonhard Euler which lays the foundations of mathematical analysis.	Introductio in analysin infinitorum	Leonhard Euler
author	Allan and the Sundered Veil is a six-part story written in the style of a boy's periodical by Alan Moore and illustrated by Kevin O'Neill, included at the back of each issue of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume I and collected at the back of that volume.	Allan and the Sundered Veil	Alan Moore
author	Remedy is None is the debut novel by the Scottish writer William McIlvanney, first published in 1966, and republished in 2014.	Remedy is None	William McIlvanney
author	The Girl of Fire and Thorns is the debut novel of author Rae Carson, published by Green Willow Books, an imprint of HarperCollins.	The Girl of Fire and Thorns	Rae Carson
author	Une adolescence en Gueldre (An Adolescence in Gelderland) is a 2005 Belgian novel by Jean-Claude Pirotte that won the Prix des Deux Magots in 2006.	Une adolescence en Gueldre	Jean-Claude Pirotte
author	Spoon River Anthology (1915), by Edgar Lee Masters, is a collection of short free-form poems that collectively narrates the epitaphs of the residents of Spoon River, a fictional small town named after the real Spoon River that ran near Masters' home town.	Spoon River Anthology	Edgar Lee Masters
author	The Chronicles of Prydain is a pentalogy of children's high fantasy Bildungsroman novels by Lloyd Alexander.	The Chronicles of Prydain	Lloyd Alexander
author	The Inhabitant of the Lake and Less Welcome Tenants is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by British author J. Ramsey Campbell, who dropped the initial from his name in subsequent publications.	The Inhabitant of the Lake and Less Welcome Tenants	Ramsey Campbell
author	Warren Ellis' Blackgas is a two volume comic book mini-series written by Warren Ellis, illustrated by Max Fiumara, and published by Avatar Press from 2006 to 2007.	Blackgas	Warren Ellis
author	Gates of Paradise is the fourth out of five books in V. C. Andrews's The Casteel series.	Gates of Paradise	V. C. Andrews
author	Remembering Babylon is a book by David Malouf written in 1993.	Remembering Babylon	David Malouf
author	The Courage of Sarah Noble by Alice Dalgliesh is the story of a young girl who travels with her father into Connecticut during the early 18th century, and her experiences with the native Schaghticoke.	The Courage of Sarah Noble	Alice Dalgliesh
author	Fire Season is a 2012 young adult science fiction novel by American authors David Weber and Jane Lindskold.	Fire Season	David Weber
author	Me Kaksi is a 1920 poetry collection by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski.	Me Kaksi	Aaro Hellaakoski
author	The Rosie Project is a 2013 Australian novel and the debut work of Australian novelist Graeme Simsion.	The Rosie Project	Graeme Simsion
author	Written by Peter Arshinov in 1927, The Two Octobers is a critical history of the Russian Revolution written from a libertarian or anarchist perspective.	The Two Octobers	Peter Arshinov
author	Watteau in Venice (French: La fête à Venise) is a novel by French author Philippe Sollers published in 1991 by Editions Gallimard, later translated into English by Alberto Manguel, and then published in 1994 by Charles Scribner's Sons.	Watteau in Venice	Philippe Sollers
author	Born to be Riled is a non-fiction book, first published in 1999, written by British journalist and television presenter Jeremy Clarkson.	Born to be Riled	Jeremy Clarkson
author	I Drink for a Reason is a 2009 book by American actor and comedian David Cross.	I Drink for a Reason	David Cross
author	The Origins of the Second World War is a non-fiction book by the English historian A. J. P. Taylor, examining the causes of World War II. It was first published in 1961 by Hamish Hamilton.	The Origins of the Second World War	A. J. P. Taylor
author	Henry VI, Part 2 (often written as 2 Henry VI) is a history play by William Shakespeare believed to have been written in 1591, and set during the lifetime of King Henry VI of England.	Henry VI, Part 2	William Shakespeare
author	Scattered Crumbs: is a novel written by the Iraqi author Muhsin al-Ramli.	Scattered Crumbs	Muhsin al-Ramli
author	In Schools We Trust is a book written by Deborah Meier and published on August 1, 2002.	In Schools We Trust	Deborah Meier
author	Strange News from Another Star is a collection of eight short stories written by the German author Hermann Hesse between 1913 and 1918.	Strange News from Another Star	Hermann Hesse
author	Ealdwood is a fantasy novella by C. J. Cherryh.	Ealdwood	C. J. Cherryh
author	Storm Dragon is the first novel of The Draconic Prophecies series, by James Wyatt.	Storm Dragon	James Wyatt
author	The Man Outside (German: Draußen vor der Tür, literally Outside, at the door) is a play by Wolfgang Borchert, written in a few days in the late autumn of 1946.	The Man Outside	Wolfgang Borchert
author	``Old Rambling House'' is a short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert which first appeared in Galaxy magazine in 1958 and later in Herbert's 1985 short story collection The Worlds of Frank Herbert.	Old Rambling House	Frank Herbert
author	Mr. Monk Gets Even is the fifteenth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk.	Mr. Monk Gets Even	Lee Goldberg
author	Lord of Scoundrels is a Regency romance novel by American author Loretta Chase.	Lord of Scoundrels	Loretta Chase
author	The Ghost in the Machine is a 1967 book about philosophical psychology by Arthur Koestler.	The Ghost in the Machine	Arthur Koestler
author	``Invictus'' is a short Victorian poem by the English poet William Ernest Henley (1849--1903).	Invictus	William Ernest Henley
author	No Boats on Bannermere is a 1949 children's novel by Geoffrey Trease, and the first of his five Bannerdale novels.	No Boats on Bannermere	Geoffrey Trease
author	Leaves of Grass is a poetry collection by the American poet Walt Whitman (1819--1892).	Leaves of Grass	Walt Whitman
author	The Ugly American is a 1958 political novel by Eugene Burdick and William Lederer.	The Ugly American	Eugene Burdick	William Lederer
author	The Bad Child's Book of Beasts is an 1896 children's book written by Hilaire Belloc.	The Bad Child's Book of Beasts	Hilaire Belloc
author	The Knights (Ancient Greek: Ἱππεῖς Hippeîs; Attic: Ἱππῆς) was the fourth play written by Aristophanes, the master of an ancient form of drama known as Old Comedy.	The Knights	Aristophanes
author	The Littles is a series of children's novels by American author John Peterson, the first of which was published in 1967.	The Littles	John Peterson
author	The Farthest-Away Mountain is a children's novel, first published in 1976, by Lynne Reid Banks, a British author.	The Farthest-Away Mountain	Lynne Reid Banks
author	Blood Meridian or the Evening Redness in the West is a 1985 epic Western (or anti-Western) novel by American author Cormac McCarthy.	Blood Meridian	Cormac McCarthy
author	Hoppla, We're Alive! (German: Hoppla, wir leben!) is a Neue Sachlichkeit (or ``New Objectivity'') play by the German playwright Ernst Toller.	Hoppla, We're Alive!	Ernst Toller
author	Smith of Wootton Major, first published in 1967, is a novella by J. R. R. Tolkien.	Smith of Wootton Major	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	``I Just Make Them Up, See!'' is a comic poem by Isaac Asimov written in 1957.	I Just Make Them Up, See!	Isaac Asimov
author	De Ronde van Frankrijk (The Tour de France) was a Belgian gag cartoon comic strip series by Marc Sleen, in which he made a comedic report of every daily tournament of the annual cycling contest the Tour de France.	De Ronde van Frankrijk	Marc Sleen
author	In the Company of Heroes is a book by Michael Durant and Steven Hartov about Durant's experiences in the Battle of Mogadishu, Korea, the Persian Gulf, Thailand, Panama, and Iraq.	In the Company of Heroes	Michael Durant
author	Behind the Scenes at the Museum is the first novel of British novelist Kate Atkinson.	Behind the Scenes at the Museum	Kate Atkinson
author	Murder Being Once Done is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell, first published in 1972.	Murder Being Once Done	Ruth Rendell
author	The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals is a book by Charles Darwin, published in 1872, concerning genetically determined aspects of behaviour.	The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals	Charles Darwin
author	The Heart of Princess Osra is part of Anthony Hope's trilogy of novels set in the fictional country of Ruritania and which spawned the genre of Ruritanian romance.	The Heart of Princess Osra	Anthony Hope
author	Fighting Ruben Wolfe is a young-adult fiction novel by Markus Zusak.	Fighting Ruben Wolfe	Markus Zusak
author	H.M.S. Pinafore; or, The Lass That Loved a Sailor is a comic opera in two acts, with music by Arthur Sullivan and a libretto by W. S. Gilbert.	H.M.S. Pinafore	W. S. Gilbert
author	The Moment of Eclipse is a 1970 collection of science fiction short stories written by Brian Aldiss between 1965 and 1970.	The Moment of Eclipse	Brian Aldiss
author	Gandhi Before India is a 2013 book by Indian historian Ramachandra Guha, the first part of a planned two-volume biography of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.	Gandhi Before India	Ramachandra Guha
author	Count Belisarius is a historical novel by Robert Graves, first published in 1938, recounting the life of the Byzantine general Belisarius (AD 500--565).	Count Belisarius	Robert Graves
author	The Lincoln Train is an alternate history short story published by American writer Maureen F. McHugh, published in 1995.	The Lincoln Train	Maureen F. McHugh
author	While My Pretty One Sleeps is a 1989 novel by Mary Higgins Clark.	While My Pretty One Sleeps	Mary Higgins Clark
author	The Mummy, or Ramses the Damned, is a 1989 historical-horror novel by Anne Rice.	The Mummy, or Ramses the Damned	Anne Rice
author	Der Untergang der Titanic, or, in English, The Sinking of the Titanic, is an epic and allegorical poem by the German poet Hans Magnus Enzensberger, first published by Suhrkamp Verlag in 1978.	Der Untergang der Titanic	Hans Magnus Enzensberger
author	Mothstorm, or the Horror from Beyond Uranus Georgium Sidus! or a Tale of Two Shapers is a young adult novel by Philip Reeve, released in October 2008.	Mothstorm	Philip Reeve
author	``Boule de Suif'' (translated variously as ``Dumpling'', ``Butterball'', ``Ball of Fat'', or ``Ball of Lard'') is a famous short story by the late-19th century French writer Guy de Maupassant first published on 15/16 April 1880.	Boule de Suif	Guy de Maupassant
author	The Tale of Chloe, subtitled An Episode in the History of Beau Beamish, is a novel by English novelist George Meredith, first published in 1879, and as a novel in 1890.	The Tale of Chloe	George Meredith
author	The Lord John series is a sequence of historical mystery novels and shorter works written by Diana Gabaldon that center on Lord John Grey, a recurring secondary character in the author's Outlander series.	Lord John series	Diana Gabaldon
author	Delhi Gadhakal (Tales from Delhi) is a Malayalam language novel by M. Mukundan.	Delhi Gadhakal	M. Mukundan
author	The Case of the Gilded Fly is a detective novel by Edmund Crispin first published in 1944.	The Case of the Gilded Fly	Edmund Crispin
author	First published in 1956, The Drunken Forest is an account of a six-month trip Gerald Durrell made with his wife Jacquie to South America (Argentina and Paraguay) in 1954.	The Drunken Forest	Gerald Durrell
author	The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman (or, more briefly, Tristram Shandy) is a humorous novel by Laurence Sterne.	The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman	Laurence Sterne
author	Heroes of the Valley is a 2009 fantasy/adventure book by Jonathan Stroud, known for his Bartimaeus Trilogy.	Heroes of the Valley	Jonathan Stroud
author	The Midas Coffin is a novel by Martin Cruz Smith published under the pseudonym Simon Quinn in 1975.	The Midas Coffin	Martin Cruz Smith
author	Horton and the Kwuggerbug and More Lost Stories is an anthology of children's stories written and illustrated by Dr. Seuss, published posthumously by Random House in 2014.	Horton and the Kwuggerbug and More Lost Stories	Dr. Seuss
author	Two hundred and one miniature tales (in Spanish Doscientos y un cuentos en miniatura) is a flash fiction book written by Argentinian writer Alejandro Córdoba Sosa, and published in 2007 under the pen name 'Alejandro Zenteno Lobo'.	Two hundred and one miniature tales	Alejandro Córdoba Sosa
author	A Letter Concerning Toleration by John Locke was originally published in 1689.	A Letter Concerning Toleration	John Locke
author	Heaven Has No Favorites (German: Der Himmel kennt keine Günstlinge) is a novel by the German writer Erich Maria Remarque.	Heaven Has No Favorites	Erich Maria Remarque
author	Factorum ac dictorum memorabilium libri IX (``nine books of memorable deeds and sayings'', also known as De factis dictisque memorabilibus or Facta et dicta memorabilia) by Valerius Maximus (c. 20 BCE -- c. CE 50) was written around CE 30 or 31.	Factorum ac dictorum memorabilium libri IX	Valerius Maximus
author	A boccaperta, as stated in the work itself, is an Italian screenplay written in 1970 by Carmelo Bene, even though most consider it a novel.	A boccaperta	Carmelo Bene
author	The concept of The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid originally appeared as an article by C. K. Prahalad and Stuart L. Hart in the business journal Strategy+Business.	The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid	C. K. Prahalad
author	``Big Mama's Funeral'' (Spanish: Los funerales de la Mamá Grande) is a long short story by Gabriel García Márquez that satirizes Latin American life and culture.	Big Mama's Funeral	Gabriel García Márquez
author	A Severed Head is a satirical, sometimes farcical 1961 novel by Iris Murdoch.	A Severed Head	Iris Murdoch
author	Unicorn Variations is a collection of stories and essays by author Roger Zelazny, published in 1983.	Unicorn Variations	Roger Zelazny
author	Attaboy Sam! (1992) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry.	Attaboy Sam!	Lois Lowry
author	The Corn Maiden and Other Nightmares is a collection of short stories and novellas by Joyce Carol Oates.	The Corn Maiden and Other Nightmares	Joyce Carol Oates
author	A Wonder-Book for Girls and Boys (1851) is a children's book written by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne in which he rewrites myths from Greek mythology.	A Wonder-Book for Girls and Boys	Nathaniel Hawthorne
author	Why We Love Women (Romanian: De ce iubim femeile) is a 2004 short story collection by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu.	Why We Love Women	Mircea Cărtărescu
author	Il talismano della felicità (pronounced (il taliˈzmaːno ˈdelːa felitʃiˈta); The Talisman of Happiness in English), written by magazine editor Ada Boni and published by Italian publishing house Editore Colombo, is a well-known Italian cookbook originally published in 1929.	Il talismano della felicità	Ada Boni
author	Where the Air Is Clear (Spanish: La región más transparente) is a 1958 novel by Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes.	Where the Air Is Clear	Carlos Fuentes
author	The Politics of Nonviolent Action is a three-volume political science book by Gene Sharp, originally published in the United States in 1973.	The Politics of Nonviolent Action	Gene Sharp
author	The Land of Laughs is a low fantasy novel by Jonathan Carroll.	The Land of Laughs	Jonathan Carroll
author	Man Meets Dog is a zoological book for the general audience, written by the Austrian scientist Konrad Lorenz in 1949.	Man Meets Dog	Konrad Lorenz
author	Arsène Lupin, Gentleman Burglar (French: Arsène Lupin, gentleman-cambrioleur) is the first collection of stories by Maurice Leblanc recounting the adventures of Arsène Lupin, released on 10 June 1907.	Arsène Lupin, Gentleman Burglar	Maurice Leblanc
author	The Devil's Breath is the first of three novels in the Danger Zone series by David Gilman, the second being Ice Claw, and the third Blood Sun.	The Devil's Breath	David Gilman
author	Vinyl Cafe Unplugged (2000) is Stuart McLean's third volume of stories that first aired on the CBC Radio program The Vinyl Cafe.	Vinyl Cafe Unplugged	Stuart McLean
author	Hana-Kimi or known originally as Hanazakari no Kimitachi e (花ざかりの君たちへ, For You in Full Blossom) in Japan, is a shōjo manga series written by Hisaya Nakajo.	Hana-Kimi	Hisaya Nakajo
author	Hexachordum Apollinis (PWC 193--8, T. 211--6, PC 131--6, POP 1--6) is a collection of keyboard music by Johann Pachelbel, published in 1699.	Hexachordum Apollinis	Johann Pachelbel
author	The Return of the Soldier is the debut novel of English novelist Rebecca West, first published in 1918.	The Return of the Soldier	Rebecca West
author	Dead in the West is a short horror novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Dead in the West	Joe R. Lansdale
author	The Face of Battle is a 1976 non-fiction book on military history by the English military historian John Keegan.	The Face of Battle	John Keegan
author	The Vivisector is the eighth published novel by Patrick White.	The Vivisector	Patrick White
author	Captains of the Sands (Portuguese: Capitães da Areia) is a Brazilian Modernist novel written by Jorge Amado in 1937.	Captains of the Sands	Jorge Amado
author	Queen Bees and Wannabes is a 2002 self-help book by Rosalind Wiseman.	Queen Bees and Wannabes	Rosalind Wiseman
author	Difference and Repetition (French: Différence et Répétition) is a 1968 book by philosopher Gilles Deleuze, originally published in France.	Difference and Repetition	Gilles Deleuze
author	Shuttle Down is a novel by American author G. Harry Stine, written under the nom de plume Lee Correy.	Shuttle Down	G. Harry Stine
author	The Poetics of Space (French: La Poétique de l'Espace) is a 1958 book by Gaston Bachelard.	The Poetics of Space	Gaston Bachelard
author	The Big Oven is an 1899 Russian short story attributed to Leo Tolstoy about a man (in other tellings of the tale, a couple) whose house has a malfunctioning oven.	The Big Oven	Leo Tolstoy
author	Night Mary is a horror comic book limited series published by IDW Publishing, created by Rick Remender and Kieron Dwyer.	Night Mary	Rick Remender
author	Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer is a book written by Edward Yourdon in 1996.	Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer	Edward Yourdon
author	The Gonzo Papers is a four volume series of books by American journalist and author Hunter S. Thompson published between 1979 and 1994.	The Gonzo Papers	Hunter S. Thompson
author	Capitale de la douleur (Capital of Pain) is a book of poems by French surrealist poet Paul Éluard.	Capitale de la douleur	Paul Éluard
author	A Gentle Breeze in the Village, also known as Tennen Kokekkō (天然コケッコー) is a Japanese slice of life shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Fusako Kuramochi, serialized in the magazine Chorus from 1994 to 2000.	A Gentle Breeze in the Village	Fusako Kuramochi
author	Naked Lunch (sometimes The Naked Lunch) is a novel by American writer William S. Burroughs, originally published in 1959.	Naked Lunch	William S. Burroughs
author	Hannibal's Children is a 2002 alternate history novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts.	Hannibal's Children	John Maddox Roberts
author	A Strangeness in My Mind (Turkish: Kafamda Bir Tuhaflık) is a 2014 novel by Orhan Pamuk.	A Strangeness in My Mind	Orhan Pamuk
author	The Brave Adventures of Lapitch (Croatian: Čudnovate zgode šegrta Hlapića), also known as The Marvellous Adventures of Hlapić the Apprentice, is a 1913 novel by Croatian children's author Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić.	The Brave Adventures of Lapitch	Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić
author	Leaf Storm is the common translation for Gabriel García Márquez's novella La Hojarasca.	Leaf Storm	Gabriel García Márquez
author	The Red Wolf Conspiracy is the first book of The Chathrand Voyage fantasy series written by American author Robert V.S. Redick.	The Red Wolf Conspiracy	Robert V.S. Redick
author	``The Ten O'Clock People'' is a short story by American author Stephen King, published in the Nightmares & Dreamscapes collection.	The Ten O'Clock People	Stephen King
author	The Million Cities is a science fiction novel written by J. T. McIntosh and printed in August 1958 in Satellite Science Fiction in somewhat shorter form, and subsequently in full in both the US and the UK.	The Million Cities	J. T. McIntosh
author	Dancing at the Edge of the World is a 1989 nonfiction collection by Ursula K. Le Guin.	Dancing at the Edge of the World	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	End of Term is a book by British children's author Antonia Forest, published in 1959.	End of Term	Antonia Forest
author	Dirty Beasts is a 1983 collection of Roald Dahl poems about unsuspecting animals.	Dirty Beasts	Roald Dahl
author	The Magical Revival is a book written by British occultist Kenneth Grant, first published in 1972.	The Magical Revival	Kenneth Grant
author	Bass Ackwards and Belly Up is a young-adult novel by Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain, published by Little, Brown in May 2006.	Bass Ackwards and Belly Up	Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain
author	Gilgamesh in the Outback is a science fiction novella by Robert Silverberg, a sequel to his novel Gilgamesh the King as well as a story in the shared universe series Heroes in Hell.	Gilgamesh in the Outback	Robert Silverberg
author	Shatterpoint is a science fiction novel by Matthew Stover (read by Jonathan Davis in the audiobook version) set in the Star Wars universe.	Shatterpoint	Matthew Stover
author	Last Evenings on Earth (Llamadas Telefonicas in Spanish) is a collection of short stories by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño, published in 1997 with a translation into English by Chris Andrews published in 2006.	Last Evenings on Earth	Roberto Bolaño
award received	On December 15, 1993, Colin Powell was created an honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath by Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom.	Colin Powell	Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath
award received	Hanna Ereńska (Ereńska-Radzewska), now Hanna Ereńska-Barlo (born 12 November 1946 in Poznań) is a Polish chess Woman Grandmaster.	Hanna Ereńska-Barlo	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Ye Rongguang (simplified Chinese: 叶荣光; traditional Chinese: 葉榮光; pinyin: Yè Róngguāng; born October 3, 1963 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang) is a retired Chinese chess Grandmaster, who in 1990, became the first ever Chinese player to gain the Grandmaster title.	Ye Rongguang	Grandmaster
award received	Jean-Marc Degraeve (born in Tourcoing January 26, 1971) is a Grandmaster of chess from France.	Jean-Marc Degraeve	Grandmaster
award received	In 1985, Yad Vashem recognized Margit Slachta as Righteous Among the Nations.	Margit Slachta	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Ian Edward Fraser, VC, DSC, RD and Bar, JP (18 December 1920 -- 1 September 2008) was an English diving pioneer and recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Ian Edward Fraser	Victoria Cross
award received	Otto Heinrich Fugger, Count of Kirchberg (1592--1644) was promoted to be a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in 1628.	Otto Heinrich Fugger, Count of Kirchberg	Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece
award received	Full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (1970) Order of Lenin Order of the October Revolution A. N. Severtsov medal One of the streets of Yekaterinburg is called after Stanislav Shwarts	Stanislav Shwarts	Order of Lenin Order of the October Revolution
award received	William Goate (or Goat) VC (12 January 1836 -- 24 October 1901) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross.	William Goate	Victoria Cross
award received	Helmut Frink (28 June 1919 -- 28 August 1943) was a highly decorated major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Helmut Frink	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Commander Basil John Douglas Guy VC, DSO (9 May 1882 -- 29 December 1956) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Basil John Douglas Guy	Victoria Cross
award received	In March 2009, the One World Film Festival awarded Liu Xiaobo the Homo Homini Award, organized by the People in Need foundation, for promoting freedom of speech, democratic principles and human rights.	Liu Xiaobo	Homo Homini Award
award received	Prasun Banerjee (Bengali: প্রসূন ব্যানার্জি) is a retired international footballer and an Arjuna Award Winner (1979) from Kolkata, India.	Prasun Banerjee	Arjuna Award
award received	By decree of the President dated 30 January 2008, Jean-Michel Bertrand was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour.	Jean-Michel Bertrand	Knight of the Legion of Honour
award received	George Frederick Phillips, (March 8, 1862 -- June 4, 1904) was a U.S. Navy Machinist First Class who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Spanish--	George Frederick Phillips	Medal of Honor
award received	Bruno Schatz (24 June 1894 -- 3 December 1974) as a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Bruno Schatz	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Roy Franklin Nichols (March 3, 1896 -- January 12, 1973) was an American historian, who won the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for History for The Disruption of American Democracy.	Roy Franklin Nichols	Pulitzer Prize for History
award received	The Komsomol received three Orders of Lenin, one Order of the Red Banner, one Order of the Red Banner of Labour, and one Order of the October Revolution.	Komsomol	Order of the Red Banner of Labour
award received	Major Michael John O'Leary VC (29 September 1890 -- 2 August 1961) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Michael John O'Leary	Victoria Cross
award received	Rita Chowdhury (Assamese:ৰীতা চৌধুৰী) (born 17 August, 1960) at Nampong of Tirap District in Arunachal Pradesh is an established poet, novelist and Sahitya Akademi Award recipient in the world of Assamese literature.	Rita Chowdhury	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	Mikhail Denisenko (Russian: Михаил Иванович Денисенко; 24 July 1899-7 April 1949) was a Red Army Major general and Hero of the Soviet Union.	Mikhail Denisenko	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	Nisar Bazmi received many Nigar Awards for his achievements.	Nisar Bazmi	Nigar Awards
award received	Edmund S. Valtman (May 31, 1914 -- January 12, 2005) was an Estonian and American editorial cartoonist and winner of the 1962 Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning.	Edmund S. Valtman	Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning
award received	Krystyna Hołuj-Radzikowska (5 February 1931, Lwów -- 29 November 2006) was a Polish chess Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Krystyna Hołuj-Radzikowska	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Jean Reverzy (1914--1959) is a French general practitioner from Lyon who won the Prix Renaudot in 1954 for Le Passage (``The Passage''), his first novel.	Jean Reverzy	Prix Renaudot
award received	Lexy Ortega is an Italian chess Grandmaster.	Lexy Ortega	Grandmaster
award received	William Robert Button (December 3, 1895 -- April 15, 1921) was a United States Marine Corps corporal who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in killing Haitian nationalist leader Charlemagne Peralte on October 31--	William Robert Button	Medal of Honor
award received	Buttoners was awarded the 1997 Czech Lion for Best Film	Buttoners	Czech Lion
award received	Henri de Schomberg, Comte de Nanteuil (1575 -- 17 November 1632), was a Marshal of France during the reign of Louis XIII.	Henri de Schomberg	Marshal of France
award received	Jesus Nogueiras (born in Santa Clara, Cuba, July 17, 1959) is a Cuban chess Grandmaster.	Jesus Nogueiras	Grandmaster
award received	Simon Starling (born 1967) is an English conceptual artist and won the Turner Prize in 2005.	Simon Starling	Turner Prize
award received	Isaiah Mays (February 16, 1858 -- May 2, 1925) was a Buffalo Soldier in the United States Army and a recipient of America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions during the Wham Paymaster Robbery in Arizona Territory.	Isaiah Mays	Medal of Honor
award received	Edwin Russell Durno (January 26, 1899 -- November 20, 1976) was a physician, politician, an infantry sergeant who was awarded a Purple Heart, and a basketball player recognized in the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame.	Edwin Russell Durno	Purple Heart
award received	Etibar Hajiyev (1971--92) is a National Hero of Azerbaijan.	Etibar Hajiyev	National Hero of Azerbaijan
award received	Henri Lucien Doucet (23 August 1856 -- 31 December 1895) was a French figure and portrait painter, born in Paris, where he studied under Lefebvre and Boulanger, and in 1880 won the Prix de Rome.	Henri Lucien Doucet	Prix de Rome
award received	Idar Ulstein was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences, and was appointed Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav for his ``service to Norwegian industry''.	Idar Ulstein	Order of St. Olav
award received	Thomas Boyne (1849 -- April 21, 1896) was a Buffalo Soldier in the United States Army and a recipient of America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States.	Thomas Boyne	Medal of Honor
award received	In 1974 Nicole Germain was named a Member of the Order of Canada for her efforts to promote the French language.	Nicole Germain	Member of the Order of Canada
award received	Alexandre Jardin (born 14 April 1965) is a French writer, film director and winner of the Prix Femina, 1988, for Le Zèbre.	Alexandre Jardin	Prix Femina
award received	In 1994, The Apartment was deemed ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant'' by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.	The Apartment	National Film Registry
award received	Azaria Alon (15 November 1918 -- 19 January 2014) was an Israel Prize-winning environmentalist, and a co-founder of the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel (SPNI).	Azaria Alon	Israel Prize
award received	Asif Maharammov (Azerbaijani: Asif Yusif oğlu Məhərrəmov, Russian: Асиф Юсиф оглы Магеррамов June 26, 1952, Aghdam, Azerbaijan - July 1, 1994, Lachin, Azerbaijan), commonly known as Fred Asif, was an Azerbaijani Lieutenant colonel and National Hero of Azerbaijan.	Asif Maharammov	National Hero of Azerbaijan
award received	Ora Kedem (Hebrew: אורה קדם, born 1924) is professor emerita at the Weizmann Institute of Science and a recipient of the Israel Prize for life sciences.	Ora Kedem	Israel Prize
award received	Richmond Barthé received many honors during his career, including the Rosenwald Fellowship in 1930 and the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1940.	Richmond Barthé	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Nelson W. Ward (November 20, 1837 -- February 5, 1929) was a United States Army Medal of Honor recipient, honored for his actions while a private in the 11th Pennsylvania Cavalry during the Battle of Staunton River Bridge of the American Civil War.	Nelson W. Ward	Medal of Honor
award received	Everard Aloysius Lisle Phillipps VC (28 May 1835 -- 17 September 1857) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Everard Aloysius Lisle Phillipps	Victoria Cross
award received	Sir Joseph Henry Gilbert, Fellow of the Royal Society (1 August 1817 -- 23 December 1901) was an English chemist, noteworthy for his long career spent improving the methods of practical agriculture.	Joseph Henry Gilbert	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Anton Lopatin was awarded three Orders of Lenin, two Orders of the Red Banner, two Orders of Kutuzov (1st class), Order of the Red Star, and numerous medals.	Anton Lopatin	Order of the Red Star
award received	Walter Ehle (28 April 1913 -- 18 November 1943) was a German Luftwaffe night fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Walter Ehle	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 1998, the Turkish Government awarded the title ``Devlet Sanatçısı'' (literally ``State Artist'' or ``National Artist'') to Metin Akpınar.	Metin Akpınar	State Artist
award received	Emily Squires (August 23, 1941 -- November 21, 2012) was an American television producer and director best known for her Emmy Award-winning work on Sesame Street.	Emily Squires	Emmy Award
award received	Anna Gunn (born August 11, 1968) is an American actress, best known for her role as Skyler White on the AMC drama series Breaking Bad, for which she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 and 2014.	Anna Gunn	Primetime Emmy Award
award received	October 6, 2008, Malalai Joya received the Anna Politkovskaya Award in London, which is given to courageous women who have defended human rights.	Malalai Joya	Anna Politkovskaya Award
award received	Frank Van der Veer (June 2, 1921 - January 7, 1982) was an American optical and visual special effects artist who won (and shared) a Special Achievement Academy Award at the 49th Academy Awards for Best Visual Effects for the film King Kong (1976).	Frank Van der Veer	Special Achievement Academy Award
award received	Bjørg Vik was awarded the Riksmål Society Literature Prize in 1972 and the Aschehoug Prize in 1974 and the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 1979 for the short stories En håndfull lengsel.	Bjørg Vik	Riksmål Society Literature Prize	Aschehoug Prize	Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature
award received	Andi Sultan Daeng Radja (1894--1963) was an Indonesian politician, who is now regarded as a National Hero of Indonesia.	Andi Sultan Daeng Radja	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Bob and the Trees is a 2015 American fictional vérité drama film that won the Crystal Globe at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.	Bob and the Trees	Crystal Globe
award received	Rudi Brasche (17 August 1917 -- 22 November 1975) was a decorated Feldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Rudi Brasche	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Garry Shead is an Australian artist and filmmaker who won the Archibald Prize in 1992/93 with a portrait of Tom Thompson, and won the Dobell Prize in 2004 with Colloquy with John Keats.	Garry Shead	Archibald Prize
award received	George Otto Noville (April 24, 1890 - January 3, 1963) also known as ``Noville'' and ``Rex'' was a pioneer in polar and trans-Atlantic aviation in the 1920s, and winner of the Distinguished Flying Cross.	George Otto Noville	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	In 1993, Inside Nazi Germany was deemed ``culturally significant'' by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.	Inside Nazi Germany	National Film Registry
award received	Borki Predojević (born 6 April 1987 in Teslić) is a Bosnian chess Grandmaster and the youngest ever from his homeland.	Borki Predojević	Grandmaster
award received	Nahida Nakad Receives ``Arab Woman of the Year'' Distinction at the Takreem Arab Achievement Awards.	Nahida Nakad	Arab Woman of the Year
award received	Jack Beale was awarded an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in 1999, and the Centenary Medal in 2001.	Jack Beale	Officer of the Order of Australia
cast member	Dancing Sweeties (1930) is an American Pre-Code romantic comedy film with music directed by Ray Enright, released by Warner Bros., and starring Grant Withers and Sue Carol.	Dancing Sweeties	Grant Withers	Sue Carol
cast member	Sex and Blood in the Trail of the Treasure (Portuguese: Sexo e Sangue na Trilha do Tesouro) is a 1972 Brazilian exploitation/adventure film directed by José Mojica Marins.	Sex and Blood in the Trail of the Treasure	José Mojica Marins
cast member	We're Rich Again is a 1934 American pre-Code comedy drama film starring Edna May Oliver, Billie Burke and Marian Nixon.	We're Rich Again	Edna May Oliver	Billie Burke	Marian Nixon
cast member	The Unkissed Bride is a 1966 comedy starring Tommy Kirk.	The Unkissed Bride	Tommy Kirk
cast member	The Invisible Collection (Portuguese: A Coleção Invisível) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film, directed by Bernard Attal and starring Vladimir Brichta, Walmor Chagas and Ludmila Rosa.	The Invisible Collection	Vladimir Brichta
child	Whakaawi gave birth to Tāwhiao at Orongokoekoea Pā, about 1825, who later became the 2nd Māori King in 1860.	Whakaawi	Tāwhiao
child	Indu Jain was married to Ashok Kumar Jain by whom she had two sons, Samir Jain, Vineet Jain and a daughter.	Indu Jain	Samir Jain	Vineet Jain
child	Lorentz Creutz the younger Johan Creutz Carl Gustaf Creutz	Lorentz Creutz	Johan Creutz Carl Gustaf Creutz
child	Liuvigild was married twice: first to Theodosia, who bore him two sons Hermenegild and Reccared, and after her death, to Athanagild's widow Goiswintha.	Liuvigild	Hermenegild
child	Even though the latter's son, Qara-qurtag Duuren taiji, persuaded his father not to accept this offer, the Oirats and Agbarjin attacked and defeated the Khagan, forcing him to flee westward.	Agbarjin	Qara-qurtag
child	Selmar Schonland married Peter MacOwan's daughter Flora in 1896 and was the father of Sir Basil Schonland who contributed greatly to lightning research and radar development.	Selmar Schonland	Basil Schonland
child	Jakub Sobieski (May 5, 1590 -- June 23, 1646) was a Polish noble, parliamentarian, diarist, political activist, military leader and father of King John III Sobieski.	Jakub Sobieski	John III Sobieski
child	Maria of Cleves (19 September 1426 -- 23 August 1487) was the third wife of Charles, Duke of Orléans, and the mother of his only son, King Louis XII of France.	Maria of Cleves	Louis XII of France
child	John Michael Kiedis (/ˈkiːdɪs/ KEE-diss; born August 19, 1935), better known by his stage name ``Blackie Dammett'', is an American actor, author and father of Anthony Kiedis, lead singer of Red Hot Chili Peppers.	Blackie Dammett	Anthony Kiedis
child	John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset (1373--1410) Henry, Cardinal Beaufort (1375--1447) Thomas Beaufort, Duke of Exeter (1377--1426) Joan Beaufort, Countess of Westmorland (1379--1440) The descendants of Katherine Swynford and John of Gaunt are significant in English and Scottish history.	Katherine Swynford	John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset	Thomas Beaufort, Duke of Exeter	Joan Beaufort, Countess of Westmorland
child	Bayezid II married Gülbahar Hatun, who was the mother of his eldest son Şehzade Ahmet, as well as Bayezid II's heir and successor, Selim I and nephew of Sitti Mükrime Hatun.	Bayezid II	Şehzade Ahmet	Selim I
child	Micipsa had two natural sons Hiempsal and Adherbal and is reported to have added his illegitimate grandson Jugurtha to his palace household.	Micipsa	Adherbal
child	It is not even sure that Biagota was the mother of all four adult children of Boleslaus I (Dobrawa, Boleslaus II of Bohemia, Strachkvas and Mlada of Bohemia).	Biagota	Strachkvas	Mlada
child	Xiong Yi was succeeded as ruler of Chu by his son Xiong Ai.	Xiong Yi	Xiong Ai
child	Henrietta Ponsonby, Countess of Bessborough (16 June 1761 -- 11 November 1821), born Lady Henrietta Frances Spencer (generally called Harriet), was the wife of Frederick Ponsonby, 3rd Earl of Bessborough, and mother of the notorious Lady Caroline Lamb.	Henrietta Ponsonby, Countess of Bessborough	Lady Caroline Lamb
child	Samuel Ireland (21 May 1744 -- July 1800), British author and engraver, is best remembered today as the chief victim of the Ireland Shakespeare forgeries created by his son, William Henry Ireland.	Samuel Ireland	William Henry Ireland
child	Concordance to the Greek Testament, with Alfred Shenington Geden , (subsequently revised by his grandson Harold Keeling Moulton, ISBN 0 567 08571 6) William F. Moulton, a memoir written by his two sons, William Fiddian Moulton Jr. and James Hope Moulton.	William Fiddian Moulton	James Hope Moulton
child	Princess Gryzelda Konstancja Zamoyska h. Jelita (1623--1672) was a Polish noble lady and mother of King Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki.	Gryzelda Konstancja Zamoyska	Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki
child	Deinomenes was the father of Hieron I, Gelo (or Gelon), Thrasyboulos, and Polyzelos.	Deinomenes	Gelo
child	Parmenion was a nobleman and father of Philotas.	Parmenion	Philotas
child	The children of Thaumas and Electra were the Harpies and Iris, the goddess of rainbows and a messenger of the gods; according to some, also Arke.	Thaumas	Iris	Arke
child	In 1954 Vyvyan Holland published his memoir Son of Oscar Wilde, which recounts the difficulties Wilde's wife and children faced after his imprisonment.	Oscar Wilde	Vyvyan Holland
child	All three of his sons (Louis Lully, Jean-Baptiste Lully fils, and Jean-Louis Lully) had musical careers as successive surintendants of the King's Music.	Jean-Baptiste Lully	Louis Lully	Jean-Louis Lully
child	A play, Gustav Adolf och Ebba Brahe, was written about Ebba Brahe by Gustav III of Sweden, composed by Johan Henric Kellgren, which was performed in the Gripsholm Castle Theatre in 1785; the play presents her son Magnus Gabriel De la Gardie as the son of the king.	Ebba Brahe	Magnus Gabriel De la Gardie
child	Personal Ensign's best runner was a daughter, My Flag, who was sired by Hall of Fame champion Easy Goer.	Personal Ensign	My Flag
child	Gertrude Elizabeth Allen (died 1824) Seymour Phillips Allen (1814--1861) Henry George Allen (1815--1908) John Hensleigh Allen (1818--1868) Isabel Georgina Allen (1820--1914), married George Lort Phillips	John Hensleigh Allen	Henry George Allen
child	Mercedes Morán made a cameo in Graduados in 2012, which starred her daughter Mercedes Scápola.	Mercedes Morán	Mercedes Scápola
child	Two years later, when Elizabeth Wolley's only son, Francis Wolley, was christened on 4 April 1583, the Queen stood godmother, with the Countess of Lincoln acting as her proxy, while both the Earl of Lincoln and the Earl of Leicester were personally present as the child's godfathers.	Elizabeth Wolley	Francis Wolley
child	The Aeneads included Aeneas's trumpeter Misenus, his father Anchises, his friends Achates, Sergestus, and Acmon, the healer Iapyx, the helmsman Palinurus, and his son Ascanius (also known as Iulus, Julus, or Ascanius Julius).	Aeneas	Ascanius
child	Mulk Raj Saraf died on 21 February 1989, at the age of 94, in Mumbai at the residence of his son, Ved Rahi, a known Bollywood film personality and the director of the film, Veer Savarkar.	Mulk Raj Saraf	Ved Rahi
child	Ivane Amilakhvari's grandson was Prince Dimitri Amilakhvari, a French hero of World War II.	Ivane Amilakhvari	Dimitri Amilakhvari
child	Tjuyu (sometimes transliterated as Thuya or Thuyu) was an Egyptian noblewoman, and the mother of queen Tiye, wife of pharaoh Amenhotep III. She is the grandmother of Akhenaten, and great grandmother of Tutankhamun.	Tjuyu	Tiye
child	Jay McGraw and Phil McGraw then formed Stage 29 Productions.	Phil McGraw	Jay McGraw
child	Malthace (Greek: Μαλθάκη) was a Samaritan woman who lived in the latter half of the 1st century BC. She was one of the wives of Herod the Great and the mother by Herod of Herod Antipas, Archelaus, and a daughter Olympias.	Malthace	Herod Antipas	Olympias
child	Perictione gave birth to Pyrilampes' second son, Antiphon, the half-brother of Plato, who appears in Parmenides, where he is said to have given up philosophy, in order to devote most of his time to horses.	Pyrilampes	Antiphon
child	There is also mention of an Alaksandu, suggested to be Paris Alexander (King Priam's son from the Iliad), a later ruler of the city of Wilusa who established peace between Wilusa and Hatti (see the Alaksandu treaty).	Priam	Paris
conflict	Roy Leitch (1882--1957) was a Canadian Rhodes scholar, professor, activist and soldier of the Serbian Campaign (World War I).	Roy Leitch	World War I
conflict	James Robb Church (January 1, 1866 -- May 18, 1923) was a United States Army Assistant Surgeon received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Spanish-- American War.	James Robb Church	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Louis-Victor-Léon de Rochechouart (14 September 1788, in Paris -- 1858, in Jumilhac-le-Grand) was a French general of the House of Rochechouart fighting in the Royalist, Imperial Russian and Bourbon armies of the Napoleonic Wars.	Louis-Victor-Léon de Rochechouart	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Henry Pierson Crowe (1899--1991) was a Marine of the Korean War, World War II, the Banana Wars, and World War I	Henry Pierson Crowe	Korean War	World War II
conflict	Silas Casey (July 12, 1807 -- January 22, 1882) was a career United States Army officer who rose to the rank of Major General during the American Civil War.	Silas Casey	American Civil War
conflict	Friedrich-Karl Nökel (2 June 1917 -- 17 October 1998) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II and an Oberst in the Bundeswehr.	Friedrich-Karl Nökel	World War II
conflict	In 1936 Martín Almagro Basch participated in Spanish Civil War and was listed as soldier in Falange Española de las JONS.	Martín Almagro Basch	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Ario Pardee, Jr. (October 28, 1839 -- March 16, 1901) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Ario Pardee, Jr.	American Civil War
conflict	Captain Stanley Stanger was a World War I flying ace credited with 13 confirmed aerial victories scored on the Italian Front.	Stanley Stanger	World War I
conflict	The V-42 stiletto was a stiletto and fighting knife issued during World War II to the First Special Service Force (1st SSF, aka Devil's Brigade), a joint Canadian/American commando unit.	V-42 stiletto	World War II
conflict	General Sir Thomas Kelly-Kenny, GCB, GCVO (1840--1914) was an British Army general who served in the Second Boer War.	Thomas Kelly-Kenny	Second Boer War
conflict	Joseph Lee Jayne (May 30, 1863 -- November 24, 1928) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy, and a veteran of the Spanish-- American War and World War I.	Joseph Lee Jayne	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Furio Niclot Doglio, MOVM (24 April 1908 -- 27 July 1942) was an Italian test pilot and World War II fighter pilot in the Regia Aeronautica.	Furio Niclot Doglio	World War II
conflict	Paul Billik (27 March 1891 -- 8 March 1926) was a World War I fighter ace credited with 31 victories.	Paul Billik	World War I
conflict	Louis Baraguey d'Hilliers (13 August 1764 -- 6 January 1813) was a French Army general who fought in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Louis Baraguey d'Hilliers	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette (French pronunciation: ​(maʁki də la fajɛt); 6 September 1757 -- 20 May 1834), in the U.S. often known simply as Lafayette, was a French aristocrat and military officer who fought for the United States in the American Revolutionary War.	Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Reactivated again in 1985, the division was designated the 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry) to historically tie it to the World War II division and to also better describe its modern disposition.	10th Mountain Division	World War II
conflict	Hamidur Rahman (2 February 1953 -- 28 October 1971) was a sepoy in Bangladesh Army during the Bangladesh Liberation War.	Hamidur Rahman	Bangladesh Liberation War
conflict	Carlo Orelli (December 23, 1894 -- January 22, 2005) was, at age 110, the last surviving Italian World War I veteran who joined the army at the onset of the war.	Carlo Orelli	World War I
conflict	Herman Pfisterer (April 1, 1866 -- August 6, 1905) was a musician serving in the United States Army during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Herman Pfisterer	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Helmuth Hufenbach (27 February 1908 -- 27 March 1945) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Helmuth Hufenbach	World War II
conflict	Johann Nepomuk von Nostitz-Rieneck (24 March 1768 -- 22 October 1840) commanded a cavalry division in the army of the Austrian Empire during the Napoleonic Wars.	Johann Nepomuk von Nostitz-Rieneck	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	The Finnish Army consisted of 9 field divisions, 4 brigades and a number of small independent battalions and companies at the beginning of the Winter War in 1939.	Finnish Army	Winter War
conflict	Willi Reschke (born 3 February 1922) is a German former Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes) during World War II, credited with 26 aerial victories in 70 missions.	Willi Reschke	World War II
conflict	Ioannis Trikoupis (1750 in Messolonghi -- 30 July 1824, in Messolonghi) was a Greek politician of the Greek War of Independence.	Ioannis Trikoupis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Gerd A. Wilhelm Meentzen (19 March 1915 -- 8 May 2001) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and later a Vizeadmiral with the Bundesmarine.	Wilhelm Meentzen	World War II
conflict	Konstantinos Davakis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Δαβάκης, 1897 -- 21 January 1943) was a Greek military officer in World War II. He organized the Greek defensive lines during the Battle of Pindus that led to Italian defeat in the first stage of the Greco-Italian War of 1940.	Konstantinos Davakis	Battle of Pindus	Greco-Italian War
conflict	Charles A. Taggart (January 17, 1843 - April 10, 1938) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	Charles A. Taggart	American Civil War
conflict	Wilhelm Ambrosius (14 June 1903 in Tuchel, West Prussia -- 29 September 1955) was a German U-boat officer in World War II and recipient of the German Cross in Gold (German: Deutsches Kreuz in Gold).	Wilhelm Ambrosius	World War II
conflict	Rear Admiral Charles Edgar Clark (August 10, 1843 -- October 1, 1922) was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War and the Spanish-- American War.	Charles Edgar Clark	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Günther Josten (7 November 1921 -- 7 July 2004) was a German Luftwaffe military aviator during World War II, a fighter ace credited with 178 enemy aircraft shot down in 420 combat missions, all of which claimed over the Eastern Front.	Günther Josten	World War II
conflict	Alexander Friedrich Adolf Heinrich von Zastrow (11 August 1801 -- 12 August 1875) was a Prussian general who served in the Austro-Prussian War and the Franco-German War.	Heinrich von Zastrow	Austro-Prussian War
conflict	Charles E. Morse (May 5, 1841 -- August 31, 1920) was an American Civil War soldier who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during The Battle of the Wilderness in that war.	Charles E. Morse	American Civil War
conflict	Jean de Vienne (1341 -- 25 September 1396) was a French knight, general and Admiral of France during the Hundred Years' War.	Jean de Vienne	Hundred Years' War
conflict	SS American Victory is a Victory ship which saw brief service in the Pacific Theater of Operations during the waning months of World War II, Korea from 1951-1954, and Vietnam from 1967-1969.	SS American Victory	World War II
conflict	Michael von Kienmayer (January 17, 1756, Vienna -- October 28, 1828) was an Austrian general who was active during the Napoleonic Wars.	Michael von Kienmayer	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Considered one of the most advanced weapon designs of World War II, the FG 42 influenced post-war small arms development, and most of its design was copied by the US Army when they developed the M60 machine gun.	FG 42	World War II
conflict	Karl Friedrich von dem Knesebeck (5 May 1768-- 12 January 1848) was a Prussian field marshal and military adviser in the Napoleonic Wars.	Karl Friedrich von dem Knesebeck	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	John Jackson Dickison (March 27, 1816 -- August 20, 1902) was an officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	John Jackson Dickison	American Civil War
conflict	Helmut Thumm (25 August 1895 -- 13 July 1977) was a German general of infantry, serving during World War II. Born in Ravensburg, Thumm entered service in World War I on August 8, 1914, and earned his commission as a Leutnant on August 2, 1915 in the 125th Infantry Regiment.	Helmut Thumm	World War I
conflict	Ernst Freiherr von Althaus (19 March 1890 -- 29 November 1946) was a German flying ace in World War I, credited with nine confirmed aerial victories, as well as eight unconfirmed ones.	Ernst Freiherr von Althaus	World War I
conflict	William McKnight (May 3, 1842 -- November 4, 1914) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the American Civil War.	William McKnight	American Civil War
conflict	Oberleutnant Eduard Ritter von Dostler (3 February 1892 - 21 August 1917), Pour le Mérite, Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Military Order of Max Joseph, Iron Cross, was a German World War I fighter ace credited with 26 victories.	Eduard Ritter von Dostler	World War I
conflict	The 23rd (Northumbrian) Division was a motorised infantry division of the British Army that saw active service in World War II in France in 1940, later being disbanded.	23rd (Northumbrian) Division	World War II
conflict	Dandridge McRae (October 10, 1829 -- April 23, 1899) was an American lawyer, court official, and Inspector General of Arkansas State Troops, as well as a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Dandridge McRae	American Civil War
conflict	Antonios Kriezis (Greek: Αντώνιος Κριεζής) (1796--1865) was a captain of the Greek navy during the Greek War of Independence and a Prime Minister of Greece from 1849 to 1854.	Antonios Kriezis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	William Thompson Lusk (May 23, 1838 -- June 12, 1897) was an American obstetrician and a soldier who rose to the rank of Assistant Adjutant-General in the United States Volunteers during the first three years of the American Civil War.	William Thompson Lusk	American Civil War
conflict	English translations of poems by Stramm were published by Patrick Bridgwater (August Stramm, 22 Poems,1969) and Jeremy Adler (Tim Cross, The Lost Voices of World War I,1988).	August Stramm	World War I
conflict	John Tweedale (June 10, 1841 -- December 21, 1920) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War and a recipient of America's highest military decoration the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Stones River.	John Tweedale	American Civil War	Battle of Stones River
conflict	Earle B. Hall (1919--1941) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received a posthumous Air Medal.	Earle B. Hall	World War II
conflict	William Archibald Kenneth Fraser, CB, CBE, DSO and Bar, MVO, MC (1886--1969) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II.	William Archibald Kenneth Fraser	World War I
conflict	Siegfried Gerstner (16 November 1916 -- 11 January 2013) was a Major in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and an Oberst in the Bundeswehr.	Siegfried Gerstner	World War II
conflict	Ludwig Kepplinger (31 December 1911 -- 26 August 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Ludwig Kepplinger	World War II
conflict	Valentín González González (November 4, 1904 -- October 20, 1983) was a Republican military commander during the Spanish Civil War.	Valentín González	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Roger Trinquier (20 March 1908 -- 11 January 1986) was a French Army officer during World War II, the First Indochina War and the Algerian War, serving mainly in airborne and special forces units.	Roger Trinquier	Algerian War
conflict	Gerd Suhren (16 May 1914, in Tafaigata, Samoa -- 6 May 1991 in Bonn), was a German U-boat engineer (Ingenieur - Ing.) in World War II and older brother of Fregattenkapitän and Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords recipient Reinhard Suhren.	Gerd Suhren	World War II
conflict	Major General John H. Church (June 28, 1892 -- November 3, 1953) was a U.S. Army officer who fought in World War I, World War II and in the Korean War.	John H. Church	World War II	Korean War
conflict	Otto Gieseke (24 March 1891 -- 21 July 1958) was a Brigadeführer (Brigadier General) and Generalmajor of Polizei in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Otto Gieseke	World War II
conflict	Hauptmann Diether Lukesch (born 15 July 1918, in Hadersdorf-Weidlingau, Penzing, Wien - died 28 February 2004) was World War II Luftwaffe bomber pilot.	Diether Lukesch	World War II
conflict	Charles Leonard's brother, William N. Leonard, was a World War II flying ace.	Charles Leonard	World War II
conflict	Oskar Freiherr von Boenigk (25 August 1893 -- 30 January 1946) was a German Generalmajor, he began his military career during World War I as a fighter ace credited with 26 victories.	Oskar Freiherr von Boenigk	World War I
conflict	General Sir William John Codrington GCB (1804 -- 6 August 1884) was a British general and politician who served in the Crimean War.	William John Codrington	Crimean War
conflict	George Bates Nichols Tower (1834 -- 1889) was an American civil and mechanical engineer and Union naval officer during the American Civil War.	George Bates Nichols Tower	American Civil War
conflict	Albert Oesterlin (14 January 1903 -- 23 January 1944) was a Korvettenkapitän of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Albert Oesterlin	World War II
conflict	Günther Straehler-Pohl (29 July 1917 -- 31 July 1980) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and a Oberst in the Bundeswehr.	Günther Straehler-Pohl	World War II
conflict	The U.S. Navy purchased her from the McNeal-Edwards Company of Reedville, Virginia, on 26 May 1917 for World War I use and commissioned her the same day as USS G. H. McNeal (SP-312) with Boatswain Alvin Downey, USNRF, in command.	USS G. H. McNeal (SP-312)	World War I
conflict	Lieutenant General Lâm Quang Thi (born 1932) was a senior military officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam during the Vietnam War.	Lâm Quang Thi	Vietnam War
conflict	Odon Guitar (August 31, 1825 -- March 13, 1908) was a general in the Union Missouri State Militia during the American Civil War.	Odon Guitar	American Civil War
conflict	Shelton B. Sutton, Jr. (1919--1942), was a United States Navy officer killed in action during World War II for whom two U.S. Navy ships were named.	Shelton B. Sutton, Jr.	World War II
conflict	Ne Myo Sithu (Burmese: နေမျိုးစည်သူ, pronounced: (nè mjó sìθù)) was the overall commander of Burmese military forces in the first half of the Sino-Burmese War (1765--1769).	Ne Myo Sithu	Sino-Burmese War
conflict	No. 94 Squadron RAF was a unit of the Royal Air Force that served during World War I & World War II. The squadron has been formed a total of four times.	No. 94 Squadron RAF	World War I
conflict	Paul Grenier (29 January 1768 -- 17 April 1827) joined the French royal army and rapidly rose to general officer rank during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Paul Grenier	French Revolutionary Wars
conflict	William J. Archinal (June 3, 1840 -- May 10, 1919) was an American Civil War Union Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Vicksburg.	William J. Archinal	American Civil War
conflict	Hermann-Friedrich Joppien (19 July 1912 -- 25 August 1941) was a German Luftwaffe military aviator during World War II, a fighter ace credited with 70 enemy aircraft shot down in roughly 270 combat missions.	Hermann-Friedrich Joppien	World War II
conflict	Conrad Homan (February 27, 1840 -- January 30, 1922) was a volunteer soldier in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Conrad Homan	American Civil War
conflict	Rudolf Witzig (14 August 1916 in Röhlinghausen, Wanne-Eickel -- 3 October 2001 in Oberschleißheim) was a German Fallschirmjäger during World War II and Oberst in the Bundeswehr.	Rudolf Witzig	World War II
conflict	William Andrew Quarles (July 4, 1825 -- December 28, 1893) was a Tennessee lawyer, politician, railroad executive, and a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	William Andrew Quarles	American Civil War
conflict	Heinz Wernicke (17 October 1920 -- 27 December 1944) was a German World War II fighter ace and was credited with 117 aerial victories--that is, 117 aerial combat encounters resulting in the destruction of the enemy aircraft.	Heinz Wernicke	World War II
constellation	HD 218061 is a class K4III (orange giant) star in the constellation Aquarius.	HD 218061	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 5247 is a face-on unbarred spiral galaxy located some 60 million light years away in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 5247	Virgo
constellation	83 Aquarii (abbreviated 83 Aqr) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	83 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	47 Ursae Majoris b (abbreviated 47 Uma b), also named Taphao Thong (Thai: ตะเภาทอง, rtgs: Taphaothong, pronounced (tā.pʰāw.tʰɔ̄ːŋ)), is an extrasolar planet approximately 46 light-years from Earth in the constellation of Ursa Major.	47 Ursae Majoris b	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 75289 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation of Vela.	HD 75289	Vela
constellation	Eta Delphini (η Del, η Delphini) is a star in the constellation Delphinus.	Eta Delphini	Delphinus
constellation	19 Arietis (abbreviated 19 Ari) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries.	19 Arietis	Aries
constellation	Nicknamed the Spare-tyre nebula, IC 5148 is a planetary nebula located around 1 degree west of Lambda Gruis in the constellation of Grus (The Crane).	IC 5148	Grus
constellation	NSV 1436, listed in the New Catalogue of Suspected Variable Stars (NSV), is a cataclysmic variable star in the constellation Perseus.	NSV 1436	Perseus
constellation	HD 142415 is a 7th magnitude yellow main-sequence star 113 light years from Earth in the southern constellation Norma.	HD 142415	Norma
constellation	HD 147506 is a magnitude 8.7 F8 dwarf star that is somewhat larger and hotter than our sun. The star is approximately 370 light years from Earth and is positioned near the keystone of Hercules.	HD 147506	Hercules
constellation	HD 164604 is a K dwarf star in the Sagittarius constellation.	HD 164604	Sagittarius
constellation	Winnecke 4 (also known as Messier 40 or WNC 4) is a double star in the constellation Ursa Major.	Winnecke 4	Ursa Major
constellation	Tau Cygni (τ Cyg) is a binary star system in the constellation Cygnus, approximately 69 light years away from Earth.	Tau Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	IC 2560 is a spiral galaxy lying over 110 million light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Antlia.	IC 2560	Antlia
constellation	Gamma Phoenicis is a star system in the constellation Phoenix.	Gamma Phoenicis	Phoenix
constellation	Zeta Ophiuchi (ζ Oph, ζ Ophiuchi) is a star located in the constellation of Ophiuchus.	Zeta Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	HD 142022 is a binary star system located in the southernmost constellation of Octans located at a distance of 117 ly.	HD 142022	Octans
constellation	35 Pegasi (35 Peg) is a star in the constellation Pegasus.	35 Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	44 Aquarii (abbreviated 44 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	44 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	HD 181342 is a K-type star approximately 361 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 181342	Sagittarius
constellation	Q Scorpii (Q Sco) is an orange giant star in the constellation Scorpius.	Q Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	NGC 2552 is a Magellanic spiral galaxy located some 22 million light years away in the faint northern constellation of Lynx.	NGC 2552	Lynx
constellation	HD 96566 (z1 Carinae, z1 Car) is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 96566	Carina
constellation	HD 88809 is a star in a double star system in the constellation Antlia.	HD 88809	Antlia
constellation	Palomar 12 is a globular cluster in the constellation Capricornus that belongs to the halo of the Milky Way Galaxy.	Palomar 12	Capricornus
constellation	3C 249.1 is a Seyfert galaxy located in the constellation Draco.	3C 249.1	Draco
constellation	Gliese 832 c (also known as Gl 832 c or GJ 832 c) is an extrasolar planet located approximately 16 light-years away in the constellation of Grus, orbiting the star Gliese 832, a red dwarf.	Gliese 832 c	Grus
constellation	Messier 65 (also known as NGC 3623) is an intermediate spiral galaxy about 35 million light-years away in the constellation Leo.	Messier 65	Leo
constellation	Mu Ceti (μ Ceti) is a binary system located in the constellation Cetus.	Mu Ceti	Cetus
constellation	20 Cancri (20 Cnc, d1 Cancri, d1 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	20 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	HD 173936 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra, approximately 1200 light years away from Earth.	HD 173936	Lyra
constellation	Zeta Gruis (ζ Gru) is a star in the constellation Grus.	Zeta Gruis	Grus
constellation	GRB 080916C is a gamma-ray burst (GRB) that was recorded on September 16, 2008 in the Carina constellation and detected by NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope.	GRB 080916C	Carina
constellation	HD 172051 (86 G. Sagittarii) is a main sequence star in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 172051	Sagittarius
constellation	28 Cancri (28 Cnc, CX Cancri, CX Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	28 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	ADS 48 is a multiple star system in the constellation of Andromeda consisting of 7 stars.	ADS 48	Andromeda
constellation	Chi Centauri (χ Cen, χ Centauri) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	Chi Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	Delta Leporis (δ Lep) is a class K1IV (orange subgiant) star in the constellation Lepus.	Delta Leporis	Lepus
constellation	HD 45364 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 107 light years away in the constellation of Canis Major, orbiting the 8th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 45364.	HD 45364 b	Canis Major
constellation	WISE 1405+5534 (full designation WISEPC J140518.40+553421.4) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0 (pec?), located in constellation Ursa Major at approximately 25.3 light-years from Earth.	WISE 1405+5534	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 64440, also known as a Puppis, is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Puppis.	HD 64440	Puppis
constellation	Mu Boötis (μ Boo, μ Boötis) is a triple star system in the constellation Boötes.	Mu Boötis	Boötes
constellation	Pi Piscium (Pi Psc, π Piscium, π Psc) is a star approximately 110 light years away from Earth, in the constellation Pisces.	Pi Piscium	Pisces
constellation	XO-5 is a yellow dwarf main sequence star located approximately 850 light-years away from Earth in the Lynx constellation.	XO-5	Lynx
constellation	HD 172555 is a white-hot A5V star located relatively close by, 95 light years from Earth in the direction of the constellation Pavo.	HD 172555	Pavo
constellation	Omicron Capricorni (ο Cap, ο Capricorni) is a binary star in the constellation Capricornus.	Omicron Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	Omicron Virginis (ο Vir, ο Virginis) is a star in the constellation Virgo.	Omicron Virginis	Virgo
constellation	HR 7703 (Gliese 783, 279 G. Sagittarii) is a binary star system in the constellation of Sagittarius.	HR 7703	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 6925 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Microscopium of apparent magnitude 11.3 which is lens-shaped as it lies almost edge on to observers on Earth.	NGC 6925	Microscopium
constellation	The M109 Group (also known as the NGC 3992 Group or Ursa Major cloud) is a group of galaxies about 55 million light-years away in the constellation Ursa Major.	M109 Group	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 137058 is a star in the constellation Lupus.	HD 137058	Lupus
constellation	NGC 21 (also known as NGC 29) is a spiral galaxy in the Andromeda constellation.	NGC 21	Andromeda
constellation	SWEEPS-04 is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star SWEEPS J175853.92−291120.6 in the constellation Sagittarius approximately 22000 light years away (based on a distance modulus of 14.1) from the Solar System.	SWEEPS-04	Sagittarius
constellation	GZ Velorum (GZ Vel) is a star in the constellation Vela.	GZ Velorum	Vela
constellation	56 Sagittarii (56 Sgr) is a star in the constellation Sagittarius.	56 Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 4449 (also known as Caldwell 21) is an irregular galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici.	NGC 4449	Canes Venatici
constellation	1 Aurigae is the original name for a star now in the constellation Perseus.	1 Aurigae	Perseus
constellation	IC 3418 is a galaxy that is most well noted for its tidal tail, which formed after the galaxy collided with the Virgo Supercluster some 54 million light years from Earth.	IC 3418	Virgo
constellation	HD 9446 is a star located about 171 light-years away in the constellation of Triangulum.	HD 9446	Triangulum
constellation	31 Comae Berenices (31 Com) is a yellow giant star in the constellation Coma Berenices.	31 Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	109 Tauri (109 Tau) is a yellow giant star in the constellation Taurus.	109 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	HD 39225, also known as HR 2028, is a variable star in the constellation Auriga.	HD 39225	Auriga
constellation	HD 149837 is a binary star in the southern constellation of Ara.	HD 149837	Ara
constellation	HD 102776, also known by its Bayer designation j Centauri (j Cen), is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 102776	Centaurus
constellation	Phi Piscium (Phi Psc, φ Piscium, φ Psc) is a binary star system approximately 380 light years away in the constellation Pisces.	Phi Piscium	Pisces
constellation	30 Piscium (30 Psc) is a star in the constellation Pisces.	30 Piscium	Pisces
constellation	Gamma Piscium (Gamma Psc, γ Piscium, γ Psc) is a star approximately 138 light years away from Earth, in the zodiac constellation of Pisces.	Gamma Piscium	Pisces
constellation	HIP 14810 is a G-type main-sequence star located approximately 170 light-years away in the constellation of Aries.	HIP 14810	Aries
constellation	HD 171238 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star HD 171238, located approximately 164 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 171238 b	Sagittarius
constellation	IC 2177 is a region of nebulosity that lies along the border between the constellations Monoceros and Canis Major.	IC 2177	Monoceros
constellation	HD 152082 is an A-type shell star in the southern constellation of Ara.	HD 152082	Ara
constellation	Kappa2 Coronae Australis (K2 CrA), is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis.	Kappa2 Coronae Australis	Corona Australis
constellation	Theta Delphini (θ Del, θ Delphini) is a star in the constellation Delphinus.	Theta Delphini	Delphinus
constellation	HD 4308 is a 6th magnitude star located approximately 72 light years away in the southern constellation of Tucana.	HD 4308	Tucana
constellation	HD 180450 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra, approximately 1,400 light years away from Earth.	HD 180450	Lyra
constellation	HD 162020 is an orange dwarf star in Scorpius constellation with a brown dwarf companion.	HD 162020	Scorpius
constellation	Wolf 424 is a binary star system comprising two red dwarf stars at a distance of approximately 14.2 light years from the Sun. It is located in the constellation Virgo, between the stars ε Virginis and ο Virginis.	Wolf 424	Virgo
constellation	HAT-P-12b is an extrasolar planet approximately 465 light years away from Earth, orbiting the 13th magnitude K-type star HAT-P-12, which is located in Canes Venatici constellation.	HAT-P-12b	Canes Venatici
constellation	Upsilon Piscium (Upsilon Psc, υ Piscium, υ Psc) is a star approximately 310 light years away from Earth, in the constellation Pisces.	Upsilon Piscium	Pisces
constellation	Rho Capricorni (ρ Cap, ρ Capricorni) is a binary star in the constellation Capricornus.	Rho Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	NGC 5930 is a starburst galaxy in the constellation Boötes that is interacting with the nearby Seyfert galaxy NGC 5929.	NGC 5930	Boötes
constellation	NGC 3184 is a spiral galaxy approximately 40 million light-years away in the constellation Ursa Major.	NGC 3184	Ursa Major
constellation	15 Aquarii (abbreviated 15 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius.	15 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 5291 is a system of interacting galaxies in the constellation Centaurus.	NGC 5291	Centaurus
constellation	Upsilon Herculis (υ Her) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	Upsilon Herculis	Hercules
constellation	HD 52265 b is a gas giant exoplanet located approximately 92 light-years away in the constellation of Monoceros, orbiting the star HD 52265.	HD 52265 b	Monoceros
constellation	Iota Trianguli Australis (ι TrA, ι Trianguli Australis) is a triple star system in the constellation Triangulum Australe.	Iota Trianguli Australis	Triangulum Australe
constellation	NGC 2903 is a field barred spiral galaxy about 30 million light-years away in the constellation Leo.	NGC 2903	Leo
constellation	3C 390.3 is a broad-line radio galaxy located in the constellation Draco.	3C 390.3	Draco
constellation	51 Ophiuchi (51 Oph) is a star located approximately 410 light years away in the constellation Ophiuchus, northwest of the center of the Milky Way.	51 Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	49 Aquarii (abbreviated 49 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	49 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	24 Cephei (24 Cep) is a star in the constellation Cepheus.	24 Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	RS Ophiuchi (RS Oph) is a recurrent nova system approximately 5,000 light-years away in the constellation Ophiuchus.	RS Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	Gliese 179 b (also known as HIP 22627 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the M-type main sequence star Gliese 179, located approximately 40 light years away in the constellation Orion.	Gliese 179 b	Orion
constellation	HD 50554 is a star approximately 98 light-years (30 pc) away in the constellation Gemini.	HD 50554	Gemini
country of citizenship	In this time of his life, he also started as an actor by a theatre group called Orkater which was set in Haarlem, Netherlands Gerrit van Dijk has an extensive filmography.	Gerrit van Dijk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hettiwatte Hemantha Devapriya (born Galle, 12 April 1958) is a former cricketer who played first-class cricket for Sri Lanka.	Hemantha Devapriya	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Pál Závada (1954 in Tótkomlós (Slovenský Komlóš), Hungary) is the Hungarian writer, member of Slovak minority in Hungary, writing in Hungarian.	Pál Závada	Hungary
country of citizenship	Richard Langton Baker (May 14, 1870 in Strathroy, Ontario, Canada -- January 3, 1951) was a Canadian politician.	Richard Langton Baker	Canada
country of citizenship	Slim Smith (born Keith Smith, 1948, Kingston, Jamaica, died 1973) was a ska, rocksteady and reggae singer.	Slim Smith	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Dan Fraser (born c. 1963 in Castor, Alberta) is the President of Nettwerk Management and one of 4 co-founders of the Nettwerk Music Group, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Dan Fraser	Canada
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Abad Grijalva (August 1, 1910 - June 13, 2009) was an Ecuadorian educator who served as Ecuador's Minister of Education and was a delegate of UNESCO.	Gonzalo Abad Grijalva	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Lola Hoffmann (Helena Jacoby) (March 19, 1904 in Riga, Latvia -- April 30, 1988 in Santiago, Chile) was a physiologist and psychiatrist.	Lola Hoffmann	Chile
country of citizenship	Annette Andre (born 24 June 1939 in Sydney, Australia) is an actress best known for her work on British television throughout the 1960s and 1970s.	Annette Andre	Australia
country of citizenship	Bernabe Buscayno, also called Kumander Dante, is the founder of the New People's Army, the military wing of the Communist Party of the Philippines.	Bernabe Buscayno	Philippines
country of citizenship	Sos Sargsyan was born in Stepanavan in northern Armenia, at the time part of the Soviet Union.	Sos Sargsyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Selçuk Çebi (born June 3, 1982 in Araklı, Trabzon Province, Turkey) is a Turkish wrestler.	Selçuk Çebi	Turkey
country of citizenship	Carl Richard Nyberg (May 28, 1858, -- 1939) was the founder of Max Sieverts Lödlampfabrik, then one of the largest industries in Sundbyberg, Sweden.	Carl Richard Nyberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kjell Storvik (born 20 November 1930) is a Norwegian economist and former Governor of the Central Bank of Norway.	Kjell Storvik	Norway
country of citizenship	Bruno Simma (born March 29, 1941 in Quierschied, Germany), is a German jurist who served as a judge on the International Court of Justice from 2003 until 2012.	Bruno Simma	Germany
country of citizenship	Gernot Kellermayr (born April 5, 1966) is a retired decathlete from Austria.	Gernot Kellermayr	Austria
country of citizenship	Alla Lysenko (born 31 May 1969) is a Paralympic rower for Ukraine.	Alla Lysenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	A. Tamilarasi (born April 5, 1976) is the former Minister for Adi-Dravidar and Tribal Welfare in Tamil Nadu state of India.	A. Tamilarasi	India
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Imran Ullah Khan (born 3 December 1932) is a retired Pakistan Army general.	Imran Ullah Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Captain Mohiuddin Jahangir (Bengali: মহিউদ্দীন জাহাঙ্গীর) was an officer in the Bangladesh Army during the 1971 Liberation War.	Mohiuddin Jahangir	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Piotr Świst (born June 20, 1968 in Poland) is a Polish speedway rider who won Individual U-21 Polish Championship three times.	Piotr Świst	Poland
country of citizenship	Lokua Kanza (born April 1958) is a singer-songwriter from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lokua Kanza	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Tarja Turunen was born in the small village of Puhos, near Kitee, Finland.	Tarja Turunen	Finland
country of citizenship	Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino (born August 21, 1938, in Aguadulce, in the province of Coclé) was President of Panama from October 11, 1984, to September 28, 1985.	Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino	Panama
country of citizenship	Stan Shih (Chinese: 施振榮; pinyin: Shī Zhènróng; b. December 18, 1944 in Rokkō Town (鹿港街), Shōka District (彰化郡) of Taichū Prefecture, Japanese Taiwan) is founder, president, and chairman of Acer Inc..	Stan Shih	Taiwan
country of citizenship	François Halard was born in 1961 in France but now spends time between homes in New York and France.	François Halard	France
country of citizenship	Ewelina Lukaszewska (born Ewelina Malgorzata Lukaszewska in 1987) is a Polish film director, model and actress, who appeared in the films Haunted Poland, Aleksandr's Price and Who's There?.	Ewelina Lukaszewska	Poland
country of citizenship	Beny Parnes is a Brazilian economist, former Director for International Affairs of the Central Bank of Brazil.	Beny Parnes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sontaya Keawbundit (Thai: สนธยา แก้วบัณฑิต; rtgs: Sonthaya Kaeobandit) is a member of the Thailand women's national volleyball team.	Sontaya Keawbundit	Thailand
country of citizenship	François Dominique Séraphin (15 February 1747 -- 5 December 1800) was a French entertainer who developed and popularised shadow plays in France.	François Dominique Séraphin	France
country of citizenship	Manuel Ramil (born March 8, 1978 in Ares, A Coruña, Spain) was the keyboardist for the Power metal band WarCry.	Manuel Ramil	Spain
country of citizenship	Jürgen Marcus (born Jürgen Beumer, 6 June 1948 in Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German schlager singer who was most successful during the 1970s, when he had 14 chart hits in Germany.	Jürgen Marcus	Germany
country of citizenship	Jojo Cobbinah (born 25 May 1948 in Bogoso North of Tarkwa, Western Region) is a Ghanaian author living in Accra, Ghana.	Jojo Cobbinah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Edward Kidson (12 March 1882--12 June 1939) was a New Zealand meteorologist and scientific administrator.	Edward Kidson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Flint Cahan (February 1, 1889 -- November 8, 1928) was an engineer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	John Flint Cahan	Canada
country of citizenship	Thomas Inkerman Thomson (March 21, 1855 -- February 9, 1919) was a hardware merchant and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Thomas Inkerman Thomson	Canada
country of citizenship	Henri Guissou was senator from Côte d'Ivoire from 1947 to 1948, and member for French Upper Volta to the National Assembly of France from 1949 to 1959, Guissou also served in the French Senate from 1947-1948.	Henri Guissou	France
country of citizenship	Adam Tzanetopoulos (Greek: Αδάμ Τζανετόπουλος) (born 10 February 1995 in Volos, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays for AEK Athens in the Super League as a centre back.	Adam Tzanetopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	William Laird Whitby (30 January 1838 -- 12 October 1922) was a notable New Zealand master mariner and ship owner.	William Laird Whitby	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jarrod McCracken (born 27 March 1970) is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer of the 1990s.	Jarrod McCracken	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thomas Stachewicz (5 December 1965) is a former freestyle and backstroke swimmer, who represented Australia at three Summer Olympics.	Thomas Stachewicz	Australia
country of citizenship	Eric Swinkels (born March 30, 1949, Best, Netherlands) is a Dutch sports shooter and Olympic medalist.	Eric Swinkels	Netherlands
country of citizenship	George Beetham, F.R.G.S., M.H.R. (1840 -- 20 August 1915), known to Māori as Hori Pitama, was a New Zealand politician and alpinist.	George Beetham	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lilia Dizon (real name Claire Strauss; born 1928 in Pampanga, Philippines) is a postwar Filipina actress.	Lilia Dizon	Philippines
country of citizenship	Pascal Atuma (born February 22, 1972 in Umuahia, Abia State, Nigeria) is a Nigerian actor, screenwriter, director and producer.	Pascal Atuma	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Rolf Aldag (born 25 August 1968 in Beckum, Germany) is a former professional road bicycle racer who rode for Team Telekom from 1993 to 2005.	Rolf Aldag	Germany
country of citizenship	Imelda Fransisca (born 24 September 1982, in Bogor, West Java) was the first Miss Indonesia in 2005.	Imelda Fransisca	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Viola Haqi (born 8 February 1981 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch fashion model of mixed Dutch and Iraqi heritage.	Viola Haqi	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jonas Alströmer (7 January 1685 -- 2 June 1761) was a pioneer of agriculture and industry in Sweden.	Jonas Alströmer	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ismael Pérez Pazmiño (Machala, June 30, 1876 - Los Angeles, November 1, 1944) was founder of El Universo newspaper of Guayaquil, Ecuador, and former senator of El Oro province.	Ismael Pérez Pazmiño	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Pavel Hoftych (born 9 May 1967) is a Czech football manager and former player, who currently manages Czech Republic U19.	Pavel Hoftych	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Laura Lima (born 1971 in Minas Gerais, Brazil) is an artist, winner of the Bonnefanten Award 2014, 50,000 Euros and solo exhibition at Bonnefantenmuseum, autumn 2014.	Laura Lima	Brazil
country of citizenship	Johan Wanloo (born July 16, 1972, in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a comic book creator known for his many comic strips published in newspapers, tabloids, and magazines including the Swedish version of MAD Magazine.	Johan Wanloo	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ioan D. Caragiani (February 11, 1841, Avdella, Greece -- January 13, 1921, Iaşi, Romania) was a Romanian folklorist and translator.	Ioan D. Caragiani	Romania
country of citizenship	Berit Hynne is a Norwegian handball player who played for the club Levanger HK and for the Norway women's national handball team.	Berit Hynne	Norway
country of citizenship	Sabrina Ferilli (born 28 June 1964 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian theater and movie actress.	Sabrina Ferilli	Italy
country of citizenship	Achour Fenni (Arabic: عاشور فني) is an Algerian poet, translator and academician, who has participated in several scientific, cultural and literary meetings in Algeria, North Africa, Europe, North America and South America.	Achour Fenni	Algeria
country of citizenship	Patrick Majewski (born December 23, 1979 in Radom, Poland) is a Polish professional boxer who is the reigning NABF Middleweight professional boxing champion.	Patrick Majewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Rupert Gerritsen was born in Geraldton, Western Australia in 1953, of Dutch parents.	Rupert Gerritsen	Australia
country of citizenship	Dejan Tofčević (Serbian Cyrillic - Дејан Тофчевић) (born on 10 June 1971 in Užice, Serbia, but spent his childhood in Bajina Bašta, Serbia) is a writer of satirical short forms such as aphorisms, short stories and poetry.	Dejan Tofčević	Serbia
country of citizenship	Rolf Ellmer (born 3 December 1960), also known by the names Jam El Mar and Trancy Spacer, is a classically trained musician and composer (concert-guitarist) and has become one of Germany's most known house and trance producers.	Rolf Ellmer	Germany
country of citizenship	Inaros I of Athribis (fl. c. 665 BC) was an ancient Egyptian prince who rebelled against the Assyrians during their short-lived occupation of Egypt.	Inaros I	Egypt
country of citizenship	Omar Ahmed (born December 29, 1979) is an amateur boxer from Kenya, who is also known as Ahmed Rajab Omari.	Omar Ahmed	Kenya
country of citizenship	Dowager Sultana Khnata bent Bakkar (خناتة بنت بكار), (died 1754), was de facto ruler of Morocco from 1727 to ca.	Khnata bent Bakkar	Morocco
country of citizenship	Rena Kyriakou (25 February 1917 -- August 1994) was a pianist and composer born in Herakleion, Crete, Greece.	Rena Kyriakou	Greece
country of citizenship	Brett Gosper (born 21 June 1959 in Melbourne, Australia) is CEO of World Rugby and a former advertising executive and rugby union player.	Brett Gosper	Australia
country of citizenship	Haluk Akakçe (born 1970 in Turkey) is a contemporary artist living and working in New York and Istanbul whose work explores the intersections between society and technology through video animations, wall paintings and sound installations.	Haluk Akakçe	Turkey
country of citizenship	James Kilbane was the runner up in Ireland's national talent television show You're A Star in 2004.	James Kilbane	Ireland
country of citizenship	Thomas Hammarberg (born 2 January 1942 in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden) is a Swedish diplomat and human rights defender.	Thomas Hammarberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Aleksis Kivi was born in Nurmijärvi, Grand Duchy of Finland, into a tailor's family.	Aleksis Kivi	Finland
country of citizenship	Werner Asam (born October 17, 1944, in Mallersdorf, Germany) is a German television actor, director, and writer.	Werner Asam	Germany
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Hồng Nhị was a MiG-21 fighter ace of the Vietnam People's Air Force's 921st Fighter Regiment.	Nguyễn Hồng Nhị	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Dedi Hartono (born in Bandar Lampung December 12, 1987) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays for Barito Putera in the Indonesia Super League.	Dedi Hartono	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Christopher Minko (born 23 September 1956, Myrtleford, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian composer, lyricist, guitarist, vocalist and the founder of the Phnom Penh-based Delta blues group:	Christopher Minko	Australia
country of citizenship	Tang Hualong (1874 -- September 1, 1918), was the education minister from 1914 to 1915 and the interior minister in 1917 in the Republic of China.	Tang Hualong	China
country of citizenship	James Goodridge (1852 -- March 13, 1900) was a politician in Alberta, Canada and a municipal councillor in Edmonton.	James Goodridge	Canada
country of citizenship	Samuel Sam Bockarie widely known as Mosquito (2 October 1964 − 5 May 2003) was a leading member of the Revolutionary United Front (RUF) in Sierra Leone.	Sam Bockarie	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Ann Louisa Mackay (née Budge, 23 January 1843 -- 24 August 1908) was a New Zealand farmer, feminist, community leader and inventor.	Elizabeth Ann Louisa Mackay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maryo J. de los Reyes is a film and television director from the Philippines.	Maryo J. de los Reyes	Philippines
country of citizenship	Saint Romulus of Fiesole (Italian: San Romolo) is venerated as the patron saint of Fiesole, Italy.	Romulus of Fiesole	Italy
country of citizenship	Su'a William Sio is a politician who became a member of the New Zealand House of Representatives on 1 April 2008 for the Labour Party as a list MP.	William Sio	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Emil von Qvanten (22 August 1827, Pori, Finland -- 5 December 1903) was a Finnish-Swedish poet, librarian, publisher and politician.	Emil von Qvanten	Finland
country of citizenship	Ledi Bianku (born 22 February 1971 in Shkodër, Albania) is a judge at the European Court of Human Rights, elected in respect of Albania on 1 February 2008.	Ledi Bianku	Albania
country of citizenship	Stefan Lexa (born 1 November 1976 in Klagenfurt, Austria) is an Austrian retired football player.	Stefan Lexa	Austria
country of citizenship	Vicente Boluda Fos (born 31 March 1955 in Valencia, Spain) is the president of Aguas de Valencia and former president of Spanish sports club Real Madrid.	Vicente Boluda	Spain
country of citizenship	Flávio Viana da Silva (born 1984 in Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who also known by the Spanish nickname Flaviño most recently played for UES.	Flávio Viana da Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Manuel Antonio Bonilla Nava (October 15, 1806, Cartago, Costa Rica - 1880) was a Costa Rican politician.	Manuel Antonio Bonilla Nava	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	He was born in L’Acadie, Lower Canada, the son of Louis Molleur and Marie-Angèle Mailloux, and was educated there.	Louis Molleur	Canada
country of citizenship	Simeon Datumanong (born June 17, 1935) is a Filipino-Muslim politician who held different government positions and currently serves as a Representative of the lone district of Maguindanao in the House of Representatives of the Philippines.	Simeon Datumanong	Philippines
country of citizenship	Bernardo Lorenziti (c. 1764- after 1813) and his brother Antonio Lorenziti (Aix, c. 1740-1789 ) were two Italian musicians and composers, active mainly in France.	Bernardo Lorenziti	France
country of citizenship	Olivier Zarrouati (born April 16, 1958, Toulon, France) is a French engineer and business man.	Olivier Zarrouati	France
country of citizenship	Jason Cask (born 7 February 1971) is the Senior Pastor of C7 Church and a former professional tennis player from Australia.	Jason Cask	Australia
country of citizenship	Zeinat Olwi (Arabic: زينات علوي‎) whose stage name was Zurah, (1930-1988) was one of the leading belly dancers in Egypt in the middle of the twentieth century.	Zeinat Olwi	Egypt
country of citizenship	Jacob Shibley (October 31, 1778 -- November 11, 1869) was a gentleman farmer and political figure in Lower Canada.	Jacob Shibley	Canada
country of citizenship	Johann Carl Enslen, a German landscape painter, who was born in 1769 and died in 1849, was well known in his time for his panoramas, which were the first introduced into Germany.	Johann Carl Enslen	Germany
country of citizenship	Teodor Aaron (or Aron) (Cikendál, Transylvania (now Ţichindeal, Romania), 1803 - February 6, 1867) was a Romanian Greek Catholic clergyman and historian.	Teodor Aaron	Romania
country of citizenship	John Bell Thomson (1835?--1896) was a notable New Zealand police officer and detective.	John Bell Thomson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Noelia López Vidal (born in Lebrija, Sevilla, Spain on November 10, 1986) is a Spanish model known for winning the second cycle of the Spanish TV Contest 'Supermodelo 2007'.	Noelia López	Spain
country of citizenship	Hadi Hobeich (born July 1, 1974 in Al Qoubaiyat), is a Lebanese politician, lawmaker and MP of the Akkar district in North Lebanon since 2005.	Hadi Hobeich	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Kate Bliss (née Alcock) is an antiques expert from the United Kingdom who has appeared on the BBC's Bargain Hunt, Flog It! and Secret Dealers, and has presented Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is.	Kate Bliss	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Giorgi Chantouria (Georgian: გიორგი ჭანტურია) (born January 23, 1989) is a former tennis player from Georgia, who played on the ITF Futures tournaments and Davis Cup.	Giorgi Chantouria	Georgia
country of citizenship	Kertson Manswell (born October 28, 1976 in Charlotteville, Tobago) also known as The Pride of Tobago is a heavyweight boxer from Trinidad and Tobago.	Kertson Manswell	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Fahad Albutairi (Arabic: فهد البتيري‎; born May 12, 1985) is the first Saudi stand-up comedian to appear on stage professionally in Saudi Arabia and in the Gulf states.	Fahad Albutairi	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Shi Dongpeng (simplified Chinese: 史冬鹏; traditional Chinese: 史冬鵬; pinyin: Shǐ Dōngpéng, born January 6, 1984 in Hebei, People's Republic of China) is a Chinese hurdler who specializes in the 110 metre hurdles.	Shi Dongpeng	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Kristian Ghedina (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkristjan ɡeˈdina); born 20 November 1969) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Italy.	Kristian Ghedina	Italy
country of citizenship	Lahpai Seng Raw (Burmese: လဖိုင်ဆိုင်းရော်) is the founder of Myanmar's largest civil society group, Metta Development Foundation, in 1997 which runs healthcare, agriculture and peace projects in Kachin State.	Lahpai Seng Raw	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Takashi Kashiwada (柏田 貴史, born May 14, 1971 in Yatsushiro, Kumamoto, Japan) is a retired Japanese professional baseball player.	Takashi Kashiwada	Japan
country of citizenship	Richard Clitherow (18 January 1902 -- 3 June 1947) was a Labour party politician in the United Kingdom.	Richard Clitherow	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Francis Brunn (15 November 1922 in Aschaffenburg, Germany -- 28 May 2004 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) was a German juggler.	Francis Brunn	Germany
country of citizenship	Palghat Parameswara Bhagavathar (1815-1892) was a Carnatic music composer and musician born in Nurani, Kerala, India.	Palghat Parameswara Bhagavathar	India
country of citizenship	Michiel Daniel Overbeek (15 September 1920, Ermelo, Mpumalanga, South Africa -- 19 July 2001, Johannesburg), also known as Danie Overbeek, was a South African amateur astronomer and one of the most prolific variable star observers.	Michiel Daniel Overbeek	South Africa
country of citizenship	His father's Communist Party membership made it impossible for Costa-Gavras to attend university in Greece or to be granted a visa to the United States, so after high school he went to France, where he began studying law in 1951.	Costa-Gavras	Greece
country of citizenship	Georgia Germein is an acoustic pop singer-songwriter, based in Adelaide, Australia.	Georgia Germein	Australia
country of citizenship	Benegas' father was José María Benegas Echeverría, an exiled Basque Nationalist politician, who fled Spain in 1939 following the victory of Francisco Franco in the Spanish Civil War.	José María Benegas	Spain
country of citizenship	Marzio Strassoldo di Graffembergo (born December 23, 1939 in Gorizia, Italy) was the president of the Province of Udine (Italy).	Marzio Strassoldo	Italy
country of citizenship	Laurent Dufaux (born 20 May 1969 in Montreux, Switzerland) is a former professional road cyclist from 1991 to 2004.	Laurent Dufaux	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Deepak Bhusal (born 8 March 1990) is a footballer from Nepal.	Deepak Bhusal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Govindan Aravindan (Malayalam: ഗോവിന്ദന്‍ അരവിന്ദന്‍; 21 January 1935 -- 15 March 1991), popularly known as G. Aravindan, was a film director, screenwriter, musician, cartoonist and painter from Kerala, India.	G. Aravindan	India
country of citizenship	Marijan Kanjer (born 1 October 1973 in Rijeka) is a freestyle swimmer from Croatia, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996.	Marijan Kanjer	Croatia
country of citizenship	Lincoln Arthur Winstone Efford (4 August 1907--24 April 1962) was a New Zealand pacifist, social reformer and adult educationalist.	Lincoln Arthur Winstone Efford	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Francis Mander (1849--1942) was an Independent Conservative then from 1909 a Reform Party member of parliament in New Zealand.	Francis Mander	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eli Landsem (born 22 March 1962) is a Norwegian former international footballer who was the coach of the Norway women's national football team between 2009 and 2012.	Eli Landsem	Norway
country of citizenship	Tim Mahon is a New Zealand musician who played in The Plague, The Whizz Kids and Blam Blam Blam.	Tim Mahon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marco Martins (born 1972 in Lisbon, Portugal) is a Portuguese film director, best known for his 2005 film Alice, which premiered at Cannes and won the Best Picture Award at the Directors' Fortnight.	Marco Martins	Portugal
country of citizenship	Irene Clarin (born 16 May 1955 in Munich, Germany) is a German television and theatre actress.	Irene Clarin	Germany
country of citizenship	Kweku Anno is a Ghanaian engineer and inventor who has had a major impact on reducing organic waste pollution in Ghana.	Kweku Anno	Ghana
country of citizenship	Esben Esther Pirelli Benestad (born 3 May 1949) is a Norwegian physician and sexologist who is also known as one of Norway's most prominent trans people.	Esben Esther Pirelli Benestad	Norway
country of citizenship	Roberto Rivas (born July 17, 1941 -- died in 1972) was a football player from El Salvador.	Roberto Rivas	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Nils Foss graduated as civil engineers in 1952 and was then employed at Torben Søderberg in Denmark as Sales engineer.	Nils Foss	Denmark
country of citizenship	Georgy Millyar was born into a wealthy family of Franz de Milieu, a French bridge builder working in Russia, and Elizaveta Zhuravlyova, a daughter of an Irkutsk goldminer.	Georgy Millyar	Russia
country of citizenship	Victor Helu (6 April 1983 - 18 December 2009) was a Namibian footballer with F.C. Civics Windhoek of the Namibia Premier League and the Namibia national football team.	Victor Helu	Namibia
country of citizenship	Colleen Curran is a Quebec playwright, novelist, teacher and actor who has written more than 20 plays that have been staged across Canada, the United States and Australia.	Colleen Curran	Canada
country of citizenship	While he was still young playing in the Union Sporting Bujumbura, it was under the order of coach Piere Nkurunziza, President of the Republic of Burundi actuelly Juma Mossi was one of the pioneers of Burundi football in the world.	Juma Mossi	Burundi
country of citizenship	Dimitar Kutrovsky (Bulgarian: Димитър Кутровски; born 27 August 1987,) is a retired tennis player from Bulgaria.	Dimitar Kutrovsky	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Kavoos Hasanli (Persian: کاووس حسن‌لی), born May 22, 1962 in Qanat-e-No in Iran, is poet, critic and professor at Shiraz University.	Kavoos Hasanli	Iran
country of citizenship	Mambou Aimée Gnali was Minister of Culture and the Arts, in charge of Tourism, in the government of the Republic of the Congo from January 1999 to August 2002.	Mambou Aimée Gnali	Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Hasan Mushaima (Arabic: حسن مشيمع‎) is an opposition leader in Bahrain and the secretary-general of the Haq Movement, an important opposition party in Bahrain.	Hasan Mushaima	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Witmer (née Gosar; born October 16, 1946) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.	Elizabeth Witmer	Canada
country of citizenship	In addition, in 1978 Pat Ribble went to the world championships in Prague with Team Canada and came home with a bronze medal.	Pat Ribble	Canada
country of citizenship	Rauf Dhomi (Albanian: Rauf Domi) (born 4 December 1945 in Gjakova, Yugoslavia -- in present-day Kosovo) is a Kosovan classical music composer and conductor and a teacher at the University of Pristina.	Rauf Dhomi	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Jennie Macandrew (6 September 1866--24 December 1949) was a New Zealand pianist, organist, music teacher and conductor.	Jennie Macandrew	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lorenzo Ferrero has received commissions from numerous festivals and institutions, his works being constantly performed throughout Europe and North America, particularly in Italy, Germany, France, Great Britain, Spain, Finland, Russia, the Czech Republic, and the United States.	Lorenzo Ferrero	Italy
country of citizenship	Roda Ali Wais (born 14 April 1984) is a middle-distance athlete who competed for Djibouti before defecting to Australia.	Roda Ali Wais	Djibouti
country of citizenship	Huang Kun (Chinese: 黄昆; pinyin: Huáng Kūn) (September 2, 1919 -- July 6, 2005), born in Beijing, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, was a well-known physicist in the People's Republic of China.	Huang Kun	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Marcel Chaput (October 14, 1918 - January 19, 1991) was a scientist and a militant for the independence of Quebec from Canada.	Marcel Chaput	Canada
country of citizenship	Hande Doğandemir (born November 22, 1985 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish actress, TV host and sociologist.	Hande Doğandemir	Turkey
country of citizenship	James Monie (born 18 November 1982 in Coffs Harbour, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian footballer who plays for Hamilton Olympic.	James Monie	Australia
country of citizenship	Yapa Appuhamilage Anura Priyadharshana (known as Anura Priyadharshana Yapa born 18 January 1959) MP is Sri Lanka's Cabinet Minister of Disaster Management in 15th Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Anura Priyadharshana Yapa	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Vincent Loosjes (1787, Haarlem -- 3 April 1841, Haarlem), was a 19th-century writer and publisher from the Northern Netherlands.	Vincent Loosjes	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Brice Conrad (born 18 July 1985, in Pfulgriesheim, France) is a French singer-songwriter and musician of pop rock and folk music and is signed to Universal Music France.	Brice Conrad	France
country of citizenship	Jandre Coetzee (born 15 January 1984 in Springbok, South Africa) is a South African first class cricketer for Griqualand West.	Jandre Coetzee	South Africa
country of citizenship	Alhaji Ibrahim Coomassie, was an Inspector General of Police of Nigeria from 1993 to 1999, serving under the military governments of Generals Sani Abacha and Abdulsalami Abubakar.	Ibrahim Coomassie	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Sandro Casamonica (born December 3, 1969 in Rome) is a professional boxer from Italy, who won the bronze medal in the featherweight division at the 1989 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Athens, Greece.	Sandro Casamonica	Italy
country of citizenship	José Greco was born in Montorio nei Frentani, Italy of Italian parents.	José Greco	Italy
country of citizenship	Ralf Scheepers (born 5 February 1965 in Esslingen, Germany) is the vocalist for German heavy metal band Primal Fear.	Ralf Scheepers	Germany
country of citizenship	Robert Owen Page (1897--1957) was a New Zealand pacifist and industrial chemist.	Robert Owen Page	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Luis Enrique Méndez (born November 16, 1973) is a former world champion in Greco-Roman Wrestling competing for Cuba.	Luis Enrique Méndez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ovila Bergeron was a politician and business person in Quebec, Canada.	Ovila Bergeron	Canada
country of citizenship	Gonzalo López-Gallego (born 27 June 1973) is a film director from Spain, who is best known for his movie Apollo 18, a 2011 sci-fi thriller and horror film starring Warren Christie, Lloyd Owen, and Ryan Robbins.	Gonzalo López-Gallego	Spain
country of citizenship	In 2013 NY lifestyle magazine Fader referred to Nicolas Makelberge as ``Probably the planet's most underrated producer'' In 2010, the follow-up record to Dying in Africa, The Unforgettable Planet, mostly an instrumental album was once again nominated at independent music makers awards, Manifestgalan in Sweden.	Nicolas Makelberge	Sweden
country of citizenship	Mustafa Karim Abdullah (Arabic: مصطفى كريم عبدالله‎) (born July 21, 1987 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer.	Mustafa Karim	Iraq
country of citizenship	Trương Vĩnh Ký (chu Han 張永記), known as Pétrus Ky and Jean-Baptiste Pétrus, (Vĩnh Long Province, 6 December 1837 - 1 September 1898) was a Vietnamese scholar whose publications helped improve understanding between colonial Vietnam and Europe.	Pétrus Ky	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Cora E. (born 1968 in Kiel, Germany as Sylvia Macco) is a former nurse turned hip-hop artist who emerged in the early underground German hip hop culture.	Cora E.	Germany
country of citizenship	Vasco Tagliavini (born October 17, 1937 in Reggio Emilia) is an Italian former professional football player and coach who also coached the Italy national futsal team.	Vasco Tagliavini	Italy
country of citizenship	Cornelis Vreeswijk ( Swedish pronunciation , Dutch pronunciation ) (8 August 1937 -- 12 November 1987) was a singer-songwriter, poet and actor born in IJmuiden in the Netherlands.	Cornelis Vreeswijk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mukul Roy (Bengali: মুকুল রায়; born 17 April 1954) was the Railway Minister of India.	Mukul Roy	India
country of citizenship	Narendra Narayan (1841 - 1863) was the Maharaja of princely state of Koch Bihar India from 1847 to 1863.	Narendra Narayan	India
country of citizenship	Haddaway moved to Cologne, Germany in 1987 where he mostly worked in bars.	Haddaway	Germany
country of citizenship	Sassouma Bereté (or Berete) was the first wife of the 13th century King of Mali - Naré Maghann Konaté (the father of Sundiata Keita).	Sassouma Bereté	Mali
country of citizenship	Frank Hovland (born 1960 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian rock musician and music producer, known from bands like Program 81/82 with his partner Kate Augestad, and cooperations with Ronni Le Tekrø, Terje Rypdal, Chris Thompson and Mads Eriksen.	Frank Hovland	Norway
country of citizenship	Per Fredrik Strage (born 22 December 1972 in Linköping, Sweden) is a Swedish journalist and author who writes about pop culture.	Fredrik Strage	Sweden
country of citizenship	Guy Dynevor Thornton (1872--1934) was a notable New Zealand evangelist, army chaplain and writer.	Guy Dynevor Thornton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hassan Abu Basha (2 December 1922 -- 18 September 2005) was a major general and one of the former interior ministers of Egypt who was in office for two years from January 1982 to July 1984.	Hassan Abu Basha	Egypt
country of citizenship	Mariano Roque Alonzo Romero (died 1853) was President of Provisional Junta of Paraguay from 9 February 1841 to 14 March 1841.	Mariano Roque Alonzo	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Ayten Mutlu (born 6 October 1952 Bandırma, Turkey) is a Turkish poet and writer.	Ayten Mutlu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Eva Grubinger (born 1970 in Salzburg, Austria) is an internationally recognised sculptor and installation artist.	Eva Grubinger	Austria
country of citizenship	Pedro Shimose Kawamura (born March 30, 1940) is a poet, journalist, professor and essayist from Bolivia.	Pedro Shimose	Bolivia
country of citizenship	David Nunan (born 11 October 1949 in Broken Hill, Australia) is an Australian linguist who has focused on the teaching of English.	David Nunan	Australia
country of citizenship	Dr. Alex Ifeanyichukwu Ekwueme GCON (born October 21, 1932) was the first elected Vice-President of Nigeria, in office from 1979 to 1983.	Alex Ifeanyichukwu Ekwueme	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Horst Tappe (13 May 1938 in Gütersloh, Germany - 21 August 2005 Vevey, Switzerland) was a German photographer who lived in Switzerland since 1963.	Horst Tappe	Germany
country of citizenship	Cees Paauwe (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkeːs ˈpaːʋə); born 3 November 1977 in Dronten, Netherlands) is a Dutch former Goalkeeper.	Cees Paauwe	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dimitris Perrikos (Greek: Δημήτρης Περρίκος, born December 1935 in Piraeus, Greece) is a Greek chemist working for the United Nations since 1975.	Dimitris Perrikos	Greece
country of citizenship	Rangi Hauiti Pokiha (1895--1980) was a New Zealand farmer, surveyor, and orator.	Rangi Hauiti Pokiha	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pablo Pineda Gaucín (c. 1961 -- 9 April 2000) was a Mexican crime reporter and photographer for La Opinión, a newspaper in the border city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Pablo Pineda Gaucín	Mexico
country of citizenship	Artur Siódmiak (born 7 October 1975 in Wągrowiec) is a Polish team handball player, playing on the Poland national handball team.	Artur Siódmiak	Poland
country of citizenship	Lara Custance (born 20 November 1992) is a New Zealand actress who appeared as Abi in the TV series Paradise Café.	Lara Custance	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Abba Kyari (born 1938) is a retired Nigerian Army Brigadier who served as Governor of the now defunct North-Central State, Nigeria after it was formed from the Northern Region during the military regime of General Yakubu Gowon.	Abba Kyari	Nigeria
country of citizenship	José Ernesto Ochoa Fuentes (born June 21, 1986 in La Unión, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran professional footballer who most recently played for Aspirante in the Salvadoran second division.	Ernesto Ochoa	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Douglas Lloyd Campbell, OC (May 27, 1895 -- April 23, 1995) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Douglas Lloyd Campbell	Canada
country of citizenship	Cathleen Großmann (born Cathleen Rund 3 November 1977 in Berlin), formerly called Cathleen Stolze, is a former backstroke and medley swimmer from Germany, who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia.	Cathleen Rund	Germany
country of citizenship	James Gray Turgeon (October 7, 1879 -- February 14, 1964) was a broker, soldier and a provincial and federal level politician from Canada.	James Gray Turgeon	Canada
country of citizenship	Marian Petrescu (born 1970, Bucharest, Romania) is a Romanian virtuoso jazz pianist.	Marian Petrescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Ismail Rashid Ismail is a UAE football Defender who played for United Arab Emirates in the 1996 Asian Cup.	Ismail Rashid Ismail	United Arab Emirates
country of citizenship	Addil Somani (born 22 October 1967) is a former Ugandan born New Zealand cricketer.	Addil Somani	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Wang Hongzhang (Chinese: 王洪章; pinyin: Wáng Hóngzhāng; born July 1954) is a Chinese politician and economist who currently serves as party boss and chairman of China Construction Bank, which is one of the ``big four'' banks in China.	Wang Hongzhang	China
country of citizenship	Oyewale Tomori (born 3 February 1946, Osun State, Nigeria) is a Nigerian professor of virology, educational administrator, and former vice chancellor of Redeemer's University, Ogun State, Nigeria.	Oyewale Tomori	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Bandar bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (born 1923) is a Saudi royal and the tenth son of King Abdulaziz, the first monarch of Saudi Arabia.	Bandar bin Abdulaziz Al Saud	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Ladislav Vácha (March 21, 1899 in Brno -- June 28, 1943) was a Czech gymnast and Olympic champion competing for Czechoslovakia.	Ladislav Vácha	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Alfonso Cuarón was born in Mexico City, and is the son of Alfredo Cuarón, a nuclear physicist who worked for the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency for many years.	Alfonso Cuarón	Mexico
country of citizenship	Anto Drobnjak (born 21 September 1968) is a retired Montenegrin footballer who represented the teams of FR Yugoslavia and successor Serbia and Montenegro.	Anto Drobnjak	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Verena Stuffer (born June 23, 1984 in Bozen, Italy) is a South Tyrolean alpine skier from Italy.	Verena Stuffer	Italy
country of citizenship	Count Jean-Louis Raduit de Souches (La Rochelle France, August 16, 1608 -- Jevišovice Moravia, August 12, 1682) was a German Imperial Field marshal of French descent.	Jean-Louis Raduit de Souches	France
country of citizenship	Martin Stosch (born July 30, 1990 in Landshut, Germany) is a German singer and the runner-up of the fourth season of the television show Deutschland sucht den Superstar (DSDS), the German version of Pop Idol.	Martin Stosch	Germany
country of citizenship	Datuk Md Sirat Abu (born 11 April 1959) is a Malaysian politician and a former Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Bukit Katil constituency in the state of Melaka.	Md Sirat Abu	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Fēlikss Ķiģelis (born on 25 February 1976 in Liepāja, Latvia) is a Latvian rock musician.	Fēlikss Ķiģelis	Latvia
country of citizenship	Hong Bao's name appears in the inscription made by Zheng He in Liujiagang in 1431, before his fleet left China on its 7th (and last) voyage to the ``Western Ocean'' (Indian Ocean).	Hong Bao	China
country of citizenship	Mamiko Takai (高井麻巳子, Takai Mamiko, born December 28, 1966 in Obama, Fukui, Japan) is a Japanese idol from the eighties, who debuted in 1985 with the Jpop girl band Onyanko Club, and its first sub-group, duo Ushiroyubi Sasaregumi with her co-worker Yukiko Iwai.	Mamiko Takai	Japan
country of citizenship	C. G. Somiah was a former Comptroller and Auditor General of India who was known for his honesty and for his impeccable career record.	C. G. Somiah	India
country of citizenship	Sipho Mchunu (born 1951, Kranskop, South Africa) is a Zulu musician best known for his partnership with 'white Zulu' Johnny Clegg in the band Juluka from the 1970s to the 1990s.	Sipho Mchunu	South Africa
country of citizenship	He was born Jean-Baptiste-Napoléon-Gaspard Pacaud in Saint-Norbert-d'Arthabaska, Canada East in 1859, the son of Philippe-Napoléon Pacaud, a notary and Patriote.	Gaspard Pacaud	Canada
country of citizenship	Doris Hopp (16 July 1930 -- 31 October 1998) was a Swedish brothel madam who organized a network of call girls in Stockholm, Sweden, in the early 1970s.	Doris Hopp	Sweden
country of citizenship	William Wagner (13 September 1820 -- 25 February 1901) was a Polish born immigrant to Canada who became a certified land surveyor after he reached the country.	William Wagner	Canada
country of citizenship	Marina Calzado Linage (b. Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentina percussionist and marimba performer.	Marina Calzado Linage	Argentina
country of citizenship	Luis Chávez y González (1901 -- 1987) was the seventh Bishop and third Archbishop of San Salvador, El Salvador, and immediate predecessor of Archbishop Óscar Romero.	Luis Chávez y González	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Abdullah Kadhem Ruaid is a former Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party official in the Dujail region is Iraq, and the father of Mizher Abdullah Roweed Al-Musheikhi.	Abdullah Kadhem Ruaid	Iraq
country of citizenship	Jorge Martínez Busch (13 September 1936 - 14 October 2011) was a Chilean Navy admiral and member of the Government Junta that ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990.	Jorge Martínez Busch	Chile
country of citizenship	Lionel Groulx, né Joseph Adolphe Lyonel Groulx, the son of a farmer and lumberjack, and direct descendent of New France pioneer Jean Grou, was born at Vaudreuil, Quebec, Canada, and died in Vaudreuil, Quebec.	Lionel Groulx	Canada
country of citizenship	Julian Charrière (born 1987, Morges, Switzerland) is a Swiss artist currently living and working in Berlin, Germany.	Julian Charrière	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Numon Khasanov (Uzbek: Нўмон Нурматович Хасанов or No'mon Nurmatovich Khasanov) is a Uzbekistan football Forward who played for Uzbekistan in the 1996 Asian Cup.	Numon Khasanov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Sharr Htut Eaindra (Burmese: သျှားထွဋ်အိန္ဒြာ, pronounced: (ʃá tʰʊʔ ʔèiɴdɹà); born 21 March 1994) is a Burmese beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Universe Myanmar 2014 and represented Myanmar at Miss Universe 2014.	Sharr Htut Eaindra	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Raúl Amarilla Romero,(born 12 June 1988 in Asunción) is a football striker from Paraguay and son of former star player Raúl Vicente Amarilla.	Raúl Amarilla Romero	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Høgni Lisberg (June 7, 1982 in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands) is a musician from Leirvík, Eysturoy, and is one of the most famous musicians of the Faroe Islands.	Høgni Lisberg	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Malayath Appunni (born August 15, 1943) is a Malayalam language poet and children's writer from Kerala, India.	Malayath Appunni	India
country of citizenship	Kai Brodersen read Ancient History, Classics and (Protestant) Theology, funded by the ``Stiftung Maximilianeum'' and the Studienstiftung, at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (Germany), and the University of Oxford.	Kai Brodersen	Germany
country of citizenship	Fernando Gómez Agudelo (1931--1993) was a Colombian lawyer who was involved in the development of the television industry in Colombia.	Fernando Gómez Agudelo	Colombia
country of citizenship	Anzia Yezierska (1885--1970) was a Jewish-American novelist born in Mały Płock, Poland, which was then part of the Russian Empire.	Anzia Yezierska	Poland
country of citizenship	Silvia Parera Carrau (born September 5, 1969 in Mataró, Catalonia) is a former medley and breaststroke swimmer from Spain, who competed at three consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1988 in Seoul, South Korea.	Silvia Parera	Spain
country of citizenship	Cristieana Cojocaru (born January 2, 1962) is a retired athlete from Romania.	Cristieana Cojocaru	Romania
country of citizenship	Vasili Tsereteli is Vice President of the Russian Academy of Arts, member of the Moscow Union of Artists, the Union of Artists of Russia, member of the Presidium of International Council of Museums, member of CIMAM, member of the Council for Culture of the Chairman of the State Duma of the Russian Federation.	Vasili Tsereteli	Russia
country of citizenship	Hang Serei Odom (also known as Hang Serei Oudom) (1970 -- 11 September 2012), was a Cambodian journalist for the Virakchun Khmer Daily newspaper in the Ou Chum district of northeastern Ratanakiri province of Cambodia, was involved in environmental reporting about illegal logging when he was murdered.	Hang Serei Odom	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Mei Ze (Chinese: 梅賾; fl. 4th century), also known as Mei Yi (梅頤), was a Confucian scholar and government official of the Eastern Jin Dynasty of ancient China.	Mei Ze	China
country of citizenship	Rolf Gölz (born 30 September 1962) is a retired road and track cyclist from Germany, who was a professional rider from 1985 to 1993.	Rolf Gölz	Germany
country of citizenship	Takashi Miwa (三輪 隆, born December 1, 1969) is a former professional baseball player from Chiba, Japan.	Takashi Miwa	Japan
country of citizenship	Sanoussi Touré (born 1950?) is a Malian political figure and finance inspector who was appointed to the government of Mali as Minister of the Economy and Finance in April 2009.	Sanoussi Touré	Mali
country of citizenship	Lauro Zavala (born December 30, 1954 in Mexico City) is a scholarly researcher, known for his work on literary theory, semiotics and film, especially in relation to irony, metafiction and micro-narratives.	Lauro Zavala	Mexico
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Pettine (born Giuseppe Antonio Luigi Pettine, 13 February 1874, Isernia, Italy was an Italian-American concert mandolinist, teacher, and composer.	Giuseppe Pettine	Italy
country of citizenship	Ronald Zoodsma (born September 5, 1966 in Sneek, Friesland) is a retired volleyball player from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988.	Ronald Zoodsma	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ipsita Roy Chakraverti (born Ipsita Chakraverti; 3 November 1950) is a Wiccan priestess based in India.	Ipsita Roy Chakraverti	India
country of citizenship	Waldo Díaz-Balart (born Waldo Díaz-Balart y Gutiérrez on February 10, 1931 in Banes, Cuba) is a Cuban painter living in Madrid, Spain.	Waldo Díaz-Balart	Cuba
country of citizenship	Carlos Buitrago (born December 16, 1991) in Managua, Nicaragua is a Nicaraguan professional boxer in the Minimumweight division.	Carlos Buitrago	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Rajesh Sreenivasan (Malayalam: രാജേഷ്‌ ശ്രീനിവാസന്‍, Tamil: ராஜேஷ் ஸ்ரீனிவாசன்; born 23 November 1969) is a prominent lawyer based in Singapore.	Rajesh Sreenivasan	Singapore
country of citizenship	Justyna Bąk (born August 1, 1974) is a long-distance runner from Poland, who specializes mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Justyna Bąk	Poland
country of citizenship	Jestina Mukoko is a Zimbabwean human rights activist and the director of the Zimbabwe Peace Project.	Jestina Mukoko	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	At the end of the 1960s, when factions within Lebanon started to form militias, the Frangieh clan formed the Marada Brigade, also known as the Zghorta Liberation Army, under the command of Tony Frangieh.	Tony Frangieh	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Kenta Kano (Japanese: 狩野 健太, born May 2, 1986 in Shizuoka, Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Kawasaki Frontale.	Kenta Kano	Japan
country of citizenship	Dane van Niekerk (born 14 May 1993) is a South African cricketer with appearances in Test, One Day International (ODI) and Twenty20 International (T20) for South Africa.	Dane van Niekerk	South Africa
country of citizenship	The Blessed Mary Catherine of St. Augustine, O.S.A., (French: Marie-Catherine de Saint-Augustin) (3 May 1632 -- 8 May 1668) was a French canoness regular who was instrumental in the development of the Hôtel-Dieu de Québec in service to the colony of New France.	Catherine of St. Augustine	France
country of citizenship	Tarik Saleh (Arabic: طارق صالح‎; born 28 January 1972) is Swedish television producer, animator, publisher, journalist and film director of Egyptian descent, who in early 1990s was one of Sweden's most prominent graffiti artists.	Tarik Saleh	Sweden
country of citizenship	Noun Borey (born 5 August 1995) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for the National Police Commissary in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia national football team.	Noun Borey	Cambodia
country of citizenship	John Russell Harper, OC, FRSC (April 13, 1914 -- November 17, 1983) was an eminent Canadian art historian who is considered to have pioneered the field of art history in Canada.	John Russell Harper	Canada
country of citizenship	Aaron Mike Oquaye (born April 4, 1944) is a Ghanaian politician who served as the Second Deputy Speaker of the Parliament of Ghana between 2009 and 2013.	Aaron Mike Oquaye	Ghana
country of citizenship	Chris de Freitas is an Associate Professor in the School of Environment at the University of Auckland in New Zealand.	Chris de Freitas	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stanisław Burza (born 26 September 1977 in Tuchów, Poland), nicknamed ``Stan Storm'', is a Polish speedway rider who is a 2004 and 2005 Team Polish Champion.	Stanisław Burza	Poland
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Tiến Trung (born in 1983, Hung Ha district, Thai Binh province), is a pro-democracy activist in Vietnam.	Nguyễn Tiến Trung	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Przemysław Sadowski born October 18, 1975 in Białystok in the Podlaskie Voivodeship, Poland) is a Polish actor.	Przemysław Sadowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Stephen Regelous is a pioneering computer graphics software engineer from New Zealand.	Stephen Regelous	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alonso Sánchez (with full name Alonso Sánchez de Huelva) was a fifteenth-century mariner and merchant born in Huelva, Spain, on Andalusia's Atlantic coast.	Alonso Sánchez	Spain
country of citizenship	Abubakar Abbas (born 17 May 1996) is a Nigerian-born track and field sprinter who competes internationally for Bahrain.	Abubakar Abbas	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Kakhi Kavsadze (კახი კავსაძე; born on June 5, 1935 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a Georgian and Russian film, Television and stage actor.	Kakhi Kavsadze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Ian Parry (12 April 1965 -- 28 December 1989) was a United Kingdom,Welsh photographer and photojournalist who worked as a freelance and on assignment for newspapers including The Mail on Sunday, The Times and The Sunday Times.	Ian Parry	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	The judiciary responded by arresting his father, Saeed Motalebi and charged him with ``assisting the escape of an accused person,'' an apparent reference to his son's departure from Iran, despite the fact that Sina Motalebi left Iran legally.	Sina Motalebi	Iran
country of citizenship	Rodney Rude (born Rodney Malcolm Keft, 29 January 1943 in Nowra, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian 'blue' stand-up comedian, poet and writer.	Rodney Rude	Australia
country of citizenship	Friedel Stern (1917 Leipzig, Germany - October 29, 2006, Tel Aviv, Israel) was a German- born Israeli cartoonist and illustrator.	Friedel Stern	Israel
country of citizenship	Tomáš Enge (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtomaːʃ ˈɛŋɡɛ)) (born 11 September 1976) is a professional racing driver from the Czech Republic, who has competed in many classes of motorsport, including three races in Formula One.	Tomáš Enge	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Sulekha Hussain (1930 -- 15 July 2014) was an acclaimed Urdu novelist from India.	Sulekha Hussain	India
country of citizenship	Ali Mirzaei (Persian: علی میرزایی‎, born 1 October 1949 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian politician, journalist and football administrator.	Ali Mirzaei	Iran
country of citizenship	María del Pilar Roldán Tapia (born 18 November 1939 in Mexico City) is a former Mexican fencer.	Pilar Roldán	Mexico
country of citizenship	Beverley Goodway (13 October 1943 -- 4 November 2012) was an English photographer known for his glamour shots which were published on Page 3 of The Sun newspaper in the United Kingdom.	Beverley Goodway	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	On December 15, 1673, the States General of the Netherlands voted, in a Secret Resolution, to appoint Joris Andringa Governor of New Netherland to succeed Anthony Colve.	Joris Andringa	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Guillaume Moreau (born March 8, 1983 in Limoges, France) is a French racing driver who is currently competing in the Le Mans Series.	Guillaume Moreau	France
country of citizenship	On 16 January 2015 Marquinhos Gabriel returned to Brazil, signing a one-year loan deal with Santos.	Marquinhos Gabriel	Brazil
country of citizenship	Eric Obuh also known as Vocal Slender or Slender (born 1 December 1982 in Ajegunle, Lagos, Nigeria) is an Afropop/reggae artist based in Lagos, Nigeria.	Eric Obuh	Nigeria
country of citizenship	David Barker Stevenson (November 17, 1801 -- March 3, 1859) was a businessman and politician in Canada West.	David Barker Stevenson	Canada
country of citizenship	Stéphane Franke (February 12, 1964 -- June 23, 2011) was a long-distance runner representing Germany, who twice won the bronze medal in the men's 10.000 metres at the European Championships (1994 and 1998).	Stéphane Franke	Germany
country of citizenship	Brídín Brennan is the youngest member of Ireland's most successful musical family, the Brennans.	Brídín Brennan	Ireland
country of citizenship	Knut Pani (b. Mexico City, 1956) is a Mexican painter and sculptor.	Knut Pani	Mexico
country of citizenship	Oxmo Puccino (born Abdoulaye Diarra; 3 August 1974) is a hip hop musician born in Mali.	Oxmo Puccino	Mali
country of citizenship	Arthur Dale Trendall AC CMG (28 March 1909 -- 13 November 1995) was a New Zealand-born Australian art historian and classical archaeologist whose work on identifying the work of individual artists on Greek ceramic vessels at Apulia and other sites earned him international prizes and a papal knighthood.	Arthur Dale Trendall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexander Nikolai von Glehn (16 July 1841 in Jälgimäe Manor, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire -- 7 September 1923 in Brazil), was a Baltic German landowner and public figure, most notable for being the founder of the town of Nõmme (now part of Tallinn).	Nikolai von Glehn	Estonia
country of citizenship	Violet Hopson (1887--1973) was an Australian-born British actress born in Port Augusta, South Australia, Australia on 16 December 1887 as Elma Kate Victoria Karkeek, Violet Hopson being her stage name.	Violet Hopson	Australia
country of citizenship	Anders Dahlvig, born 1957 in Sweden, is the former president of the Swedish furniture store chain, IKEA.	Anders Dahlvig	Sweden
country of citizenship	Francina Margaretha van Huysum (1707 -- 1789), was an 18th-century flower painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Francina Margaretha van Huysum	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Benoy K. Behl is a film-maker, art historian and photographer from India, who lives in New Delhi.	Benoy K. Behl	India
country of citizenship	Aristides de Sousa Mendes was born in Cabanas de Viriato, in Carregal do Sal, in the district of Viseu, Centro Region of Portugal, on July 19, 1885, shortly after midnight.	Aristides de Sousa Mendes	Portugal
country of citizenship	Roger Shah (German pronunciation: (ˈʁɔdʒɐ ˈʃaː); born 29 November 1972 in Esslingen am Neckar, Germany), also known as DJ Shah and Sunlounger is a German electronic music composer and producer.	Roger Shah	Germany
country of citizenship	Ana Vidović (born 8 November 1980, Karlovac, Croatia) is a Croatian virtuosa classical guitarist.	Ana Vidović	Croatia
country of citizenship	Melanie Domaschenz (born 13 October 1983) is an Australian wheelchair basketball player who is part of the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team.	Melanie Domaschenz	Australia
country of citizenship	His best-known works include ``St. George and the Dragonet'', Stan Freberg Presents the United States of America, his role on the television series Time for Beany, and a number of classic television commercials.	Stan Freberg	United States of America
country of citizenship	But it was Arromba, released in 2005, that brought Neyma back into the spotlight as an acclaimed singer who was internationally recognized as a major singing sensation from Mozambique and the Lusophone world.	Neyma	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Vera Okolo (born 5 January 1985) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for the Nigeria women's national football team.	Vera Okolo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Dr. Donwa Dethwelson Lapang (born 10 April 1934), popularly known as Dr. D. D. Lapang, is a politician from Meghalaya, India, and the ex-chief minister of Meghalaya.	D. D. Lapang	India
country of citizenship	Stane Dolanc (November 16, 1925 -- December 13, 1999) was a Yugoslav communist politician from Slovenia, one of president Josip Broz Tito's closest collaborators and one of the most influential people in Yugoslav federal politics in the 1970s and 1980s.	Stane Dolanc	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Uroš Lajovic, born on July 4, 1944 in Slovenia is one of the most successful conducting professors in Europe.	Uroš Lajovic	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Lee Min-gyu (Hangul: 이민규, born 3 December 1992) is a volleyball player from South Korea.	Lee Min-gyu	South Korea
country of citizenship	Shabbir Akhtar was born in Pakistan, raised in the Midlands in the United Kingdom and went to Canada for higher education.	Shabbir Akhtar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Daniel Brodhead I (c. 1631 -- July 14, 1667) of Yorkshire, England served as a royalist and Captain of Grenadiers of the army of Charles II of England.	Daniel Brodhead I	England
country of citizenship	Fenia Chertkoff de Repetto (7 October 1869 in Odessa, Russian Empire -- 31 May 1927 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a feminist, intellectual, educator, political activist, and sculptor.	Fenia Chertkoff	Argentina
country of citizenship	Maria Grazia Cutuli was born and raised in Catania, Sicily, Italy, but later she resided in Milan as a professional journalist.	Maria Grazia Cutuli	Italy
country of citizenship	Georges Schehadé was born in Alexandria, Egypt, in an aristocratic Greek orthodox family of Lebanese origin but spent most of his life in Beirut, Lebanon.	Georges Schehadé	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Tudor Washington Collins (9 March 1898--22 June 1970) was a New Zealand seaman, bushman, photographer, businessman and farmer.	Tudor Washington Collins	New Zealand
country of citizenship	According to Helsingin Sanomat, for years on end Aatos Erkko was the wealthiest person in Finland.	Aatos Erkko	Finland
country of citizenship	Benoît Labonté (born 28 December 1959) was a city councillor with the Vision Montréal party in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Benoît Labonté	Canada
country of citizenship	Céline Galipeau, OQ is a Canadian news anchor for Radio-Canada.	Céline Galipeau	Canada
country of citizenship	Odd Ivar Solvold, (born 21 July 1969 in Bamble, Norway) is a Norwegian chef from Sandefjord, and a 1997 Bocuse d'Or bronze medallist.	Odd Ivar Solvold	Norway
country of citizenship	Pierfrancesco Pavoni (born 21 February 1963 in Rome) is a retired sprinter from Italy.	Pierfrancesco Pavoni	Italy
country of citizenship	Stephen Lovatt (born 27 May 1964) is a New Zealand actor, best known internationally for his portrayal of character Max Hoyland on the Australian soap Neighbours.	Stephen Lovatt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Keith Syers (1939 -- 16 July 2011) was an Anglo-New Zealand academic and academic administrator.	Keith Syers	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rachid Bouaita (born September 20, 1974 in Maubeuge, Nord) is a retired boxer from France, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996.	Rachid Bouaita	France
country of citizenship	Alireza Vahedi Nikbakht (Persian: علیرضا واحدی نیکبخت‎‎, born 30 June 1980 in Mashhad) is an Iranian professional football player who last played for Khoneh Be Khoneh in Iran Football's 2nd Division.	Alireza Vahedi Nikbakht	Iran
country of citizenship	Emanuel Araújo or Emanuel Oliveira de Araújo was born on December 24, 1942, in Aracaju, Sergipe, Brazil and died on July 15, 2000, in Brasília, Brazil.	Emanuel Araújo	Brazil
country of citizenship	James Saltonstall is an Anglo-Italian rugby league player who represented Italy in the 2013 World Cup.	James Saltonstall	Italy
country of citizenship	Jessy De Smet, whose stage name is Jessy (born 8 July 1976, Zottegem, Belgium), is a Belgian dance music singer of Flemish origin.	Jessy De Smet	Belgium
country of citizenship	Mithat Bayrak won the gold medal twice for Turkey at the Olympic Games.	Mithat Bayrak	Turkey
country of citizenship	Luis Villalta Aquino (October 2, 1969, Lima, Peru -- March 3, 2004, Pompano Beach, Florida) was a professional boxer, who was nicknamed ``El Puma'' during his career.	Luis Villalta	Peru
country of citizenship	Philibert Rabezoza (1923 -- 29 September 2001), better known by the name Rakoto Frah, was a flautist and composer of traditional music of the central highlands of Madagascar.	Rakoto Frah	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Neagoe Basarab (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈne̯aɡo.e basaˈrab)) was the Voivode (Prince) of Wallachia between 1512 and 1521.	Neagoe Basarab	Wallachia
country of citizenship	Zerifa Wahid (Assamese: জেৰিফা ৱাহিদ) is an Assamese film actress from Assam, India.	Zerifa Wahid	India
country of citizenship	Yumiko Fujita (藤田 弓子; born 12 September 1945 in Meguro, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress.	Yumiko Fujita	Japan
country of citizenship	Born in a middle class South Indian family, Deepak Acharya completed his schooling from BTI and Government Multipurpose School, Balaghat and Government School, Chhindwara Districts in Central India.	Deepak Acharya	India
country of citizenship	Tuomas Rannankari (born 21 May 1991) is a professional footballer who plays for the Finland under-21s.	Tuomas Rannankari	Finland
country of citizenship	Andrey Gridin (born June 23, 1988 in Kazakhstan) is a cross-country skier competing for Bulgaria.	Andrey Gridin	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Ahmad Dhani was born on May 26, 1972, in Surabaya, Indonesia, as the first of three children of Eddy Abdul Manaf bin Rusta Sastra Atmadja, a Sundanese diplomat origin from Garut-West Java, and Joyce Theresia Pamela Kohler, an Indonesian Ashkenazi Jewish descent.	Ahmad Dhani	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Giovanni de Ciotta will rapidly become the most influential political representative in the City, incarnating the policies of Ferenc Deák in Hungary.	Giovanni de Ciotta	Hungary
country of citizenship	Parminder Singh Dhull (born 4 March 1957) is a politician of the State of Haryana, India.	Parminder Singh Dhull	India
country of citizenship	Ernesto Barrera (d. 28 November 1978) was a Roman Catholic priest from El Salvador.	Ernesto Barrera	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Timothy McAuliffe (1 February 1909 -- 29 September 1985) was a Labour Party and politician from County Westmeath in Ireland.	Timothy McAuliffe	Ireland
country of citizenship	Wellington Nogueira Lopes de Avellar, or simply Lopes (born June 1, 1979 in Volta Redonda, Brazil), is a Brazilian football player.	Wellington Nogueira Lopes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jonathan Fagerlund, sometimes just Jonathan is a Swedish singer, born 8 January 1991 in Jönköping, Sweden.	Jonathan Fagerlund	Sweden
country of citizenship	His great-grandfather had migrated to Norway from Antibes, France, and he was a grandson of Honoratus Bonnevie and a nephew of Andreas Bonnevie.	Honoratus Bonnevie	Norway
country of citizenship	Kary Fajer (born 23 June 1953, in Mexico D.F., Mexico), is a Mexican writer.	Kary Fajer	Mexico
country of citizenship	Damir Urban was born on 19 September 1968 in Rijeka, Croatia, a town that is today well known for its rock scene, where he founded his first band La Bellona as the bassist and main songwriter.	Damir Urban	Croatia
country of citizenship	Dzhabar Askerov (Russian: Джабар Аскеров; born January 24, 1986) is a Russian Welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Bangkok, Thailand and representing Russia.	Dzhabar Askerov	Russia
country of citizenship	Pao Ham Phan (Vietnamese: Páo Hạm Phạn) was the governor of Ratanakiri Province, Cambodia, until his retirement in May 2014.	Pao Ham Phan	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Dr. Che Rosli Che Mat (born 16 July 1951) is a Malaysian politician and the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Hulu Langat constituency in Selangor.	Che Rosli Che Mat	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Dagfinn Hauge (14 July 1908 -- 14 March 2007) was a Norwegian writer and Lutheran Bishop in the Church of Norway.	Dagfinn Hauge	Norway
country of citizenship	Michel Sima, a pseudonym for Michał Smajewski, born on 20 May 1912 in Slonim (Poland, now Belarus) was a polish sculptor, photograph and ceramist best known for his photographic portraits of Picasso and of almost all the artists of the School of Paris.	Michel Sima	Belarus
country of citizenship	John Joseph Hawkins (1840 -- June 2, 1916) was a grocer and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	John Joseph Hawkins	Canada
country of citizenship	Misko Iho was born on May 9, 1975, as Mikko Iho in Helsinki, Finland.	Misko Iho	Finland
country of citizenship	Mariñelarena or Marinelarena is a Basque surname that has its origins in the village of Betelu, located north of Navarra, Spain and close to the frontier with Gipuzkoa.	Mariñelarena	Spain
country of citizenship	Antoine Gizenga (born 5 October 1925) is a Congolese (DRC) politician who was Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from December 30, 2006 to 10 October 2008.	Antoine Gizenga	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Kei Ogura (Ogura Kei, 小椋佳, born January 18, 1944 in Ueno, Taito, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese singer, songwriter and composer.	Kei Ogura	Japan
country of citizenship	Mary Ann Greaves (1834--18 February 1897) was a New Zealand prostitute and criminal.	Mary Ann Greaves	New Zealand
country of citizenship	José Luis Martínez Rodríguez (1918 in Atoyac, Jalisco -- 2007 in Mexico City) was a Mexican academic, diplomat, essayist, historian, bibliographer and editor.	José Luis Martínez Rodríguez	Mexico
country of citizenship	David Dickens is a former New Zealand defence strategist.	David Dickens	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Her first album named Cecilia Vennersten released the same year was a great success in Sweden and Norway.	Cecilia Vennersten	Sweden
country of citizenship	Şehzade Bayezid (1525 -- September 25, 1561) was an Ottoman prince (Turkish: şehzade), who attempted to win the throne of the Ottoman Empire.	Şehzade Bayezid	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Djeneba Seck is an African singer born in Bamako, (Mali).	Djeneba Seck	Mali
country of citizenship	Hållbus Totte Mattson (usually known simply as Totte Mattson) is a multi-instrumentalist folk musician from Dalarna, Sweden.	Hållbus Totte Mattson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Joana Zimmer (born 27 October 1982; Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany) is a German pop music singer, often compared to Celine Dion or Barry Manilow.	Joana Zimmer	Germany
country of citizenship	Alene Nikolayev is an ethnic Bulgarian civic society leader born in Transnistria.	Alene Nikolayev	Transnistria
country of citizenship	Seyyed Ebrahim Nabavi (سید ابراهیم نبوی; born 1958 in Astara, Iran) is a prolific Iranian satirist, writer, diarist, and researcher.	Ebrahim Nabavi	Iran
country of citizenship	Joachim Irgens von Westervick (Danish: Joachim Irgens von Westervick; spelled also af Westervig and af Vestervig) (19 May 1611 - 29 August 1675), born as Jochum Jürgens, was a Dano-Norwegian nobleman, a Danish official and an estate owner in Denmark, Norway, and the Netherlands.	Joachim Irgens von Westervick	Denmark
country of citizenship	Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on February 14, 1978, Becky Johnson Attended Queen Elisabeth Annex Primary School, Ecole Jules Quesnel, Kitsilano Secondary School and Prince of Wales Secondary.	Becky Johnson	Canada
country of citizenship	Biswajit Daimary ( b 04/02/1971 )is politician from Bodoland People's Front in Assam state of India.	Biswajit Daimary	India
country of citizenship	Hugo Pablo Centurión (born September 2, 1976 in Eldorado, Misiones, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer naturalized Colombian, who played for Deportivo Pasto of the Second División in Colombia.	Hugo Pablo Centurión	Argentina
country of citizenship	Philip van Dijk (10 January 1683 -- 2 February 1753) was an 18th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands	Philip van Dijk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Panchanan Mohanty is a professor of applied linguistics in the Centre for Applied Linguistics and Translation Studies at the University of Hyderabad in India.	Panchanan Mohanty	India
country of citizenship	Born in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada, Joe MacLeod studied acting in Calgary, Alberta, at Mount Royal College.	Joe MacLeod	Canada
country of citizenship	Jack Mahfar, an Iranian Businessman, was born in 1931 in Esfahan, Iran.	Jack Mahfar	Iran
country of citizenship	Guy Cloutier (born 11 February 1940 in Chicoutimi, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian music producer and talent manager.	Guy Cloutier	Canada
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Wendland (born 9 November 1962 in Lünen, Germany) is a German musician, actor, film producer and politician.	Wolfgang Wendland	Germany
country of citizenship	David MacCalman is a Paralympian athlete from New Zealand competing mainly in category P53 pentathlon events.	David MacCalman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Edwin Britton (born August 6, 1924) is a businessman and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	John Edwin Britton	Canada
country of citizenship	Murali Kartik (Tamil: முரளி கார்த்திக் pronunciation , born 11 September 1976) is an Indian cricketer who sporadically represented the India national cricket team from 2000 to 2007.	Murali Kartik	India
country of citizenship	Balasaheb Gangadhar Kher (also known as B. G. Kher) (Marathi: बाळासाहेब गंगाधर खेर) (August 24, 1888 -- March 8, 1957) was the first chief minister (then called prime minister) of Bombay State which consisted of present-day Maharashtra and Gujarat States of India.	B. G. Kher	India
country of citizenship	Jorge Enrique Abello, born February 28, 1968 Bogotá, Colombia, is an international television telenovela actor.	Jorge Enrique Abello	Colombia
country of citizenship	Scott St. John (born December 4, 1969 in London, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian violinist and violist.	Scott St. John	Canada
country of citizenship	Rahul Rajesh is working as Assistant Manager in Reserve Bank of India.	Rahul Rajesh	India
country of citizenship	Alexandra Moreno Piraquive (born 23 August 1969) is a Colombian lawyer and politician, who served as Senator of Colombia from 2002 to 2014.	Alexandra Moreno Piraquive	Colombia
country of citizenship	Leon Khachatourian (Armenian: Լեէոն Խաչատրեան; Persian: لئون خاچاطوریان‎ , born 1936) was an Iranian Armenian boxer who became a member of Iran senior national Boxing team in 1957, and was also a member of Tehran Taj Club.	Leon Khachatourian	Iran
country of citizenship	Christophe Arleston (born Christophe Pelinq, 14 August 1963) was born in Aix-en-Provence, France.	Christophe Arleston	France
country of citizenship	Maria Holaus (born December 19, 1983) is a professional alpine skier from Austria.	Maria Holaus	Austria
country of citizenship	Julie Daigneault (born June 25, 1965) is a former competition swimmer from Canada who specialized in middle-distance freestyle events.	Julie Daigneault	Canada
country of citizenship	Jenaro Gajardo Vera (Traiguén, Malleco Province, Chile, November 18, 1919 -- Santo Domingo, San Antonio Province, Chile, May 3, 1998) was a Chilean lawyer, painter and poet.	Jenaro Gajardo Vera	Chile
country of citizenship	Florin Stoian (born 1 October 1979, Bucharest), better known under the stage name of Florin Salam and previously Florin Fermecătorul, is a popular Roma singer of manele from Romania.	Florin Salam	Romania
country of citizenship	Mar Thoma III was the third metropolitan bishop who was the Malankara Metropolitan of Syriac Orthodox Church in India from 1686 to 1688.	Mar Thoma III	India
country of citizenship	Hans van Helden (born 27 April 1948) is a former speed skater, originally competing for the Netherlands, later for France.	Hans van Helden	Netherlands	France
country of citizenship	Rudolf Šmejkal (14 January 1915 -- 8 November 1972) was a footballer who played international football for both Bohemia and Moravia and Czechoslovakia.	Rudolf Šmejkal	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Pierre-Ernest Boivin (born June 24, 1872 in Farnham, Quebec, Canada-died December 26, 1938) was a politician and businessman.	Pierre-Ernest Boivin	Canada
country of citizenship	Paul Leefe is a wheelchair rugby player from New Zealand, and a member of the national team, the Wheel Blacks.	Paul Leefe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jillian Tyler (born September 5, 1988) is a former competition swimmer who represented Canada in two consecutive Olympic Games.	Jillian Tyler	Canada
country of citizenship	Joseph Onasakenrat, also known as Sosé Onasakenrat (September 4, 1845 -- February 8, 1881) was a Mohawk chief of Kanesatake, one of the Seven Nations of Canada in the eiighteenth and nineteenth centuries.	Joseph Onasakenrat	Canada
country of citizenship	Juan Croucier (born August 22, 1959, in Santiago de Las Vegas, Cuba) is a Cuban-American heavy metal musician.	Juan Croucier	Cuba
country of citizenship	Martin Lohse (born May 29, 1971 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish 21st century classical composer and visual artist.	Martin Lohse	Denmark
country of citizenship	Alexandre-Ferdinand Nguendet (born 23 May 1972) is a Central African politician who has served as President of the National Transitional Council of the Central African Republic since 2013.	Alexandre-Ferdinand Nguendet	Central African Republic
country of citizenship	Fariborz Lachini (Persian: فریبرز لاچینی‎, born August 25, 1949) is a film score composer originally from Iran based in Canada.	Fariborz Lachini	Iran
country of citizenship	Sammy Baloji is a photographer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Sammy Baloji	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Savva Lika (Greek: Σάββα Λίκα, Albanian: Vojsava Lika born 27 June 1970) is a javelin thrower representing Greece.	Savva Lika	Greece
country of citizenship	Lelio Orsi (1508/1511 - 1587), also known as Lelio da Novellara, was a Mannerist painter and architect of the Reggio Emilia school in northern Italy.	Lelio Orsi	Italy
country of citizenship	Wilfrid Derome (19 April 1877 -- 24 November 1931) was a Quebec forensic scientist known as the founder of the first Forensic science laboratory in North America, founded in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Wilfrid Derome	Canada
country of citizenship	Mary Etheldred Pulling (1871--1951) was a New Zealand headmistress, writer and anchoress.	Mary Etheldred Pulling	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amjad Bobby (Urdu: امجد بوبی‎) (1942- 2005) was an acclaimed Pakistani film music composer of Pakistan.	Amjad Bobby	Pakistan
country of citizenship	On November 17th, 1920, Max Goldstein attempted to kill the Minister of Internal Affairs, Constantin Argetoianu, who was Romania's most vocal anti-Communist politician.	Max Goldstein	Romania
country of citizenship	On July 19, 2007 the National bank of Ukraine issued a commemorative coin dedicated to Olena Teliha.	Olena Teliha	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Amadou Toumani Touré (born 4 November 1948; also known as ``ATT'') is a Malian politician who was President of Mali from 2002 to 2012.	Amadou Toumani Touré	Mali
country of citizenship	Frode Estil (born 31 May 1972 in Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway) is a retired Norwegian cross-country skier.	Frode Estil	Norway
country of citizenship	Hà Huy Khoái studied in Vietnam under the ``fathers'' of Vietnamese mathematics Lê Văn Thiêm and Hoàng Tụy, and in Moscow at the Steklov Institute of Mathematics under Yuri I. Manin.	Hà Huy Khoái	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Ye Yint Aung (Burmese: ရဲရင့်အောင်; born 26 February 1998) is a footballer from Burma, and a defender for the Myanmar U-19 football team and Yadanarbon FC.	Ye Yint Aung	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Jade Ell is a Swedish singer / songwriter base in Stockholm, Sweden.	Jade Ell	Sweden
country of citizenship	Pedro Antonio García Villa (born January 26, 1973 in Murcia) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain.	Pedro Antonio García Villa	Spain
country of citizenship	Nina Byron (born July 27, 1900, date of death unknown) was a silent film actress from Christchurch, New Zealand.	Nina Byron	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kyi Kyi Htay (Burmese: ကြည်ကြည်ဌေး, pronounced: (tɕì tɕì tʰé); 19 March 1924 -- 4 March 2000) was a four-time Myanmar Academy Award winning film actress, singer, opera performer, and dancer.	Kyi Kyi Htay	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Roland Haché, (born June 14, 1947 in Nigadoo, New Brunswick) is a politician in New Brunswick, Canada.	Roland Haché	Canada
country of citizenship	Frank Terletzki (born 5 August 1950 in Berlin) is a Germany football coach and former football player.	Frank Terletzki	Germany
country of citizenship	Kebede Balcha (born 7 September 1951) is a former marathon runner from Ethiopia.	Kebede Balcha	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Daman Singh is an Indian writer and daughter of Former Prime Minister of India, Manmohan Singh.	Daman Singh	India
country of citizenship	Lourdes Urrea (born 17 July 1954 in Mazatlan, Mexico) is an author, artist and speaker.	Lourdes Urrea	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nasir Jamshed (Urdu: ناصر جمشید‎; born 6 December 1989) is a cricketer who represents Pakistan cricket team in One Day International (ODI) and Twenty20 International (T20I) matches.	Nasir Jamshed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ravi Sethi, also known as Ravi Apnabeat, or DJ Ravi, is a DJ, dhol player and entertainer based in Manchester, United Kingdom.	Ravi Apnabeat	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Karl Ziegler was born November 26, 1898 in Helsa near Kassel, Germany and was the second son of Karl Ziegler, a Lutheran minister, and Luise Rall Ziegler.	Karl Ziegler	Germany
country of citizenship	Ernst Baier (27 September 1905 in Zittau, Saxony, Germany -- 8 July 2001 in Garmisch, Bavaria, Germany) was a German figure skater who competed in pair skating and single skating.	Ernst Baier	Germany
country of citizenship	Manuel Guzmán Flores (born October 13, 1969) is a former international backstroke and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1988.	Manuel Guzmán	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Domenico Messina (born 12 August 1962 in Cava de' Tirreni, Salerno, Italy) is an Italian football referee.	Domenico Messina	Italy
country of citizenship	Alejandro Chataing (February 24, 1873 in Caracas, Venezuela -- April 16, 1928) was an important Venezuelan architect.	Alejandro Chataing	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Catizone (born 20 September 1977 in Waiblingen, Germany) is an Italian football player.	Giuseppe Catizone	Germany
country of citizenship	Margaret Jane Briggs (17 April 1892--5 November 1961) was a New Zealand show‑ring rider.	Margaret Jane Briggs	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alsény Këïta Kamolosilah (born June 26, 1983 in Massanta), also known as Al Husein Keita, is a footballer who has represented both Guinea and Liberia at international levels.	Alsény Këïta	Guinea
country of citizenship	George Chamier (8 April 1842--25 April 1915) was a New Zealand engineer, surveyor and novelist.	George Chamier	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gorm the Old (Danish: Gorm den Gamle, Old Norse: Gormr gamli, Latin: Gormus Vetus), also called Gorm the Languid (Danish: Gorm Løge, Gorm den Dvaske), was the first historically recognized King of Denmark, reigning from c. 936 to his death c. 958.	Gorm the Old	Denmark
country of citizenship	Celso Brandão (born 1951 in Maceio, Alagoas, Brazil) is a photographer who also directed a few documentaries.	Celso Brandão	Brazil
country of citizenship	Susanne Fuhr (born 13 June 1953 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz vocalist, cabaret artist and actor, known from her own S.F. Band in the 1970s.	Susanne Fuhr	Norway
country of citizenship	John S. Jackson (21 February 1920 -- 19 November 1991) was an Irish geologist and environmentalist, and is believed to be the first environmental consultant in Ireland.	John S. Jackson	Ireland
country of citizenship	Ruprecht Machleidt (born December 18, 1943, in Kiel, Germany ) is a German-American theoretical nuclear physicist.	Ruprecht Machleidt	Germany
country of citizenship	Esther Mahlangu was born in 1935 in Middelburg, Mpumalanga, South Africa and belongs to the South Ndebele people.	Esther Mahlangu	South Africa
country of citizenship	Morteza Zarringol was mayor of Sanandaj and also member of parliament of Iran.	Morteza Zarringol	Iran
country of citizenship	K.H. Fathurrahman Kafrawi (1901--1969) was the Minister of Religion in Indonesia from 1946 to 1947.	Fathurrahman Kafrawi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Francisco H. Vázquez (born June 11, 1949 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican-American scholar and public intellectual.	Francisco H. Vázquez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Aygerim Kozhakanova (born 1994) is a Kazakhstani beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Kazakhstan 2013 for Miss Universe 2013.	Aygerim Kozhakanova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Yuri Barinov (born 31 May 1955) is a former cyclist from Soviet Union.	Yuri Barinov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Yasuo Takei (武井保雄, Takei Yasuo) (January 4, 1930 -- August 11, 2006), was the founder and former chairman of Takefuji (武富士), Japan's number one consumer finance group.	Yasuo Takei	Japan
country of citizenship	Laura Langman (born 16 April 1986 in Hamilton, New Zealand) is a New Zealand international netball player.	Laura Langman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Antonio Suárez Vázquez (20 May 1932 -- 6 January 1981) was a professional road racing cyclist from Spain between 1956 and 1965.	Antonio Suárez	Spain
country of citizenship	Roberto Ampuero (Valparaíso, Chile, 1953) is a Chilean author, columnist, and a university professor.	Roberto Ampuero	Chile
country of citizenship	Nicola Samale (born 14 September 1941 in Castelnuovo d'Istria, Italy, now Podgrad, Ilirska Bistrica in Slovenia), is a composer and conductor.	Nicola Samale	Italy
country of citizenship	Tan Sri Dato' Lokman Yusof (died: 15 May 1972) was the first Lord Mayor (Datuk Bandar) of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia since it was officially conferred the status of the city on 1 February 1972.	Lokman Yusof	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Like several of the principal players of the Arab Awakening (Nahda), Nasif al-Yaziji migrated from a Mount Lebanon ravaged by discord and revolt, to Beirut at a time when the city was undergoing rapid development and establishing itself as a centre of academia and journalism.	Nasif al-Yaziji	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Isidor Lateiner (January 8, 1930, Havana, Cuba- May 26, 2005, Amsterdam, Netherlands) was a Cuban/American violinist.	Isidor Lateiner	Cuba
country of citizenship	Majid Tavakoli (Persian: مجید توکلی ‎; born 1986, Shiraz, Iran) is a prominent Iranian student leader, human rights activist and political prisoner.	Majid Tavakoli	Iran
country of citizenship	Kostas Polychroniou capped 27 times for Greece.	Kostas Polychroniou	Greece
country of citizenship	Guillaume de Nogaret or William of Nogaret (1260--1313) was councillor and keeper of the seal to Philip IV of France.	Guillaume de Nogaret	France
country of citizenship	Pavlo Khnykin (born April 5, 1969) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Vinnytsia, Ukraine.	Pavlo Khnykin	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Maurizio Chiarini (born 7 September 1950 in Ferrara, Italy), is an Italian businessman and Chairman of SUFER SpA.	Maurizio Chiarini	Italy
country of citizenship	Ardian Cuculi (born 19 July 1987 in Kičevo) is an ethnic Albanian football player from the Republic of Macedonia, who is currently playing for Shkëndija in the macedonian superleague and the Macedonia national team.	Ardian Cuculi	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Jamil Ahmed Khan was the Ambassador of Pakistan to the United Arab Emirates from November 2010 to June 2013.	Jamil Ahmed Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Michel Kilo (Arabic: ميشيل كيلو‎, born 1940) is a Syrian Christian writer and human rights activist, who has been called ``one of Syria's leading opposition thinkers.''	Michel Kilo	Syria
country of citizenship	Patricia Maldonado (born June 12, 1956 in São Paulo, Brazil) is an Argentine-Brazilian writer, who wrote scripts for famous Argentine television series such as Chiquititas, Verano del '98, Rebelde Way and Floricienta.	Patricia Maldonado	Brazil
country of citizenship	Al-Tahir Agha was a Turkish ruler sent to govern a province of Sudan, Al-Getaina, which was in the Ottoman Empire's domain, in the late 18th century.	Al-Tahir Agha	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Nie Fengzhi (Chinese: 聂凤智, 1913 or 1914--1992) was a lieutenant general of the People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China.	Nie Fengzhi	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Thomas Popielarski, better known as his stage name, Arctic Moon (born c. 1988) is a Polish DJ and Music Producer who hails from Szczecin, Poland.	Arctic Moon	Poland
country of citizenship	Gunnar Christian Älvestam (Born April 14, 1976 in Sweden) is a vocalist, lyricist, guitarist, bassist and drummer for several bands from Sweden.	Christian Älvestam	Sweden
country of citizenship	In later life he was named an Officer of the Order of Canada, established the Archie Alleyne Scholarship Fund to provide bursaries to music students, and wrote Colour Me Jazz:	Archie Alleyne	Canada
country of citizenship	Jorge Madrazo Cuéllar is the former Attorney General of Mexico.	Jorge Madrazo Cuéllar	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jean Colombera (born 2 February 1954 in Esch-sur-Alzette) is a politician and physician in Luxembourg.	Jean Colombera	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Gilson Jesus da Silva, known as Gilson (Macedonian: Жилсон, Žilson, born 12 June 1973 in Brazil) is a naturalised Macedonian international football player, retired in 2008.	Gilson Jesus da Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Major General Henry Kwami Anyidoho is a graduate of the US Marine Staff College in Virginia and the Ghana Military Academy, commissioned into the Ghanaian army's Signal Corps in 1965.	Henry Kwami Anyidoho	Ghana
country of citizenship	Johan Röjler (born November 11, 1981 in Örebro) is an ice speed skater from Sweden, who represented his native country in three consecutive Winter Olympics, starting in 2002 in Salt Lake City.	Johan Röjler	Sweden
country of citizenship	William Roupell (7 April 1831 -- 25 March 1909) was Liberal Party Member of Parliament of the United Kingdom for Lambeth from 1857 until his resignation on 4 February 1862.	William Roupell	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Cyprian Enweani (born March 14, 1964 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Saskatoon, Saskatchewan resident and 1989 inductee into the Saskatoon sports hall of fame for his career as sprinter.	Cyprian Enweani	Denmark
country of citizenship	Kimmo Blom (born January 31, 1970, Orimattila, Finland) is a Finnish vocalist and stage artist, know for his work in several rock and metal bands such as Urban Tale, Boys of the Band and Heartplay.	Kimmo Blom	Finland
country of citizenship	In 1978, the golden era of Orissa Dance Academy began with Guru Gangadhar Pradhan and Aruna Mohanty participating in the India festivals held in Germany and Belgium.	Gangadhar Pradhan	India
country of citizenship	After hearing that Yuan Shao and Gongsun Zan were fighting in northern China, Li Ru suggested that Dong Zhuo send an imperial decree in Emperor Xian's name for the two to make peace to gain the support of both of them.	Li Ru	China
country of citizenship	Kavus Torabi (born 5 December 1971, in Tehran, Iran) is a British musician and composer (of Iranian descent), record label owner and broadcaster.	Kavus Torabi	Iran
country of citizenship	Luis Szarán was born in Encarnación, Itapúa, in Paraguay on 24 September 1953.	Luis Szarán	Paraguay
country of citizenship	The third son of a Truro, Cornwall England brewer and malster, Henry Newell Bate emigrated with his family to St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada in 1833 at the age of five.	Henry Newell Bate	Canada
country of citizenship	Matanya Abramson (Hebrew: מתניה אברמסון‎; 1920--2004) was an Israeli sculptor whose sculptures have been exhibited worldwide as well as in Israel.	Matanya Abramson	Israel
country of citizenship	Wataru Yoshikawa (born September 26, 1968 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese motorcycle rider.	Wataru Yoshikawa	Japan
country of citizenship	Aziz-ud-din Alamgir II (6 June 1699 -- 29 November 1759), (عالمگير ثانی) was the Mughal Emperor of India from 3 June 1754 to 29 November 1759.	Alamgir II	India
country of citizenship	Eva Illouz was born in Fes, Morocco, and moved to France at the age of ten.	Eva Illouz	France
country of citizenship	Sonja Škorić (Serbian: Соња Шкорић, born 26 February 1996 in Pančevo, Serbia) is a singer-songwriter who won the Serbian national selection for the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010.	Sonja Škorić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Roberto Amadio (born 10 July 1963, Portogruaro, Italy) is an Italian sports manager and former road and track cyclist.	Roberto Amadio	Italy
country of citizenship	John George Howard, (July 27, 1803 -- February 3, 1890) born John Corby, was the City of Toronto, Canada's official surveyor and civil engineer.	John George Howard	Canada
country of citizenship	Necati Şaşmaz was born to a family of Zaza origin in Harput, Elazığ, Turkey, as the oldest son of Abdülkadir Şaşmaz.	Necati Şaşmaz	Turkey
country of citizenship	Valentine Gunasekara (born 31 January 1931) is a Sri Lankan architect considered to be one of the most influential for architecture during Sri Lanka's post-independent period.	Valentine Gunasekara	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	César Figueroa Hernández (born October 19, 1977 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division and is the former NABF Featherweight Champion.	César Figueroa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Low Kay Hwa has studied in Boon Lay Primary School, Hong Kah Secondary School and Singapore Polytechnic, and as of 2013, he is pursuing his B.A. in English and literature from SIM University on a part-time basis.	Low Kay Hwa	Singapore
country of citizenship	Peter became the Patron of The MonSTaR Foundation, raising money and awareness of motor neurone disease, and hosted the inaugural MonSTaR Cup in 2007 Peter Overton is a long term national ambassador for Special Olympics Australia, a not for profit movement and organisation that supports children and adults with an intellectual disability.	Peter Overton	Australia
country of citizenship	Ewa Gorzelak-Dziduch (ˈɛva ɡɔˈʐɛlak ˈd͡ʑidux), often known as Ewa Gorzelak (born 3 November 1974 in Łódź, Poland) is a Polish television and film actress.	Ewa Gorzelak-Dziduch	Poland
country of citizenship	Valentina Bettarini (born 29 June 1990 in Bolzano, Italy) is a member of the Italy women's national ice hockey team.	Valentina Bettarini	Italy
country of citizenship	Adrian Puțanu (born 9 January 1994 in Romania) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Viitorul Constanța as a centre-back.	Adrian Puțanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Rafael Carbonell Carrion (born November 25, 1943 in Oriente, Ciudad de la Habana) is a retired boxer from Cuba, who represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1964.	Rafael Carbonell	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sir Alexander Kingcome Turner KBE QC (18 November 1901 -- 7 July 1993) was an Auckland-born New Zealand lawyer and judge.	Alexander Kingcome Turner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Muhammad Khalid Masud (born 15 April 1939) is the Director General of Islamic Research Institute, International Islamic University, Islamabad, Pakistan.	Muhammad Khalid Masud	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Eusebia Palomino Yenes (15 December 1899, in Cantalpino, Spain -- 10 February 1935) was a Spanish nun.	Eusebia Palomino Yenes	Spain
country of citizenship	Nancy Browne was a New Zealand cricketer.	Nancy Browne	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nandana Mendis was the Chief Minister of Western Province of Sri Lanka.	Nandana Mendis	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Raya Dunayevskaya, born Raya Shpigel (Russian: Ра́я Шпи́гель; May 1, 1910 - June 9, 1987), later Rae Spiegel, also known by the pseudonym Freddie Forest, was the American founder of the philosophy of Marxist Humanism in the United States of America.	Raya Dunayevskaya	United States of America
country of citizenship	Guo Weicheng (simplified Chinese: 郭维城; traditional Chinese: 郭維城; pinyin: Guō Wéichéng) (1912 - January 1, 1995) was a major general of the People's Liberation Army, a politician of the People's Republic of China, and a former Minister of Railways of China.	Guo Weicheng	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Alberto Terry Arias-Schreiber (May 16, 1929 -- February 7, 2006), popularly known as ``Toto,'' was a Peruvian footballer who played for Universitario de Deportes, Sporting Cristal, and the Peru national football team.	Alberto Terry	Peru
country of citizenship	Trần Nguyễn Uyên Linh (born December 31, 1987) is a Vietnamese singer who won the third season of Vietnam Idol in 2010.	Uyên Linh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Jiranat Nontaket (Thai: จีรณัฐ นนทเกษ, born 19 June 1988) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Jiranat Nontaket	Thailand
country of citizenship	Mark Faumuina (born 2 October 1971) is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented Western Samoa.	Mark Faumuina	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Giulia Siegel (born Julia Anna Marina Siegel on 10 November 1974 in Munich, Germany) is an actress, host, DJ, and model.	Giulia Siegel	Germany
country of citizenship	Grisélidis Réal (11 August 1929 -- 31 May 2005) was a writer and prostitute from Geneva, Switzerland.	Grisélidis Réal	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Khalid Boulami (born 7 August 1969) is a former long-distance runner from Morocco.	Khalid Boulami	Morocco
country of citizenship	Hans G. Kresse, born in the Netherlands in 1921, started his career as a comics artist in 1938 in the scouting magazine De Verkenner.	Hans G. Kresse	Netherlands
country of citizenship	William ``Bill'' Cruickshanks (born 24 October 1943 in Angus, Scotland) is a Scottish born-Australian professional wrestler and author better known by his stage name Bill Dundee.	Bill Dundee	Scotland
country of citizenship	Leslie George Kelly (10 May 1906 -- 6 August 1959) was a New Zealand journalist, engine driver and historian.	Leslie George Kelly	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manuel del Campo (14 November 1913 in Mexico City -- 16 February 1969 in England) was a Mexican film editor working in Hollywood and British film.	Manuel del Campo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Vincenzo Trucco was a racing driver from Milan, Italy.	Vincenzo Trucco	Italy
country of citizenship	Carlo Stefano Rodríguez (born 24 September 1988) is a Mexican football striker currently playing for Irapuato FC in the Ascenso MX, having previously played for Estudiantes Tecos in the Primera Division de Mexico and FC Banants and Ulisses FC in the Armenian Premier League.	Carlo Stefano Rodríguez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Atsushi Kizuka (木塚 敦志, born July 19, 1977 in Urawa, Saitama, Saitama, Japan) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher.	Atsushi Kizuka	Japan
country of citizenship	Edo Brunner (born 11 October 1970, Dubbeldam, Netherlands) is a Dutch actor and presenter.	Edo Brunner	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bak Maeng-woo (Hangul: 박맹우 ; RR: Bak Maeng-u; born December 6, 1951) is the current mayor of Ulsan, South Korea.	Bak Maeng-woo	South Korea
country of citizenship	Andrew James Duncan Laing CNZM OBE (20 June 1933 -- 13 September 2008), generally known as Duncan Laing, was a New Zealand swimming coach based in Dunedin.	Duncan Laing	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jarmila Nygrýnová-Strejčková (15 February 1953 -- 5 January 1999) was a long jumper from the Czech Republic, representing Czechoslovakia.	Jarmila Nygrýnová	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Raulín Rodríguez (born June 16, 1970) is a bachata artist, one of the first major bachata artists to have national success and popularize this style of music in the Dominican Republic.	Raulín Rodríguez	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Uzodinma Iweala (born November 5, 1982) is an author and physician who hails from Nigeria.	Uzodinma Iweala	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Stanislav Karasi (Serbian Cyrillic: Станислав Караси) (born November 8, 1946 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian striker who played at FIFA World Cup 1974 for SFR Yugoslavia.	Stanislav Karasi	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Jan Kaus is an accurate and shrewd, sometimes sarcastic observer of Estonia, the New Economy and the Internet age.	Jan Kaus	Estonia
country of citizenship	Mihai Trăistariu (Romanian pronunciation: (miˈhaj trəjstaˈri.u); born on 16 December 1979 in Piatra Neamț, Romania), also known as simply Mihai (stylized as M I H A I) is a Romanian singer, songwriter and composer.	Mihai Trăistariu	Romania
country of citizenship	Clinton Coleridge Farr (22 May 1866 -- 27 January 1943) was a New Zealand physicist, electrical engineer and university professor.	Coleridge Farr	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michel Reimon (born 11 July 1971) is an Austrian politician, who since 2014, has been a Member of the European Parliament, representing Austria.	Michel Reimon	Austria
country of citizenship	Stefan Błachowski (Opawa, 19 May 1889 -- 31 January 1962, Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish psychologist and professor at Poznań University.	Stefan Błachowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Achim Lippoth (born 1968 in Ilshofen, Germany) is a German photographer and film director best known for using child models to stage scenes from everyday life.	Achim Lippoth	Germany
country of citizenship	Per Hækkerup (25 December 1915 -- 13 March 1979) was a Danish Social Democratic politician, who served as Foreign Minister of Denmark from 1962 to 1966.	Per Hækkerup	Denmark
country of citizenship	Antoine Idji Kolawolé (born 1946 in Illikimou, near Kétou, Benin) is a Beninese politician.	Antoine Idji Kolawolé	Benin
country of citizenship	Gisèle Ory (born April 6, 1956 in Biel/Bienne) is a politician from the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.	Gisèle Ory	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Christian Potenza (born December 23, 1972) is a Canadian actor and voice artist born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Christian Potenza	Canada
country of citizenship	Augustin-Jérôme Raby (November 10, 1745 -- September 20, 1822) was a pilot and political figure in Lower Canada.	Augustin-Jérôme Raby	Canada
country of citizenship	Diego Barber (Lanzarote, Canary Islands, Spain) is a classical and jazz guitarist.	Diego Barber	Spain
country of citizenship	Joop Alberda (born 25 October 1952 in Oosterwolde, Friesland) is a retired volleyball coach from the Netherlands In 1996, under his directions, the Dutch Men's National Team won the gold medal in Atlanta, Georgia by defeating Italy in the final (3-2).	Joop Alberda	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Pierre-Marie Carré (born 22 April 1947 in Serques, France) is a French Bishop of the Catholic Church.	Pierre-Marie Carré	France
country of citizenship	Caroline Ethel Cooper (25 December 1871 - 25 May 1961) was an Australian trombonist best known for the letters she wrote to her sister Emmie in Australia while she was trapped behind enemy lines in Leipzig during World War I.	Ethel Cooper	Australia
country of citizenship	Haji Abdul Aziz Abdul Kadir (born 11 February 1963) is a Malaysian politician and a former Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Ketereh constituency in Kelantan.	Abdul Aziz Abdul Kadir	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Mai Chen is a New Zealand constitutional and administrative law expert, Managing Partner of Chen Palmer Public and Employment Law Specialists, Professor (adjunct) at the University of Auckland School of Law, Director of BNZ and best selling author.	Mai Chen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Quanita Adams is a Cape Town, South Africa-based stage and screen actress.	Quanita Adams	South Africa
country of citizenship	Julien Lorcy (born April 12, 1972 in Argenteuil, Val-d'Oise, France), was a professional boxer who held the WBA lightweight title twice.	Julien Lorcy	France
country of citizenship	Nawang Rigzin Jora is an Indian politician and current Minister for Urban Development and Urban Local Bodies, Jammu and Kashmir, India	Nawang Rigzin Jora	India
country of citizenship	Julia Bertha Díaz Hernández (born October 1, 1936 in Havana, Ciudad de la Habana) is a retired sprinter from Cuba, who also competed in the long jump and the hurdling events during her career.	Bertha Díaz	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ricardo Viera (born in December 1945 in Ciego de Avila, Cuba) is a Cuban artist specializing painting, drawing, and engraving.	Ricardo Viera	Cuba
country of citizenship	Amir-John Haddad (born 1975 in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany to a Colombian mother and a Palestinian father) is a German-Spanish flamenco guitarist and multi-instrumentalist, based in Spain since 1997.	Amir-John Haddad	Germany
country of citizenship	Nicky Hofs started playing football at the age of five, for his team Arnhemse Boys in the city of Arnhem, The Netherlands.	Nicky Hofs	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Enhamed Enhamed Mohamed Yahdih (born September 11, 1987 in Las Palmas, Canary Islands) is a swimmer from Spain.	Enhamed Enhamed	Spain
country of citizenship	Luis Acuña (born January 20, 1989 in Merlo, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for San Marcos de Arica of the Primera División in Chile.	Luis Acuña	Argentina
country of citizenship	Klaus Bechgaard (born March 5, 1945 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish scientist and chemist, noted for being one of the first scientists in the world to synthesize a number of organic charge transfer complexes and demonstrate their superconductivity, threreof the name Bechgaard salt.	Klaus Bechgaard	Denmark
country of citizenship	Kim Allan is a New Zealand-based ultramarathoner.	Kim Allan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Carmel Robichaud is a politician and retired teacher in New Brunswick, Canada.	Carmel Robichaud	Canada
country of citizenship	Raffaello Squarise (13 November 1856--15 April 1945), also known as Raphael Squarise, was an Italian violinist, teacher, conductor, and composer, who settled in Adelaide, South Australia, and Dunedin, New Zealand.	Raffaello Squarise	Australia
country of citizenship	András Gálszécsy (born 7 December 1933) is a Hungarian politician and jurist, who served as Minister of Civilian Intelligence Services of Hungary between 1990 and 1992.	András Gálszécsy	Hungary
country of citizenship	Tom Zé (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈtõ ˈzɛ); born Antônio José Santana Martins, 11 October 1936 in Irará, Bahia, Brazil) is a songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer who was influential in the Tropicália movement of 1960s Brazil.	Tom Zé	Brazil
country of citizenship	Joseph Ngô Quang Kiệt (born 4 September 1952 in Lạng Sơn Province, Vietnam) is the Archbishop Emeritus of Hanoi.	Joseph Ngô Quang Kiệt	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Catherine Ann Andersen (1 August 1870 -- 15 September 1957) was a New Zealand teacher, community leader and writer.	Catherine Ann Andersen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christopher Papamichalopoulos (Greek: Χριστόφορος Παπαμιχαλόπουλος; born April 5, 1988) is an alpine skier from Cyprus.	Christopher Papamichalopoulos	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Ratan Parimoo (born 1936 in Srinagar, Kashmir) is one of the major art historians and painters of modern India.	Ratan Parimoo	India
country of citizenship	Count Maurycy Stanisław Potocki (Piława coat of arms) was born on May 16, 1894, in his family real estate of Jabłonna near Warsaw, Congress Poland.	Maurycy Stanisław Potocki	Poland
country of citizenship	Jaap Schröder or Jaap Schroeder (born December 31, 1925 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands) is a Dutch violinist, conductor, and pedagogue.	Jaap Schröder	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mark Vos (born 20 October 1983), also known as 'pokerbok', is a professional poker player from Australia.	Mark Vos	Australia
country of citizenship	Marcos Mazzaron (born 5 November 1963) is a retired road bicycle racer and track cyclist from Brazil.	Marcos Mazzaron	Brazil
country of citizenship	T. K. Ramakrishnan (1922 -- 21 April 2006) was a politician from Tripunithura, Kerala, India.	T. K. Ramakrishnan	India
country of citizenship	Petro Zheji (18 October 1929 - 14 March 2015) was an Albanian linguist, translator, philosopher, and author from Gjirokastër who lived and worked intellectually in Tiranë, Albania.	Petro Zheji	Albania
country of citizenship	Marco Dorigo (born 26 August 1961, in Milan, Italy) is a research director for the Belgian Funds for Scientific Research (FNRS) and a co-director of IRIDIA, the artificial intelligence lab of the Université Libre de Bruxelles.	Marco Dorigo	Italy
country of citizenship	Kerenina Sunny Halim (also spelled Karenina; born in Jakarta, 13 June 1986), an Indonesian American, was Miss Indonesia (DKI Jakarta) 2009.	Kerenina Sunny Halim	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Jorma Ojanaho is a strongman competitor from Finland who is best known for competing in the 1996 World's Strongest Man competition, finishing in 6th place.	Jorma Ojanaho	Finland
country of citizenship	Sami Yaffa (born Sami Lauri Takamäki September 4, 1963 in Espoo, Finland) is a bass guitarist best known for his work in New York Dolls, Michael Monroe's bands and Hanoi Rocks.	Sami Yaffa	Finland
country of citizenship	Katerina Nehua (1903--1948) (Nga Puhi) was a New Zealand endurance swimmer.	Katerina Nehua	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Robert Nugent Watts (before 1821 -- April 19, 1867) was a political figure in Canada East.	Robert Nugent Watts	Canada
country of citizenship	Akbar Misaghian (Persian: اکبر میثاقیان‎, born May 21, 1953 in Gonbad-e Kavus, Iran) is a retired Iranian football player and a current coach.	Akbar Misaghian	Iran
country of citizenship	Attila Sallustro (15 December 1908 - 28 May 1983) born in Asunción, Paraguay was a professional Italian-Paraguayan football player.	Attila Sallustro	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Keirrison finished as the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A 2008 top scorer, with 23 goals, tied with Washington of Fluminense and Kléber Pereira of Santos, being the youngest top scorer in the history of Brazil.	Keirrison	Brazil
country of citizenship	Neno Kolev Nenovsky (Bulgarian: Нено Колев Неновски) (16 March 1934 -- 14 May 2004) was a Bulgarian jurist, scientist and was a former judge of the Constitutional Court of Bulgaria, where he served from (1991-1994 г.)	Neno Kolev Nenovsky	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Sotir Kolea was born in the Goricë district of Berat, southern Albania (then part of the Ottoman Empire) on September 4, 1872.	Sotir Kolea	Albania
country of citizenship	Charles Emilius Gold (6 January 1809--29 July 1871) was a New Zealand soldier and artist.	Charles Emilius Gold	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vakhtang Kakhidze was born into a family of Jansug Kakhidze in 1959 in Tbilisi, Georgia.	Vakhtang Kakhidze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Maitama Bello Yusuf (born April, 1947) is a Nigerian politician and a senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.	Maitama Bello Yusuf	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Sallieu Bundu (born January 1, 1984 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) nicknamed Teacher, is a Sierra Leonean footballer.	Sallieu Bundu	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Héctor Echavarría was born in Corrientes, the capital city of the northern province of Corrientes, in his native Argentina.	Héctor Echavarría	Argentina
country of citizenship	Bernt Sverdrup Maschmann (17 October 1805 -- 13 May 1869) was a Norwegian priest, politician and pharmacist Bernt Maschmann was born in Christiania (now Oslo), Norway.	Bernt Sverdrup Maschmann	Norway
country of citizenship	Joseph Eric D'Arcy (25 April 1924 - 12 December 2005) was the ninth Roman Catholic Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia from 1988 - 1999.	Eric D'Arcy	Australia
country of citizenship	Derrick Mensah has played international football at under-20 level for Ghana U20.	Derrick Mensah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Marlene Favela (born Silvia Marlene Favela Meraz on August 5, 1976 in Santiago Papasquiaro, Durango, Mexico) is a Mexican actress.	Marlene Favela	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kim Joon (born Kim Hyung-joon on February 3, 1984 in Gwacheon, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea) is a South Korean rapper and actor who rose to stardom with his portrayal of one of the famous F4 members in the 2009 hit drama Boys Over Flowers.	Kim Joon	South Korea
country of citizenship	William Rolleston (19 September 1831 -- 8 February 1903) was a New Zealand politician, public administrator, educationalist and Canterbury provincial superintendent.	William Rolleston	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Edwin Bollier and his partner, Erwin Meister, founded Mebo Telecommunications AG in Zürich, Switzerland in 1969.	Edwin Bollier	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Marius Tucă (born 29 July 1966, Caracal, Olt County, Romania) is a Romanian journalist and TV host.	Marius Tucă	Romania
country of citizenship	Walter Reder was born in Freiwaldau, Silesia, Austria-Hungary, in the today's Czech Republic.	Walter Reder	Austria
country of citizenship	The achievements and loyalty of Tô Hiến Thành to the infant emperor Lý Cao Tông made him a highly praised figure in the history of Vietnam.	Tô Hiến Thành	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Mohamad Haidar (born 8 November 1989) in Lebanon is a Lebanese professional player who plays for safa beirut and plays as a right wing.	Mohamad Haidar	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Roya Arab (born 1967, in Tehran, Iran) is a UK-based Iranian musician and archaeologist.	Roya Arab	Iran
country of citizenship	Lito Pimentel (born May 27, 1963 Joselito Pimentel) is a film and television actor in the Philippines.	Lito Pimentel	Philippines
country of citizenship	Naiyyum Choudhury (Bengali: ডঃ নঈম চৌধুরী; born 27 September 1946) is a biochemist from Bangladesh.	Naiyyum Choudhury	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Gongsa Ugyen Wangchuck (Dzongkha: ཨོ་རྒྱན་དབང་ཕྱུག, Wylie: o rgyan dbang phyug, 1862--1926) was the first Druk Gyalpo (King of Bhutan) from 1907-1926.	Ugyen Wangchuck	Bhutan
country of citizenship	Christian Kumpf (1838 -- January 9, 1904) was a German-born politician in Ontario, Canada.	Christian Kumpf	Canada
country of citizenship	Rahim Jahani (Persian: رحيم جهانی) was a well known veteran singer from Afghanistan's pre-revolutionary music (era).	Rahim Jahani	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Charles Oliver Bond Davis (c.1818--28 June 1887) was a New Zealand interpreter, writer and land purchase agent.	Charles Oliver Bond Davis	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jóhanna Vala Jónsdóttir, born 1986 in Reykjavík, Iceland, won the Miss Iceland beauty contest in 2007 and represented her country in Miss World 2007, in Sanya, China.	Jóhanna Vala Jónsdóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Heath Blackgrove (born 5 December 1980 in Oamaru) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist.	Heath Blackgrove	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Erdinç Türksever (born November 30, 1985) is an alpine skier from Turkey.	Erdinç Türksever	Turkey
country of citizenship	John Richard Jones (died 4 May 1911) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Otago, New Zealand.	John Richard Jones	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Bennett Tunbridge (1850--1928) was a notable New Zealand police commissioner .	John Bennett Tunbridge	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Venera Mustafa Born in Pristina on May 15, 1981 won the title Miss Albania in 1999, while a war refugee from Kosovo.	Venera Mustafa	Albania
country of citizenship	Francis Clive Henry (1903--2001) was a prominent solicitor in the Waikato of New Zealand and a member of the well-known Henry Family (see Henry Family of New Zealand).	Clive Henry	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Born in Monrovia, Liberia, in 1981, Kimmie Weeks was nine years old when he experienced the First Liberian Civil War at first hand.	Kimmie Weeks	Liberia
country of citizenship	Richard Onses is a French economist and politician, born in Pau, France in 1962.	Richard Onses	France
country of citizenship	Stephen Peter Llewellyn (18 July 1913--14 November 1960) was a New Zealand soldier, historian, journalist and novelist.	Stephen Peter Llewellyn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ruben Rausing was born in 1895 in Råå, a small fishing hamlet in the district of Raus outside of Helsingborg in the south of Sweden, to August and Mathilda Andersson.	Ruben Rausing	Sweden
country of citizenship	Helen Moulder (born 1947) is an accomplished New Zealand actor.	Helen Moulder	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Scarlet Gruber (Born Caracas, Venezuela), is a Venezuelan actress and dancer.	Scarlet Gruber	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Yoshio Shirai (白井 義男, November 23, 1923 -- December 26, 2003) was a professional boxer from Tokyo, Japan.	Yoshio Shirai	Japan
country of citizenship	Fernando Venâncio (Mértola, Portugal, born 1944) is a Portuguese born writer, intellectual, literary critic, linguist and academic.	Fernando Venâncio	Portugal
country of citizenship	Sir Henry John Caldwell (October 22, 1801 -- October 13, 1858) was a seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada and Canada East (now Quebec.)	Henry John Caldwell	Canada
country of citizenship	Dillon Sheppard (born 27 February 1979) is a South African football (soccer) left-winger who plays for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits and South Africa.	Dillon Sheppard	South Africa
country of citizenship	Marc Giacone is a composer, organist and improviser from Monaco.	Marc Giacone	Monaco
country of citizenship	Wang San-ak (왕산악, 王山岳, ?-?) was the Prime Minister of Goguryeo during the reign of King Yangwon.	Wang San-ak	Goguryeo
country of citizenship	Clarissa Ocampo was born in the Philippines to a concert pianist mother and an obstetrician father who sang opera as a hobby.	Clarissa Ocampo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Born Sheldon Aitana Ricardo Lawrence in Kingston, Jamaica, Aidonia is the second of four children for his mother who was a teacher, and his father an ex-soldier.	Aidonia	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Sandra Greaves (born June 17, 1963 in St. Boniface, Manitoba) is a retired judoka from Canada, who won the gold medal in the women's middleweight (-- 66 kg) competition at the 1987 Pan American Games.	Sandra Greaves	Canada
country of citizenship	Peter Ala Adjetey (11 August 1931 -- 15 July 2008) was the Speaker of the Parliament of Ghana from 2001 to 2005.	Peter Ala Adjetey	Ghana
country of citizenship	Mary Ann Ellen (18 June 1897 -- 19 August 1949) was a New Zealand rural women's advocate, community leader and hairdresser.	Mary Ann Ellen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Emma-Kate Croghan is an Australian director and writer born in Adelaide, South Australia on Australia Day (26 January) 1972.	Emma-Kate Croghan	Australia
country of citizenship	Ghenadie Petrescu (Romanian pronunciation: (ɡeˈnadi.e peˈtresku); March 1836 -- August 31, 1918) was a Wallachian-born Romanian priest of the national Orthodox church, who served as Metropolitan-Primate of Romania from 1893 to 1896.	Ghenadie Petrescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Ali Yachkaschi (in Persian علی یخکشی - alternative spellings: Ali Yakhkeshi) (1939 in Behshahr, Iran) is an Iranian professor of Environmental science, environmental activist and author.	Ali Yachkaschi	Iran
country of citizenship	Allan Kroeker (Born April 10, 1951, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian film and television director, cinematographer, screenwriter, film editor and film producer.	Allan Kroeker	Canada
country of citizenship	Cezary Ostrowski currently lives in Poznań, Poland.	Cezary Ostrowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Azeez Kayode Fakeye (born 1965 in Ibadan, Nigeria) is the only son of Ganiyu Fakeye who is the brother of Lamidi Fakeye and Akin Fakeye.	Azeez Kayode Fakeye	Nigeria
country of citizenship	František Fajtl was born in Donín in northern Bohemia, which was part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire until after World War I, when it become Czechoslovakia in 1918, and now is a part of the Czech Republic.	František Fajtl	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	In Russia, Alexander Goldstein is known for his expertise on the music of Paul Mauriat, a renowned French orchestra leader who has an official fan club.	Alexander Goldstein	Russia
country of citizenship	Kong Anguo (Chinese: 孔安國; Wade--Giles: K'ung An-kuo; ca. 156 -- ca. 74 BC), courtesy name Ziguo (子國), was a Confucian scholar and government official of the Western Han dynasty of ancient China.	Kong Anguo	China
country of citizenship	Professor Olusola Adeyeye is a Nigerian biologist and politician who was elected Senator for the Osun Central constituency of Osun State, Nigeria in the April 2011 federal elections.	Olusola Adeyeye	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Anders Jektvik (born in Hitra, Norway on 14 June 1982) is a Norwegian musician, singer, songwriter and guitarist.	Anders Jektvik	Norway
country of citizenship	Wijdan Michael Salim (born 1962) is a former Minister of Human Rights in Iraq and currently advisor for development and service for the Prime Minister's Office.	Wijdan Michael	Iraq
country of citizenship	B. S. Rajhans was born in Calcutta, India but he was based in Malaysia.	B. S. Rajhans	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ali Akbar Mohtashamipur or Mohtashami (Persian: علی‌اکبر محتشمی‎) (born 1947) is a Shia cleric who was active in the 1979 Iranian Revolution and later became interior minister of the Islamic Republic of Iran.	Ali Akbar Mohtashamipur	Iran
country of citizenship	Senesino left England in 1736, and appeared in a few more productions in Italy: he sang at Florence from 1737 to 1739, and then in Naples until 1740, making his final appearance in Porpora's Il trionfo di Camilla at the Teatro San Carlo.	Senesino	Italy
country of citizenship	Justo Arosemena Quesada (August 9, 1817 -- February 23, 1896) was a statesman, writer, lawyer and politician from Panama who lived during the period of union with Colombia.	Justo Arosemena Quesada	Panama
country of citizenship	Nuraliza Osman grew up in Singapore and was a top student and scholar at the (Methodist Girls School) where she won many accolades and excelled academically.	Nuraliza Osman	Singapore
country of citizenship	Mehmet Hilmi Güler (born 1946, Ordu, Turkey) is a Turkish politician and metallurgical engineer.	Hilmi Güler	Turkey
country of citizenship	Léon Bouthillier, comte de Chavigny (March 28, 1608 -- October 11, 1652) was a Foreign Minister of France to Louis XIII.	Léon Bouthillier, comte de Chavigny	France
country of citizenship	Thomas Ankersmit (born 1979, Leiden, Netherlands) is a musician and installation artist based in Berlin and Amsterdam.	Thomas Ankersmit	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Gertrud Gabl (26 August 1948 -- 18 January 1976) was an alpine skier from Austria.	Gertrud Gabl	Austria
country of citizenship	Kurt Hirschfeld (born March 10, 1902 in Lehrte, Germany; died November 8, 1964 in Zurich) was a German theater director and dramaturg in Zurich.	Kurt Hirschfeld	Germany
country of citizenship	Ralph Uwazuruike is the leader of the Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB); a group canvassing for the secession and sovereignty of Eastern Nigeria.	Ralph Uwazuruike	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jaime Durán has represented Mexico at various youth levels.	Jaime Durán	Mexico
country of citizenship	Arben Ristani (born 29 March 1969, Tirana) used to be known as the varikarsi of the Central Election Commission of Albania while now he is just a member of Democratic Party of Albania.	Arben Ristani	Albania
country of citizenship	Alonso Brito (born 1950) is a Latin, alternative, salsa singer, songwriter born in Havana, Cuba.	Alonso Brito	Cuba
country of citizenship	Matteo Rubin signed his first professional footballing contract for Serie C1 team Cittadella before signing for Torino in Serie A. When becoming a first team regular Matteo suffered a ligament injury to his left knee which kept him out of the season for 6 months, sustained while playing for Italy U21 team against Greece.	Matteo Rubin	Italy
country of citizenship	Stéphane Ducret is a Swiss contemporary artist born in 1970 in Lausanne, Switzerland, and living in Buenos Aires, Argentina since 2006.	Stéphane Ducret	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Devjibhai Govindbhai Fatepara (b 20 November 1958, Kankot) is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India.	Devjibhai Govindbhai Fatepara	India
country of citizenship	Gustaf Markus Wiechel (born 15 April 1988 in Ljungsbro, Linköping, Sweden) is a Swedish politician (Sweden Democrat).	Markus Wiechel	Sweden
country of citizenship	Bryan Loo is a Malaysian entrepreneur, and the master franchisor for the Chatime brand in Malaysia.	Bryan Loo	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Johannes Klumpp went to school at Eberhard-Ludwigs-Gymnasium in Stuttgart, Germany, where he took the Abitur.	Johannes Klumpp	Germany
country of citizenship	Lee Chu-hong (born June 24, 1983 in Daegu, South Korea) is a South Korean figure skater.	Lee Chu-hong	South Korea
country of citizenship	Teng Yu-hsien was born in Longtan, Taoyuan of Japanese-ruled Taiwan.	Teng Yu-hsien	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Bertille St. Clair is a Trinidadian football manager who has coached the national teams of both Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and Trinidad and Tobago.	Bertille St. Clair	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Jozo Križanović (28 July 1944 -- 2 December 2009) was a Bosnian Croat politician who served as Croat member of the tripartite Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 2001 to 2002.	Jozo Križanović	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Dariusz Wosz (born 8 June 1969 in Piekary Śląskie, Silesia, Poland) is a German former footballer who played mostly as a playmaker.	Dariusz Wosz	Poland
country of citizenship	Mahdyar Aghajani (Persian: مهدیار آقاجانی‎‎; born January 22, 1989) is a musician, record producer and film composer born and raised in Tehran, Iran.	Mahdyar Aghajani	Iran
country of citizenship	I. Roberto Eisenmann Jr. is a Panamanian journalist known for founding and heading La Prensa, a leading daily newspaper described as Panama's newspaper of record.	I. Roberto Eisenmann Jr.	Panama
country of citizenship	Grand Ayatollah Seyyed Hossein Borujerdi (Luri/Persian:آیت الله العظمی سید حسین طباطبایی بروجردی, transcript Ayatollah al-azmi Seyyed Hossein(e) Tabatabai(ye) Borujerdi) March 1875 -- 30 March 1961) was a Shia Marja' and the leading Marja in Iran from roughly 1947 to his death in 1961.	Seyyed Hossein Borujerdi	Iran
country of citizenship	Simon Westlund is a speedcuber from Sweden who was born in 1994.	Simon Westlund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Pierre Brassard is also famous for being kicked in the groin by Pierre Elliott Trudeau during an interview in which he asked a sarcastic question that didn't please the past Prime Minister of Canada.	Pierre Brassard	Canada
country of citizenship	Marat Shakhmetov (born 6 February 1989) is a Kazakh football player, who plays for FC Taraz in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Marat Shakhmetov	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Dato' Paduka Abu Bakar Taib (born 21 March 1943) is a former Malaysian politician, who represented the seat of Langkawi in the Parliament of Malaysia from 1995 to 2013.	Abu Bakar Taib	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Amir Jan Sabori (Persian: امیر جان صبوری‎) is a singer, musician, composer, and poet from Herat, Afghanistan.	Amir Jan Sabori	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	On 17 November 2008, Queen Margrethe II of Denmark declared Peter Erben a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog for his contribution to furthering democracy around the world.	Peter Erben	Denmark
country of citizenship	David Callan is an actor and standup comedian based in Sydney, Australia.	David Callan	Australia
country of citizenship	Sunny Sohal (born November 10, 1987) is a professional cricketer from Mohali, Punjab, India.	Sunny Sohal	India
country of citizenship	Kathrine Sørland (born 25 March 1980 in Stavanger, Norway) is a Norwegian fashion model, TV presenter and beauty queen who has competed in the Miss World and Miss Universe beauty pageants.	Kathrine Sørland	Norway
country of citizenship	Paolo Canettieri (born 1965, Viterbo) is a romance philologist, researcher in cognitive science, and author, working in Italy.	Paolo Canettieri	Italy
country of citizenship	Juan José Arévalo Bermejo (10 September 1904 -- 8 October 1990) was a professor of philosophy who became Guatemala's first democratically elected president in 1944.	Juan José Arévalo	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Liselotte Grschebina (Grjebina), photographer, born 2.5.1908 in Karlsruhe, Germany.	Liselotte Grschebina	Germany
country of citizenship	Dr. Gustav Humbert (born February 1950 in Celle, West Germany) is the former Chief executive officer and President of Airbus SAS, and a former member of the EADS Executive Committee.	Gustav Humbert	Germany
country of citizenship	Salbatore Mitxelena (1919, Zarautz, Gipuzkoa, (Spain) -- 1965 La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland), was a friar and a writer in the Basque language.	Salbatore Mitxelena	Spain
country of citizenship	No Jin-hyuk (Hangul: 노진혁, Hanja: 盧珍赫; born July 15, 1989 in Gwangju, South Korea) is a South Korean shortstop for the NC Dinos in the Korea Baseball Organization.	No Jin-hyuk	South Korea
country of citizenship	Kongō Masahiro (18 November 1948 - 12 August 2014) was a former sumo wrestler from Hokkaidō, Japan.	Kongō Masahiro	Japan
country of citizenship	Dato' Mohd Nasir Ibrahim Fikri (born 4 March 1957) was a Member of the Parliament of Malaysia.	Mohd Nasir Ibrahim Fikri	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Vasudev Balwant Phadke ( pronunciation ) (4 November 1845 -- 17 February 1883) was an Indian Freedom Fighter who sought India's independence from British.	Vasudev Balwant Phadke	India
country of citizenship	Reza Vatankhah (Persian: رضا وطنخواه‎‎) (born February 8, 1947 in Tehran, Iran) is a retired Iranian football player.	Reza Vatankhah	Iran
country of citizenship	Gustavo de Greiff Restrepo (born June 20, 1929) is a Colombian lawyer, educator and activist, who served as former Attorney General of Colombia and former Colombian Ambassador to Mexico.	Gustavo de Greiff	Colombia
country of citizenship	Sugiantoro made 48 appearances for the Indonesia national football team from 1997 to 2004.	Sugiantoro	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Hubert Wilkins was a native of Hallett, South Australia, the last of 13 children in a family of pioneer settlers and sheep farmers.	Hubert Wilkins	Australia
country of citizenship	William Hamley (b. 18th century) in Bodmin, Cornwall, United Kingdom, founded what is today known as Hamleys, one of the largest toy stores in the world.	William Hamley	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Pádraigín Ní Uallacháin (Irish pronunciation: (ˈpˠɑːd̺.ɾˠɪɡʲiːnʲ nʲiː u.a.l̺ˠaxˠɑːinʲ)) (born 23 August 1950) is an Irish singer, songwriter, academic and former newsreader from County Louth, Ireland.	Pádraigín Ní Uallacháin	Ireland
country of citizenship	Moti Nandi (Bengali: মতি নন্দী; 10 July 1931 -- 3 January 2010) was a Bengali writer based in Kolkata, India.	Moti Nandi	India
country of citizenship	Akintunde Akinsehinwa (November 11, 1944 -- February 13, 1976) was the Aide-de-Camp to Murtala Ramat Mohammed -- military ruler (Head of State) of Nigeria (1975--1976).	Akintunde Akinsehinwa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Fernando de Mendonça (born December 2, 1924 in Guaramiranga, Ceará) is a Brazilian electronic engineer and researcher, founder and first director of Brazil's National Institute for Space Research.	Fernando de Mendonça	Brazil
country of citizenship	Michelle Seymour (born 21 December 1965) is a former New Zealand representative sprinter.	Michelle Seymour	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Patrea Smallacombe (born 1961, Adelaide, Australia) is a prolific Australian writer and series script editor who contributed to numerous soap operas in her native Australia including The Young Doctors, Prisoner, Neighbours and A Country Practice before moving to the United Kingdom in 1987.	Patrea Smallacombe	Australia
country of citizenship	Jan Van Rijsselberge is a creator, designer, and producer from Belgium who is credited on multiple animated TV series, including:	Jan Van Rijsselberge	Belgium
country of citizenship	Blanche Edith Thompson (1874--1963) was a notable New Zealand piano teacher, sportswoman and social reformer.	Blanche Edith Thompson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Agim Sulaj, is an Albanian famous painter, born on 6 September 1960 in Tirana Albania, living in Rimini Italia from 1990 having the Italian citizenship.	Agim Sulaj	Albania
country of citizenship	In 2004 Gijs Kuenen became a Knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion, In 2005 he was elected Fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology.	Gijs Kuenen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Carl Junker was born as the son of a tenant farmer in 1827 in Saubersdorf in Lower Austria.	Carl Junker	Austria
country of citizenship	David Stuart Parker (March 22, 1919 -- May 9, 1990) served as the Governor of the Panama Canal Zone from 1971 to 1975.	David Stuart Parker	Panama
country of citizenship	Alireza Vafaei (Persian: علیرضا وفایی‎‎, born 20 March 1989 in, Qom, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player.	Alireza Vafaei	Iran
country of citizenship	José Ramón Machado Ventura, M.D. (born 26 October 1930) is a Cuban revolutionary and politician who was the First Vice President of the Council of State of Cuba from 2008 to 2013.	José Ramón Machado Ventura	Cuba
country of citizenship	Jan Hrbatý (born January 20, 1942 in Stražisko, Bohemia and Moravia, German-occupied Czechoslovakia) is an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team.	Jan Hrbatý	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Felix Draeseke was born in the Franconian ducal town of Coburg, Germany.	Felix Draeseke	Germany
country of citizenship	Salah Abdel Maqsoud (born 1958) (Arabic: صلاح عبد المقصود) is the minister of information of Egypt as part of the Qandil Cabinet.	Salah Abdel Maqsoud	Egypt
country of citizenship	Donat Savoie (born in Montreal), an anthropologist, was the interim Executive Director of Canada's Inuit Relations Secretariat and chief federal negotiator for Nunavik self-government before his retirement in 2006.	Donat Savoie	Canada
country of citizenship	William Warren Baldwin (April 25, 1775 -- January 8, 1844) was a doctor, businessman, lawyer, judge, architect and reform politician in Upper Canada.	William Warren Baldwin	Canada
country of citizenship	Dušan Kabát (born 20 August 1944) is a former Czechoslovakia international football player.	Dušan Kabát	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Samuel Louis Mosinger (1804 -- 20 April 1872) was prominent Croatian businessman, merchant and member of the ``Varaždin charity society'', the first and oldest such society in Croatia.	Samuel Louis Mosinger	Croatia
country of citizenship	Abiola Bashorun is a model and former Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria.	Abiola Bashorun	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Somnath Lahiri (1901--1984) was an Indian statesman and a leader of Communist Party of India.	Somnath Lahiri	India
country of citizenship	Henri Skiba (born July 14, 1927, original first name: Heinrich) is a former French football player of German origin who played for France national football team; he was then manager in Switzerland and France.	Henri Skiba	France
country of citizenship	Russell Kirkpatrick (born 1961, Christchurch, New Zealand) is a geography lecturer and a novelist.	Russell Kirkpatrick	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Natalio Botana (Natalio Félix Botana Miralles) was an Uruguayan journalist who started the newspaper La Critica (es) in Argentina in 1913.	Natalio Botana	Argentina
country of citizenship	Suba Thangavelan is an Indian politician and former minister for Slum Clearance and Accommodation Control in Tamil Nadu state of India.	Suba Thangavelan	India
country of citizenship	František Šorm was a staunch communist and member of the Central Committee of Communist Party of Czechoslovakia.	František Šorm	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Maximos Salloum (born on 2 December 1920 in Yaroun, Lebanon - died on 28 October 2004) was from 1975 to 1997 Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Akka in Israel.	Maximos Salloum	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Mexico on December 13, 1894, son of Fernando de Fuentes and Emelina Carrau de Fuentes.	Fernando de Fuentes	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ángel Sauce, (born in Caracas, Venezuela on August 2, 1911; died in Caracas, Venezuela on December 26, 1995), was a Venezuelan composer, violinist and conductor.	Ángel Sauce	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Martin Campbell (born 24 October 1943) is a New Zealand TV and film director, best known for directing Bond movies GoldenEye (1995) and Casino Royale (2006).	Martin Campbell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tammy van Wisse (born 23 July 1968 in Melbourne, Victoria) is a long-distance swimmer from Australia.	Tammy van Wisse	Australia
country of citizenship	Konrad Thaler (born 19 December 1940 in Innsbruck, Austria -- died 11 July 2005) was an Austrian arachnologist.	Konrad Thaler	Austria
country of citizenship	Alexis Panselinos (Greek: Αλέξης Πανσέληνος) (born 1943 in Athens, Greece) is an award winning Greek novelist and translator.	Alexis Panselinos	Greece
country of citizenship	Li Heping (Chinese: 李和平) is a civil rights lawyer in the People's Republic of China and a partner of the Beijing Global Law Firm.	Li Heping	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Pedro Weingärtner (26 July 1853 -- 26 December 1929) was an important Academic painter of Brazil, and the first artist born in Rio Grande do Sul to win international praise for his work.	Pedro Weingärtner	Brazil
country of citizenship	Örjan Blomquist (23 August 1957 in Bromma, Sweden -- 30 July 2000), was a Swedish cross-country skier, specialised at long-distance races during the 1980s.	Örjan Blomquist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Eduardo Cruz-Coke Lassabe (April 22, 1899 -- March 18, 1974) was a Chilean political figure, the conservative candidate in Chile's 1946 presidential election and the principal creator of the Chilean health system.	Eduardo Cruz-Coke	Chile
country of citizenship	Daniele Barioni (born September 6, 1930 in Copparo, Ferrara, Italy) is an Italian opera singer who had a prolific career during the 1950s through the 1970s.	Daniele Barioni	Italy
country of citizenship	Édouard-Louis-Antoine-Charles Juchereau Duchesnay (November 8, 1809 -- September 10, 1886) was a political figure in Canada East and a Conservative member of the Senate of Canada.	Édouard-Louis-Antoine-Charles Juchereau Duchesnay	Canada
country of citizenship	Shoaib Tauheed MBBS, M Phil., MCPS, FCPS (1960--2007) was a professor, medical doctor, researcher and an author from Pakistan.	Shoaib Tauheed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Arndís Þórarinsdóttir (born 1982) is an Icelandic children's author and the president of Iceland's International Board of Books for Young People (IBBY á Íslandi).	Arndís Þórarinsdóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Kharlov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ха́рлов; born March 18, 1958) is a retired hurdler from the Soviet Union, best known for winning the bronze medal at the inaugural 1983 World Championships in the men's 400 m hurdles.	Aleksandr Kharlov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Leading up to the awards, CTV, one of Canada's largest television networks, and MTV Canada, aired a segment with Deesha hosting her own shopping trip for her first ever red carpet with famed jewelry designer Rita Tesolin.	Deesha	Canada
country of citizenship	There were few opportunities for education in Australia during the first ten years of the nineteenth century, and Hamilton Hume received most of his education from his mother.	Hamilton Hume	Australia
country of citizenship	Bragi Ólafsson (born in Reykjavík, Iceland on 11 August 1962) is a musician and a writer.	Bragi Ólafsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Xokonoschtletl Gómora (Nahuatl: (ʃokoˈnost͡ʃt͡ɬet͡ɬ); 17 February 1951, Mexico City) is a Mexican dancer who performs to Pre-Hispanic traditional music, a writer, lecturer, and civic activist.	Xokonoschtletl Gómora	Mexico
country of citizenship	Donald Crawford KC FRSE LLD (1837--1 January 1919) was a Scottish advocate who became a United Kingdom Liberal MP.	Donald Crawford	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Zygfryd Perlicki (born 26 January 1932, in Gdynia) is a sailor from Poland.	Zygfryd Perlicki	Poland
country of citizenship	Daniel Conn starred in series 6 of Geordie Shore where the gang travelled to Australia, he was dating Geordie Shore housemate Vicky Pattison and was known as 'Fit Dan' on the show.	Daniel Conn	Australia
country of citizenship	Lubanah Mshaweh (Arabic: لبانة مشوح‎) (born 1955) is a former minister of culture of Syria.	Lubanah Mshaweh	Syria
country of citizenship	Carina Ricco (born November 27, 1969, Veracruz, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, singer, musician, producer and composer.	Carina Ricco	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rai Bahadur Mohan Singh Oberoi (15 August 1898 -- 3 May 2002) was an Indian hotelier, the founder and chairman of Oberoi Hotels & Resorts, India's second-largest hotel company, with 35 hotels in India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Egypt, Australia and Hungary.	Mohan Singh Oberoi	India
country of citizenship	After the Turkish sultan issued a decree banning Armenian plays in Turkey in 1878, Siranush moved to Tiflis (nowadays Tbilisi) and worked in the local Armenian theater companies.	Siranush	Turkey
country of citizenship	Galila Tamarhan (or Tamruhan) al-Habashiya (Arabic: جليلة تمرهان‎ / ALA-LC: Jalīlah Tamarhān; d. 1863) was a medical practitioner in 19th century Ottoman Egypt.	Galila Tamarhan	Egypt
country of citizenship	Sherry Rich is an Australian alternative country singer-songwriter and guitarist, currently based in Melbourne, Australia.	Sherry Rich	Australia
country of citizenship	Ivi Monteiro (born November 16, 1984 in Rio de Janeiro) is a butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Brazil.	Ivi Monteiro	Brazil
country of citizenship	Patrick Kwateng Acheampong (/əˈtʃæmpɒŋ/; born 25 March 1951) is a barrister and was the Inspector General of Police of the Ghana Police Service (IGP).	Patrick Kwateng Acheampong	Ghana
country of citizenship	Tõnno Lepmets (March 31, 1938 in Tallinn, Estonia -- June 26, 2005) was an Estonian professional basketball player, who competed for the Soviet Union.	Tõnno Lepmets	Estonia
country of citizenship	Claude de Ramezay, (15 June 1659 -- 31 July 1724), was an important figure in the early history of New France.	Claude de Ramezay	France
country of citizenship	Cecil E. Jackson (1872--1956) was the 17th mayor of the city of Windsor, Ontario, Canada who served from 1927 to 1930.	Cecil E. Jackson	Canada
country of citizenship	Sérgio de Camargo (April 8, 1930 -- 1990) was a sculptor and relief maker, born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Sérgio de Camargo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Frank Sherring (August 7, 1914 -- September 23, 2007) was an auto dealer and politician in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.	Frank Sherring	Canada
country of citizenship	Derek Chadwick (born 21 March 1941) is a former Australian sportsman, playing both first class cricket with Western Australia and Australian rules football for East Perth in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL).	Derek Chadwick	Australia
country of citizenship	Lyne Poirier (born June 16, 1968 in Port-Cartier, Quebec) is a retired judoka from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the women's extra-lightweight (-- 48 kg) competition at the 1987 Pan American Games.	Lyne Poirier	Canada
country of citizenship	Ibrahim Al Hasan (Arabic: ابراهيم الحسن‎) (born July 10, 1981 in Syria) is a retired Syrian football player who played lastly currently playing for Al-Nawair in the Syrian Premier League.	Ibrahim Al Hasan	Syria
country of citizenship	Cornelia Sollfrank (born 1960, in Feilershammer, Germany) is an artist who pioneered into the digital realm and Cyberfeminism in the 1990s.	Cornelia Sollfrank	Germany
country of citizenship	Michael Skapinker (born 1955 in South Africa) is a South African journalist and an Associate Editor of the Financial Times and a columnist.	Michael Skapinker	South Africa
country of citizenship	Harsimrat Kaur Badal (born 25 July 1966, née Majithia) is the Union Cabinet Minister of Food Processing in the Government of India and member of parliament from Bathinda.	Harsimrat Kaur Badal	India
country of citizenship	Bruno Hunziker was a citizen of Oberkulm and Aarau and was raised in Möhlin, Switzerland.	Bruno Hunziker	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jeferey Muralt is a paralympic athlete from New Zealand competing mainly in category T53 track events.	Jeferey Muralt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Andrei Sangheli was Prime Minister of Moldova from 1992 until 1997.	Andrei Sangheli	Moldova
country of citizenship	Sirabhorn Sobhon (Thai: ศิราภรณ์โสภณ; rtgs: Siraphonsophon; 19 July 1888 -- 24 May 1898), was the Princess of Siam (later Thailand).	Sirabhorn Sobhon	Siam
country of citizenship	Christof Babatz (born 3 September 1974 in Hanover) is a former professional footballer from Germany.	Christof Babatz	Germany
country of citizenship	Ria Ritchie was born and grew up in Lowestoft, a seaside resort and resort town on the North Sea coast of England and the most easterly point of the United Kingdom.	Ria Ritchie	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Shin Myung-chul (Hangul: 신명철, Hanja: 申命澈; born August 6, 1978 in Masan, South Korea) is a second baseman who plays for the KT Wiz in the Korea Baseball Organization.	Shin Myung-chul	South Korea
country of citizenship	Alemitu Heroye represented Ethiopia at the 2011 World Youth Championships (3000 m), 2012 African Championships (5000 m) and 2012 African Cross Country Championships (junior race), placing in the top five every time but not winning medals.	Alemitu Heroye	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Sue McCauley (born December 1, 1941 in Dannevirke) is a New Zealand novelist, short story writer, playwright, journalist and screenwriter.	Sue McCauley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ferhat Tunç is a Zaza-Kurdish musician from Turkey.	Ferhat Tunç	Turkey
country of citizenship	(Alby) Anand Kurian (13 September 1958, Calcutta, India), is a marketing communications theorist and writer; he has been featured among thirty marketers from around the world.	Anand Kurian	India
country of citizenship	Ryan Runciman (born 22 November 1982) is a New Zealand voice and television actor.	Ryan Runciman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lori Dungey (born 1957) is a New Zealand-based actress and voice actress.	Lori Dungey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ivan Stranski was born in Sofia, the capital of the Principality of Bulgaria, as the third child of Nikola Stranski, pharmacist to the royal court, and his wife Maria Krohn, a Baltic German.	Ivan Stranski	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Ailill mac Nath Í (died c. 482), called Ailill Molt, is included in most lists of the High Kings of Ireland and is also called King of Connacht.	Ailill Molt	Ireland
country of citizenship	Prof. Dr William Selim Hanna (1896--1980), born in Assiut, Egypt وليم سليم حنا, was an Egyptian Minister of Housing.	William Selim Hanna	Egypt
country of citizenship	Bertie Ernest Hawkes Whitcombe (1875--1963) was a notable New Zealand printer, bookseller and publisher.	Bertie Ernest Hawkes Whitcombe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yalil Guerra (born in Havana, Cuba, April 27, 1973) is a Cuban composer and guitarist.	Yalil Guerra	Cuba
country of citizenship	George Tuakura (born 11 October 1975 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a Cook Islands rugby league player who formerly played for the Central Comets in the Queensland Cup.	George Tuakura	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Roy Suryo Notodiprojo (born 18 July 1968 in Yogyakarta, Indonesia), commonly known as Roy Suryo was the Minister of Youth and Sports Affairs of Indonesia who are members of the Second United Indonesia Cabinet.	Roy Suryo	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Its title in Germany was Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo, and in English-speaking countries Christiane F. Much of the movie is shot in the actual surroundings of Gropiusstadt and Bahnhof Zoo.	Christiane F.	Germany
country of citizenship	William Corin (13 October 1867- 2 March 1929) was an English-born electrical engineer, who undertook some of the early design of the Snowy Mountains Hydro-Electricity Scheme in Australia.	William Corin	Australia
country of citizenship	Rafael Abad Anselmo (born in Seville, Spain on December 23, 1981) better known by his stage name Rasel, is a Spanish singer, with various influences including rap, reggae, R&B and dance music.	Rasel	Spain
country of citizenship	Hasan Adan Samatar (Somali: Xasan Aadan Samatar, Arabic: حسن اذن ساماتار‎) (b. May 23, 1953 in Diinsoor, Somalia) is a prominent Somali singer, guitarist and theatrical performer.	Hasan Adan Samatar	Somalia
country of citizenship	In 2005, the Government of Canada announced that a new office building constructed in Charlottetown would be named the Jean Canfield Building.	Jean Canfield	Canada
country of citizenship	José Wellington Bezerra da Costa is a Brazilian Pentecostal Pastor from Assemblies of God Bethlehem Ministry in Brazil.	José Wellington Bezerra da Costa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Carl Jörgen Lindström is a Swedish child actor born May 19, 1951 in Nacka, Sweden.	Jörgen Lindström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kathleen Mansfield Murry (14 October 1888 -- 9 January 1923) was a prominent New Zealand modernist short story writer who was born and brought up in colonial New Zealand and wrote under the pen name of Katherine Mansfield.	Katherine Mansfield	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Katrine Madsen (born 1972 in Aarhus, Denmark) is a Danish jazz singer.	Katrine Madsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Praveen Gurung (Nepali: प्रवीण गुरुङ) (died 6 August 2000) was a folk music singer and music arranger of Nepal.	Praveen Gurung	Nepal
country of citizenship	Philippe Boënnec (born April 21, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Loire-Atlantique department.	Philippe Boënnec	France
country of citizenship	Anand Narayan (born 4 October 1985 in Kerala, India) is a television personality and an upcoming playback singer from India.	Anand Narayan	India
country of citizenship	Vittorio Claudio Surdo is an Italian diplomat and was Ambassador of Italy to Russia, pictured here presenting his credentials to Russian President Vladimir Putin on 25 July 2006.	Vittorio Claudio Surdo	Italy
country of citizenship	Ramon Naval Guico, Jr. (born December 10, 1953 in Binalonan, Pangasinan) is the President of the League of Municipalities of the Philippines (LMP) and the current Mayor of the Binalonan.	Ramon Naval Guico	Philippines
country of citizenship	Walter Duffield (1816 -- 5 November 1882) was a pastoralist and politician in colonial South Australia, Treasurer of South Australia 1865 to 1867.	Walter Duffield	Australia
country of citizenship	René Jacquot (born 28 July 1961 in Toul, France) is a former professional boxer and world title holder.	René Jacquot	France
country of citizenship	Đặng Trần Côn (Vietnamese: 鄧陳琨; born Trần Côn; c.1705-1745) was the author of the Chinh phụ ngâm a masterpiece of chữ Hán literature of Vietnam.	Đặng Trần Côn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Sim Kee Boon (Chinese: 沈基文; pinyin: Shěn Jīwén) was one of Singapore's pioneer civil servants - men who worked closely with the Old Guard political leaders and played a key role in the success of Changi Airport and turned the fortunes of Keppel Shipyard around.	Sim Kee Boon	Singapore
country of citizenship	Suely Guimarães is a paralympic athlete from Brazil competing mainly in category F56 throwing events.	Suely Guimarães	Brazil
country of citizenship	Françoise Madeleine d'Orléans (13 October 1648 -- 14 January 1664) was born a Princess of France and was the Duchess of Savoy as the first wife of Charles Emmanuel II. She was a first cousin of Louis XIV as well of her husband.	Françoise Madeleine d'Orléans	France
country of citizenship	Kemar Thompson (aka Noncowa, aka Jr. Pinchers) (born 10 October 1982, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall artist.	Kemar Thompson	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Lieutenant Colonel Dr. Nurul Absar Mohammad Jahangir (born East Pakistan 13 May 1931, died Comilla, Bangladesh 30 March 1971) was a Bangladeshi nationalist and Pakistani military physician extrajudicially killed in the 1971 Bangladesh War of Independence.	Nurul Absar Mohammad Jahangir	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Samuel Irwin Crookes (1871--26 December 1955) was a New Zealand engineering teacher and consultant, local politician.	Samuel Irwin Crookes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Harri Koskinen is a Finnish designer, born 1970 in Karstula, Finland.	Harri Koskinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Saša Martinović (born September 27, 1984) is a Croatian professional ice hockey player born in Germany (Croatian diaspora).	Saša Martinović	Germany
country of citizenship	Jorge Domecq (born 28 November 1960) is a Spanish diplomat who is the former ambassador of Spain to the Philippines.	Jorge Domecq	Spain
country of citizenship	Žarko Obradović (Serbian Cyrillic: Жарко Обрадовић, pronounced (ʒǎːrko obrǎːdoʋitɕ); born 1960) is a Serbian politician who was Minister of Education in the Government of Serbia from 2008 to 2013.	Žarko Obradović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Jelena Tomašević (pronounced (jɛ̌lɛna tɔmǎːʃɛv̞itɕ); Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Томашевић) (born November 1, 1983 in Negotin, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian pop singer famed for her strong vocal performances.	Jelena Tomašević	Serbia
country of citizenship	Honourable John Dyegh PhD (born 2 December 1962) is a Nigerian politician,businessman and philanthropist from Gboko, Benue State who serves as a member of the 8th National Assembly, representing Gboko/Tarka Federal constituency at the House of Representatives of Nigeria.	John Dyegh	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Although there were only a few historical records about Trần Quốc Toản, he is still widely known as an example of patriotism in Vietnam while he participated and ultimately sacrificed himself for the country at a very young age.	Trần Quốc Toản	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Santhoshi was born to Gopala Krishna Moorthy and television actress Poornima in Chennai, India.	Santhoshi	India
country of citizenship	Bruno Malfacine (born 28th, August 1986 in Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor.	Bruno Malfacine	Brazil
country of citizenship	Fredrik Magnus Cronberg was the Governor of Västerbotten, Sweden from 1717 through 1719 and then the Governor of Uppsala, Sweden from (1719 though 1728).	Fredrik Magnus Cronberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Lee Wing-tat (born 25 December 1955 in Hong Kong) is a Member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo), returned by direct election as representative of the New Territories West constituency.	Lee Wing-tat	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Eduardo Saverin was born in the city of São Paulo, Brazil, to a wealthy Jewish Brazilian family, and his family later moved to Rio de Janeiro.	Eduardo Saverin	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sam Lisone (born 19 February 1994) is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays professionally for the New Zealand Warriors.	Sam Lisone	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Karim Fakhrawi, also known as Abdulkarim Ali Ahmed Fakhrawi, (1962? -- 12 April 2011) was the co-founder of Al-Wasat, considered one of the more popular newspapers in Bahrain by winning numerous awards.	Karim Fakhrawi	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Laatekwei Hammond (born 1 August 1980 in Ghana) is a professional welterweight boxer.	Laatekwei Hammond	Ghana
country of citizenship	Colin Tuaa is a football player turned manager who represented New Zealand as a player.	Colin Tuaa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ali Babacan (Turkish pronunciation: (aˈli babaˈdʒan); born 4 April 1967 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish politician.	Ali Babacan	Turkey
country of citizenship	When Kenna learned about the global water crisis affecting even his home village in Ethiopia, he decided to create the SUMMIT ON THE SUMMIT project, when he and friends Lupe Fiasco, Jessica Biel, Emile Hirsch and others climbed Mt.	Kenna	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	James Thomas Hogan (1 December 1874 -- 1 January 1953) was an Independent Member of Parliament for two electorates in the North Island of New Zealand.	James Thomas Hogan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Born Paweł Klecki in Łódź, Poland, he later adopted the German spelling Paul Kletzki.	Paul Kletzki	Poland
country of citizenship	Yücel Sivri (born 1961 İzmir, Turkey) is a journalist, poet, writer and translator.	Yücel Sivri	Turkey
country of citizenship	Amir Ghafour (Persian: امیر غفور‎, born 6 June 1991 in Kashan) is a volleyball player from Iran, who plays as an opposite for the Men's National Team.	Amir Ghafour	Iran
country of citizenship	TELLO, Piedad, LAME, MANUEL QUINTÍN, in Gran Enciclopedia de Colombia del Círculo de Lectores, tomo de biografías TELLO, Piedad L. ``Vida y lucha de Manuel Quintín Lame''.	Quintín Lame	Colombia
country of citizenship	Ofelia Guilmáin (November 17, 1921 -- January 14, 2005) was an actress of telenovelas, stage and the cinema of Mexico.	Ofelia Guilmáin	Mexico
country of citizenship	Manuel Zorrilla made a lot of individual exhibitions in Argentina on Wildenstein, Witcomb, Peuser, Müller, Perla Marino, El Nauta galleries ; in Brasil, on Ibeu Gallery, Fine Arts Museum of São Paulo ; in France, on Marcel Bernheim Gallery, Theâtre de Fontenay le Fleury.	Manuel Zorrilla	Argentina
country of citizenship	György Buzsáki (born November 24, 1949, Kaposvár, Hungary) is the Biggs Professor of Neuroscience at New York University School of Medicine.	György Buzsáki	Hungary
country of citizenship	Eckart Kehr (21 June 1902 in Brandenburg an der Havel, Brandenburg, Germany -- 29 May 1933 in Washington, D.C.) was a Marxist German historian, one of the first historians to emphasize the importance of social structure and economic interests in influencing political decisions instead of heroic personalities.	Eckart Kehr	Germany
country of citizenship	Lesley Letcher (née McKechnie) (born 25 August 1965) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Lesley Letcher	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Susie Bootja Bootja Napaltjarri (also referred to as Susie Bootja Bootja Napangardi, Napangarti, or Napangati) (c. 1935 -- 16 January 2003) was an Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Susie Bootja Bootja Napaltjarri	Australia
country of citizenship	Zineb El Rhazoui is a Morocco-born French journalist.	Zineb El Rhazoui	Morocco
country of citizenship	Dahiru Awaisu Kuta (16 April 1949-- 11 June 2014) was elected Senator for the Niger East constituency of Niger State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2007.	Dahiru Awaisu Kuta	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jan Mohammad Khan (died July 17, 2011) was a politician in Afghanistan, who served as Governor of Oruzgan Province from January 2002 to March 2006, member of the National Assembly, and a special adviser to President Hamid Karzai.	Jan Mohammad Khan	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Hagigat Rzayeva was born in a small village near Lankaran (southeastern Azerbaijan).	Hagigat Rzayeva	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Vaman Malhar Joshi (Devanagari: वामन मल्हार जोशी) (January 21, 1882 -- July 20, 1943) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Vaman Malhar Joshi	India
country of citizenship	Shrimati Neelam Sonkar (born 11 February 1973 ) is politician from Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Neelam Sonkar	India
country of citizenship	Bruno Olbrycht (nom de guerre: Olza; 6 October 1895 -- 23 March 1951) was a soldier of the Austro-Hungarian Army and officer (later general) of the Polish Army both in the Second Polish Republic and postwar Poland.	Bruno Olbrycht	Poland
country of citizenship	Arturo Char Chaljub (born 5 November 1967) is a former Senator of Colombia.	Arturo Char Chaljub	Colombia
country of citizenship	Rodolfo Abularach (b. January 7, 1933 in Guatemala City, Guatemala) is a Guatemalan painter and printmaker of Palestinian descent.	Rodolfo Abularach	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Petteri Lehtinen (born December 11, 1973 in Espoo, Finland) is a retired medley swimmer from Finland.	Petteri Lehtinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Paul Curteanu (born 27 July 1983 in Craiova, Romania), is a Romanian football player, currently under contract with FC Drobeta.	Paul Curteanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Nils Henriksson (or Niels Henrikssøn, circa 1455--1523) was a Norwegian knight, landowner, National Counselor and Lord High Steward of Norway who married Ingerd Ottesdatter (fru Inger til Austrått).	Nils Henriksson	Norway
country of citizenship	Ioannis Kalargaris (Greek: Ιωαννης Καλαργαρης; born 6 June 1990 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek swimmer specializing in freestyle.	Ioannis Kalargaris	Greece
country of citizenship	Veit Kempe (born 27 October 1960 in Dresden, Sachsen, East Germany/GDR) was a German pair skater.	Veit Kempe	East Germany
country of citizenship	Ryan Jack has represented Scotland at Under-16, Under-17, Under-19 and Under-21 level.	Ryan Jack	Scotland
country of citizenship	John Chapman Andrew (9 March 1822 -- 7 December 1907) was a 19th-century Church of England priest, Oxford don, educationist, pastoralist and Member of Parliament in New Zealand.	John Chapman Andrew	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Foss Shanahan (10 June 1910 -- 13 September 1964) was a New Zealand diplomat and public servant.	Foss Shanahan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jacqueline Meirelles (Cuiabá, MT, 15 April 1963) is a Brazilian model, former television host, and Miss Brazil Universe 1987 titleholder.	Jacqueline Meirelles	Brazil
country of citizenship	Maria Michelina Diaz de Rivera Cruz (born July 13, 1985) commonly known as Lia Cruz is a Filipina television host, magazine columnist, endorser and sportscaster in the Philippines.	Lia Cruz	Philippines
country of citizenship	Salijon Abdurahmanov (born 28 May 1950 in Nukus, Uzbekistan) is an Uzbek journalist who contributed to Radio Free Europe, Voice of America and uznews.net.	Salijon Abdurahmanov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Viktors Arājs (13 January 1910 -- 13 January 1988) was a Latvian collaborator and Nazi SS officer, who took part in the Holocaust during the German occupation of Latvia and Belarus (then called White Russia or White Ruthenia) as the leader of the Arājs Kommando.	Viktors Arājs	Latvia
country of citizenship	Louk Sanders (born 9 May 1950 in Oegstgeest, Zuid-Holland) is a retired professional tennis player from the Netherlands.	Louk Sanders	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Friedrich Gustav Jaeger (25 September 1895 -- 21 August 1944) was a resistance fighter in Nazi Germany and a member of the July 20 Plot.	Friedrich Gustav Jaeger	Germany
country of citizenship	Nasser bin Ali al-Ansi was a senior leader of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) based in Yemen.	Nasser bin Ali al-Ansi	Yemen
country of citizenship	Nigel Keay moved to France in 1998 (he acquired French citizenship in 2000) and lives now in Paris where he continues to work as a freelance composer and violist.	Nigel Keay	France
country of citizenship	Bolette Sutermeister Petri (born October 23, 1920 in Kriens, Switzerland) is a Danish-Swiss writer (travel literature), considered as ``expert for the High North''.	Bolette Sutermeister Petri	Switzerland
country of citizenship	His fundraising group, also called ``Can Man Dan'', works to alleviate poverty and strengthen communities in Alberta, Canada by working with several non profit groups and charities.	Can Man Dan	Canada
country of citizenship	Swapan Saha (Bengali: স্বপন সাহা) (born 10 January 1930 in Ajmer, Rajasthan, India) is a noted Indian film director.	Swapan Saha	India
country of citizenship	Princess Tinkerbell Cristina Marjorie Pedere Snell, better known simply as Princess Snell later Nathalie Hart (born April 14, 1992 in San Pedro, Laguna, Philippines), is a half-British, Filipina actress and was one of the finalists in the fifth season of StarStruck	Nathalie Hart	Philippines
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos de Lima (born 1962 in Florida, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer who has played at club level in Uruguay, Brazil, Chile and Ecuador.	Juan Carlos de Lima	Uruguay
country of citizenship	With a string of hits that charted from the late seventies to the late 90's, Jimmy Katumba played a definitive role in changing the shape of popular music in Uganda that earned him a place among the country's leading music artists.	Jimmy Katumba	Uganda
country of citizenship	Dr. Domenico Giani (born 16 August 1962 in Arezzo, Italy), ex officier of Guardia di Finanza, is the current Inspector General of the Corpo della Gendarmeria, the police and security force of Vatican City, and the chief bodyguard of Pope Benedict XVI and of Pope Francis.	Domenico Giani	Italy
country of citizenship	Bambara blues (1992) Bamako (1994) Ségou (1996) Duga (1999) Mali Blue (2004) The Lobi Traoré Group (2005) Barra Coura (2005) Bwati Kono (2010) Rainy Season Blues (2010)	Lobi Traoré	Mali
country of citizenship	Héctor Medina, better known by his literary pen name as Emeterio Cerro (Balcarce, Argentina; December 3, 1952 -- Buenos Aires, Argentina; December 12, 1996) was an Argentine poet, playwright and short fiction writer.	Emeterio Cerro	Argentina
country of citizenship	Anthony Olanrewaju Awotoye, better known as Tony Tetuila, is an Afro hip hop artist from Nigeria.	Tony Tetuila	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Teddy Cruz (born 1962 in Guatemala City, Guatemala) is an American architect, urbanist, and Professor in Public Culture and Urbanism in the Visual Arts Department at the University of California, San Diego.	Teddy Cruz	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Kalasuri Arisen Ahubudu (Sinhala:කලාසූරි අරිසෙන් අහුබුදු) (1920--2011) was a writer, orator, scholar, playwright, teacher (Guru), Sinhala lyricist, author and poet in Sri Lanka, born in Mudiyallagahawatta in Malalaga, Koggala.	Arisen Ahubudu	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Jiro Wang was born August 24, 1981, in Taiwan.	Jiro Wang	Taiwan
country of citizenship	In 2000, in a millennium issue, India Today named her among ``100 People Who Shaped India'', noting, ``Durga Khote marks the pioneering phase for woman in Indian Cinema'' as she was one of the first women from respectable families to enter the film industry, thus breaking a social taboo.	Durga Khote	India
country of citizenship	Nelly Carolina Tejera (born on October 14, 1976 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan model and actress.	Carolina Tejera	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Zihni Abaz Kanina (18 January 1885, in Kanina, Ottoman Empire -- 1959, in Tirana, Albania) was a prominent Albanian diplomat and politician.	Zihni Abaz Kanina	Albania
country of citizenship	Robert Miles was born to Italian immigrants Antonietta Lauro and Albino Concina in Fleurier, Switzerland.	Robert Miles	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Anant Mahadevan, also credited as Ananth Narayan Mahadevan, is a screenwriter, actor, and director of Hindi and Marathi films and television serials in India.	Anant Mahadevan	India
country of citizenship	Laxmi Narayan Mehta, MLA, is a member of the current Bihar Legislative Assembly from Bihar, India.	Laxmi Narayan Mehta	India
country of citizenship	Mzonke Fana (born 29 October 1973 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a professional boxer in the junior lightweight (130 lb) division.	Mzonke Fana	South Africa
country of citizenship	Sumaiya Siddiqi (born 30 November 1988) is an international cricketer from Pakistan.	Sumaiya Siddiqi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Luisa María Cuculiza Torre (born 9 March 1942 in Ambo, Peru) is a Peruvian fujimorist politician and a Congresswoman representing the city of Lima since 2006.	Luisa María Cuculiza	Peru
country of citizenship	Stanisław Ostrowski (29 October 1892 -- 22 November 1982) was a Polish politician, best known for serving as the last polish Mayor of Lwow and third President of Poland in exile.	Stanisław Ostrowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Ines Müller, née Reichenbach (born January 2, 1959 in Grimma, Muldentalkreis, Saxony), is a German track and field athlete who represented East Germany in the shot put during the 1980s.	Ines Müller	East Germany
country of citizenship	Amir Syamsuddin (born in Makassar on 27 May 1941) is the current Minister of Justice and Human Rights of Indonesia.	Amir Syamsuddin	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Trygve Retvik (born July 15, 1944 in Lier, Norway) is an artist specialised in drawing, painting and printmaking.	Trygve Retvik	Norway
country of citizenship	Ja'afar Tuqan also designed the Royal Automobile Museum in Amman Jordan, as well as the Central Bank of Jordan building.	Ja'afar Tuqan	Jordan
country of citizenship	Putu Oka Sukanta (born 29 July 1939 in Singaraja, Bali, Indonesia) is one of the Indonesia's literary figures.	Putu Oka Sukanta	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Palina Pivavarava (Belarusian: Паліна Піваварава; born 12 October 1994) is a track cyclist from Belarus.	Palina Pivavarava	Belarus
country of citizenship	Gilbert Diendéré (French pronunciation: ​(ʒil.bɛʁ djɛn.de.ʁe); born c. 1960) is a Burkinabé military officer and the Chairman of the National Council for Democracy, the military junta that briefly seized power in Burkina Faso in the September 2015 coup d'état.	Gilbert Diendéré	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Germán Santa María Barragán (born 24 January 1950) is the current Ambassador of Colombia to Portugal.	Germán Santa María Barragán	Colombia
country of citizenship	Meir Pa'il (Hebrew: מאיר פעיל‎‎; 19 June 1926 -- 15 September 2015) was a colonel in the Israel Defense Forces, an Israeli politician, and military historian.	Meir Pa'il	Israel
country of citizenship	Yvon Duhamel (born October 17, 1939 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a French-Canadian professional motorcycle racer and father of former AMA Superbike road racer Miguel Duhamel.	Yvon Duhamel	Canada
country of citizenship	Davika Hoorne (Thai: ดาวิกา โฮร์เน่, born May 16, 1992), nicknamed Mai (Thai: ใหม่), is a Thailand actress and model.	Davika Hoorne	Thailand
country of citizenship	Miguel Nazar Haro (c. 1924 -- 26 January 2012) was the head of Mexico's Dirección Federal de Seguridad (Federal Security Directorate) from 1978 to 1982.	Miguel Nazar Haro	Mexico
country of citizenship	Đặng Nhật Minh (b. Huế, Vietnam, 1938) is one of Vietnam's foremost film directors.	Đặng Nhật Minh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Fabiana Bravo was born in Guaymallén Department, outside Mendoza, Argentina, to a family of modest means.	Fabiana Bravo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kenneth Ekornes (born 7 July 1974 in Sykkylven, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (percussion) and member of the 'Brazz Brothers', known from a number of recordings, as well as for his multiethnic musical expression and his creative use of electronics.	Kenneth Ekornes	Norway
country of citizenship	Ledina Çelo (born 9 February 1977 in Tirana, Albania) is an Albanian singer and model.	Ledina Çelo	Albania
country of citizenship	Aleksandrs Obižajevs (born 16 September 1959) is a retired pole vaulter who represented the USSR and later Latvia.	Aleksandrs Obižajevs	Latvia
country of citizenship	In 2008, Mike Candys became widely known in Switzerland with the song ``La Serenissima''.	Mike Candys	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Calvin Kang Li Loong (Chinese: 江利龙; pinyin: Jiāng Lì Lóng); (born April 16, 1990) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Singapore.	Calvin Kang Li Loong	Singapore
country of citizenship	Huang Xianzhong (Chinese: 黄献中, born 1947) is a retired general in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of the People's Republic of China, and the former political commissar of the PLA Shenyang Military Region.	Huang Xianzhong	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Richard Orlinski is a French artist born in Paris (France) in 1966.	Richard Orlinski	France
country of citizenship	Evelin Jahl, née Schlaak (born 28 March 1956 in Annaberg-Buchholz, Saxony, East Germany) is a German former discus thrower, who won two Olympic gold medals as an athlete representing East Germany.	Evelin Jahl	East Germany
country of citizenship	Cristian Franco (born October 11, 1985 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan Association football Defender currently playing for Los Andes of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina.	Cristian Franco	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Walther Benser (October 23, 1912 -- April 21, 2002) was a photographer, photo journalist and merchant from Germany.	Walther Benser	Germany
country of citizenship	Magaza Masanchi (1886--1937; Cyrillic Dungan: Магәзы Масанчын) or Magaza Masanchin (Cyrillic Dungan: Магәзы Масанчын) was a Dungan Communist revolutionary commander and Statesman in the Soviet Union.	Magaza Masanchi	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Lars Vogt (born 8 September 1970, in Düren, West Germany) is a German concert pianist and conductor.	Lars Vogt	Germany
country of citizenship	Cármelo de los Santos (born 1977) is a violinist from Porto Alegre, RS, Brazil.	Cármelo de los Santos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Lusine Tovmasyan (Armenian: Լուսինե Թովմասյան; born July 25, 1986) is an Armenian beauty pageant contestant who won the title of Miss Armenia 2003.	Lusine Tovmasyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Alberto Mercado (born January 2, 1961 in Cayey, Puerto Rico) was a Jr. Featherweight boxer who was on the verge of fighting for a world title at least twice in his career.	Alberto Mercado	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Henrik Plau (born June 15, 1988) is a Norwegian actor and voice over-artist born in Oslo, Norway.	Henrik Plau	Norway
country of citizenship	Ediz Hun (born 20 November 1940 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish film actor and politician.	Ediz Hun	Turkey
country of citizenship	Meng Nan (Chinese: 孟楠; pinyin: Meng Nan) is a Chinese singer-songwriter based in Guangzhou, People's Republic of China.	Meng Nan	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Ketil Gutvik (born 4 July 1972 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (guitar) known on the Oslo's jazz scene since 1992.	Ketil Gutvik	Norway
country of citizenship	Anusree Roy (born 1982 in Kolkata, India) is an Indo-Canadian award winning playwright, actress and librettist.	Anusree Roy	India
country of citizenship	Hans Conrad Leipelt (18 July 1921 -- 29 January 1945) was a member of the White Rose resistance group in Nazi Germany.	Hans Conrad Leipelt	Germany
country of citizenship	Nahum Olin, Sr. (born August 16, 1957) is a Mexican race car driver and team owner from Mexico City.	Nahum Olin	Mexico
country of citizenship	Charity Zisengwe (pronounced as Zee-SANK-way) was born and raised in Mutoko, Zimbabwe and grew up in a Christian home where both parents were leaders in the United Methodist Church.	Charity Zisengwe	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Beauty Sharma Barua (Assamese: বিউটি শর্মা বৰুৱা, born on June 18, 1951) is a singer from Assam, India.	Beauty Sharma Barua	India
country of citizenship	Triinu Kivilaan (born January 13, 1989 in Viljandi, Estonia) is an Estonian vocalist and former model, best known as a former member of the popular girl group Vanilla Ninja.	Triinu Kivilaan	Estonia
country of citizenship	Ramprakash Mehra was the President of Board of Control for Cricket in India in 1975/76 and 1976/77, joint secretary between 1960/61 and 1962/63 and Vice President from 1963/64 to 1974/75.	Ramprakash Mehra	India
country of citizenship	Amy Fabé Dia Longo (born 14 February 1977 in Creil, France) is a French-Italian sprint athlete who specializes in the 200 metres.	Fabé Dia	France
country of citizenship	Reichenbach was born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil to Luise (née Tinger) Reichenbach and to Carlos Reichenbach.	Carlos Reichenbach	Brazil
country of citizenship	Major General (RTD) Abdullahi Mohammed was Governor of Benue-Plateau State, Nigeria from July 1975 to February 1976 during the military regime of General Murtala Mohammed.	Abdullahi Mohammed	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Costas Elia(Greek: Kώστας Ηλία) born 9 June 1976 in Famagusta, Cyprus is a Cypriot football striker who plays for Anagennisi Dherynia and has played for the national team of Cyprus.	Costas Elia	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Brendon Groenewald (born 27 May 1991 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with KwaZulu-Natal club side Durban Collegians.	Brendon Groenewald	South Africa
country of citizenship	Takumi Kobe (神戸 拓光, born February 23, 1985 in Ushiku, Ibaraki) is a Japanese former professional baseball outfielder who p;ayed from 2008 to 2013 with the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Takumi Kobe	Japan
country of citizenship	Pierre Delval (born May 30, 1960 in Verdun, France) is a French criminologist and forensic scientist, specialized in counterfeiting and counterfeit-crime.	Pierre Delval	France
country of citizenship	Major General Sir Keith Lindsay Stewart KBE, CB, DSO (30 December 1896 -- 13 November 1972) was a professional soldier in the New Zealand Military Forces.	Keith Lindsay Stewart	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shaul Foguel was born in 1931 in Israel to one of the founding families of the City of Tel Aviv and his mother Dora Malkin is a direct descendant of Saul Wahl.	Shaul Foguel	Israel
country of citizenship	Sam Wills (born 28 August 1978), is a New Zealand prop-comic residing in London.	Sam Wills	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Antonio Enrique Lussón Batlle (born 1930), Cuban, born in Santiago de Cuba.	Antonio Enrique Lussón Batlle	Cuba
country of citizenship	P. Govinda Pillai (23 May 1926 -- 22 November 2012) was a veteran Communist Party of India (Marxist) leader and ideologue from Kerala, India, and former Chief Editor of Deshabhimani.	P. Govinda Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Fumitaro Ohama, born in 1971, is a Japanese internet entrepreneur, founded Japan's first mega mobile site,``girlswaler.com''.	Fumitaro Ohama	Japan
country of citizenship	Today Sophie Bennett works as a director and producer in Canada.	Sophie Bennett	Canada
country of citizenship	Simon Bikindi (born 28 September 1954) is a Rwandan singer-songwriter who was formerly very popular in Rwanda.	Simon Bikindi	Rwanda
country of citizenship	Ibrahim Abouleish (born 1937 in Egypt) began his chemistry and medicine studies at the age of 19 in Austria.	Ibrahim Abouleish	Egypt
country of citizenship	Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck (Dzongkha: འཇིགས་མེད་གེ་སར་རྣམ་རྒྱལ་དབང་ཕྱུག་, born 21 February 1980) is the fifth and current reigning Druk Gyalpo or ``Dragon King'' of the Kingdom of Bhutan.	Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck	Bhutan
country of citizenship	Fabrice Henry (born February 13, 1968 in Argenteuil, Val-d'Oise) is a French former football midfielder who played for various clubs in France, Spain and Scotland throughout the 1980s and 1990s.	Fabrice Henry	France
country of citizenship	Paul Dupuis (August 11, 1913 -- January 23, 1976) was a French Canadian film actor who was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada and performed in British films during the late 1940s.	Paul Dupuis	Canada
country of citizenship	Mikhail Alexandrovich was born on the 23 of July 1914,in the village of Bērzpils, Vitebsk Governorate (now part of Balvi Municipality, Latvia), in the family of Jewish peasants.	Mikhail Alexandrovich	Latvia
country of citizenship	Aldon Lewis Lenard (born northern Italy January 6, 1921, died Kingston, Ontario, Canada February 23, 2007) was an athlete, university professor, athletics administrator, coach, and referee.	Aldon Lewis Lenard	Canada
country of citizenship	Lazee was born in Malmö, Sweden, to parents of Ghanaian origin.	Lazee	Sweden
country of citizenship	Oleg Denishchik (Belarusian: Алег Дзянішчык; born 10 November 1969) is a retired triple jumper who represented the USSR and later Belarus.	Oleg Denishchik	Belarus
country of citizenship	Ana Pešikan (Serbian: Ана Пешикан; born Feketić, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician who served as Minister of Science and Technology in the Government of Serbia.	Ana Pešikan	Serbia
country of citizenship	Juma Ikangaa (born July 19, 1957 in Dodoma) is a marathon runner from Tanzania, a sentimental favorite in Boston after finishing second three years in a row at the Boston Marathon from 1988-1990.	Juma Ikangaa	Tanzania
country of citizenship	María Ángeles Ferrer Forés is a Spanish music education pedagogue and musicologist, awarded the Premio Acción Magistral (Master Action Prize) 2010 by UNESCO, as best professor of Spain.	María Ángeles Ferrer Forés	Spain
country of citizenship	Nelson Pedetti (born February 7, 1954 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer currently played for clubs of Chile (Cobreloa, Cobresal and Deportes Iquique).	Nelson Pedetti	Uruguay
country of citizenship	James Mitchell Mutter (April 8, 1845 -- May 31, 1920) was a Scottish-born soldier, farmer and political figure in British Columbia, Canada.	James Mitchell Mutter	Canada
country of citizenship	Francesc Cambó was born in Verges in the comarca of Baix Empordà, Catalonia, Spain.	Francesc Cambó	Spain
country of citizenship	Richard Kruse (born 30 July 1983 in London, United Kingdom) is a British fencer who specialises in the foil discipline.	Richard Kruse	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Adriano Neves Pereira (born 24 May 1979 in Capão da Canoa, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil), commonly known as Adriano Chuva, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Atlético Sorocaba, primarily as a striker.	Adriano Chuva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Peter Heszler's PhD is from the University of Szeged, Hungary (1988).	Peter Heszler	Hungary
country of citizenship	Chad Gibson (born Sydney, Australia, 19 June 1976) is a Creative Director and Sports Photographer, founder of football publication LOCALFC and Creative Publishing Agency, Not Our Field, lending his professional sports experience to his creative work.	Chad Gibson	Australia
country of citizenship	Dr. Alban was born as Alban Uzoma Nwapa into a middle-class family of 10 children in Oguta, Imo state, Nigeria.	Dr. Alban	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Janina Wirth (later surname: Weiß, born in 1966) is a former competitive figure skater for East Germany.	Janina Wirth	East Germany
country of citizenship	Maciej Zembaty was born May 16, 1944 in Wadowice in southern Poland.	Maciej Zembaty	Poland
country of citizenship	Denis Delestrac (born in France, 1968) is an award-winning film director.	Denis Delestrac	France
country of citizenship	Reza Beyk Imanverdi (Persian: رضا بیک ایمانوردی‎‎, Born 15 June 1936, Tehran Iran - Died 13 September 2003 Arizona, USA and buried in Los Gatos, California) was an Iranian actor and director.	Reza Beyk Imanverdi	Iran
country of citizenship	Maher al-Assad (Arabic: ماهر الأسد‎, born 8 December 1967) is a Syrian general and commander of the Republican Guard and the army's elite Fourth Armored Division, which together with Syria's secret police form the core of the country's security forces.	Maher al-Assad	Syria
country of citizenship	Ria Hall is a New Zealand recording artist and presenter on Maori TV's AIA Marae DIY in 2012-13.	Ria Hall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Frederick C. Colborne (November 14, 1916 -- April 19, 2006) D.F.C., of Calgary, Alberta, Canada, was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in 1944 and served until 1971.	Frederick C. Colborne	Canada
country of citizenship	Kristin Krohn Devold (born 12 August 1961 in Ålesund) is a former Minister of Defence of Norway.	Kristin Krohn Devold	Norway
country of citizenship	Waluyo Hartono (born September 30, 1983 in Banyumas, Central Java) is an Indonesian footballer, currently plays for Deltras in the Indonesia Super League as a Defender.	Waluyo	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Lajos Drahos (7 March 1895 - 2 June 1983) was a Hungarian Communist politician, who served as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1949 and 1951.	Lajos Drahos	Hungary
country of citizenship	Born in Saanen in Switzerland, Andreas Matti lives in the municipality of Zürich.	Andreas Matti	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Kattingeri Krishna Hebbar (1911--1996) better known as K.K. Hebbar was a celebrated artist known for his India themed artworks.	Kattingeri Krishna Hebbar	India
country of citizenship	Tore Elias Hoel (born 14 December 1953 in Harstad, Norway) is a Norwegian poet, author and children's author.	Tore Elias Hoel	Norway
country of citizenship	László Göncz (born 13 April 1960) is a Hungarian historian and politician in Slovenia.	László Göncz	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Adrián Campos Suñer (born in Alcira, Valencia, 17 June 1960) is a retired Formula One driver from Spain.	Adrián Campos	Spain
country of citizenship	Christopher Perle (born December 17, 1974 in Mauritius) is a football player who is currently a Free Agent.	Christopher Perle	Mauritius
country of citizenship	Enrique Krauze Kleinbort (b. September 16, 1947 in Mexico City), widely known as Enrique Krauze, is a Mexican right-wing public intellectual, historian, essayist, critic, producer, and publisher.	Enrique Krauze	Mexico
country of citizenship	Neba Solo (born 1969) is the stage name of Souleymane Traoré, a musician based in Mali, West Africa.	Neba Solo	Mali
country of citizenship	Ichirō Kōno (Japanese: 河野一郎) (June 2, 1898 - 1965) was President of the Japan Association of Athletics Federations (1965).	Ichirō Kōno	Japan
country of citizenship	Verner Dalskov (born January 1, 1932) was born in the town of Allested-Vejle, Denmark.	Verner Dalskov	Denmark
country of citizenship	Masashi Kudo (工藤 政志, born August 24, 1951 in Akita, Japan) is a former professional boxer.	Masashi Kudo	Japan
country of citizenship	Chintamani Tryambak Khanolkar (C. T. Khanolkar) (Devanagari: चिंतामणी त्र्यंबक खानोलकर) (8 March 1930 -- 26 April 1976) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Chintamani Tryambak Khanolkar	India
country of citizenship	Torben Boye never got to represent the Denmark national football team, but he was very close.	Torben Boye	Denmark
country of citizenship	Asda Jayanama (Thai: อัษฎา ชัยนาม; rtgs: Atsada Chaiyanam) is a former career diplomat of the Kingdom of Thailand.	Asda Jayanama	Thailand
country of citizenship	Zhang Juanjuan (simplified Chinese: 张娟娟; traditional Chinese: 張娟娟; pinyin: Zhāng Juānjuān; born January 2, 1981 in Qingdao, Shandong, People's Republic of China) is an archer from the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Juanjuan	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Marc Trauner (born April 7, 1969) better known by his numerous aliases including Marc Acardipane, Mescalinum United, The Mover, Pilldriver, Marshall Masters and Resident E, is a Frankfurt, Germany based DJ and producer.	Marc Trauner	Germany
country of citizenship	Anastasiya Usova (Rus: Анастасия Усова) (born 28 December 1988 in Aktobe, Kazakh, Soviet Union (present Kazakhstan)) is a Kazakhstani singer who rose to popularity after placing second in SuperStar KZ 3, the Kazakh version of Pop Idol.	Anastasiya Usova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Jeffrey Lopez, born 1957 in Singapore is a Singaporean fencing coach.	Jeffrey Lopez	Singapore
country of citizenship	Gary Sutton (born 27 March 1955) is Cycling Australia's head Women's Track Endurance cycling coach and a former professional racing cyclist.	Gary Sutton	Australia
country of citizenship	Dom Santamaria (born 5 December 1979, Melbourne, Australia) is the drummer from the Ballarat-based band Epicure.	Dom Santamaria	Australia
country of citizenship	Yoon Jeong-hee (Hangul: 윤정희; born on July 30, 1944 in Gwangju, South Korea) is a South Korean actress active since 1967.	Yoon Jeong-hee	South Korea
country of citizenship	Günther Schumacher (born 27 June 1949) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer born in East Germany, who was a professional rider from 1977 to 1984.	Günther Schumacher	Germany
country of citizenship	José Miguel Noguera Morrone (April 3, 1913 - October 29, 1954) was a football player in Argentina, during the golden age of Argentine football; he played on football teams in Mexico and the United States.	José Miguel Noguera	Argentina
country of citizenship	Orono Wor Petchpun (Thai: โอโรโน่ ว.เพชรพูล, born August 22, 1978) is a Thai super featherweight kickboxer and bantamweight mixed martial artist fighting out of Wor Petchpun Gym in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.	Orono Wor Petchpun	Thailand
country of citizenship	Anna Maria Lenngren is known as the most famed poets in the history of Sweden.	Anna Maria Lenngren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Hayden Kho, Jr. (born May 20, 1980, in Manila, Philippines), is a Chinese-Filipino celebrity cosmetic doctor, businessman, actor and model based in Manila, Philippines.	Hayden Kho	Philippines
country of citizenship	Jørgen Kieler (born 23 August 1919), a Danish physician, is remembered primarily for his participation in resistance activities under the German occupation of Denmark in the early 1940s.	Jørgen Kieler	Denmark
country of citizenship	Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina to Basque immigrants in 1879, Rogelio Yrurtia enrolled in the local Society for the Promotion of Fine Arts in 1899.	Rogelio Yrurtia	Argentina
country of citizenship	After that she competed for Denmark as Imre Rietveld Nielsen or Imre Nielsen, winning the Belgian International and Denmark Open in 1969, as well as a silver medal at the 1970 European Badminton Championships.	Imre Rietveld	Denmark
country of citizenship	Olga Chernysheva (born 1962 in Moscow, Russia) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Moscow.	Olga Chernysheva	Russia
country of citizenship	Giichi Nomura (野村義一, October 20, 1914 -- December 28, 2008) was an advocate and activist for the Ainu people of Japan.	Giichi Nomura	Japan
country of citizenship	Aurora Miranda had a successful career in Brazil and the US, perhaps overshadowed by that of her sister, Carmen Miranda.	Aurora Miranda	Brazil
country of citizenship	Tony McWalter (born 20 March 1945 in Worksop) is a politician in the United Kingdom.	Tony McWalter	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Major General Sir George Spafford Richardson, KBE, CB, CMG (1868--1938) was a New Zealand military leader and administrator.	George Spafford Richardson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tierno Bokar was born in Segou, Mali, in 1875 and moved to the village of Bandiagara in 1893.	Tierno Bokar	Mali
country of citizenship	Hayley Holt (born 3 July 1981, Auckland) is a New Zealand snowboarder and ballroom dancer notable for her appearances on several reality television series.	Hayley Holt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Egemen Bağış (born 23 April 1970) is a Turkish politician, member of the Turkish parliament since November 2002, and the former minister for EU Affairs and chief negotiator of Turkey in accession talks with the European Union.	Egemen Bağış	Turkey
country of citizenship	Christian Vidal (born April 26, 1972 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentinian guitarist, member of the symphonic metal band Therion.	Christian Vidal	Argentina
country of citizenship	Oliver Petrucciani (born September 6, 1969 in Losone) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Switzerland.	Oliver Petrucciani	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Nebmaatre is the prenomen of a poorly attested ruler of the late Second Intermediate Period of Ancient Egypt.	Nebmaatre	Ancient Egypt
country of citizenship	Mikey Havoc (born c.1970), also known colloquially as Havo (real name Michael Roberts) is a New Zealand media personality.	Mikey Havoc	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Wilson Asinobi Ake (born 21 September 1955) is a former member of the Senate of Nigeria who represented the Rivers West senatorial district from 2007 to 2015.	Wilson Asinobi Ake	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Nancy Jo Cullen is a Canadian poet and short story writer, who won the 2010 Dayne Ogilvie Prize from the Writers' Trust of Canada for an emerging lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender writer.	Nancy Jo Cullen	Canada
country of citizenship	Ivan Susloparov was born in the village of Krutikhintsy, in what is today Kumyonsky District of Kirov Oblast in northeastern European Russia.	Ivan Susloparov	Russia
country of citizenship	Zorsines was a 1st-century King (rex Siracorum) of the Siraces mentioned in Tacitus' Annals of the Roman Empire (XII.15-19) around 50 AD, a people he reports as residing somewhere between the Caucasus mountains and the Don river.	Zorsines	Siraces
country of citizenship	Tomasz Brożyna (born 19 September 1970 in Bieliny, Poland) is a former professional road racing cyclist.	Tomasz Brożyna	Poland
country of citizenship	Marc Boegner was the nephew and disciple of the Lutheran pastor Tommy Fallot, who founded Social Christianity in France.	Marc Boegner	France
country of citizenship	Josias Tayler (1787 -- January 12, 1844) was a merchant, judge and political figure in Upper Canada.	Josias Tayler	Canada
country of citizenship	Chief Sekhonyana Nehemia Maseribane (4 May 1918 -- 3 November 1986) served as Prime Minister of Basutoland (now Lesotho) from 6 May 1965 to 7 July 1965.	Sekhonyana Nehemia Maseribane	Lesotho
country of citizenship	Zsófia Kónya (born February 6, 1995 in Szeged, Hungary) is a Hungarian short track speed skater, member of the national team.	Zsófia Kónya	Hungary
country of citizenship	Sampat Pal Devi is an Indian social activist from Bundelkhand region of Uttar Pradesh, North India.	Sampat Pal Devi	India
country of citizenship	Àngel Llàcer (born on January 16, 1974 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish actor, television presenter and drama teacher.	Àngel Llàcer	Spain
country of citizenship	Pip Simmonds is a New Zealand freestyle skier.	Pip Simmonds	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Angelina Jordan Astar (born 10 January 2006), also known as Angelina, is a Norwegian singer who won the 2014 season of Norway´s Got Talent, singing classic jazz pieces, including ``Gloomy Sunday'' and ``Fly Me to the Moon''.	Angelina Jordan	Norway
country of citizenship	Gino De Keersmaeker is an athlete and Paralympian from Belgium competing mainly in category F42 discus throw events.	Gino De Keersmaeker	Belgium
country of citizenship	Juan Manuel Galán Pachón (born 29 July 1972) is a Colombian politician, currently serving as Senator of Colombia since 2006.	Juan Manuel Galán Pachón	Colombia
country of citizenship	Dionisio Pérez-Jácome Friscione (born in Mexico City, Mexico).	Dionisio Pérez-Jácome Friscione	Mexico
country of citizenship	General Choe Pu-il (also known as Choi Bu-il; born 1944) is the current head of North Korea's Ministry of People's Security.	Choe Pu-il	North Korea
country of citizenship	Manuel Pascali (born 9 September 1981 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Italian Lega Pro side Cittadella.	Manuel Pascali	Italy
country of citizenship	Born in Paris, France, David Manga's father was born in the Central African Republic and his mother is from Cameroon.	David Manga	France
country of citizenship	Brian Risberg Clausen, better known as Bryan Rice (born 29 May 1978 in Roskilde, Denmark), is a Danish pop singer and songwriter.	Bryan Rice	Denmark
country of citizenship	Myra Maimoh (born December 6, 1982 in Cameroon) is an afro-soul singer from Cameroon.	Myra Maimoh	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Dag Rune Olsen (born 12 February 1962 in Røros) is a Norwegian cancer researcher, professor of biomedical physics at the University of Bergen, and the current rector of the University of Bergen, Norway.	Dag Rune Olsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Douglas Kahn (born 1951) is Professor of Media and Innovation at the National Institute for Experimental Arts (NIEA) at the University of New South Wales, Australia and a fellow with the Australian Research Council.	Douglas Kahn	Australia
country of citizenship	Parikshit Sahni (born 1944 in Murree, British India, now in Pakistan) is an Indian film and television actor, who is most known for playing the lead in TV series Barrister Vinod, Gul Gulshan Gulfaam (Doordarshan) and Gaatha (STAR Plus).	Parikshit Sahni	India
country of citizenship	Francisco Usón is a former Venezuelan general who was arrested on May 22, 2004 on charges of slandering the armed forces of Venezuela.	Francisco Usón	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Stephen Yarwood was the Lord Mayor of the City of Adelaide in South Australia from 2009-2014.	Stephen Yarwood	Australia
country of citizenship	Guillaume Poncelet (born 1978) is a French musician, composer, trumpet and piano player, born in Grenoble, France.	Guillaume Poncelet	France
country of citizenship	Helen Ukpabio is the founder and head of African Evangelical franchise Liberty Foundation Gospel Ministries based in Calabar, Cross River State, Nigeria.	Helen Ukpabio	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Levon Manaseryan was born in the city Vagharshapat, Armenia.	Levon Manaseryan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Henri Bellechose (fl. 1415; died before 28 January 1445) was a painter from the South Netherlands.	Henri Bellechose	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Fray Domingo de Santo Tomás, O.P. (1499 -- 28 February 1570) was a Spanish Dominican missionary and grammarian in the Viceroyalty of Peru.	Domingo de Santo Tomás	Peru
country of citizenship	Herma Meijer (born 16 April 1969) is a retired speed skater from the Netherlands who was active between 1987 and 1993.	Herma Meijer	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Kwesi Ahoomey-Zunu is a Togolese politician who was Prime Minister of Togo from July 2012 to June 2015.	Kwesi Ahoomey-Zunu	Togo
country of citizenship	Christian Stumpf (born December 24, 1966 in Linz) is a retired Austria international footballer and a coach who is currently a manager with SPG LASK Linz II/Schwanenstadt.	Christian Stumpf	Austria
country of citizenship	Rao Inderjit Singh (born 11 February 1951) is an Indian politician who is a Minister of State in the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and a member of the 16th Lok Sabha, the lower house of the parliament of India.	Rao Inderjit Singh	India
country of citizenship	Billy Stockman Tjapaltjarri, (born c. 1927, at Ilpitirri near Mount Denison, died September, 2015) was one of Australia's best-known artists of the Western Desert Art Movement, Papunya Tula.	Billy Stockman Tjapaltjarri	Australia
country of citizenship	Dr. Daulatrao Aher is a member of the 13th Lok Sabha of India.	Daulatrao Aher	India
country of citizenship	Carlo Caproli or Caprioli (before 1620 -- after 1675?), also called Carlo del Violino, was an Italian violinist, organist, and a leading composer of cantatas in mid-17th-century Italy.	Carlo Caproli	Italy
country of citizenship	Massimo Corvo (July 9, 1959) is an Italian actor and voice actor from Rome, Italy.	Massimo Corvo	Italy
country of citizenship	Carlo Bo (25 January 1911 -- 21 July 2001) was a poet, literary critic, a professor and Life senator of Italy (from 1984).	Carlo Bo	Italy
country of citizenship	Robin Sellick (born 1967) is an Australian portrait photographer, widely regarded as ``Australia's leading celebrity photographer''.	Robin Sellick	Australia
country of citizenship	Simple Gogoi (Assamese: চিম্পল গগৈ, born 1 August 1976) is a director from Assam, India.	Simple Gogoi	India
country of citizenship	Maria Sveland (born 1974) is an author and journalist from Sweden, best known for the 2007 book Bitterfittan (a Swedish compound noun and could be translated as either Bittercunt or The Bitter Cunt or less literally Bitterbitch or The Bitter Bitch).	Maria Sveland	Sweden
country of citizenship	Martin K. Weiche (January 6, 1921 -- September 2, 2011) was a neo-Nazi political figure in Canada.	Martin K. Weiche	Canada
country of citizenship	Jane Turner (born 1 December 1960, Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian actress, comedian and Logie Award winning comedy writer.	Jane Turner	Australia
country of citizenship	Billy TK (Billy Te Kahika) is a Māori guitarist, born in Palmerston North, New Zealand.	Billy TK	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sertan Saltan is a US-based Turkish artist whose work was acclaimed by international media after his winning of the BP Young Artist Award in 2011 He was born in Eskişehir, Turkey on 17 September 1982.	Sertan Saltan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Montri Vaenpradab (Thai: มนตรี แหวนประดับ, born August 18, 1987) is a member of the Thailand men's national volleyball team.	Montri Vaenpradab	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sturla Sighvatsson (1199 -- 21 August 1238) was an Icelandic chieftain or goði of the Sturlungar family clan who played an active role in the armed conflicts in Iceland during the Age of the Sturlungs (Icelandic: Sturlungaöld).	Sturla Sighvatsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Johan Vibe (also Wibe) (16 April 1637 -- 20 February 1710) was a Danish military officer and engineer, who was appointed Governor-General of Norway by the Danish crown from 10 April 1708 until his death.	Johan Vibe	Norway
country of citizenship	Arie Vardi graduated from the Rubin Academy of Tel Aviv University, Israel, and obtained the soloist diploma from at Musik Akademie - Basel, Switzerland.	Arie Vardi	Israel
country of citizenship	Béla Illés (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbeːlɒ ˈilːeːʃ); born 27 April 1968 in Sárvár, Hungary) is a retired Hungarian football player who has spent most of his career playing for MTK Hungária FC.	Béla Illés	Hungary
country of citizenship	Gavin McLean (born 13 April 1965) is a French-born New Zealand fencer.	Gavin McLean	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Luca Bassanese (born 18 December 1975, Vicenza, Italy) is an Italian singer, songwriter, actor, writer and musician, very practicing in social issues.	Luca Bassanese	Italy
country of citizenship	Miguel Angueira is an acrobatic rock'n'roll dancer from France, multiple world champion.	Miguel Angueira	France
country of citizenship	Victor Olaotan (born 1952, Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian veteran actor and lead character of the popular Soap opera, Tinsel.	Victor Olaotan	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Luca Capecchi (born 4 August 1974 in Imola, Italy) is an Italian footballer, currently playing for Fondi Calcio.	Luca Capecchi	Italy
country of citizenship	Guillermo de Cun (February 10, 1929 in Havana, Cuba -- September 9, 2009 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) was an actor, writer, director, and producer for radio and television.	Guillermo de Cun	Cuba
country of citizenship	Bruce Logan (born 1938) is a New Zealand conservative Christian who has been involved in opposition to liberal social policies within his country for over two decades.	Bruce Logan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Daniel Fehlow (born 21 February 1975 in Berlin, Germany) is a German actor and dubbing.	Daniel Fehlow	Germany
country of citizenship	Tupua Tamasese Tupuola Tufuga Efi, also known as Tuiatua Tupua Tamasese Efi, and formerly known as Tupuola Efi, (born 1 March 1938) is a Samoan political figure who became Samoa's head of state in 2007.	Tufuga Efi	Samoa
country of citizenship	Jan Robbe (born 14 June 1980 in Ghent, Belgium), otherwise known by his music project aliases Atomhead, Erratic, and UndaCova, is an electronic music artist.	Jan Robbe	Belgium
country of citizenship	In the 1960s, Soviet dissidents frequently declared that the rights the government of the Soviet Union denied them were universal rights, possessed by everyone regardless of race, religion and nationality.	Soviet dissidents	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Shri C. Ramachandra Rao, born in 1931 in Peddapuram, a Municipal town in the East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh, India is a Telugu Short Story writer, tennis player and South Indian Plantationer.	C. Ramachandra Rao	India
country of citizenship	Jacques Adrien Masreliez (Grenoble 15 May 1717 - 28 October 1806) was a French ornamental sculptor called to Sweden in 1748 to head the interior decoration of the new Royal Palace in Stockholm.	Adrien Masreliez	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sami Hinkka, born 27 April 1978 in Finland, is a heavy metal bass player, presently with Ensiferum.	Sami Hinkka	Finland
country of citizenship	Mohammad Arif Noorzai (born 1959) was a former minister of Border and Tribe Affairs for Afghanistan.	Mohammad Arif Noorzai	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Jintara Poonlarp (Thai: จินตหรา พูนลาภ, rtgs: Chintara Phunlap, b. March 12, 1971, in Kaset Wisai District, Roi Et Province, Thailand) is a Thai mor lam, luk thung and pop music singer.	Jintara Poonlarp	Thailand
country of citizenship	Cristina Rivera Garza (born October 1, 1964) is a Mexican author and professor best known for her fictional work, with various novels such as Nadie me verá llorar winning a number of Mexico's highest literary awards as well as awards abroad.	Cristina Rivera Garza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nicholas Straussler (in Hungarian: Straussler Miklós) (1891--1966) was an engineer mainly remembered for devising the flotation system used by Allied amphibious DD tanks during World War II. Born in Hungary, he developed a reputation as an innovative automotive engineer before becoming a British citizen during the interwar period.	Nicholas Straussler	Hungary
country of citizenship	August Eigruber (16 April 1907 -- 28 May 1947) was an Austrian-born Nazi Gauleiter of Reichsgau Oberdonau (Upper Danube) and Landeshauptmann of Upper Austria, later hanged by the Allies.	August Eigruber	Austria
country of citizenship	Shashikumar is an actor and politician from Karnataka, India.	Shashikumar	India
country of citizenship	Gamze Özçelik (born August 26, 1982 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish actress, model and TV hostess.	Gamze Özçelik	Turkey
country of citizenship	John Henni was born in the village of Misanenga, municipality of Obersaxen, in the canton of Graubünden, in Switzerland.	John Henni	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Reginald Newton Biggs (16 June 1831--10 November 1868) was a New Zealand station manager, soldier and magistrate.	Reginald Newton Biggs	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Daya Bai (originally Mercy Mathew) is a social activist from Kerala working for the upliftment of tribals in central India.	Daya Bai	India
country of citizenship	Patrick Durack (March 1834 -- 20 January 1893) was a pastoral pioneer in Western Australia.	Patrick Durack	Australia
country of citizenship	Dalibor Šamšal (born December 25, 1985) is an alpine skier from Croatia who currently represents Hungary.	Dalibor Šamšal	Croatia
country of citizenship	Sergio Aguayo Quezada (b. September 10, 1947, in La Rivera, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican academic and human rights activist.	Sergio Aguayo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Haryono Suyono (Born in Pacitan, East Java, Indonesia) has served as head of the Indonesian National Family Planning Coordination Body (BKKBN) for 26 years.	Haryono Suyono	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Pedro Claro Meurice Estiu (February 23, 1932 in San Luis, Santiago de Cuba -- July 21, 2011 in Miami, Florida USA) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santiago de Cuba, Cuba.	Pedro Claro Meurice Estiu	Cuba
country of citizenship	Lakpa Gelu (Nepali: ल्हाक्पा घेलु) (born June 23, 1967), often spelled Lhakpa, is a Nepalese Sherpa climber from Jubing - 1, KhariKhola, Solukhumbu, Nepal.	Lakpa Gelu	Nepal
country of citizenship	Henri de Talleyrand-Périgord, comte de Chalais (1599--1626) was a favorite of Louis XIII of France.	Henri de Talleyrand-Périgord, comte de Chalais	France
country of citizenship	Larry Kirwan (born in Wexford, Ireland) is an expatriate Irish writer and musician, most noted as the lead singer for the New York-based Irish rock band, Black 47.	Larry Kirwan	Ireland
country of citizenship	Friedrich Wilhelm Christian Sturm (1810/11 -- 23 May 1896) was a notable New Zealand naturalist, interpreter and nursery owner.	Friedrich Wilhelm Christian Sturm	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nessa Morgan is a New Zealand born, Australian R&B singer and song writer based in Sydney, Australia.	Nessa Morgan	Australia
country of citizenship	Pamposh Bhat (born 19 September, Bhopal, India) is a New Delhi-based environmentalist and award winning writer.	Pamposh Bhat	India
country of citizenship	Boris Vildé (25 June Old Style/8 July 1908 - 23 February 1942) was a linguist and ethnographer at the Musée de l'Homme, in Paris, France.	Boris Vildé	France
country of citizenship	Veerasingham Dhuruvasangary B.Sc, M.Sc., M. Phil (5 September 1950 - 2 December 2006) was a scientist and inventor born in Point Pedro, Sri Lanka.	Veerasingham Dhuruvasangary	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Mohammad Faghiri (Persian: محمد فقیری‎, born January 14, 1985, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler.	Mohammad Faghiri	Iran
country of citizenship	Nico Helminger (born 1953) is a Luxembourg author who has written poetry, novels, plays and libretti for operas.	Nico Helminger	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Frick was born in the Palatinate municipality of Alsenz, then part of the Kingdom of Bavaria, Germany, the last of four children of Protestant teacher Wilhelm Frick sen. (d. 1918) and his wife Henriette (née Schmidt).	Wilhelm Frick	Germany
country of citizenship	Alfred Lemmnitz (27 June 1905 -- 23 September 1994) was East Germany's National Education Minister.	Alfred Lemmnitz	East Germany
country of citizenship	Shahid Javed Burki (Urdu: شاہد جاوید برکی) is a professional economist who has served as a Vice-President of the World Bank and as de facto Finance Minister of Pakistan on a caretaker basis.	Shahid Javed Burki	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Amir Ali Majid is a legal scholar and author born in Gojra, Punjab, Pakistan.	Amir Ali Majid	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Hygerta Sako was Miss Albania in 1995 and represented Albania at Miss Europe 1996 where she placed among the semifinalists.	Hygerta Sako	Albania
country of citizenship	Alhaj Shamim Uddin (born 17 March 1931) is a senior politician of Pakistan.	Alhaj Shamim Uddin	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Narsi Raniga (born 1943) is a Fiji Indian who has held senior civil service posts in Fiji and has also been a member of the House of Representatives of Fiji.	Narsi Raniga	Fiji
country of citizenship	Raymond Lakah, (born c. 1960 as Rami Lakah) (رامي لكح), is a French-Egyptian, Greek Catholic Christian magnate, and former owner of the French newspaper France Soir.	Raymond Lakah	France
country of citizenship	Late Shri Akbar Ali Khondkar was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the Twelfth Lok Sabha & Thirteenth Lok Sabha of India.	Akbar Ali Khondkar	India
country of citizenship	Herbert Olivecrona was born July 11, 1891 in Visby, Sweden, the son of Axel Olivecrona, a district court judge, and Countess Ebba Cristina Mörner af Morlanda.	Herbert Olivecrona	Sweden
country of citizenship	Alfonso Vegara Gómez (1955 in Alicante-Spain) is an Urban Architect with a Ph D on City and Regional Planning at University of Navarra.	Alfonso Vegara	Spain
country of citizenship	Haqqi al-Azm (Arabic: حقي العظم‎ / ALA-LC: Ḥaqī al-``Aẓm) (born Damascus 1864, died 1955) was a Syrian politician. He was active in the Ottoman government, and later served as the first prime minister in republican Syria.	Haqqi al-Azm	Syria
country of citizenship	Jonas Kullhammar (September 2, 1978) is a Swedish jazz composer, saxophonist and is one of Sweden's most established jazz musicians.	Jonas Kullhammar	Sweden
country of citizenship	Chris Slane (born 1957) is a left wing New Zealand cartoonist.	Chris Slane	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jim Geovedi (born 28 June 1979), is an IT security expert from Indonesia who focuses on the discovery of computer and network security vulnerabilities with a special focus on telecommunication and satellite systems.	Jim Geovedi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Pierre Polinière (8 September 1671, Coulonces, France -- 9 February 1734, Coulonces, France) was an early investigator of electricity and electrical phenomena, notably ``barometric light'', a form of gas-discharge light, which suggested the possibility of electric lighting.	Pierre Polinière	France
country of citizenship	Teuvo Loman (born 17 July 1962 in Espoo, Finland) is a Finnish hairdresser, model, fashion designer and singer living in Helsinki.	Teuvo Loman	Finland
country of citizenship	Cathy Odgers is a New Zealand-born, Hong Kong-based former blogger and lawyer who is best known for running a smear campaign against the head of the New Zealand Serious Fraud Office.	Cathy Odgers	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Janusz Kaleta (born on October 11, 1964 in Łazy, Poland) is a Polish Roman Catholic bishop of Karaganda, apostolic administrator of Atyrau, Kazakhstan, and Doctor of Moral Theology and Bioethics, graduated from the Faculty of Theology in Innsbruck.	Janusz Kaleta	Poland
country of citizenship	Sebastián Nilo Carretero (born February 27, 1986, in (Trenque Lauquen (Buenos Aires), Argentina)) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Unión La Calera of the Primera División in Chile.	Nilo Carretero	Argentina
country of citizenship	Matshipi Marcia Letsoalo (born 11 April 1984), is a South Africa cricketer.	Marcia Letsoalo	South Africa
country of citizenship	Zhou Yuelong (Chinese: 周躍龍, born 1998 in Chengdu) is a professional snooker player from the People's Republic of China.	Zhou Yuelong	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Grant Lingard (1961--1995) was a New Zealand born artist who, although a painting graduate, focused on minimalist sculptural installations.	Grant Lingard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr. Syed Mahmud was an Indian politician and senior leader in the Indian National Congress during the Indian independence movement and in post-independence India.	Syed Mahmud	India
country of citizenship	Silvia Muñoz Escudé (born September 18, 1979 in Terrassa, Catalonia) is a field hockey midfield and forward player from Spain.	Silvia Muñoz	Spain
country of citizenship	Jean-Luc Ruty (born July 5, 1959 in Arbois, France) is a football former defender and manager.	Jean-Luc Ruty	France
country of citizenship	Joaquim Moutinho da Silva Santos (born 14 December 1951 in Porto) is a former Portuguese rally driver, who won the Rally de Portugal in 1986, a round of the World Rally Championship.	Joaquim Moutinho	Portugal
country of citizenship	Johan Creten (born 1963) is a Flemish sculptor, born in Sint-Truiden, Belgium.	Johan Creten	Belgium
country of citizenship	Raymond Shane Dye (born 26 September 1966 , in the township of Matamata New Zealand) is a jockey.	Shane Dye	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Son Heung-min (Hangul: 손흥민 (sʰon hɯŋmin); born 8 July 1992) is a South Korean footballer who plays for English club Tottenham Hotspur and the South Korea national team.	Son Heung-min	South Korea
country of citizenship	Felipe Francisco Molina y Bedoya was a diplomat from Costa Rica, born in the city of Guatemala.	Felipe Francisco Molina y Bedoya	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Robert Clarke Shearman (1825--1910) was a notable New Zealand policeman and farmer.	Robert Clarke Shearman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Cesare Calense (active c. 1590) was a native of the province of Lecce in the kingdom of Naples, Italy.	Cesare Calense	Italy
country of citizenship	Kate Liu (born on May 23, 1994 in Singapore) is a Chinese-American classical pianist.	Kate Liu	Singapore
country of citizenship	Ajit Shetty is an Indian-Belgian businessman, who was born in Nellore, India, on 20 May 1946.	Ajit Shetty	India
country of citizenship	Vasily Rainchik (Василий Раинчик) is a Belarusian musician and composer and also a professor at the Belarus University of Culture, Minsk, Belarus.	Vasily Rainchik	Belarus
country of citizenship	Herbert Nachbar was a member of the Deutscher Schriftstellerverband and the P.E.N.-Zentrals of East Germany.	Herbert Nachbar	East Germany
country of citizenship	Orlando Silvestri (born October 20, 1972 in Lille, France) is a professional footballer from R. Francs Borains.	Orlando Silvestri	France
country of citizenship	Murat Niyazov (18 April 1967- ) is the son of the late President of Turkmenistan Saparmurat Niyazov and his wife Muza Sokolova.	Murat Niyazov	Turkmenistan
country of citizenship	Originally he worked in France as the masked L'Ange Blanc and would later work under the names ``El Angel Blanco'' and ``the White Angel'' after being unmasked.	L'Ange Blanc	France
country of citizenship	Andrea Rau (born October 31, 1947 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a German actress and producer who has appeared in several German films as well as appearing in the television series Derrick.	Andrea Rau	Germany
country of citizenship	Ebrahim Golestan (Taghavi Shirazi) (also spelt Ibrahim Golestan, Persian: ابراهیم گلستان‎‎), (born October 19, 1922 in Shiraz, Iran) is an Iranian filmmaker and literary figure with a career spanning half a century.	Ebrahim Golestan	Iran
country of citizenship	Theodore Arthur Burrows (August 15, 1857 -- January 18, 1929) was a politician and office-holder in Manitoba, Canada.	Theodore Arthur Burrows	Canada
country of citizenship	Toma Zdravkov (Bulgarian: Тома Здравков) (born on 24 May 1987 in Pazardzhik, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian singer, most known by winning Music Idol, the Bulgarian version of the British hit show Pop Idol.	Toma Zdravkov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	G Mackay (born in Sydney, Australia) was a rugby league footballer who played in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.	G Mackay	Australia
country of citizenship	Hugo Assmann (22 July 1933 in Venâncio Aires, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil -- February 22, 2008 in Piracicaba, São Paulo (state), Brazil) was a Brazilian Catholic theologian who developed important work after II Vatican Council.	Hugo Assmann	Brazil
country of citizenship	Gola Gong was born in Purwakarta, West Java, Indonesia from mother named Atisah and father named Harris.	Gola Gong	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Santiago Abreú (died 10 August 1837) was governor of Santa Fe de Nuevo México (New Mexico) from 1832 to 1833.	Santiago Abreú	Mexico
country of citizenship	Peter Coudrin or Pierre Coudrin of France was the founder of the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, a religious institute of the Roman Catholic Church famous for its missionary work in Hawaii.	Peter Coudrin	France
country of citizenship	Haifa Zangana (born 1950 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi novelist, author, artist, and political activist, best known for writing Women on a Journey:	Haifa Zangana	Iraq
country of citizenship	Marguerite of Lorraine (22 July 1615 -- 13 April 1672), Duchess of Orléans, was the wife of Gaston, younger brother of Louis XIII of France.	Marguerite of Lorraine	France
country of citizenship	Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair عبد العزيز الغرير(born 12 November 1954) of the United Arab Emirates, is the Chief Executive Officer of the publicly traded Mashreq Bank, and billionaire.	Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair	United Arab Emirates
country of citizenship	Anton Ræder was born in Christiania, now Oslo, Norway.	Anton Ræder	Norway
country of citizenship	Rein Otsason (24 May 1931, Tartu, Estonia -- 30 October 2004, Tallinn, Estonia) was an Estonian banker.	Rein Otsason	Estonia
country of citizenship	Nicole Faraday was born in Germany on Wednesday, 28 July 1976 to British parents.	Nicole Faraday	Germany
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Barthlott studied biology at the University of Heidelberg, Germany.	Wilhelm Barthlott	Germany
country of citizenship	Paulami Sengupta is the editor of four magazines in India; ``Sananda'', The most popular bengali magazine Anandamela the 35 years old popular children's magazine published in Bengali from Kolkata, India;	Paulami Sengupta	India
country of citizenship	Stevan Ognenovski, MSc (Macedonian: Стеван Огненовски) born 9 September 1948 in Brusnik Village, Bitola in the Republic of Macedonia.	Stevan Ognenovski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Luciano Cipriani (born March 8, 1981 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Estudiantes de Buenos Aires) of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina.	Luciano Cipriani	Argentina
country of citizenship	Yousef Saanei (Persian: يوسف صانعى) (born 1937) is an Iranian Twelver Shi'a cleric and politician, a chairman of the Islamic Republic of Iran's powerful Guardian Council from 1980-83.	Yousef Saanei	Iran
country of citizenship	Raimon was born in Xàtiva in the province of Valencia, Spain on December 2, 1940, at el carrer Blanc (White Street), which he references in some songs.	Raimon	Spain
country of citizenship	Ali Olanusi (born February 28, 1942) is a Nigerian politician and deputy governor of Ondo State, Nigeria.	Ali Olanusi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Roman Bürki played for Switzerland U-21 on the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.	Roman Bürki	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Natalya Meshcheryakova (Russian: Наталья Мещерякова); born 1 June 1972, is a former freestyle swimmer from Russia.	Natalya Meshcheryakova	Russia
country of citizenship	William Murdoch Buchanan (born November 30, 1897 in North Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada-died September 5, 1966) was a Canadian politician and dentist.	William Murdoch Buchanan	Canada
country of citizenship	Miguel Ángel Capriles Ayala (28 February 1915, Puerto Cabello - 25 April 1996) was the head of Venezuela's Cadena Capriles media group.	Miguel Ángel Capriles Ayala	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Johan Pérez (born 10 June 1983 in Venezuela) is a Venezuelan professional boxer.	Johan Pérez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	James Crabb Verco (1814 -- 2 February 1891) was an early settler in the colony of South Australia, builder, businessman and parliamentarian.	James Crabb Verco	Australia
country of citizenship	Sam Snyders (also known as ``Sammy Snyders''), is a former television and film child actor from Canada.	Sam Snyders	Canada
country of citizenship	Peter Sauber (born 13 October 1943 in Zurich, Switzerland) is the retired team principal and owner of various motorsports teams, most visibly the eponymous Sauber Formula One team.	Peter Sauber	Switzerland
country of citizenship	'Emperor Zhaozong of Tang (March 31, 867 -- September 22, 904), né Li Jie (李傑), name later changed to Li Min (李敏), yet later name changed to Li Ye (李曄), was the penultimate emperor of the Tang Dynasty of China.	Emperor Zhaozong of Tang	China
country of citizenship	Bernardo Padrón is a saxophonist-composer who was born in Caracas, Venezuela.	Bernardo Padrón	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Max Kohn has been a freelance artist working in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and France since 1981.	Max Kohn	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Mohsen Mehralizadeh (محسن مهرعلیزاده; born September 30, 1956) was a Vice President of Iran and the head of the National Sports Organization of Iran under President Khatami.	Mohsen Mehralizadeh	Iran
country of citizenship	Chris Berens was born in 1976 in Oss, Netherlands, near the historic town of 's-Hertogenbosch, the birthplace of Hieronymous Bosch, a factor that would feature in his artistic development.	Chris Berens	Netherlands
country of citizenship	William Tchamba (born June 11, 1984 in Lille, France) is a French sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.	William Tchamba	France
country of citizenship	Yasin Merchant, born 17 December 1966 is India's first professional snooker player.	Yasin Merchant	India
country of citizenship	Yayo Aguila (born Maria Rosario Aguila on September 16, 1967 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipina actress whose career began through the cult film series Bagets.	Yayo Aguila	Philippines
country of citizenship	Dona Cadman (born July 9, 1950) is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Surrey North in the House of Commons of Canada from 2008 to 2011, as well as the widow of Chuck Cadman, a former Member of Parliament for the same district.	Dona Cadman	Canada
country of citizenship	Adelmo Paris (born 1954 in Cambiasca, Italy) was a professional footballer and Italian football coach.	Adelmo Paris	Italy
country of citizenship	Romulus Cioflec (April 1, 1882, Araci -- November 13, 1955) was a writer, journalist and activist from Romania.	Romulus Cioflec	Romania
country of citizenship	Charles Kondi Agba (born 26 August 1948) is a Togolese politician who served in the government of Togo from 1999 to 2008.	Charles Kondi Agba	Togo
country of citizenship	Tormod Granheim (born September 17, 1974, in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian adventurer and motivational speaker involved in expeditions and extreme skiing.	Tormod Granheim	Norway
country of citizenship	Harish Raghavendra (born 7 January 1976) is an Indian vocalist and actor from Chennai, India.	Harish Raghavendra	India
country of citizenship	His debut studio album, Mashasha, which wasreleased by Elegwa Music in 2011, was acclaimed by critics internationally and won a Zimbabwe Music and Arts (ZIMAA) award for Best Album.	Mashasha	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Simion Bughici (b. Simon David, December 14, 1914 -- February 1, 1997) was a Romanian communist politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania.	Simion Bughici	Romania
country of citizenship	Filippo Buonaccorsi was born in San Gimignano, in Tuscany, in north-central Italy.	Filippo Buonaccorsi	Italy
country of citizenship	Ken Mair is a New Zealand political activist and politician.	Ken Mair	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Abdulali bey Amirjanov Shirali bey oglu (Azerbaijani: Əbdüləli bəy Əmircanov Şirəli bəy oğlu; 1870--1948) was an Azerbaijani statesman who served as Minister of Finance, State Controller of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and was member of Azerbaijani National Council and later Parliament of Azerbaijan.	Abdulali bey Amirjanov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	George Riashi (Qaa el Reem, near Zahlé, Lebanon on November 25, 1933 -- October 28, 2012) was the Greek Melkite Catholic bishop of Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Tripoli and all North Lebanon.	George Riashi	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Jakob Edvard Colbjørnsen (November 19, 1744 - February 13, 1802) was chief justice of the Supreme Court (Da. Højesteret, Nor. Høyesterett) of Denmark-Norway in the capital of Copenhagen.	Jakob Edvard Colbjørnsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Pol Albrecht (1874--1975) was a Luxembourg composer, conductor and bandmaster.	Pol Albrecht	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Sándor Kónya-Hamar (born September 5, 1948 in Lunca Mureşului, Alba County) is an ethnic Hungarian politician in Romania and Member of the European Parliament.	Sándor Kónya-Hamar	Romania
country of citizenship	Shina Rambo (born c. 1963) is a former bandit who terrorised South-West Nigeria in the 1990s.	Shina Rambo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Keerti Nagpure is an Indian television actress, She appeared as Sidhi Malik in the show Parichay, she was rated high as one of the top 10 young mothers on Indian television by The Times of India on 2012.	Keerti Nagpure	India
country of citizenship	Jessie Mackay (1864 in Rakaia Gorge -- 23 August 1938, in Christchurch) was a New Zealand poet.	Jessie Mackay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bhalchandra Vaman Kelkar (Marathi: भालचंद्र वामन केळकर) (September 23, 1920 -- November 6, 1987) was a Marathi writer and actor, from Maharashtra, India.	Bhalchandra Vaman Kelkar	India
country of citizenship	In the first half of the 1990s decade, in addition to V&R Planning, Tohjiro also directed for several other early AV studios including VIP, Cosmos Plan, Alice Japan, Max-A and Kuki.	Tohjiro	Japan
country of citizenship	Ross Hay is a New Zealand rugby union player currently playing for the Heartland Championship team North Otago.	Ross Hay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alessandro Bovo (born January 1, 1969 in Genoa) is a retired water polo defense player from Italy, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics: 1992 and 1996.	Alessandro Bovo	Italy
country of citizenship	Niels Jensen (born 7 June 1939 in Copenhagen) is a sailor from Denmark.	Niels Jensen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Jacob van Huysum (c.1687 -- 1740) was an 18th-century botanical painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Jacob van Huysum	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dr. Doyin Okupe was the Senior Special Assistant on Public Affairs to President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria.	Doyin Okupe	Nigeria
country of citizenship	K-rupt's hit singles in Kenya included ``Changamshwa'', ``Tukawake'' and ``Chacha''.	K-rupt	Kenya
country of citizenship	Angelina Beloff (born Angelina Petrovna Belova; Russian: Ангелина Петровна Белова; June 23, 1879 -- December 30, 1969) was a Russian-born artist who did most of her work in Mexico.	Angelina Beloff	Mexico
country of citizenship	Hélio Quaglia Barbosa (November 25, 1941 -- February 1, 2008) was a Brazilian who served on the country's Superior Court of Justice, which is Brazil's highest appellate court for non-constitutional issues.	Hélio Quaglia Barbosa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Eugénie-Emilie Juliette Folville was born in Liege, Belgium, and began the study of music with her father who was a lawyer and amateur musician.	Eugénie-Emilie Juliette Folville	Belgium
country of citizenship	Diogo Dória (born 16 April 1953) is a Portuguese film actor who has worked in France and Portugal and is most associated with his films for director Manoel de Oliveira.	Diogo Dória	Portugal
country of citizenship	Abdikarim Egeh Gulaid is Minister for Finance in the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, and former Minister of State for Public Works & Housing.	Abdikarim Egeh Gulaid	Somalia
country of citizenship	Ingeborg Rapoport (born 2 September 1912) is a German physician and former communist functionary of East Germany.	Ingeborg Rapoport	East Germany
country of citizenship	Dalpatram Dahyabhai Travadi (Gujarati: દલપતરામ) (1820--1898) was a Gujarati language poet during 19th century in India.	Dalpatram	India
country of citizenship	N. C. Sen Gupta was the eleventh Governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 19 May 1975 to 19 August 1975.	N. C. Sen Gupta	India
country of citizenship	Ange Diawara (1941 -- April 1973) was a politician and military figure from the Republic of the Congo.	Ange Diawara	Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Bernd Martin (born 10 February 1955, in Stuttgart, West Germany) is a retired footballer.	Bernd Martin	Germany
country of citizenship	Bengt Robert Mathiasson, born 26 February 1979, is the current chairman of Kommunistiska Partiet of Sweden.	Robert Mathiasson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Tēvita ʻUnga (c. 1824 -- 18 December 1879) was the first Crown Prince and Prime Minister of Tonga.	Tēvita ʻUnga	Tonga
country of citizenship	George Gillis Haanen (1807 -- 1879), was a 19th-century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands.	George Gillis Haanen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Joachim Baldauf (* 20 July 1965 in Weiler, Germany) is a German photographer and publisher.	Joachim Baldauf	Germany
country of citizenship	Fowzieh Khalili (born 10 October 1958 in Madras) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who has represented India at the international level and Tamil Nadu at the domestic league level.	Fowzieh Khalili	India
country of citizenship	Henry Ah Kew (22 September 1900--19 January 1966) was a New Zealand lawyer and community leader.	Henry Ah Kew	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peggy Pryde born 19 July 1867, (Baptised as Letitia Matilda on 14 May 1876 in Lambeth London England) -- 17 May 1943 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) (Baptised as Letitia Matilda on 14 May 1876) was a British music hall performer of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Peggy Pryde	Australia
country of citizenship	Anand Chandrasekaran is an Indian business executive who is currently the Chief Product Officer of Snapdeal, one of India's pre-eminent Internet companies.	Anand Chandrasekaran	India
country of citizenship	Kulthida Yenprasert (Thai: กุลธิดา เย็นประเสริฐ), nicknamed Neng (Thai: เหน่ง) is a flight attendant for Thai Airways International and Miss Thailand Universe 2000 titleholder.	Kulthida Yenprasert	Thailand
country of citizenship	He is also known as Oliveira (Chinese: 奧利華拉) in Hong Kong and just Fábio Noronha inside Brazil.	Fábio Noronha	Brazil
country of citizenship	Masanori Sugiura (杉浦 正則, born May 23, 1968) is a retired Japanese Olympic baseball player from Kudoyama, Wakayama, Japan.	Masanori Sugiura	Japan
country of citizenship	Paolo Rotondo was born in Napoli, Italy from a proud Neapolitan father and a Kiwi (New Zealand) mother.	Paolo Rotondo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lisa Ono was born in São Paulo, Brazil, in 1962 but moved with her family to Tokyo at the age of 10.	Lisa Ono	Brazil
country of citizenship	Dr. Sekou Benna Camara (born May 25, 1960) is the presidential candidate and leader of U.F.A.G. (Union des Forces d'Avenir de Guinee/ Union of Forces for the Future of Guinea.)	Sekou Benna Camara	Guinea
country of citizenship	Klemens Rudnicki (28 March 1897 - 12 June 1992) was a General of the Polish Army, who fought in World War One, Polish-Soviet War and the Invasion of Poland.	Klemens Rudnicki	Poland
country of citizenship	Len Silver (born 2 February 1932, east London, United Kingdom) is a former speedway rider and is currently promoter of the Rye House Rockets.	Len Silver	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Born February 8, 1996 in Atlanta, Isadora Williams was raised in the suburbs of Washington, DC. She has Brazilian citizenship through her mother, who is from Belo Horizonte in Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Isadora Williams	Brazil
country of citizenship	In Maclean's magazine, Ron MacLean of Hockey Night in Canada listed Matt Mays & El Torpedo among the artists whose music he ``never leaves home without.''	Matt Mays	Canada
country of citizenship	Elena Kubiliūnaitė-Garbačiauskienė (September 14, 1900 -- April 19, 1997) was a Lithuanian athlete, sports journalist, one of the women's sports pioneers in Lithuania.	Elena Kubiliūnaitė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Marcelle Werbrouck was decorated with the médaille de reconnaissance de la Croix-Rouge française after World War I. Werbrouck worked closely with Capart and contributed directly to the development of Egyptology in Belgium.	Marcelle Werbrouck	Belgium
country of citizenship	Tek Bahadur Gurung, a member of Nepali Congress, assumed the post of the Minister for Labour and Employment of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala-led government.	Tek Bahadur Gurung	Nepal
country of citizenship	Tirhas Habtegiris (1978 -- December 14, 2005) was a United States resident originally from Eritrea, who, after being diagnosed as terminally ill, was removed from a respirator against the wishes of her family.	Tirhas Habtegiris	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Arthur Edward McDonogh (c.1810 -- 26 October 1852) was a New Zealand policeman, police magistrate, militia officer and roading supervisor.	Arthur Edward McDonogh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Prinz is director of the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Leipzig, Germany, and an internationally recognized expert in experimental psychology, cognitive psychology and philosophy of mind.	Wolfgang Prinz	Germany
country of citizenship	Charlie Ngatai (born 17 August 1990 in Gisborne, New Zealand) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a midfield back for the Chiefs in Super Rugby.	Charlie Ngatai	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Moyra Fraser was born in Sydney, Australia, on 3 December 1923 and with her family emigrated to the United Kingdom in June 1924.	Moyra Fraser	Australia
country of citizenship	Sérgio Lopes (Campina Grande, October 27, 1965) is a poet, singer and a christian music composer from Brazil.	Sérgio Lopes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Roland Thöni (born January 17, 1950) is a former alpine ski racer from northern Italy.	Roland Thöni	Italy
country of citizenship	Michiko Hattori (Japanese: 服部道子, born 8 September 1968) is a Japanese professional golfer and former Player of the Year on the Japan LPGA.	Michiko Hattori	Japan
country of citizenship	Lars Hedlund is a former strongman and powerlifter from Sweden.	Lars Hedlund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Bengt Sigvard Jonsson, born 27 February 1923 in Bodum, Sweden, dead 17 September 1969 at the same place, was a Swedish cross-country skier and lumberjack.	Sigvard Jonsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Hamad Bin Abdulaziz Al-Kawari (born January 1, 1948 in Al Ghariyah, Qatar) is a Qatari diplomat, statesman, intellectual and has been the Minister for Culture, Arts and Heritage of Qatar since July 1, 2008.	Hamad Bin Abdulaziz Al-Kawari	Qatar
country of citizenship	Surawich Logarwit (Thai: สุรวิทย์ โลกาวิทย์, born 11 February 1993) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Surawich Logarwit	Thailand
country of citizenship	Janusz Morgenstern was born in 1922 to a Jewish family in the town of Mikulińce, Poland (now Mykulyntsi, Ukraine), to Dawid Morgenstern and Estera (née Druks).	Janusz Morgenstern	Poland
country of citizenship	Sajid Mir (Urdu: ساجد میر) is a Pakistani Politician and Member of Senate of Pakistan, currently serving as Chairperson- Senate Committee on Science and Technology.	Sajid Mir	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Karl Schrott (born January 9, 1953) is a former luger from Austria who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Karl Schrott	Austria
country of citizenship	Matti Virmanen (born November 30, 1960 in Helsinki, Finland) is a retired Ice hockey player and currently an amateur scout for the Edmonton Oilers.	Matti Virmanen	Finland
country of citizenship	Kati Heck (born 1979, Düsseldorf, Germany) is an artist based in Antwerp.	Kati Heck	Germany
country of citizenship	Moturu Hanumantha Rao was a Communist party leader in the state of Andhra Pradesh, South India.	Moturu Hanumantha Rao	India
country of citizenship	Jeannette Amelia de la Coromoto Donzella Sánchez, or simply Jeannette Donzella, is a pageant titleholder, was born in Caracas, Venezuela in 1950.	Jeannette Donzella	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Jürgen Nöldner (born February 22, 1941 in Berlin) is a German former footballer who was active in East Germany.	Jürgen Nöldner	East Germany
country of citizenship	Edmund Tobin Asselin (September 26, 1920 in Bromptonville, Quebec, Canada -- March 24, 1999) was a Canadian politician, administrator and businessman.	Edmund Tobin Asselin	Canada
country of citizenship	Børre Sæthre (b. 1967 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian artist whose exhibitions combine many skills, including those of the architect, the interior designer and the set dresser.	Børre Sæthre	Norway
country of citizenship	Eva Bártová is an orienteering competitor who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Eva Bártová	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	María Felicidad González (1884 in Paraguarí, Paraguay -- 1980) was a Paraguayan academic and feminist activist.	María Felicidad González	Paraguay
country of citizenship	William Carran (3 August 1898--1 October 1960) was a New Zealand policeman and assistant commissioner of police.	William Carran	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marc Wauters (born 23 February 1969 in Hasselt, Belgium) is a former Belgian cyclist who was professional from 1991 until 2006.	Marc Wauters	Belgium
country of citizenship	Wade Morissette was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, the son of Georgia Mary Ann Feuerstein, a Hungarian-born teacher of Jewish extraction, and Alan Richard Morissette, a French-Canadian high school principal.	Wade Morissette	Canada
country of citizenship	Paul Whatuira (born 31 July 1981 in Wellington, New Zealand, pronounced fah-tu-ee-ra) is a former professional rugby league footballer who last played for the Parramatta Eels in the NRL in 2011.	Paul Whatuira	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Majid Takht-Ravanchi (also Takht-e-Ravanchi) (Persian: ‌مجید تخت‌روانچی‎, born 15 October 1958 in Tehran) is an Iranian diplomat and current Iran's deputy foreign minister for European and American Affairs.	Majid Takht-Ravanchi	Iran
country of citizenship	Lee Manuel Ossie, born July 18, 1968 in Monrovia, Liberia, is a Liberian professional Heavyweight boxer.	Manuel Ossie	Liberia
country of citizenship	Zdeněk Rygel (born 1 March 1951 in Ostrava) is a former football player from Czechoslovakia.	Zdeněk Rygel	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Frederick Melrose Horowhenua Hanson DSO* MM OBE (9 July 1895--15 July 1979) was a New Zealand soldier, engineer, military leader and public servant.	Frederick Melrose Horowhenua Hanson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Clara Lee (Hangul: 클라라 리) (born Lee Sung-min (Hangul: 이성민) on 15 January 1985), better known by her mononym, Clara (Hangul: 클라라), is a Swiss-born British actress and model active in South Korea.	Clara Lee	South Korea
country of citizenship	Raffaello Ossola is a painter, born in Locarno (Switzerland), who has lived in Italy since 1990.	Raffaello Ossola	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Paul Nougé (1895--1967), was a Belgian poet, founder and theoretician of surrealism in Belgium, sometimes known as the ``Belgian Breton''.	Paul Nougé	Belgium
country of citizenship	Charles Waters (b. May 29, 1787 Vermont; d. September 9, 1869) was a farmer, merchant and political figure in Upper Canada.	Charles Waters	Canada
country of citizenship	Abdelhamid Halim Benmabrouk, (Arabic: عبد الحميد حليم بن مبروك‎, born in France, June 25, 1960) is a retired Algerian footballer.	Halim Benmabrouk	France
country of citizenship	El Fandi (born David Fandila Marín in Granada, Spain) is statistically one of the most skilled matadors in the world.	El Fandi	Spain
country of citizenship	Mohsen Abdel Hamid (born 1937 Arabic: محسن عبد الحميد‎) is an Iraqi politician and Islamic scholar who was a member of the Interim Iraq Governing Council (president, February 2004), created following the United States's 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Mohsen Abdel Hamid	Iraq
country of citizenship	Magool was born in the city of Dhusa Mareb, the capital of the Galgaduud region in central Somalia.	Magool	Somalia
country of citizenship	John de Vries (born 3 April 1966, New South Wales, Australia) is a former driver in the Indy Racing League and Australian Formula Holden.	John de Vries	Australia
country of citizenship	Asashio Tarō III (朝潮 太郎, November 13, 1929 -- October 23, 1988) was a sumo wrestler from Kobe, Hyogo, Japan (born on Tokushima in the Amami Islands).	Asashio Tarō III	Japan
country of citizenship	Sarat Maharaj (born in Durban, South Africa 1951) is a writer, researcher, curator, and professor.	Sarat Maharaj	South Africa
country of citizenship	Esteban Ciaccheri (born 20 May 1991 in Argentina) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Arsenal de Sarandí.	Esteban Ciaccheri	Argentina
country of citizenship	Salvatore Gaffiero (8 March 1828 - 8 December 1906) was a Maltese prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Malta from 1899 until his death in 1906.	Salvatore Gaffiero	Malta
country of citizenship	Shubhashish Mazumder Bappa (Bengali: শুভাশীষ মজুমদার বাপ্পা; born 5 February) mostly known as Bappa Mazumder is a singer from Bangladesh, lyricist and composer.	Bappa Mazumder	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Francesco Saverio Caruana (7 July 1759 - 17 November 1847) was a Maltese prelate who was Bishop of Malta from 1831 to his death in 1847.	Francesco Saverio Caruana	Malta
country of citizenship	Rachid Sfar, the former Prime Minister of Tunisian President Habib Bourguiba, was born on September 11, 1933 at Mahdia, the ancient Fatimite capital of Tunisia.	Rachid Sfar	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Christoph Martin Killias (born March 29, 1948 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a Swiss criminologist who has been a permanent visiting professor at the University of St. Gallen's law school since 2013.	Martin Killias	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Antonio Roldán Reyna (15 June 1946 in Mexico City -- 24 January 1974) was a Mexican boxer who competed in the featherweight division (-- 57 kg) during his career as an amateur.	Antonio Roldán	Mexico
country of citizenship	JoFF Rae is the pseudonym of a New Zealand event producer, designer & artist.	JoFF Rae	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Justin Arop (March 24, 1958 -- 1994) was a track and field athlete from Uganda, who competed in the men's javelin throw event during his career.	Justin Arop	Uganda
country of citizenship	Władysław I Herman (c. 1044 -- 4 June 1102) was a Duke of Poland from 1079 until his death.	Władysław I Herman	Poland
country of citizenship	Rana Mohammad Hanif Khan (رانا محمد حنیف خان ) was the 11th Finance Minister of Pakistan from October 22, 1974 to March 28, 1977.	Rana Mohammad Hanif Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Kelly-Ann Way (born September 18, 1964 in Windsor, Ontario) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer from Canada, who won the silver medal in the women's individual pursuit at the 1987 Pan American Games.	Kelly-Ann Way	Canada
country of citizenship	Carlo Sonego (born 20 February 1972) is a retired javelin thrower from Italy.	Carlo Sonego	Italy
country of citizenship	General Roberts Dambītis (May 2, 1881 - March 27, 1957 in Trikāta parish near Strenči, Latvia) was a Latvian soldier and politician.	Roberts Dambītis	Latvia
country of citizenship	Simon Renard, Sieur of Bermont and Lieutenant of Aumont or Amont, (1513- 8 August 1573) was an advisor of the Emperor Charles V and his son Philip II of Spain, overlords of the County of Burgundy and Counts of Burgundy.	Simon Renard	Spain
country of citizenship	Crawford Vaughan (14 July 1874 -- 15 December 1947) was an Australian politician, and the Premier of South Australia from 1915 to 1917.	Crawford Vaughan	Australia
country of citizenship	Faruk Malami Yabo MFR (Member of the Order of the Federal Republic) is an entrepreneur, political figure, and philanthropist based out of Sokoto State in the Northwestern region of Nigeria.	Faruk Malami Yabo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Anup D'Costa (7 January 1993, Kundapura, Karnataka) is an Indian volleyball player, represented India in 2010 Asian Youth Boys Volleyball Championship held in Azadi Volleyball Hall, Tehran, Iran from 13 to 21 May 2010.	Anup D'Costa	India
country of citizenship	Khodayyir Abbas was Minister of Health in the cabinet appointed by the Interim Iraq Governing Council in September 2003.	Khodayyir Abbas	Iraq
country of citizenship	Amna Nurhusein is the Minister of Health in Eritrea.	Amna Nurhusein	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Caroline Wuiet was the daughter of an organist born and in Rambouillet, France.	Caroline Wuiet	France
country of citizenship	Luca Belcastro (born September 18, 1964 in Como, Italy) is an Italian composer of classical music.	Luca Belcastro	Italy
country of citizenship	Rev. William Arthur Johnson (1816--1880) was an amateur biologist, naturalist, microscopist, botanist, and ordained clergyman who lived in Canada.	William Arthur Johnson	Canada
country of citizenship	Pol Greisch (born Walferdange, April 8, 1930) is a writer from Luxembourg.	Pol Greisch	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Hassan Maatouk (Arabic: حسن معتوق; born October 8, 1987 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese football striker who currently plays for Lebanon national football team and Fujairah SC.	Hassan Maatouk	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Philibert Smellinckx was a Belgian footballer born 17 January 1911 in Saint-Gilles, Brussels (Belgium), died 8 April 1977.	Philibert Smellinckx	Belgium
country of citizenship	Leo Spies (4 June 1899 -- 1 May 1965) was a Russian-born German composer and conductor active in the musical and theatrical life of Germany, and especially in Berlin.	Leo Spies	Germany
country of citizenship	L'Armonia Sonora is a Netherlands early music group led by the gambist Mieneke van der Velden.	L'Armonia Sonora	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lynxxx is the only son of Chief John D. Edozien, a former deputy governor of old Bendel State in Nigeria.	Lynxxx	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Gladys Willems (born 4 January 1977 in Schoten, Belgium) is a Belgian compound archer.	Gladys Willems	Belgium
country of citizenship	José Antonio Soto Délano (born January 28, 1986 in Valparaíso, Chile) is a former Chilean footballer currently played for Santiago Wanderers, Deportes Concepción, Unión La Calera and Unión Quilpué in Chile.	José Antonio Soto Délano	Chile
country of origin	The Cottesloe Civic Centre lies on the corner of Broome and Napier Streets, Cottesloe, Western Australia.	Cottesloe Civic Centre	Australia
country of origin	It is a popular dish in Ghana Waakye is mostly eaten for breakfast or lunch.	Waakye	Ghana
country of origin	Nikhat Kazmi from the Times of India gave the film 3/5 stars and said ``This one's definitely not for the fastidious, choosy viewer but for those who don't mind losing it for a bit, Double Dhamaal works like an average Bollywood comedy.	Double Dhamaal	India
country of origin	Brandy snaps are a popular snack or dessert food in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand.	Brandy snaps	United Kingdom
country of origin	In Australia, Saturday Night Footy (formerly as Saturday Night Football) is the broadcasting of Australian Football League (AFL) Saturday night matches on television.	Saturday Night Footy	Australia
date of death	Arnold Muir Wilson (1857--1 October 1909) was a British solicitor and politician.	Arnold Muir Wilson	1909
date of death	Jumai Khan Azad (born 5 August 1930; death 29 December 2013) was an Indian poet of Awadhi language from Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Jumai Khan Azad	29 December 2013
date of death	Anthony Minghella, CBE (6 January 1954 -- 18 March 2008) was a British film director, playwright and screenwriter.	Anthony Minghella	18 March 2008
date of death	Eivind Holmsen (5 July 1894 -- 22 March 1990) was a Norwegian shooter who competed in the early 20th century in rifle shooting.	Eivind Holmsen	22 March 1990
date of death	Saint Athanasia of Aegina (born circa 790 in Aegina - died 14 August 860, Timia, Greece) was a saint who lived in the Byzantine Empire and was for a while adviser to the Empress Theodora II.	Athanasia of Aegina	14 August 860
developer	DinoCity, originally released in Japan as Dinowars Kyōryū Ōkoku e no Daibōken (ダイナウォーズ 恐竜王国への大冒険, ``Dinowars: Adventures in the Dinosaur Kingdom''), is a platform video game developed and published by Irem Corporation for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	DinoCity	Irem
developer	Light Crusader is an action RPG developed by Treasure and published by Sega exclusively for the Sega Genesis.	Light Crusader	Treasure
developer	The members of the IKS project decided to initiate the Apache Stanbol project as part of the incubation program of the Apache Software Foundation (ASF).	Apache Stanbol	Apache Software Foundation
developer	Sid Meier's Gettysburg! is a real-time tactical computer game designed by Sid Meier, the co-founder of Firaxis Games, that was released in 1997 by Electronic Arts.	Sid Meier's Gettysburg!	Firaxis Games
developer	Blaster Master is a platform and run and gun video game released by Sunsoft for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	Blaster Master	Sunsoft
director	Gadis Desa (literally Maiden from the Village) is a 1949 comedy from what is now Indonesia written and directed by Andjar Asmara.	Gadis Desa	Andjar Asmara
director	Avalude Ravukal (Malayalam: അവളുടെ രാവുകള്‍) is a Malayalam film directed by I. V. Sasi, released in 1978.	Avalude Ravukal	I. V. Sasi
director	Land Ho! is an American-Icelandic adventure comedy film co-written and co-directed by Martha Stephens and Aaron Katz.	Land Ho!	Martha Stephens	Aaron Katz
director	Animation historian Steve Schneider said of this picture: ``...Bob Clampett's forever priceless The Great Piggy Bank Robbery is clearly a work of the highest cinematic poetry, for prompting the film's manic hilarity are a sequence of images that remain among the most indelible in cartoon history.''	The Great Piggy Bank Robbery	Bob Clampett
director	The Deathless Devil (Turkish: Yılmayan Şeytan) is a 1972 Turkish action film, co-written, produced and directed by Yılmaz Atadeniz, starring Kunt Tulgar as a young man who takes up his father's mantle as masked crimefighter Copperhead to defeat the evil Dr. Satan.	The Deathless Devil	Yılmaz Atadeniz
director	Trouble in Morocco is a 1937 film directed by Ernest B. Schoedsack.	Trouble in Morocco	Ernest B. Schoedsack
director	El Cantar de mi ciudad (English language: The Singer of My City) is a 1930 Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra.	The Singer of My City	José A. Ferreyra
director	A Man's Gotta Do is a 2004 Australian award winning film from Australian director, Chris Kennedy.	A Man's Gotta Do	Chris Kennedy
director	Floating City (Chinese: 浮城; Jyutping: fau4 seng4) is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong drama film directed by Yim Ho.	Floating City	Yim Ho
director	Allari Alludu (English: Naughty Son-In-Law) is a 1993 Telugu Comedy film, directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and produced by D.Sivaprasad Reddy under Kamakshi Art Movies.	Allari Alludu	A. Kodandarami Reddy
director	Guess What We Learned in School Today? (also released in the United States as I Ain't No Buffalo) is a 1970 film directed by John G. Avildsen and written by Eugene Price.	Guess What We Learned in School Today?	John G. Avildsen
director	Le Prussien is a 1971 French made-for-television film directed by Jean L'Hôte and is also Isabelle Huppert's film debut.	Le Prussien	Jean L'Hôte
director	Ramparts of Brabant (Flemish:De omwalling van Brabant, French:Rempart du Brabant) is a 1921 Belgian silent film directed by Théo Bergerat.	Ramparts of Brabant	Théo Bergerat
director	Nerungi Vaa Muthamidathe (English: Come Close, Do Not Kiss) is a 2014 Indian Tamil-language road film written and directed by Lakshmy Ramakrishnan.	Nerungi Vaa Muthamidathe	Lakshmy Ramakrishnan
director	Passage to Marseille, also known as Message to Marseille, is a 1944 war film made by Warner Brothers, directed by Michael Curtiz.	Passage to Marseille	Michael Curtiz
director	Secret of St. Job Forest (Hungarian: A szentjóbi erdö titka) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.	Secret of St. Job Forest	Michael Curtiz
director	Music Hath Charms is a 1935 British musical film directed by Thomas Bentley.	Music Hath Charms	Thomas Bentley
director	The Proud General (simplified Chinese: 骄傲的将军; traditional Chinese: 驕傲的將軍; pinyin: Jiāo'ào de Jiāngjūn) is a Chinese animated featurette produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio under the master animator Te Wei.	The Proud General	Te Wei
director	Two Confessions (Hungarian: Két vallomás) is a 1957 Hungarian crime film directed by Márton Keleti.	Two Confessions	Márton Keleti
director	Bride 13 is a 1920 American thriller film serial directed by Richard Stanton.	Bride 13	Richard Stanton
director	The Mooring is a 2012 suspense thriller film directed by Glenn Withrow, starring Hallie Todd, Thomas Wilson Brown, and ten young actors from across the United States.	The Mooring	Glenn Withrow
director	Muddula Mavayya is a 1989 Telugu, drama film produced by S. Gopal Reddy on Bhargav Art Productions banner, directed by Kodi Ramakrishna.	Muddula Mavayya	Kodi Ramakrishna
director	Quasi at the Quackadero is a 1975 animated short by Sally Cruikshank.	Quasi at the Quackadero	Sally Cruikshank
director	Mallammana Pavaada (Kannada: ಮಲ್ಲಮ್ಮನ ಪವಾಡ) is a 1969 Kannada film directed by Puttanna Kanagal.	Mallammana Pavaada	Puttanna Kanagal
director	Under the Chinese Restaurant (Italian: Sotto il ristorante cinese, also known as Trouble in Paradise) is a 1987 Italian fantasy-comedy film written and directed by Bruno Bozzetto.	Under the Chinese Restaurant	Bruno Bozzetto
director	Hello, That's Me! (Armenian: Բարև, ես եմ; translit. Barev, yes em) is a 1966 Armenian drama film directed by Frunze Dovlatyan.	Hello, That's Me!	Frunze Dovlatyan
director	Claudelle Inglish is a 1961 American film directed by Gordon Douglas and based on the 1958 novel by Erskine Caldwell.	Claudelle Inglish	Gordon Douglas
director	Agi Murad, il diavolo bianco (internationally released as The White Warrior) is a 1959 Italian adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda.	The White Warrior	Riccardo Freda
director	Bone Trouble (1940) is an animated short produced by Walt Disney, and directed by Jack Kinney.	Bone Trouble	Jack Kinney
director	Journey into Spring is a 1958 British short documentary film directed by Ralph Keene and made by British Transport Films.	Journey into Spring	Ralph Keene
director	Teaserama is a 1955 American documentary film directed by Irving Klaw which follows the performance of a burlesque show.	Teaserama	Irving Klaw
director	In Old Sacramento is a 1946 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and written by Frances Hyland and Frank Gruber.	In Old Sacramento	Joseph Kane
director	Cumbres de hidalguía is a 1947 Argentine dramatic adventure film directed by Julio Saraceni and written by Luis Olivo Gallo.	Cumbres de hidalguía	Julio Saraceni
director	Place des Cordeliers à Lyon (also known as Cordeliers' Square in Lyon) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière.	Place des Cordeliers à Lyon	Louis Lumière
director	Family Gathering in the House of Prellstein (German:Familientag im Hause Prellstein) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Hans Steinhoff and starring S.Z. Sakall, Erika Glässner and Sig Arno.	Family Gathering in the House of Prellstein	Hans Steinhoff
director	In-Bad the Sailor is a 1924 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director, Benjamin Stoloff.	In-Bad the Sailor	Benjamin Stoloff
director	The Price of Coal is a two-part television drama written by Barry Hines and directed by Ken Loach first broadcast in 1977.	The Price of Coal	Ken Loach
director	Masquerade in Mexico is a 1945 comedy film directed by Mitchell Leisen.	Masquerade in Mexico	Mitchell Leisen
director	The 5000 Days Project is an ongoing documentary film directed by Rick Stevenson, that has several presentations and extensions in various festivals, TV stations, and more.	5000 Days Project	Rick Stevenson
director	Fury at Gunsight Pass is a 1956 American western film directed by Fred F. Sears.	Fury at Gunsight Pass	Fred F. Sears
director	Bodysong is a 2003 BAFTA winning documentary about human life and the human condition directed by Simon Pummell and produced by Janine Marmot.	Bodysong	Simon Pummell
director	Fear of Clowns is a 2004 horror film written and directed by Kevin Kangas.	Fear of Clowns	Kevin Kangas
director	Beijing Blues (神探亨特张 Shéntàn Hēngtè Zhāng literally ``Divine Detective Hunter Zhang'')is a 2012 Chinese film directed by Gao Qunshu.	Beijing Blues	Gao Qunshu
director	Written by series co-creator Trey Parker and David Goodman, and also directed by Trey Parker, ``Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut'' was rated TV-MA in the United States and 12 in the United Kingdom.	Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut	Trey Parker
director	El Hijo del crack (meaning ``Son of the Star'') is a 1953 Argentine football drama film co-directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and Leopoldo Torres Ríos and starring Armando Bo and Oscar Rovito.	El Hijo del crack	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
director	Murder at Monkey Hill is 1976 Indian film written and directed by Vidhu Vinod Chopra.	Murder at Monkey Hill	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
director	The Helpers (released in some countries as Vacancy 4) is a 2012 American horror film by Chris Stokes.	The Helpers	Chris Stokes
director	Information Received is a 1961 British Crime film directed by Robert Lynn and starring Sabine Sesselmann, William Sylvester and Hermione Baddeley.	Information Received	Robert Lynn
director	Return of the 38 Gang (Italian: Ritornano quelli della calibro 38, also known as Gangsters) is a 1977 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Giuseppe Vari.	Return of the 38 Gang	Giuseppe Vari
director	The Tricky Master (千王之王2000) is a 1999 Hong Kong crime comedy gambling film directed by Wong Jing.	The Tricky Master	Wong Jing
director	Nejlepší ženská mého života is a 1968 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič and was his final film.	Nejlepší ženská mého života	Martin Frič
director	Modern Pirates (German:Moderne Piraten) is a 1928 German silent comedy film directed by Manfred Noa and starring Jack Trevor, Marietta Millner and Sig Arno.	Modern Pirates	Manfred Noa
director	When Brummies Met Sindhis is a documentary film made by Pakistani documentary filmmaker, Azfar Rizvi.	When Brummies Met Sindhis	Azfar Rizvi
director	The Crime of Father Amaro, sometimes The Crime of Padre Amaro, (Spanish: El crimen del padre Amaro) is a 2002 film directed by Carlos Carrera.	The Crime of Father Amaro	Carlos Carrera
director	Kill Speed (also called Fast Glass) is a 2010 action film directed by Kim Bass, who is a commercial rated pilot.	Kill Speed	Kim Bass
director	Three Men from Texas is a 1940 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Norton S. Parker.	Three Men from Texas	Lesley Selander
director	Akayla (English: Lonely) is a 1991 Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Sippy and produced by the Mushir - Riaz duo.	Akayla	Ramesh Sippy
director	Sucker Money (1933) is an American Pre-Code film directed by Dorothy Davenport and Melville Shyer.	Sucker Money	Dorothy Davenport	Melville Shyer
director	The Landlord is a 1970 film directed by Hal Ashby, based on the 1966 novel by Kristin Hunter.	The Landlord	Hal Ashby
director	Sorry for Kung Fu (Croatian: Oprosti za kung fu) is a 2004 Croatian drama film directed by Ognjen Sviličić.	Sorry for Kung Fu	Ognjen Sviličić
director	Will They Never Come? is a 1915 Australian film directed by Alfred Rolfe.	Will They Never Come?	Alfred Rolfe
director	Interrogating the Witnesses (German: Vernehmung der Zeugen) is a 1987 East German drama film directed by Gunther Scholz.	Interrogating the Witnesses	Gunther Scholz
director	Kucch To Hai (translation: Something is there) is a 2003 Bollywood romantic horror film directed by Anurag Basu and Anil V. Kumar, while it's written by Rajeev Javehri.	Kucch To Hai	Anurag Basu
director	In Just Hours is a Ugandan short drama film written and directed by Usama Mukwaya.	In Just Hours	Usama Mukwaya
director	Fodboldpræsten is a 1951 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.	Fodboldpræsten	Alice O'Fredericks
director	ChaalBaaz (English: Trickster) is a 1989 Bollywood Comedy film directed by Pankaj Parashar.	ChaalBaaz	Pankaj Parashar
director	Raju Chacha is an Indian Bollywood action film directed by Anil Devgan, released on 20 December 2000.	Raju Chacha	Anil Devgan
director	Babe Comes Home (1927) is a silent film produced and distributed through First National and directed by Ted Wilde.	Babe Comes Home	Ted Wilde
director	Back Alley Oproar is a Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies (Blue Ribbon reissue) animated short directed by Friz Freleng and originally released in theaters on March 27, 1948.	Back Alley Oproar	Friz Freleng
director	Jeene Ki Raah (English: Way of Life) is a 1969 Hindi, drama film, produced and directed L. V. Prasad Prasad Productions Pvt Ltd banner.	Jeene Ki Raah	L. V. Prasad
director	After seeing Hav Plenty at the Acapulco Black Film Festival, Tracey Edmonds and Kenneth ``Babyface'' Edmonds offered to attach their names to the film and record a new soundtrack, consequently attracting an intense amount of media attention to what was previously a small, obscure independent movie.	Hav Plenty	Babyface
director	Crystal Voyager is a 1973 Australian surf film directed by David Elfick.	Crystal Voyager	David Elfick
director	Cobra Woman is a 1944 American melodrama/adventure film of the South Seas genre, directed by Robert Siodmak.	Cobra Woman	Robert Siodmak
director	Helmsman Holk (German:Steuermann Holk) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Rochus Gliese and Ludwig Wolff and starring Asta Nielsen and Paul Wegener.	Helmsman Holk	Rochus Gliese
director	The Laughing Lady is a 1946 British Technicolor musical drama film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Anne Ziegler, Webster Booth and Francis L. Sullivan.	The Laughing Lady	Paul L. Stein
director	Twilight of Love (Italian: La notte dell'alta marea, also known as The Night of the High Tide and Lure of Love) is a 1977 Italian romance film written and directed by Luigi Scattini.	Twilight of Love	Luigi Scattini
director	The Mysterious Castle in the Carpathians (Czech: Tajemství hradu v Karpatech, literally ``The Mystery/Secret of the Castle in the Carpathians'') is a 1981 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský.	The Mysterious Castle in the Carpathians	Oldřich Lipský
director	Forever Mery (Italian: Mery per sempre), is a 1989 Italian drama film directed by Marco Risi and released in 1989.	Forever Mery	Marco Risi
director	Tanu Weds Manu is a 2011 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Anand L. Rai, and produced by Shailesh R Singh.	Tanu Weds Manu	Anand L. Rai
director	Grand Duchess Alexandra (German:Grossfürstin Alexandra) is a 1933 Austrian operetta film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Maria Jeritza, Paul Hatrmann and Leo Slezak.	Grand Duchess Alexandra	Wilhelm Thiele
director	Mr. Skeffington is a 1944 American drama film directed by Vincent Sherman, based on the novel of the same name by Elizabeth von Arnim.	Mr. Skeffington	Vincent Sherman
director	Héroes de Otra Patria (in English, Heroes from Another Country, or sometimes credited as Heroes without a Cause) is a 1998 Puerto Rican film, written and directed by Iván Dariel Ortíz.	Héroes de Otra Patria	Iván Dariel Ortíz
director	Elegy for a Revolutionary is a 2013 short film directed and written by Paul van Zyl.	Elegy for a Revolutionary	Paul van Zyl
director	Fog Island is a 1945 American mystery-suspense film directed by Terry O. Morse.	Fog Island	Terry O. Morse
director	Number 55 (Croatian: Broj 55) is a 2014 Croatian war film directed by Kristijan Milić.	Number 55	Kristijan Milić
director	Rathimanmadhan is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by MA Rahman and Naseema Kabeer.	Rathimanmadhan	J. Sasikumar
director	Gypsy 83 is a 2001 drama film, written and directed by Todd Stephens, about two young goths, Gypsy and Clive, who travel to New York for an annual festival celebrating their idol, Stevie Nicks.	Gypsy 83	Todd Stephens
director	Spooks and Spirits (Ófeigur gengur aftur in its original Icelandic) is a 2013 Icelandic fantasy-comedy film written and directed by Ágúst Guðmundsson.	Spooks and Spirits	Ágúst Guðmundsson
director	Opera Jawa (Requiem from Java) is a 2006 Indonesian-Austrian musical film directed by Garin Nugroho that features traditional Javanese classical music and dance in a setting of opera that is inspired by the ``Abduction of Sita'' episode from the Ramayana.	Opera Jawa	Garin Nugroho
director	Záhada modrého pokoje is a 1933 Czechoslovak mystery film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.	Záhada modrého pokoje	Miroslav Cikán
director	Any Mother's Son is a 1997 television drama film directed by David Burton Morris.	Any Mother's Son	David Burton Morris
director	Please Turn Over is a 1959 British comedy film written by Norman Hudis and directed by Gerald Thomas.	Please Turn Over	Gerald Thomas
director	Husband Hunters is a 1927 comedy-drama silent film released by Tiffany Productions and directed by John G. Adolfi.	Husband Hunters	John G. Adolfi
director	Laughing at Trouble is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Frank R. Strayer and written by Robert Ellis and Helen Logan.	Laughing at Trouble	Frank R. Strayer
director	During One Night is a 1961 British drama film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Don Borisenko and Susan Hampshire.	During One Night	Sidney J. Furie
director	The Girl in 419 is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Alexander Hall and George Somnes and written by Allen Rivkin, Manuel Seff and P.J. Wolfson.	The Girl in 419	Alexander Hall
director	Welcome to Collinwood is a 2002 American caper comedy film written and directed by Anthony and Joe Russo about a group of small-time thieves and misfits from the Collinwood neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio, who attempt to carry out a major theft from a jeweller's apartment safe.	Welcome to Collinwood	Joe Russo
director	Mission to Caracas or Mission spéciale à Caracas is a 1965 spy film directed by Raoul André.	Mission to Caracas	Raoul André
director	Crook's Tour is a 1941 British film directed by John Baxter featuring Charters and Caldicott.	Crook's Tour	John Baxter
director	La Bailanta (English: The Dancing Hall) is a 1988 Argentine musical film directed and written by Luis Rodrigo.	La Bailanta	Luis Rodrigo
director	The Comedy Garage is a documentary by director Logan Leistikow, released in 2011, depicting a day in the life of five rising star comedians who produce a stand up comedy show performed on a self-made stage in their garage in Burbank, California.	The Comedy Garage	Logan Leistikow
director	El extraño viaje(English: The Strange Voyage) is a 1964 Spanish black drama film directed by Fernando Fernán Gómez.	El extraño viaje	Fernando Fernán Gómez
director	Without Orders is a 1936 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and produced by RKO Radio Pictures who released the picture on October 23, 1936.	Without Orders	Lew Landers
director	Spasms is a 1983 Canadian horror film directed by William Fruet.	Spasms	William Fruet
director	The Shining Arc (Chinese: 弧光, translit. Hu guang, also released as Arc Light) is a 1989 Chinese drama film directed by Zhang Junzhao.	The Shining Arc	Zhang Junzhao
director	This Island Earth is a 1955 American Technicolor science fiction film directed by Joseph M. Newman and Jack Arnold.	This Island Earth	Joseph M. Newman	Jack Arnold
director	Mooladhanam (Malayalam: മൂലധനം, translation: Capital) is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by M Azim.	Mooladhanam	P. Bhaskaran
director	Sylvie et le fantôme (Sylvie and the ghost) is a 1946 French film directed by Claude Autant-Lara.	Sylvie et le fantôme	Claude Autant-Lara
director	Hohe Schule, also known by its subtitle Das Geheimnis des Carlo Cavelli (English: The Secret of Cavelli) is an Austrian film produced in 1934 by Erich Engel.	The Secret of Cavelli	Erich Engel
director	L'Immortelle is a 1963 international co-produced drama film directed by Alain Robbe-Grillet.	L'Immortelle	Alain Robbe-Grillet
director	Willie's Magic Wand is a 1907 British short silent comedy film, directed by Walter R. Booth, featuring a young boy terrorising the household with his father's magic wand.	Willie's Magic Wand	Walter R. Booth
director	Five Branded Women is a 1960 Italian-American international co-production film directed by Martin Ritt and produced by Dino De Laurentiis.	Five Branded Women	Martin Ritt
director	Heart and Souls is a 1993 American fantasy comedy film directed by Ron Underwood.	Heart and Souls	Ron Underwood
director	Small Soldiers is a 1998 American science fiction action film directed by Joe Dante.	Small Soldiers	Joe Dante
director	Adavi Donga (Telugu: అడవి దొంగ) is a 1985 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.	Adavi Donga	K. Raghavendra Rao
director	Mr. Mike's Mondo Video is a 1979 movie conceived and directed by Saturday Night Live writer/featured player Michael O'Donoghue.	Mr. Mike's Mondo Video	Michael O'Donoghue
director	The Cohens and Kellys in Hollywood is a 1932 American comedy film directed by John Francis Dillon and written by Howard J. Green.	The Cohens and Kellys in Hollywood	John Francis Dillon
director	Half of Heaven (Spanish: La mitad del cielo) is a 1986 Spanish drama film directed by Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón.	Half of Heaven	Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón
director	Kenny Begins is a 2009 Swedish comedy science fiction film directed by Carl Åstrand and Mats Lindberg.	Kenny Begins	Carl Åstrand
director	Seven Songs from the Tundra (Finnish: Seitsemän laulua tundralta) is a 1999 Finnish film directed by Anastasia Lapsui and Markku Lehmuskallio.	Seven Songs from the Tundra	Markku Lehmuskallio
director	Monument to the Dream is a 1967 American short documentary film about the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial directed by Charles Guggenheim and narrated by Paul Richards.	Monument to the Dream	Charles Guggenheim
director	Princess Turandot (German:Prinzessin Turandot) is a 1934 German comedy film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Käthe von Nagy and Willy Fritsch.	Princess Turandot	Gerhard Lamprecht
director	Netru Indru (English: Yesterday, Today) is a 2014 Tamil action film, directed by Padmamagan, a filmmaker who earlier directed Pallavan and R. Parthiban starrer Ammuvagiya Naan.	Netru Indru	Padmamagan
director	The Art Dealer (French title: L'Antiquaire) is a 2015 French thriller drama film produced and directed by François Margolin.	The Art Dealer	François Margolin
director	Our Land of Peace (Spanish:Nuestra tierra de paz) is a 1939 Argentine-Spanish biographical film directed by Arturo S. Mom.	Our Land of Peace	Arturo S. Mom
director	Marudhanayagam is a long-delayed high budget Indian historical fiction film directed and produced by Kamal Haasan.	Marudhanayagam	Kamal Haasan
director	Zero Motivation (Hebrew title: אפס ביחסי אנוש, Zero on interpersonal relations) is a 2014 Israeli comedy-drama film directed by Talya Lavie.	Zero Motivation	Talya Lavie
director	An Australian by Marriage is a 1923 Australian dramatized documentary directed by Raymond Longford.	An Australian by Marriage	Raymond Longford
director	Dom Hemingway is a 2013 British black comedy--crime drama film directed and written by Richard Shepard.	Dom Hemingway	Richard Shepard
director	Texas Rangers Ride Again is a 1940 American Western film directed by James P. Hogan and written by William R. Lipman and Horace McCoy.	Texas Rangers Ride Again	James P. Hogan
director	Chinarayudu is a 1992 Tollywood film directed by B. Gopal and produced by P. R. Prasad on Datta Sai Films.	Chinarayudu	B. Gopal
director	How to Boil a Frog is an 2010 Canadian eco-comedy documentary film written and directed by Jon Cooksey to show the consequences of too many people using up Earth resources and suggesting five ways that people can save habitability on the Earth while improving their own lives at the same time.	How to Boil a Frog	Jon Cooksey
director	Once Upon a Time in China is a Hong Kong film franchise directed, written, and produced by Tsui Hark.	Once Upon a Time in China	Tsui Hark
director	La Spagnola is a 2001 comedy drama Australian film directed by Steve Jacobs.	La Spagnola	Steve Jacobs
director	Hatavadi (Kannada: ಹಠವಾದಿ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada language film directed by V. Ravichandran.	Hatavadi	V. Ravichandran
director	Storm Over the Nile is a 1955 film adaptation of the novel The Four Feathers, directed by Terence Young.	Storm Over the Nile	Terence Young
director	À bientôt, j'espère (literally translates as Until soon, I hope) is a 1968 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker and Mario Marret.	À bientôt, j'espère	Chris Marker
director	Cheese Mites, or Lilliputians in a London Restaurant is a 1901 British short silent comedy film, directed by Walter R. Booth, featuring a gentleman being entertained by the little people who emerge from the cheese at his table.	Cheese Mites, or Lilliputians in a London Restaurant	Walter R. Booth
director	The Opry House was the fifth Mickey Mouse cartoon released by Walt Disney Productions.	The Opry House	Walt Disney
director	Pioneers of the West is a 1940 American Western ``Three Mesquiteers'' B-movie directed by Lester Orlebeck.	Pioneers of the West	Lester Orlebeck
director	Murders in the Zoo is 1933 Pre-Code horror film directed by A. Edward Sutherland, written by Philip Wylie and Seton I. Miller.	Murders in the Zoo	A. Edward Sutherland
director	Akkare Akkare Akkare (Malayalam: അക്കരെ അക്കരെ അക്കരെ) is a 1990 Malayalam comedy film directed by Priyadarshan and written by Sreenivasan.	Akkare Akkare Akkare	Priyadarshan
director	Pax aeterna is a 1917 Danish silent drama film directed by Holger-Madsen.	Pax aeterna	Holger-Madsen
director	Thaai Naadu (Tamil: Thaai Naadu),(English: Mother Land) is a 1989 Tamil film produced by Madhampatti Sivakumar and directed by R. Aravindraj.	Thaai Naadu	R. Aravindraj
director	Mr. 3 Minutes (Chinese: 3分鐘先生) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Gordon Chan.	Mr. 3 Minutes	Gordon Chan
director	Fairy Tale Killer (追凶, Pupil in Chinese) is a 2012 Hong Kong horror film directed by Danny Pang Phat.	Fairy Tale Killer	Danny Pang Phat
director	Austeria (aka The Inn) is a Polish feature film directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz, produced by Zespół Filmowy ``Kadr'' and released in 1983.	Austeria	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
director	Are These Our Children? is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Wesley Ruggles and written by Howard Estabrook.	Are These Our Children?	Wesley Ruggles
director	National Lampoon's Last Resort (also known as Last Resort or National Lampoon's Scuba School) is a 1994 direct-to-video comedy film directed by Rafal Zielinski.	National Lampoon's Last Resort	Rafal Zielinski
director	Deewana Mastana is a 1997 Bollywood romantic comedy directed by David Dhawan.	Deewana Mastana	David Dhawan
director	Psychic Killer is a 1975 American horror film directed by Ray Danton and written by Greydon Clark, Mikel Angel and Ray Danton.	Psychic Killer	Ray Danton
director	Welcome Home, Soldier Boys is a 1972 American drama film directed by Richard Compton and written by Guerdon Trueblood.	Welcome Home, Soldier Boys	Richard Compton
director	Whichever Way the Ball Bounces (Croatian: Kud puklo da puklo), also known in English as If It Kills Me, is a 1974 Croatian film directed by Rajko Grlić.	Whichever Way the Ball Bounces	Rajko Grlić
director	Dos amigos y un amor is a 1938 Argentine musical film comedy directed by Lucas Demare.	Dos amigos y un amor	Lucas Demare
director	Unidentified is a 2006 science fiction Christian film produced by Rich Christiano and Alvin Mount.	Unidentified	Rich Christiano
director	Bhakthajanangalude Sradhakku (Malayalam: ഭക്തജനങ്ങളുടെ ശ്രദ്ധയ്ക്ക്) is a 2011 Malayalam satirical drama film directed by National award-winning director Priyanandanan.	Bhakthajanangalude Sradhakku	Priyanandanan
director	Annayum Rasoolum (English:Anna and Rasool) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam romance film, co-written and directed by Rajeev Ravi.	Annayum Rasoolum	Rajeev Ravi
director	Escape from Tomorrow is a 2013 American black-and-white independent fantasy horror film, the debut of writer and director Randy Moore.	Escape from Tomorrow	Randy Moore
director	The Shooting Party is a 1985 British drama film directed by Alan Bridges and based on the book of the same name by Isabel Colegate.	The Shooting Party	Alan Bridges
director	Nuba Conversations is a 2000 documentary and ethnographic film directed by Arthur Howes.	Nuba Conversations	Arthur Howes
director	The Betrayer is a 1921 Australian-New Zealand film from director Beaumont Smith about an inter-racial romance between a white Australian and a part-Māori girl.	The Betrayer	Beaumont Smith
director	Dívka na koštěti or The Girl on the Broomstick is a 1972 Czechoslovak fantasy-comedy film directed by Václav Vorlíček.	Dívka na koštěti	Václav Vorlíček
director	Pathamudayam is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Balakrishnan Nair.	Pathamudayam	J. Sasikumar
director	Nobody Owns Me (Swedish: Mig äger ingen) is a 2013 Swedish drama film directed by Kjell-Åke Andersson.	Nobody Owns Me	Kjell-Åke Andersson
director	The Mother of Invention is a 2009 American ``mockumentary''-style comedy film directed by Joseph M. Petrick and Andrew Bowser, with screenplay by Petrick.	The Mother of Invention	Joseph M. Petrick
director	House of Dark Shadows is a 1970 feature-length horror film directed by Dan Curtis, based on his Dark Shadows television series.	House of Dark Shadows	Dan Curtis
director	Blood for Irina is a 2012 vampire film written and directed by Fangoria editor and film critic Chris Alexander, who also helped to create the film's score.	Blood for Irina	Chris Alexander
director	Resonnances is a 2006 French science-fiction film written and directed by Philippe Robert.	Resonnances	Philippe Robert
director	Day Is Longer Than Night (Georgian: Dges game utenebia) is a 1984 Georgian drama film directed by Lana Gogoberidze.	Day Is Longer Than Night	Lana Gogoberidze
director	Egyptian Melodies is a 1931 Silly Symphonies animated short subject produced by Walt Disney and directed by Wilfred Jackson.	Egyptian Melodies	Wilfred Jackson
director	The Other Francisco (Spanish: El otro Francisco) is a 1975 Cuban drama film directed by Sergio Giral.	The Other Francisco	Sergio Giral
director	Sur le rythme is a Canadian film by director Charles-Olivier Michaud, released on 10 August 2011.	Sur le rythme	Charles-Olivier Michaud
director	The Young, the Evil and the Savage (Italian: Nude... si muore; English: Naked... You Die; also known as School Girl Killer and The Miniskirt Murders) is a 1968 Italian giallo film directed by Antonio Margheriti.	The Young, the Evil and the Savage	Antonio Margheriti
director	Who Killed the Cat? is a 1966 British crime film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Mary Merrall, Ellen Pollock and Amy Dalby.	Who Killed the Cat?	Montgomery Tully
director	La dottoressa sotto il lenzuolo is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Gianni Martucci and launched as part of dottoressa (female doctor) sexploitation theme.	La dottoressa sotto il lenzuolo	Gianni Martucci
director	Seetharamu (Kannada: ಸೀತಾರಾಮು) is a 1979 Indian Kannada language film directed by V. Somashekhar.	Seetharamu	V. Somashekhar
director	The Night We Dropped a Clanger is a 1959 British comedy thriller film directed by Darcy Conyers and starring Brian Rix, Cecil Parker, William Hartnell and Leslie Phillips.	The Night We Dropped a Clanger	Darcy Conyers
director	Sven Tuuva the Hero (Finnish: Sven Tuuva) is a 1958 Finnish film directed by Edvin Laine.	Sven Tuuva the Hero	Edvin Laine
director	Urudhi Mozhi (Tamil: உறுதிமொழி) is a 1990 Indian Tamil film, directed by R. V. Udayakumar and produced by Ravi Yadav.	Urudhi Mozhi	R. V. Udayakumar
director	The Girl in Number 29 is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by John Ford, based on the novel The Girl in the Mirror (1919) by Elizabeth Jordan.	The Girl in Number 29	John Ford
director	Bits of Life is a 1921 American film produced, written, and directed by Marshall Neilan.	Bits of Life	Marshall Neilan
director	How Angels Are Born (Portuguese: Como Nascem os Anjos) is a 1996 Brazilian crime drama film directed by Murilo Salles.	How Angels Are Born	Murilo Salles
director	Cheriyachante Kroorakrithyangal (Translation: Cruelties of Cheriyachan; Malayalam: ചെറിയാച്ചന്റെ ക്രൂരകൃത്യങ്ങൾ is a 1979 Malayalam language film directed by avant-garde filmmaker John Abraham.	Cheriyachante Kroorakrithyangal	John Abraham
director	Sordid Lives is a 2000 independent film, written and directed by Del Shores.	Sordid Lives	Del Shores
director	Six Ways to Sunday is a 1997 crime drama with elements of comedy directed by Adam Bernstein.	Six Ways to Sunday	Adam Bernstein
director	Diamond Skulls (also known as Dark Obsession) is a British 1989 thriller directed by Nick Broomfield who also co-wrote with Tim Rose-Price.	Diamond Skulls	Nick Broomfield
director	Cool School Camp (Turkish: Çılgın Dersane Kampta) is a 2008 Turkish comedy film, directed by Faruk Aksoy, about a class of teenage students who take revenge on a rival who attempts to sabotage their unconventional school.	Cool School Camp	Faruk Aksoy
director	Geedka nolosha (1988), or The Tree of Life, is a short film from Somali writer and director Abdulkadir Ahmed Said.	Geedka nolosha	Abdulkadir Ahmed Said
director	Flame in the Valley (Hangul: 산불; RR: Sanbul) is a 1967 South Korean film directed by Kim Soo-yong.	Flame in the Valley	Kim Soo-yong
director	White Valentine (Hangul: 화이트 발렌타인; RR: Hwaiteu ballentain) is a 1999 Korean romantic film directed by Yang Yun-ho.	White Valentine	Yang Yun-ho
director	Mr. Madras is a 1995 Tamil language comedy film directed by P. Vasu.	Mr. Madras	P. Vasu
director	Penrod and His Twin Brother is a 1938 American comedy film directed by William C. McGann and written by William Jacobs and Hugh Cummings.	Penrod and His Twin Brother	William C. McGann
director	Crows and Sparrows (simplified Chinese: 乌鸦与麻雀; traditional Chinese: 烏鴉與麻雀; pinyin: Wūyā yŭ Máquè) is a 1949 Chinese film made by Kunlun Studios on the eve of the Communist victory and directed by Zheng Junli.	Crows and Sparrows	Zheng Junli
director	Dames is a 1934 Warner Bros. musical comedy film directed by Ray Enright with dance numbers created by Busby Berkeley.	Dames	Ray Enright	Busby Berkeley
director	Get Married 3 is an Indonesian romantic comedy directed by Monty Tiwa and released in 2011.	Get Married 3	Monty Tiwa
director	It Happened in the Donbass (Russian: Это было в Донбассе; translit. Eto bylo v Donbasse) is a 1945 Soviet black-and-white film directed by Leonid Lukov based on a screenplay by Sergei Antonov and Mikhail Blajman.	It Happened in the Donbass	Leonid Lukov
director	Gun Lords of Stirrup Basin is a 1937 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield for Supreme Pictures.	Gun Lords of Stirrup Basin	Sam Newfield
director	Demon of Paradise is a 1987 horror film shot in the Philippines and directed by Cirio H. Santiago.	Demon of Paradise	Cirio H. Santiago
director	Baghead is a 2008 comedy horror film written and directed by Jay Duplass and Mark Duplass.	Baghead	Jay Duplass	Mark Duplass
director	The Amateur Detective is a 1914 American silent short comedy directed by Carroll Fleming for the Thanhouser Film Corporation.	The Amateur Detective	Carroll Fleming
director	Straight Shootin' (1927) is a silent film directed by William Wyler.	Straight Shootin'	William Wyler
director	The Duellists is a 1977 historical drama film and the directorial debut of Ridley Scott.	The Duellists	Ridley Scott
director	Chapel Perilous is a 2013 comedy fantasy short film, directed by Matthew Lessner.	Chapel Perilous	Matthew Lessner
director	Fumō Chitai (不毛地帯) is a 1976 Japanese film directed by Satsuo Yamamoto.	Fumō Chitai	Satsuo Yamamoto
director	The Price of Power (Italian: Il prezzo del potere, 1969) is a Spaghetti Western directed by Tonino Valerii.	The Price of Power	Tonino Valerii
director	The Thousand Plane Raid (aka The One Thousand Plane Raid) is a 1969 film directed by Boris Sagal.	The Thousand Plane Raid	Boris Sagal
director	My Bodyguard is a 1980 American comedy-drama film directed by Tony Bill (his directorial debut), and written by Alan Ormsby.	My Bodyguard	Tony Bill
director	Baptism of Blood (Portuguese: Batismo de Sangue) is a 2006 Brazilian film directed by Helvécio Ratton, based on Frei Betto's book of the same name.	Baptism of Blood	Helvécio Ratton
director	Story of a Cloistered Nun (Italian: Storia di una monaca di clausura, also known as Unholy Convent and Diary of a Cloistered Nun) is a 1973 Italian nunsploitation film directed by Domenico Paolella.	Story of a Cloistered Nun	Domenico Paolella
director	The Taebaek Mountains (Hangul: 태백산맥; RR: Taebaek Sanmaek) is a 1994 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.	The Taebaek Mountains	Im Kwon-taek
director	Matter of Trust is a 1997 independent film directed by Joey Travolta and written by John Penney.	Matter of Trust	Joey Travolta
director	Across the Pacific is a 1942 American spy film set on the eve of the entry of the United States into World War II. The film was directed first by John Huston, then by Vincent Sherman after Huston joined the United States Army Signal Corps.	Across the Pacific	John Huston	Vincent Sherman
director	Attack on a China Mission is a 1900 British short silent drama film, directed by James Williamson, showing some sailors coming to the rescue of the wife of a missionary killed by Boxers.	Attack on a China Mission	James Williamson
director	The World's Greatest Sinner is a 1962 film written, directed, and produced by, and starring noted character actor Timothy Carey.	The World's Greatest Sinner	Timothy Carey
director	Chitrasutram (The Image Threads) is a 2010 Malayalam film, written & directed by Vipin Vijay, produced by Altaf Mazid, Zubeen Ahmad, Sushanta Roy under the banner of Unknown Films.	Chitrasutram	Vipin Vijay
director	Trains of Winnipeg is a film and multimedia art project by Clive Holden, released in stages between 2001 and 2004.	Trains of Winnipeg	Clive Holden
director	I cadetti di Guascogna ((English) The Cadets of Gascony) is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli.	I cadetti di Guascogna	Mario Mattoli
director	Trust of Thieves (German:Trust der Diebe) is a 1929 German silent film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Agnes Esterhazy, Paul Otto and Eva von Berne.	Trust of Thieves	Erich Schönfelder
director	Stop the Pounding Heart is a 2013 documentary drama film written and directed by Roberto Minervini.	Stop the Pounding Heart	Roberto Minervini
director	Ajooba is a 1991 Bollywood fantasy superhero film, produced and directed by Shashi Kapoor and also co-directed by the Soviet filmmaker Gennadi Vasilyev.	Ajooba	Shashi Kapoor
director	Dog's Dialogue (French: Colloque de chiens) is a 1977 French short crime film directed by Raúl Ruiz.	Dog's Dialogue	Raúl Ruiz
director	Go Quiet is a music film directed by Dean DeBlois, featuring acoustic renditions of all nine songs from the 2010 album Go by Jón Þór (Jónsi) Birgisson.	Go Quiet	Dean DeBlois
director	Bhanumati Gari Mogudu (English: Husband of Bhanumati) is a 1987 Telugu, Comedy film produced by D.V.S.Raju on D.V.S.Enterprises banner, directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy.	Bhanumati Gari Mogudu	A. Kodandarami Reddy
director	The God King is a 1974 British-Sri Lankan historical film directed by Lester James Peries.	The God King	Lester James Peries
director	Mutyala Muggu is a 1975 Telugu drama film adaptation of Uttara Ramayana from the writer-director duo of Ramana and Bapu.	Mutyala Muggu	Bapu
director	Take Care of My Cat (Hangul: 고양이를 부탁해; RR: Goyangireul Butakhae) is a 2001 South Korean coming of age film, the feature debut of director Jeong Jae-eun.	Take Care of My Cat	Jeong Jae-eun
director	The Marine 2 is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Roel Reiné, written by Christopher Borrelli and John Chapin Morgan, and produced by Michael Lake.	The Marine 2	Roel Reiné
director	The Gracies and the Birth of Vale Tudo is a documentary film directed by Victor Cesar Bota about the Brazilian Gracie family, who created Brazilian jiu-jitsu and the UFC.	The Gracies and the Birth of Vale Tudo	Victor Cesar Bota
director	Rowdy Ramu is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by M Mani.	Rowdy Ramu	M. Krishnan Nair
director	Az Életbe táncoltatott leány is a 1964 Hungarian film directed by Tamás Banovich.	Az Életbe táncoltatott leány	Tamás Banovich
director	A Quiet Place to Kill (Italian: Paranoia) is a 1969 Italian giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi (released in 1970).	A Quiet Place to Kill	Umberto Lenzi
director	Hellsinki (Finnish: Rööperi) is a 2009 Finnish film directed by Aleksi Mäkelä.	Hellsinki	Aleksi Mäkelä
director	The Supergrass is a 1985 British comedy film written and directed by Peter Richardson.	The Supergrass	Peter Richardson
director	The Move of The Penguin (Italian: La mossa del pinguino, also known as The Penguin's Move) is a 2013 Italian comedy film written and directed by Claudio Amendola, at his directorial debut.	The Move of The Penguin	Claudio Amendola
director	Goodbye Kathmandu is a Nepali movie directed by Nabin Subba.	Goodbye Kathmandu	Nabin Subba
director	Everything I Like (Slovak: Všetko čo mám rád) is a 1993 Slovak drama film directed by Martin Šulík.	Everything I Like	Martin Šulík
director	Mickey's Gala Premier is a Walt Disney cartoon produced in 1933, directed by Burt Gillett, and featuring parodies of several famous Hollywood film actors from the 1930s.	Mickey's Gala Premier	Burt Gillett
director	The Last Mitterrand (French title: Le Promeneur du Champ de Mars) is a 2005 film directed by Robert Guédiguian depicting the final period in the life of an unnamed French President (but the English title suggests the president is François Mitterrand).	The Last Mitterrand	Robert Guédiguian
director	The Caprices of Kitty is a 1915 American comedy silent film directed by Phillips Smalley and written by Elsie Janis.	The Caprices of Kitty	Phillips Smalley
director	Kissi Se Na Kehna (Hindi: किसी से न कहना, Urdu: کسی سے نا کہنا, English: Don't Tell Anyone) 1983 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.	Kissi Se Na Kehna	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
director	April Maadhathil (Tamil: ஏப்ரல் மாதத்தில் ; English: In the month of April) is a 2002 Indian Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by newcomer S. S. Stanley.	April Maadhathil	S. S. Stanley
director	Cam2Cam (also known under the working titles of Darknet and c2c) is a 2014 horror thriller film that was directed by Joel Soisson.	Cam2Cam	Joel Soisson
director	The Conscience of Nhem En is a 26-minute documentary directed by Steven Okazaki, telling the stories of three survivors of the Tuol Sleng Prison.	The Conscience of Nhem En	Steven Okazaki
director	I due maghi del pallone (The two wizards of the ball) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Mariano Laurenti.	I due maghi del pallone	Mariano Laurenti
director	Woman They Almost Lynched is a 1953 American Western film directed by Allan Dwan and written by Steve Fisher.	Woman They Almost Lynched	Allan Dwan
director	Behind Office Doors is a 1931 Pre-Code American drama film directed by Melville W. Brown, from a screenplay by Carey Wilson and J. Walter Ruben, based on Alan Schultz's novel, Private Secretary.	Behind Office Doors	Melville W. Brown
director	``The Chinese Restaurant'' was written by series co-creators Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld and directed by Tom Cherones, who directed all of season two's episodes.	The Chinese Restaurant	Tom Cherones
director	Jiraiya the Hero is a 1921 Japanese silent short film directed by Shōzō Makino.	Jiraiya the Hero	Shōzō Makino
director	Father, Son, and Holy War (Pitra, Putra, aur Dharmayuddha) is a 1995 film by Indian documentary filmmaker Anand Patwardhan.	Father, Son, and Holy War	Anand Patwardhan
director	Olavu Geluvu (Kannada: ಒಲವು ಗೆಲುವು) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S A Srinivas.	Olavu Geluvu	H. R. Bhargava
director	Affæren Birte is a 1945 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Affæren Birte	Lau Lauritzen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	Pantalones cortos (English: Short pants) is a 1949 Argentine black-and-white film, directed by Leopoldo Torres Ríos and written by him and Leopoldo Torre Nilsson.	Pantalones cortos	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
director	Maduveya Mamatheya Kareyole is a 2016 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film written directed by Kaviraj in his directorial debut.	Maduveya Mamatheya Kareyole	Kaviraj
director	Vetri Vizha (Tamil: வெற்றி விழா) is a 1989 Tamil-language film directed by Prathap K. Pothan.	Vetri Vizha	Prathap K. Pothan
director	Misery Harbour is a Norwegian drama by Nils Gaup.	Misery Harbour	Nils Gaup
director	La novia de la Marina (English: Navy's girlfriend) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film, directed by Benito Perojo and written by Gregorio Martinez Sierra and Manuel Alba.	La novia de la Marina	Benito Perojo
director	Murder at the World Series is a 1977 made for TV film starring Lynda Day George, Murray Hamilton, and Karen Valentine and directed by Andrew V. McLaglen.	Murder at the World Series	Andrew V. McLaglen
director	Kannukkul Nilavu (Tamil: கண்ணுக்குள் நிலவு; English: The Moon in my Eyes) is a 2000 Tamil psychological thriller film film written and directed by Fazil.	Kannukkul Nilavu	Fazil
director	Man Exposed (Finnish: Riisuttu mies ) is a Finnish comedy-drama film directed by Aku Louhimies starring Samuli Edelman, Mikko Kouki and Matleena Kuusniemi.	Man Exposed	Aku Louhimies
director	21-87 is a 1963 Canadian abstract collage film created by Arthur Lipsett that lasts 9 minutes and 33 seconds.	21-87	Arthur Lipsett
director	Love Between the Raindrops (Czech: Lásky mezi kapkami deště) is a 1979 Czech comedy film directed by Karel Kachyňa.	Love Between the Raindrops	Karel Kachyňa
director	Strangers' Meeting is a 1957 crime drama film directed by Robert Day.	Strangers' Meeting	Robert Day
director	Départ de Jérusalem en chemin de fer (translated into English as Leaving Jerusalem by Railway) is an 1897 film directed by Alexandre Promio and released by the Lumière brothers.	Départ de Jérusalem en chemin de fer	Alexandre Promio
director	Debi is a 2005 devotional Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Mukul Sarkar.	Debi	Swapan Saha
director	Kakkothikkavile Appooppan Thaadikal (Malayalam: കാക്കോത്തിക്കാവിലെ അപ്പൂപ്പൻ താടികൾ) is a 1988 Malayalam film directed by Kamal.	Kakkothikkavile Appooppan Thaadikal	Kamal
director	Dragonfly Squadron is an American Korean War war film by Lesley Selander from 1954 It is set in the period shortly before and during the invasion of South Korea by North Korean troops.	Dragonfly Squadron	Lesley Selander
director	Meetha Zahar (Sweet Poison) is a 1938 Hindi/Urdu social drama film directed by Sohrab Modi for his Minerva Movietone productions.	Meetha Zahar	Sohrab Modi
director	La Difficulté d'être infidèle (Italian: I piaceri coniugali) is a 1964 French-Italian film directed by Bernard Toublanc-Michel.	La Difficulté d'être infidèle	Bernard Toublanc-Michel
director	Weekend Getaway is a 2012 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Desmond Elliot, starring Genevieve Nnaji, Uti Nwachukwu, Ini Edo and Ramsey Nouah.	Weekend Getaway	Desmond Elliot
director	Troublesome Night 5 is a 1999 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Herman Yau.	Troublesome Night 5	Herman Yau
director	Sekal Has to Die (Czech: Je třeba zabít Sekala, Polish: Zabić Sekala) is a 1998 Czech film directed by Vladimír Michálek.	Sekal Has to Die	Vladimír Michálek
director	Up to the Neck is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Ralph Lynn, Winifred Shotter and Francis Lister.	Up to the Neck	Jack Raymond
director	By the Bluest of Seas (Russian: У самого синего моря, U samogo sinego morya) is a 1936 Soviet romantic comedy film by Russian director Boris Barnet.	By the Bluest of Seas	Boris Barnet
director	Awakening of the Beast (Portuguese: O Despertar da Besta, also released as O Ritual dos Sádicos) is a 1970 Brazilian horror/exploitation film directed by José Mojica Marins.	Awakening of the Beast	José Mojica Marins
director	Satan Triumphant (Russian: Сатана ликующий, translit. Satana likuyushchiy) is a 1917 silent film in Russian directed by Yakov Protazanov.	Satan Triumphant	Yakov Protazanov
director	Raja Hindustani (translation: Indian King) is a 1996 Indian Hindi drama romance film directed by Dharmesh Darshan.	Raja Hindustani	Dharmesh Darshan
director	Sound Thoma (Malayalam : സൗണ്ട് തോമ) is a 2013 Malayalam comedy film directed by Vyshakh.	Sound Thoma	Vyshakh
director	Gone, Gone Forever Gone (Vietnamese: Gate, gate, paragate) is a 1996 Vietnamese drama film directed by Hồ Quang Minh.	Gone, Gone Forever Gone	Hồ Quang Minh
director	Our Lady of the Sphere is a 1972 experimental film directed by Larry Jordan.	Our Lady of the Sphere	Larry Jordan
director	The Punk Singer is a 2013 documentary film directed by filmmaker Sini Anderson and produced by Anderson and Tamra Davis.	The Punk Singer	Sini Anderson
director	God's Sentence (Portuguese: Sentença de Deus) is an unfinished Brazilian western film project developed between 1954 and 1956, directed by José Mojica Marins.	God's Sentence	José Mojica Marins
director	Color of the Cross is a 2006 religious film written by, directed by, and starring Jean-Claude La Marre.	Color of the Cross	Jean-Claude La Marre
director	The BRD Trilogy (German: BRD-Trilogie) consists of three films directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder:	BRD Trilogy	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
director	Lady Godiva of Coventry is an American historical drama film, directed by Arthur Lubin and released in 1955.	Lady Godiva of Coventry	Arthur Lubin
director	His Trust is a 1911 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.	His Trust	D. W. Griffith
director	Saladin the Victorious (Arabic: الناصر صلاح الدين‎, translit. Al Nasser Salah Ad-Din) is a 1963 Egyptian film, written by Youssef El Sebai, based on the novel by Naguib Mahfouz and directed by Youssef Chahine.	Saladin the Victorious	Youssef Chahine
director	Marguerite de la nuit (US title: Marguerite of the Night) is a 1955 French language motion picture fantasy drama directed by Claude Autant-Lara, and written by Ghislaine Autant-Lara (screenplay & dialogue) and Gabriel Arout (adaptation), based on novel by Pierre Dumarchais.	Marguerite de la nuit	Claude Autant-Lara
director	L.A. Tool & Die is a 1979 American pornographic film directed by Tim Kincaid, better known as Joe Gage.	L.A. Tool & Die	Tim Kincaid
director	Finding Mercy is a 2013 Nigerian drama film produced and directed by Desmond Elliot, and starring Rita Dominic, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Uti Nwachukwu and Chioma Chukwuka.	Finding Mercy	Desmond Elliot
director	Fly High Run Far (Hangul: 개벽; RR: Gaebyeok) is a 1991 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.	Fly High Run Far	Im Kwon-taek
director	Wings of Chance is a 1961 American/Canadian action / drama film directed by Eddie Dew based on a story by John Patrick Gillese.	Wings of Chance	Eddie Dew
director	The Black Chapel is a 1959 political fiction thriller film directed by Ralph Habib.	The Black Chapel	Ralph Habib
director	Grandma Threading her Needle is a 1900 British short silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring a grandma trying to get a thread though a needle.	Grandma Threading her Needle	George Albert Smith
director	Bootmen is a 2000 Australian comedy-drama film, directed by Dein Perry.	Bootmen	Dein Perry
director	One Evening After the War (French: Un soir apres la guerre, Khmer: រាត្រីមួយក្រោយសង្គ្រាម) is a 1998 Cambodian drama film, directed and co-written by Rithy Panh.	One Evening After the War	Rithy Panh
director	Jhummandi Naadam is a 2010 Telugu film produced by Lakshmi Manchu and directed by veteran K. Raghavendra Rao.	Jhummandi Naadam	K. Raghavendra Rao
director	Butter on the Latch is a 2013 experimental psychological thriller/drama film written, produced, and directed by Josephine Decker.	Butter on the Latch	Josephine Decker
director	Trikal (1985) (Past, Present and Future) is an Indian movie written and directed by Shyam Benegal, set in Goa during the early 1960s (pre liberation) Period.	Trikal	Shyam Benegal
director	Mr. Love is a 1985 British comedy film directed by Roy Battersby and starring Barry Jackson, Maurice Denham and Margaret Tyzack.	Mr. Love	Roy Battersby
director	Nadie dijo nada is a 1971 Chilean drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz.	Nadie dijo nada	Raúl Ruiz
director	Symphony of Silence (Armenian: Լռության սիմֆոնիա); is a 2001 Armenian film directed by Vigen Chaldranyan.	Symphony of Silence	Vigen Chaldranyan
director	I'm Not Scared (Italian: Io non ho paura) is a 2003 Italian crime mystery thriller film directed by Gabriele Salvatores.	I'm Not Scared	Gabriele Salvatores
director	Goodnight, Sweet Marilyn is a film from Larry Buchanan which is a follow-up to his 1976 film, Goodbye, Norma Jean, and starred Misty Rowe reprising her role as the young Marilyn Monroe.	Goodnight, Sweet Marilyn	Larry Buchanan
director	Springtime in a Small Town (Chinese: 小城之春; pinyin: Xiǎochéng zhī chūn) is a 2002 Chinese film directed by Tian Zhuangzhuang.	Springtime in a Small Town	Tian Zhuangzhuang
director	Kala Bazaar (The Black Market) is a 1989 Hindi film directed by Rakesh Roshan.	Kala Bazaar	Rakesh Roshan
director	The Scientific Cardplayer is the English language title of a 1972 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Comencini.	The Scientific Cardplayer	Luigi Comencini
director	The Miser's Doom is an 1899 British short film directed by Walter R. Booth.	The Miser's Doom	Walter R. Booth
director	The Spellbinder is a 1939 American drama film directed by Jack Hively and written by Thomas Lennon and Joseph Fields.	The Spellbinder	Jack Hively
director	Undercover X is a 2001 action-adventure film that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw.	Undercover X	Scott Shaw
director	Voices from the Camps is a 2012 British documentary film directed by Hannan Majid and Richard York.	Voices from the Camps	Hannan Majid
director	Lady Beware is a 1987 American thriller film, directed by Karen Arthur.	Lady Beware	Karen Arthur
director	South Sea Rose is a 1929 American comedy-drama filmdistributed by the Fox Film Corporation and produced and directed by Allan Dwan.	South Sea Rose	Allan Dwan
director	Ethnic Notions is a 1987 documentary film directed by Marlon Riggs.	Ethnic Notions	Marlon Riggs
director	Tomorrow's Children is a 1934 American film directed by Crane Wilbur which protests against the eugenic policies then in force in many states.	Tomorrow's Children	Crane Wilbur
director	Forbidden Relations (Hungarian: Visszaesők) is a 1983 Hungarian drama film directed by Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács.	Forbidden Relations	Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács
director	Madame Pinkette & Co is a 1917 Dutch silent crime film directed by Maurits Binger.	Madame Pinkette & Co	Maurits Binger
director	Anaganaga O Dheerudu (English: Once Upon a Warrior) is a 2011 Indian Telugu fantasy-adventure film directed by debutant Prakash Kovelamudi in his first mainstream film.	Anaganaga O Dheerudu	Prakash Kovelamudi
director	Kung Fu Mahjong (Chinese: 雀聖) is a 2005 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing and Billy Chung.	Kung Fu Mahjong	Wong Jing	Billy Chung
director	Mr. Boogedy is a 1986 made-for-television family film, directed by Oz Scott and written by Michael Janover, which originally aired as an episode of ``The Disney Sunday Movie.''	Mr. Boogedy	Oz Scott
director	Chess Fever (Russian: Шахматная горячка, Shakhmatnaya goryachka) is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Nikolai Shpikovsky.	Chess Fever	Vsevolod Pudovkin
director	Caliche sangriento (i.e. Bloody Nitrate) is a Chilean movie of 1969 and the first one directed by Helvio Soto.	Caliche sangriento	Helvio Soto
director	Doomed Battalion is a 1932 American drama film directed by Cyril Gardner and written by Karl Hartl, Patrick Kearney, Paul Perez and Luis Trenker.	Doomed Battalion	Cyril Gardner
director	Pathimoonam Number Veedu, also known as 13am Number Veedu, is a 1990 Tamil horror film directed by Baby.	Pathimoonam Number Veedu	Baby
director	Rhino! is a 1964 American action film directed by Ivan Tors and written by Art Arthur and Arthur Weiss.	Rhino!	Ivan Tors
director	Undercover Christmas is a 2003 American Canadian television film directed by Nadia Tass.	Undercover Christmas	Nadia Tass
director	The House on 92nd Street is a 1945 black-and-white American spy film directed by Henry Hathaway.	The House on 92nd Street	Henry Hathaway
director	Jaanu is a 2012 Kannada action-romance film directed by Preetham Gubbi and produced by Jayanna combines.	Jaanu	Preetham Gubbi
director	Savaale Samaali is an 2015 Indian Tamil comedy drama film written and directed by Sathyasiva.	Savaale Samaali	Sathyasiva
director	Behind Stone Walls is a 1932 American Pre-Code film directed by Frank R. Strayer.	Behind Stone Walls	Frank R. Strayer
director	Broke Sky is a 2007 neo-noir 35 millimeter film, and the directorial debut of cinematographer Thomas L. Callaway.	Broke Sky	Thomas L. Callaway
director	The Chinese Ring is a 1947 American film directed by William Beaudine.	The Chinese Ring	William Beaudine
director	The Black Shield of Falworth is a 1954 film made by Universal-International, produced by Robert Arthur and Melville Tucker and directed by Rudolph Maté.	The Black Shield of Falworth	Rudolph Maté
director	The Man from Yesterday is a 1932 American Pre-Code romantic war drama film made by Paramount Pictures, directed by Berthold Viertel, and written by Oliver H.P. Garrett, bases on story by Neil Blackwell and Rowland G. Edwards.	The Man from Yesterday	Berthold Viertel
director	The Fairy Who Didn't Want to Be a Fairy Anymore is a Canadian musical comedy-drama short film directed by Laurie Lynd, which premiered at the 1992 Toronto International Film Festival before going into wider release in 1993.	The Fairy Who Didn't Want to Be a Fairy Anymore	Laurie Lynd
director	Klanta Aparahna(1985) (Odia: କ୍ଲାଂତ ଅପରାହ୍ନ, English Tired Afternoon) is a contemporary Oriya film directed by Manmohan Mahapatra, story of everyday life in a small village in Orissa.	Klanta Aparahna	Manmohan Mahapatra
director	The Season of Men (Arabic: موسم الرجال (فيلم)‎, translit. Maussim al-rijal, French: La saison des hommes) is a 2000 French-Tunisian drama film directed by Moufida Tlatli.	The Season of Men	Moufida Tlatli
director	Bright Shadow (Persian: سايه روشن‎) is a 1997 Iranian drama film written and directed by Hossein Shahabi (Persian: حسین شهابی)	Bright Shadow	Hossein Shahabi
director	Alias Flequillo is a 1963 black-and-white Argentine comedy film directed by Julio Saraceni and written by Abel Santacruz.	Alias Flequillo	Julio Saraceni
director	The Prophecy of the Lake (La profecía del lago) is an unreleased and lost Bolivian silent feature film, directed by José María Velasco Maidana and completed in 1925.	The Prophecy of the Lake	José María Velasco Maidana
director	Ek Villain (English: One Villain) is a 2014 Indian romantic thriller directed by Mohit Suri.	Ek Villain	Mohit Suri
director	This Is Elvis is a 1981 documentary film directed by Andrew Solt and Malcolm Leo, based on the life of Elvis Presley.	This Is Elvis	Andrew Solt
director	Warsaw Bridge (Catalan: Pont de Varsòvia) is a 1990 feature film by Pere Portabella.	Warsaw Bridge	Pere Portabella
director	Age of Indiscretion is a 1935 American drama film directed by Edward Ludwig and written by Leon Gordon and Otis Garrett.	Age of Indiscretion	Edward Ludwig
dissolved or abolished	As Brandenburg-Küstrin the Neumark formed an independent state of the Holy Roman Empire from 1535 to 1571; after the death of the margrave John, a younger son of Joachim I Nestor, Elector of Brandenburg, it returned to Elector John George, the margrave's nephew and Joachim I Nestor's grandson.	Neumark	1571
dissolved or abolished	The South African Defence Force (SADF) comprised the South African armed forces from 1957 until 1994.	South African Defence Force	1994
dissolved or abolished	However, for more financial stability, Sega began consolidating its studios into six main ones (Sega Wow, Sega AM2, Hitmaker, Amusement Vision, Smilebit, Sonic Team) in 2003, and merged them back into a uniform R&D structure in 2004.	Smilebit	2004
dissolved or abolished	The Reichswehr (English: Empire Defence) formed the military organization of Germany from 1919 until 1935, when it was united with the newly founded Wehrmacht (``Defence Force'').	Reichswehr	1935
dissolved or abolished	Tanjug ceased its operations on 31 October 2015.	Tanjug	31 October 2015
dissolved or abolished	Chapuis-Dornier was a French manufacturer of proprietary engines for automobiles from 1904 to 1928 in Puteaux Paris.	Chapuis-Dornier	1928
dissolved or abolished	The Croatian Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia (Croatian: Hrvatska Republika Herceg-Bosna) was an entity in Bosnia and Herzegovina that existed between 1991 and 1994 during the Bosnian War.	Croatian Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia	1994
dissolved or abolished	Ivey's (J.B. Ivey & Company), a former department store chain, was acquired by Dillard's, Inc. in 1990.	Ivey's	1990
dissolved or abolished	Solms-Laubach was mediatised to Hesse-Darmstadt in 1806.	Solms-Laubach	1806
dissolved or abolished	The Charlotte Rangers, based in Port Charlotte, Florida, were an American minor league baseball team that existed from 1987 through 2002.	Charlotte Rangers	2002
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Tungning (simplified Chinese: 东宁王国; traditional Chinese: 東寧王國; pinyin: Dōngníng Wángguó) or Kingdom of Formosa was a government that ruled part of southwestern Taiwan between 1661 and 1683.	Kingdom of Tungning	1683
dissolved or abolished	A. Fusi & Co., S.p.A. Milano (1932--1957) is an historic brand of motorcycles.	Fusi	1957
dissolved or abolished	Most Woodward's locations were converted to HBCs Bay or Zellers stores by the end of 1993.	Woodward's	1993
dissolved or abolished	The Far Eastern Republic (Russian: Дальневосто́чная Респу́блика, ДВР, tr. Dalnevostochnaya Respublika, DVR; IPA: (dəlʲnʲɪvɐˈstotɕnəjə rʲɪsˈpublʲɪkə)), sometimes called the Chita Republic, was a nominally independent state that existed from April 1920 to November 1922 in the easternmost part of the Russian Far East.	Far Eastern Republic	1922
dissolved or abolished	The Port Huron Border Cats were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the United Hockey League that played from 1996 to 2002.	Port Huron Border Cats	2002
dissolved or abolished	Berbice is a region along the Berbice River in Guyana, which was between 1627 and 1815 a colony of the Netherlands.	Berbice	1815
dissolved or abolished	On 13 January 2010, Blue Wings ceased all operations, filing bankrupt due to the financial crisis which had led to a pull-out of investors.	Blue Wings	2010
dissolved or abolished	The Aeromarine Plane and Motor Company was an early American aircraft manufacturer founded by Inglis M. Upperçu which operated from 1914 to 1930.	Aeromarine	1930
dissolved or abolished	The British Railways Board (BRB) was a nationalised industry in the United Kingdom that operated from 1963 to 2001.	British Railways Board	2001
dissolved or abolished	The Margraviate of Moravia (Czech: Markrabství moravské; German: Markgrafschaft Mähren) or March of Moravia was a marcher state existing from 1182 to 1918 and one of the lands of the Bohemian Crown.	Margraviate of Moravia	1918
dissolved or abolished	On October 5, 1986, the Bamberger's stores adopted the name Macy's New Jersey, and in 1988 Macy's New Jersey was consolidated with sister division Macy's New York to form Macy's Northeast (now Macy's, Inc.).	Bamberger's	1986
dissolved or abolished	The North British and Mercantile Insurance Company was a British-based company founded in 1809 in Edinburgh and absorbed as a subsidiary of the Commercial Union in 1959.	North British and Mercantile Insurance	1959
dissolved or abolished	The United Australia Party (UAP) was an Australian political party that was founded in 1931 and dissolved in 1945.	United Australia Party	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Belgian Congo (French: Congo Belge, Dutch: Belgisch-Congo) was a Belgian colony in Central Africa between 1908 and 1960 in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Belgian Congo	1960
dissolved or abolished	The Homebrew Computer Club was an early computer hobbyist group in Silicon Valley which met from March 5, 1975 to December 1986, and was depicted in the films Pirates of Silicon Valley (1999) and Jobs (2013), as well as the PBS documentary series, Triumph of the Nerds (1996).	Homebrew Computer Club	1986
dissolved or abolished	On 12 September 2013, Blitz Games Studios announced in an official statement that they had ceased trading after 23 years after being unable to secure funds to sustain the business.	Blitz Games	2013
dissolved or abolished	The two branches of the Barakzai dynasty (Translation of Barakzai: sons of Barak) ruled modern day Afghanistan from 1826 to 1973 when the monarchy finally ended under Mohammad Zahir Shah.	Barakzai dynasty	1973
dissolved or abolished	Bydgoszcz Department (Polish: Departament bydgoski) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Polish Duchy of Warsaw in years 1806-1815.	Bydgoszcz Department	1815
dissolved or abolished	Both Dayton's and Hudson's retained their individual store names until 2001, when they were united under the Marshall Field's nameplate.	Dayton's	2001
dissolved or abolished	The firm of Herter Brothers, New York, (working 1864--1906), founded by Gustave (1830--1898) and Christian Herter (1839--1883), begun as an upholstery warehouse, became one of the first firms of furniture makers and interior decorators in the United States after the Civil War.	Herter Brothers	1906
dissolved or abolished	Domagojević dynasty was a native Croat dynasty that ruled in the Duchy of Croatia, probably from 864 until 892, with interruptions.	Domagojević dynasty	892
dissolved or abolished	His government too fell in a few months, and in February 1998, the Janata Dal-led coalition lost power to the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Janata Dal	1998
dissolved or abolished	The International Brigades also saw combat in the Battle of Teruel in January 1938.	International Brigades	1938
dissolved or abolished	French Somaliland (French: Côte française des Somalis, lit. ``French Coast of Somalis''; Somali: Dhulka Faransiiska ee Soomaaliya; Arabic: أرض الصومال الفرنسي‎, ʾArḍ Aṣ-Ṣūmāl Al-Fransī) was a French colony in the Horn of Africa.It existed between 1883 and 1967.	French Somaliland	1967
dissolved or abolished	This system was to enjoy enduring favour in point-of-sale systems and was adopted by the IBM 4690 OS. Digital Research was purchased by Novell in 1991, primarily for Novell to gain access to the operating system line.	Digital Research	1991
dissolved or abolished	Dutch Brazil, also known as New Holland, was the northern portion of Brazil, ruled by the Dutch during the Dutch colonization of the Americas between 1630 and 1654.	Dutch Brazil	1654
dissolved or abolished	In 2004, SouthTrust reached an agreement to merge with Wachovia in a stock-for-stock deal.	SouthTrust	2004
dissolved or abolished	The Akron Pros were a professional football team that played in Akron, Ohio from 1908 to 1926.	Akron Pros	1926
dissolved or abolished	The Cisalpine Republic (Italian: Repubblica Cisalpina) was a Sister Republic of France in Northern Italy that lasted from 1797 to 1802.	Cisalpine Republic	1802
dissolved or abolished	The Province of Silesia (German: Provinz Schlesien; Polish: Prowincja Śląska; Silesian: Prowincyjŏ Ślōnskŏ) was a province of the German Kingdom of Prussia, existing from 1815 to 1919, when it was divided into the Upper and Lower Silesia provinces, and briefly again from 1938 to 1941.	Province of Silesia	1941
dissolved or abolished	Hurtu was a pioneering French car made by Diligeon et Cie based in Albert, Somme from 1896 to 1930.	Hurtu	1930
dissolved or abolished	Citizen Force Party (Spanish: Fuerza Ciudadana, FC) was a Mexican political party that had legal registry between 2002 and 2003, their postulates did not fit within the traditional political phantom of left or right, but that it looked for to be one more an option for the citizen policy.	Citizen Force Party	2003
dissolved or abolished	Wied was partitioned twice: between itself and Wied-Dierdorf in 1631, and between Wied-Neuwied and Wied-Runkel in 1698.	Wied	1698
educated at	Barbara Ketcham Wheaton, born in Philadelphia in 1931, is a writer, a noted food historian, and since 1990 the honorary curator of the culinary collection at the Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe College, one of the largest U. S. collections of books and manuscripts relating to cooking and the social history of food.	Barbara Ketcham Wheaton	Radcliffe College
educated at	Adolfo Camilo Díaz studied History in the University of Oviedo.	Adolfo Camilo Díaz	University of Oviedo
educated at	Marmaduke Barton FRCM (29 December 1865 -- 24 July 1938) was an English pianist, composer and teacher at the Royal College of Music for almost 50 years.	Marmaduke Barton	Royal College of Music
educated at	François Duprat was born on 26 October 1940, in Ajaccio, Corsica, and was educated in Bayonne, Toulouse, at the prestigious Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris.	François Duprat	Lycée Louis-le-Grand
educated at	Vincent J. Cardinal (born August 9, 1960 in Ashtabula, Ohio) is a graduate of Yale School of Drama.	Vincent J. Cardinal	Yale School of Drama
employer	Thomas Welton CChem FRSC (born 1964) is a Professor of Sustainable Chemistry at Imperial College London who became the Dean of the Faculty of Natural Sciences in 2015 following his resignation as head of the chemistry department in 2014.	Thomas Welton	Imperial College London
employer	Wen-mei Hwu is a professor at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign specializing in compiler design, computer architecture, computer microarchitecture, and parallel processing.	Wen-mei Hwu	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	Professor Alexander William Bickerton (7 January 1842 -- 21 January 1929) was the first professor of Chemistry at Canterbury College (now called the University of Canterbury) in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Alexander William Bickerton	University of Canterbury
employer	Brett Maluwelmeng is also a coach of the Guam women's national football team.	Brett Maluwelmeng	Guam women's national football team
employer	In 2007 José Cura was appointed visiting professor of the Royal Academy of Music in London.	José Cura	Royal Academy of Music
employer	David Bollard was in 1970 a staff member at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music, and from 1970 to 1979 was an Artist-in-Residence at the University of Western Australia, where he collaborated with musicians like Alfredo Campoli, André Tchaikowsky, Jane Manning, Rohan de Saram and the Alberni String Quartet.	David Bollard	Sydney Conservatorium of Music
employer	Nobutaka Ike (June 6, 1916 -- December 15, 2005) was a Stanford University professor of Japanese and East Asian politics.	Nobutaka Ike	Stanford University
employer	Stanko Kotnik (23 June 1928 -- 3 July 2004) was a Slovene professor of Slavic studies who taught methods of teaching Slovene language and literature at the University of Maribor.	Stanko Kotnik	University of Maribor
employer	John L. Kelley (December 6, 1916, Kansas -- November 26, 1999, Berkeley, California) was an American mathematician at University of California, Berkeley who worked in general topology and functional analysis.	John L. Kelley	University of California, Berkeley
employer	William A. Wimsatt (born July 28, 1917 -- died, January 9, 1985) was professor of Zoology and Chairman of the Department of Zoology at Cornell University.	William A. Wimsatt	Cornell University
employer	Mark H. Ashcraft is the chair of the Department of Psychology at the University of Nevada Las Vegas.	Mark H. Ashcraft	University of Nevada Las Vegas
employer	Dr. Jacques Morcos MD is a professor of neurosurgery in the Department of Neurological Surgery and Otolaryngology at the University of Miami and serves as the director of skull base and endoscopic surgery and cerebrovascular surgery.	Jacques Morcos	University of Miami
employer	Nadia Younes (June 13, 1946 - August 19, 2003) was an Egyptian national who spent her entire career, for over 33 years, in the United Nations (UN) and the World Health Organization, rising to high-level posts in a variety of areas.	Nadia Younes	United Nations
employer	David C. King is an American author, political consultant and professor at Harvard University.	David C. King	Harvard University
employer	Kevin Zhu is a full professor of innovation and technology at the Rady School of Management, University of California, San Diego (UCSD).	Kevin Zhu	University of California, San Diego
employer	Frank Schirrmacher (5 September 1959 -- 12 June 2014) was a German journalist, literature expert and essayist, writer, and from 1994 co-publisher of the national German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung.	Frank Schirrmacher	Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung
employer	David Sturtevant Ruder (born May 25, 1929) is the William W. Gurley Memorial Professor of Law Emeritus at Northwestern University School of Law, where he has served on the faculty since 1961, and where he served as dean from 1977 to 1985.	David Sturtevant Ruder	Northwestern University
employer	Since 1996 Rudi Cerne has worked for ZDF, Germany's other public broadcaster.	Rudi Cerne	ZDF
employer	Justice Janaki Amma (1920--2005), popularly known as Justice P. Janaki Amma, is a former judge of the Kerala High Court.	Janaki Amma	Kerala High Court
employer	In 1975 he wrote an autobiography titled Roland Barthes and in 1977 he was elected to the chair of Sémiologie Littéraire at the Collège de France.	Roland Barthes	Collège de France
employer	Wolfgang Drobetz (born February 26, 1971) is an economist at the University of Hamburg.	Wolfgang Drobetz	University of Hamburg
employer	Professor Ernest Arthur Bell CB (1926--2006) was Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew from 1981 to 1988, the first biochemist to be appointed to the post.	Ernest Arthur Bell	Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew
employer	Valerie Sanderson (born 1960, Nottingham) is one of the main presenters of The Newsroom (and previously World Briefing) on the BBC World Service.	Valerie Sanderson	BBC
employer	Laird A. Thompson (born 6 September 1947), is a professor of astronomy at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Laird A. Thompson	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	Rafael E. Núñez is a professor of cognitive science at the University of California, San Diego and a proponent of embodied cognition.	Rafael E. Núñez	University of California, San Diego
employer	James W. Valentine is an American evolutionary biologist and Professor Emeritus in the Department of Integrative Biology at the University of California, Berkeley.	James W. Valentine	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Claude Verlon (6 July 1958 -- 2 November 2013), a 30-year veteran, French journalist and sound engineer with Radio France Internationale, was killed along with his colleague Ghislaine Dupont in Kidal, Mali while reporting.	Claude Verlon	Radio France Internationale
employer	Joy Worth was a BBC radio presenter, active in the 1940s and 1950s, who appeared as a ``castaway'' on the BBC Radio programme Desert Island Discs on 17 Oct 1952.	Joy Worth	BBC
employer	Kamal Asgar (Asgarzadeh) (Persian: کمال اصغرزاده‎), AB, BS, ChE, MS, PhD, (August 28, 1922 - July 8, 2012) was the Professor of Dentistry in the Department of Biomaterials, University of Michigan.	Kamal Asgar	University of Michigan
employer	Ian Callum is a British car designer who has worked for Ford, TWR, Aston Martin, and is currently the Director of Design for Jaguar Cars.	Ian Callum	Jaguar Cars
employer	Leonard Beeghley (born December 14, 1946) is Professor Emeritus of sociology at the University of Florida since 1975.	Leonard Beeghley	University of Florida
employer	A former dean of Brandeis University and Boston University and director of residential life at the University of New Hampshire, David Bianco co-founded Elderhostel, Inc. in 1975 with Martin Knowlton.	David Bianco	Brandeis University
employer	Lothar Höbelt (born 30 June 1956 in Vienna) is an Austrian historian and adjunct professor of Modern History at the University of Vienna.	Lothar Höbelt	University of Vienna
employer	George W. McClusky or McCluskey (1861 -- December 17, 1912) was an American law enforcement officer and police inspector in the New York City Police Department.	George W. McClusky	New York City Police Department
employer	Sallie Foley, LMSW is the director of the University of Michigan Sexual Health Certificate Program for the center for sexual health/University of Michigan Health System/Department of Social Work and the Graduate School of Social Work.	Sallie Foley	University of Michigan
employer	Roger Hearing is a journalist and news presenter with the BBC World Service.	Roger Hearing	BBC
employer	Emory Leon Chaffee (April 15, 1885 -- March 8, 1975) was an American physicist and a former professor at Harvard University from 1911 to 1953.	Emory Leon Chaffee	Harvard University
employer	In 2004, Johann Vexo was granted the position of organist for the Choir Organ of the Cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris.	Johann Vexo	Notre-Dame de Paris
employer	Lawrence Buell (born 1939) is Powell M. Cabot Professor of American Literature Emeritus at Harvard University, specialist on antebellum American literature and a pioneer of Ecocriticism.	Lawrence Buell	Harvard University
employer	Matthias Bertsch (born 1966 in Lichtenau) is a German-born Austrian musicologist, musician and professor at the University of Music and Performing Arts in Vienna.	Matthias Bertsch	University of Music and Performing Arts
employer	Susan Sandler is an American writer and currently a professor at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.	Susan Sandler	New York University
employer	Mary McNamara (born 1963) is an American journalist and television critic for the Los Angeles Times.	Mary McNamara	Los Angeles Times
employer	Charles A. Reich (born May 20, 1928) is an American legal and social scholar as well as writer who was a Professor at Yale Law School when he wrote the 1970 paean to the 1960s counterculture and youth movement, The Greening of America.	Charles A. Reich	Yale Law School
employer	James Samuel Coleman (May 12, 1926 -- March 25, 1995) was an American sociologist, theorist, and empirical researcher, based chiefly at the University of Chicago.	James Samuel Coleman	University of Chicago
employer	Stephen M. Jones (born 1960) is an American professor of music composition at Brigham Young University (BYU) and currently Dean of the BYU College of Fine Arts and Communications.	Stephen M. Jones	Brigham Young University
employer	Darlene Grant is a former associate professor in the School of Social work and an associate dean of graduate studies at the University of Texas at Austin.	Darlene Grant	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Éliane Duthoit (born 1946 in Brittany), a French citizen, is a senior United Nations official at the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA).	Éliane Duthoit	United Nations
employer	Calvin Barth Netterfield (born 29 April 1968), known as Barth Netterfield, is a Canadian astrophysicist, and a Professor in the Department of Astronomy and the Department of Physics at the University of Toronto.	Barth Netterfield	University of Toronto
employer	Ingemar Ståhl (June 2, 1938--February 6, 2014) was a Swedish economist and an economics professor from Lund University.	Ingemar Ståhl	Lund University
employer	J. Spencer Fluhman is a professor of history at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah.	J. Spencer Fluhman	Brigham Young University
employer	Arthur Stanley Mackenzie (September 20, 1865 -- October 2, 1938) was a Canadian physicist and University President, born at Pictou, Nova Scotia, and educated at Dalhousie University, Halifax, and Johns Hopkins.	Arthur Stanley Mackenzie	Dalhousie University
employer	Johann Sebastian von Drey (16 October 1777 -- 19 February 1853) was a German Catholic professor of theology at the University of Tübingen.	Johann Sebastian von Drey	University of Tübingen
employer	Jeffrey Karl Ochsner (born 1950) is an architect, architectural historian, and professor at the University of Washington in Seattle.	Jeffrey Karl Ochsner	University of Washington
employer	Dawn Dunlap (born 17 May 1963) is an American actress best known for her appearance as Laura in David Hamilton's Laura.	Dawn Dunlap	David Hamilton
employer	Royal Alexander Brink (16 September 1897 -- 2 October 1984), also known as R. A. Brink, was a Canadian-born plant geneticist and plant breeder at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Royal Alexander Brink	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Charles Norris Cochrane (August 21, 1889 -- November 23, 1945) was a Canadian historian and philosopher who taught at the University of Toronto.	Charles Norris Cochrane	University of Toronto
employer	Daniel Poohl, (born 11 August 1981 in Vänersborg) is a Swedish editor-in-chief for the Expo magazine.	Daniel Poohl	Expo
employer	Mark A. Johnson is an American physical chemist and a professor of chemistry at Yale University.	Mark A. Johnson	Yale University
employer	Stephen T. Asma (born 1966) is Professor of Philosophy and Distinguished Scholar at Columbia College Chicago.	Stephen T. Asma	Columbia College Chicago
employer	Jacob K. Olupona is Professor of African Religious Traditions and Chair of the Committee on African studies at the Harvard Divinity School with a joint appointment as Professor of African and African American Studies in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences at Harvard University.	Jacob K. Olupona	Harvard University
employer	As of 2014, Igor Sutyagin is a Research Fellow at the Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies in London.	Igor Sutyagin	Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies
employer	Ziony Zevit (born February 13, 1942) is an American scholar of biblical literature and Northwest Semitic languages and a professor at American Jewish University.	Ziony Zevit	American Jewish University
employer	Jack Halberstam (born December 15, 1961), also known as Judith Halberstam, is the Professor of English and Director of The Center for Feminist Research at University of Southern California (USC).	Jack Halberstam	University of Southern California
employer	Oluseyi Bajulaiye, a national of Nigeria, is a senior United Nations official with a background in the UNHCR activities dealing with refugees and humanitarian programs Since 2005, he is the Deputy Resident Coordinator and Humanitarian Coordinator in the Sudan.	Oluseyi Bajulaiye	United Nations
employer	Ana Maria Carvalho is a Brazilian sociolinguist and a professor of linguistics within the Department of Spanish and Portuguese at the University of Arizona.	Ana Maria Carvalho	University of Arizona
employer	Until his retirement, Magdi Youssef was Professor of Comparative Literature and Drama Studies at the Faculty of Arts at Cairo University (from the mid-1980s-2005).	Magdi Youssef	Cairo University
employer	David Sewart is a former Director of Student Services and Professor in Distance Education for the British Open University (OU), where he was employed from 1971 until retirement in 2004.	David Sewart	Open University
employer	Joseph J. Talavage was a Professor of Industrial Engineering at Purdue University.	Joseph J. Talavage	Purdue University
employer	Michael J. Lambert (born July 17, 1944) is a psychology professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) who specializes in mood measuring and behavior change.	Michael J. Lambert	Brigham Young University
employer	Walter V. Shipley (born November 2, 1935) was the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chase Manhattan Bank and its predecessor Chemical Bank.	Walter V. Shipley	Chemical Bank
employer	Sam Rubin is an American journalist who serves as the entertainment reporter for the KTLA Morning News and as a correspondent for ReelzChannel production Hollywood Dailies.	Sam Rubin	KTLA	ReelzChannel
employer	Calisto Tanzi (Collecchio, November 17, 1938) is an Italian businessman notorious for embezzling an estimated eight-hundred million euros from Italian company Parmalat, founded by him, resulting in a great loss for the company.	Calisto Tanzi	Parmalat
employer	Shelly Kagan is the Clark Professor of Philosophy at Yale University and the former Henry R. Luce Professor of Social Thought and Ethics.	Shelly Kagan	Yale University
employer	Simon Shaw-Miller (born 1960) is the professor of history of art at the University of Bristol.	Simon Shaw-Miller	University of Bristol
employer	Lorenzo Sumulong (September 5, 1905 -- October 21, 1997) was a Filipino politician who served in the Philippine Senate for four decades, and as a delegate of his country to the United Nations.	Lorenzo Sumulong	United Nations
employer	Gilles Fauconnier (French pronunciation: ​(ʒil fokɔˈnje)) (born 19 August 1944) is a French linguist, researcher in cognitive science, and author, currently working in the U.S. He is a professor at the University of California, San Diego, in the Department of Cognitive Science.	Gilles Fauconnier	University of California, San Diego
employer	Josep Torrellas (Montblanc, 1963) is Professor and Willett Faculty Scholar in the Department of Computer Science and a research faculty for the Universal Parallel Computing Research Center at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Josep Torrellas	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	Doreen Kimura (born Doreen Goebel 1933 (in Winnipeg, Manitoba)-February 27, 2013) was a Canadian psychologist who was professor at Simon Fraser University.	Doreen Kimura	Simon Fraser University
employer	Jane Miller was born in New York and currently lives in Tucson, Arizona where she teaches creative writing at the University of Arizona.	Jane Miller	University of Arizona
employer	She presents BBC One's BBC World News, BBC Breakfast and Victoria Derbyshire with Naga Munchetty regularly from when she presented BBC Two's weekday financial affairs programme Working Lunch.	Naga Munchetty	BBC
employer	Søren Gosvig Olesen (born 1956) is an associate professor in philosophy at the University of Copenhagen and has written extensively in the tradition of continental philosophy as well as translating a number of philosophers central to this tradition:	Søren Gosvig Olesen	University of Copenhagen
employer	Hélène Bouchet (born 1980) is a French ballet dancer who joined the Hamburg Ballet in 1998.	Hélène Bouchet	Hamburg Ballet
employer	Françoise Combes was elected professor at Collège de France, chair ``Galaxies & cosmology'' in 2014.	Françoise Combes	Collège de France
employer	Stuart B. Schwartz is the George Burton Adams Professor of History at Yale University, the Chair of the Council of Latin American and Iberian Studies, and the former Master of Ezra Stiles College.	Stuart B. Schwartz	Yale University
employer	Otto Stoll was a professor of ethnology and geography at the University of Zurich who specialized in research of Mayan languages.	Otto Stoll	University of Zurich
employer	Adam S. Radomsky is a Professor in the Department of Psychology at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada.	Adam S. Radomsky	Concordia University
employer	Samuel I. Stupp (b. Jan. 9, 1951 in San José, Costa Rica), is a Board of Trustees Professor of Materials Science, Chemistry, and Medicine at Northwestern University in Chicago, IL.	Samuel I. Stupp	Northwestern University
employer	Long Yifei (Chinese: 龙翼飞; Pinyin: Lóng Yìfēi; born October 1959) is the Associate Dean of Renmin University of China Law School, expert on civil law.	Long Yifei	Renmin University of China Law School
employer	Kristyan Benedict (born 1974 in Lancashire, United Kingdom) is crisis response manager for Amnesty International UK (AIUK).	Kristyan Benedict	Amnesty International
employer	Jens Elmegård Rasmussen (15 March 1944 - 15 May 2013) was associate professor of Indo-European Studies and head of the Roots of Europe research center at the University of Copenhagen from its initiation in 2008 until his death.	Jens Elmegård Rasmussen	University of Copenhagen
employer	Mallica Vajrathon (born 1936) is a sociologist, political scientist and former United Nations Senior Staff member.	Mallica Vajrathon	United Nations
employer	Robert Vilain is Professor of German and Comparative Literature at the University of Bristol, and Warden of Wills Hall.	Robert Vilain	University of Bristol
employer	Ralf Reski (born 18 November 1958 in Gelsenkirchen) is a German Professor of Plant Biotechnology and former Dean of the Faculty of Biology of the University of Freiburg.	Ralf Reski	University of Freiburg
employer	Mary Hammond is an English singer, actress, voice coach and Head of Musical Theatre at the Royal Academy of Music.	Mary Hammond	Royal Academy of Music
employer	Katharine Worth (4 August 1922 -- 28 January 2015) was a British academic, Professor of Drama at Royal Holloway, University of London.	Katharine Worth	Royal Holloway, University of London
employer	Kif Augustine-Adams (born June 14, 1964) is the Charles E. Jones professor of law at Brigham Young University (BYU)'s J. Reuben Clark Law School.	Kif Augustine-Adams	Brigham Young University
employer	Paul S. Martin (born in Allentown, Pennsylvania, 1928 - died in Tucson, Arizona September 13, 2010) was a geoscientist at the University of Arizona who developed the theory that the Pleistocene extinction of large mammals worldwide was caused by overhunting by humans.	Paul S. Martin	University of Arizona
employer	Amaney Jamal (born December 30, 1970) is a professor in political science at Princeton University with a focus in Middle Eastern politics.	Amaney Jamal	Princeton University
employer	Pamela Greenwood attended the University of Utah, graduating with a bachelor's degree in music.	Pamela Greenwood	University of Utah
employer	Charles Lee Remington (January 19, 1922 -- May 31, 2007), an entomologist known for studies of butterflies and moths, was a Yale University professor, and is considered the father of modern lepidoptery.	Charles Lee Remington	Yale University
employer	Scott A. Wolpert is a mathematician based in University of Maryland.	Scott A. Wolpert	University of Maryland
employer	Mike Gunton is a British television producer and a senior executive at the BBC Natural History Unit, the world's largest production unit dedicated to wildlife film-making.	Mike Gunton	BBC
employer	Joseph M. Williams (18 August 1933, Cleveland, Ohio -- 22 February 2008, South Haven, Michigan) was a professor in the Department of English Language and Literature at the University of Chicago where he promoted clarity in writing for many years.	Joseph M. Williams	University of Chicago
employer	Sytse Strijbos (born 1944) is a Dutch academic, former lecturer of Philosophy of technology at the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam and at Potchefstroom University in South Africa, and chairman of the International Institute for Development and Ethics IIDE, known for his work on systems science.	Sytse Strijbos	Vrije Universiteit
employer	Adding Jerry Fodor to the faculty at Rutgers (University) instantly put it on the map, Fodor being by common consent the leading philosopher of mind in the world today.	Jerry Fodor	Rutgers (University
employer	Charles Townsend Harrison (11 February 1942 -- 6 August 2009), BA Hons (Cantab), MA (Cantab), PhD (London) was a prominent UK art historian who taught Art History for many years and was Emeritus Professor of History and Theory of Art at the Open University.	Charles Townsend Harrison	Open University
employer	Jeremy Bloxham FRS is a British geophysicist, and Mallinckrodt Professor of Geophysics, at Harvard University.	Jeremy Bloxham	Harvard University
employer	Wendy Kingston (born 27 June 1981, Gold Coast, Queensland) is an Australian journalist and television news presenter with the Nine Network Kingston is currently news presenter on Weekend Today.	Wendy Kingston	Nine Network
employer	H. Clyde Wilson Jr. (May 6, 1926 -- March 30, 2010) was a professor of anthropology at the University of Missouri.	H. Clyde Wilson Jr.	University of Missouri
employer	Earl Black (born 1942) is a professor of Political Science at Rice University and a well-known expert on the politics of the Southern United States, particularly as they relate to race.	Earl Black	Rice University
employer	Florence Ward Stiles (1897--1981) was an American architect and librarian who in 1939 was appointed the first advisor to women students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Florence Ward Stiles	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Sir Richard Peto FRS (born 14 May 1943) is Professor of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology at the University of Oxford, England.	Richard Peto	University of Oxford
employer	Christa Schroeder (born Emilie Christine Schroeder; 19 March 1908 -- 28 June 1984) was one of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler's personal secretaries before and during World War II.	Christa Schroeder	Adolf Hitler
employer	Sir Henry Gee Roberts, K.C.B. (1800--1860), was a major general and political agent who served with British East India Company and afterwards with British Raj in India.	Henry Gee Roberts	East India Company
employer	Dennis Allison is a lecturer at Stanford University, a position he has held since 1976.	Dennis Allison	Stanford University
employer	Rüdiger Grube (born 2 August 1951) is the current vice president of Hyundai Motor Company, the current chairman of the board of Deutsche Bahn and was the Chairman of EADS between April 2007 and April 2009.	Rüdiger Grube	Deutsche Bahn
employer	Howard Strickling (September 25, 1896 -- July 16, 1982) served as head of publicity for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer pictures from the late 1920s into the early 1950s.	Howard Strickling	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
employer	Albert Hazen Wright (born August 15, 1879 in Hilton, New York; died July, 1970) was a professor at Cornell University and a herpetologist.	Albert Hazen Wright	Cornell University
employer	Herbert S. White (born 1927) is Dean Emeritus and Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the School of Library & Information Science at Indiana University, and Adjunct Professor, University of Arizona, Tucson.	Herbert S. White	University of Arizona
employer	Lerato Mbele is a South African journalist and broadcaster working for the BBC.	Lerato Mbele	BBC
employer	Paul R. Pillar is an academic and 28-year veteran of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), serving from 1977 to 2005.	Paul R. Pillar	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	William Ray Forrester (January 14, 1911 -- February 16, 2001) served as the dean of three law schools: (1) Vanderbilt University Law School; (2) Tulane University Law School; and (3) Cornell University Law School.	William Ray Forrester	Vanderbilt University	Tulane University	Cornell University
employer	Alan M. Taylor (born November 15, 1964) is a professor of economics and finance at the University of California, Davis.	Alan M. Taylor	University of California, Davis
employer	Jack Barsky, born Albrecht Dittrich is a former secret agent of the KGB.	Jack Barsky	KGB
employer	Samuel Webber (1759 -- July 17, 1810) was an American clergyman, mathematician, academic, and president of Harvard University from 1806 until his death in 1810.	Samuel Webber	Harvard University
employer	Usha Lee McFarling is an American science reporter who is an Artist In Residence at the University of Washington Department of Communication.	Usha Lee McFarling	University of Washington
employer	Chi-Wang Shu (Chinese: 舒其望, born 1 January 1957) is the Theodore B. Stowell University Professor of Applied Mathematics at the Brown University.	Chi-Wang Shu	Brown University
employer	Paul W. Kahn (born 1952) is the Robert W. Winner Professor of Law and the Humanities at Yale Law School and the Director of the Orville H. Schell, Jr. Center for International Human Rights.	Paul W. Kahn	Yale Law School
employer	Curt John Ducasse (7 July 1881 -- 3 September 1969) was a philosopher who taught at the University of Washington and Brown University.	Curt John Ducasse	University of Washington	Brown University
employer	Richard T. Johnson is a physician and scientist at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.	Richard T. Johnson	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Horst Feistel (January 30, 1915--November 14, 1990) was a German-born cryptographer who worked on the design of ciphers at IBM, initiating research that culminated in the development of the Data Encryption Standard (DES) in the 1970s.	Horst Feistel	IBM
employer	Rodney J. Bartlett, born March 31, 1944 in Memphis, Tennessee, U.S., is Graduate Research Professor of Chemistry and Physics, University of Florida, Gainesville, USA.	Rodney J. Bartlett	University of Florida
employer	Martin Outram studied at Fitzwilliam College at Cambridge University and later at the Royal Academy of Music in London.	Martin Outram	Royal Academy of Music
employer	John Staples Harriott (1780--1839) was a British army officer stationed in India, in the service of the East India Company.	John Staples Harriott	East India Company
employer	Born in Traversetolo, Parma, along with her two sisters Micol Fontana was stylist and co-founder of the Sorelle Fontana fashion house.	Micol Fontana	Sorelle Fontana
employer	Peter Salovey (/ˈsæləveɪ/; born February 21, 1958) is an American social psychologist and current President of Yale University.	Peter Salovey	Yale University
employer	Arnoldo Frigessi di Rattalma (born 1959) is an Italian statistician based in Norway, where he is a professor at the Department of Biostatistics (now called Oslo Centre for Biostatistics and Epidemiology) with the Institute of Basic Medical Research at the University of Oslo.	Arnoldo Frigessi	University of Oslo
employer	Boris Vipper (Latvian: Boriss Vipers, Russian: Борис Робертович Виппер; 3(15).4.1888, Moscow - 24.1.1967, Moscow) was Latvian art historian, Professor at the University of Latvia (1924-1941), Soviet art critic, member of the USSR Russian Academy of Arts.	Boris Vipper	University of Latvia
employer	Jane Wardle FBA FMedSci (30 October 1950 -- 20 October 2015) was a professor of clinical psychology and director of the Cancer Research UK Health Behaviour Research Centre at University College London.	Jane Wardle	University College London
employer	Colin Berry is a British radio disc jockey/presenter and newsreader, best known for his many years at BBC Radio 2.	Colin Berry	BBC
employer	George Oster is an American mathematical biologist, and Professor of Cell and Developmental Biology at University of California, Berkeley.	George Oster	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Klaus-Jürgen Bathe is a Professor of Mechanical Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and founder of ADINA R & D, who specializes in computational mechanics.	Klaus-Jürgen Bathe	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
founder	Breakthrough Initiatives is a program founded and funded by Yuri Milner to search for extraterrestrial intelligence over a span of at least 10 years.	Breakthrough Initiatives	Yuri Milner
founder	Bombardier Recreational Products or BRP is a Canadian company, once part of Bombardier Inc. It was founded in 1942 as L'Auto-Neige Bombardier Limitée (Bombardier Snow Car Limited) by Joseph-Armand Bombardier at Valcourt in the Eastern Townships, Quebec.	Bombardier Recreational Products	Joseph-Armand Bombardier
founder	Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala (Oushada means medicine and Sala is a building or institute) was instituted in 1941 by Eledath Thaikkattu Neelakandan Mooss.	Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala	Eledath Thaikkattu Neelakandan Mooss
founder	ImageMovers is an American film studio run by director Robert Zemeckis.	ImageMovers	Robert Zemeckis
founder	The Fashion Law Institute's founder and academic director is Professor Susan Scafidi, who teaches at Fordham Law School.	Fashion Law Institute	Susan Scafidi
founder	The American Red Cross was established in Washington, D.C. on May 21, 1881, by Clara Barton, who became the first president of the organization.	American Red Cross	Clara Barton
founder	Luvos was established by alternative medicine practitioner Adolf Just in Blankenburg in 1918.	Luvos	Adolf Just
founder	YG Entertainment (Korean: YG 엔터테인먼트) is a South Korean entertainment company founded by Yang Hyun-suk based in Seoul, South Korea.	YG Entertainment	Yang Hyun-suk
founder	The Adbusters Media Foundation is a Canadian-based not-for-profit, anti-consumerist, pro-environment organization founded in 1989 by Kalle Lasn and Bill Schmalz in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Adbusters	Kalle Lasn
founder	The Pan-African Union for Social Democracy (Union Panafricaine pour la Démocratie Sociale, UPADS) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo headed by Pascal Lissouba, who was President from 1992 to 1997.	Pan-African Union for Social Democracy	Pascal Lissouba
founder	In 2010, Ian Gill left his position as President of Ecotrust Canada to assume the role of CEO of the newly founded Ecotrust Australia, operated as a separate yet affiliated organization.	Ecotrust Canada	Ian Gill
founder	The Grand Duchy of Avram is a micronation founded in the early 1980s by Tasmanian John Charlton Rudge, who styles himself the ``Grand Duke of Avram''.	Grand Duchy of Avram	John Charlton Rudge
founder	The Memorable Order of Tin Hats (M.O.T.H.) was founded in 1927 by Charles Evenden as a brotherhood of South African former front-line soldiers.	Memorable Order of Tin Hats	Charles Evenden
founder	The State Policy Network was founded in 1992 by Thomas A. Roe, a South Carolina businessman who was a member of the board of trustees of The Heritage Foundation.	State Policy Network	Thomas A. Roe
founder	Louis Chevrolet and ousted General Motors founder William C. Durant started the company on November 3, 1911 as the Chevrolet Motor Car Company.	Chevrolet	William C. Durant
founder	XMission is the first and is one of the few remaining independent Internet Service Providers (ISP) in Utah, United States, founded in late 1993 by Pete Ashdown.	XMission	Pete Ashdown
founder	AdMob is a mobile advertising company founded by Omar Hamoui.	AdMob	Omar Hamoui
founder	Société Avions Jodel is a French aircraft company started in 1946 by Édouard Joly and his son-in-law Jean Délémontez.	Jodel	Édouard Joly
founder	Fool's Gold Records was founded in 2007 by DJs A-Trak and Nick Catchdubs.	Fool's Gold Records	A-Trak
founder	The Women Under Siege Project was started by Gloria Steinem in 2012 in order to document violence against women taking place during violent conflicts.	Women Under Siege Project	Gloria Steinem
founder	In association with Televisa, the Nuestra Belleza México pageant and organization of the same name is directed by the nation's first Miss Universe titleholder, Lupita Jones (1991).	Nuestra Belleza México	Lupita Jones
founder	Dornier Flugzeugwerke was a German aircraft manufacturer founded in Friedrichshafen in 1914 by Claudius Dornier.	Dornier Flugzeugwerke	Claudius Dornier
founder	Shannon Racing Cars was a Formula One constructor from the United Kingdom with Aiden Jones, formerly a mechanic for Prince Bira and Prince Chula, and Paul Emery as the principals.	Shannon Racing Cars	Paul Emery
founder	North Carolina Central University was founded by James E. Shepard as the National Religious Training School and Chautauqua in the Hayti District.	North Carolina Central University	James E. Shepard
founder	Essel Group is an Indian conglomerate company headed by Subhash Chandra based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Essel Group	Subhash Chandra
founder	Dauer Sportwagen GmbH was a German automotive company founded by former racing driver Jochen Dauer in Nuremberg.	Dauer Sportwagen	Jochen Dauer
founder	Avions Voisin was a French luxury automobile brand established by Gabriel Voisin in 1919 which traded until 1939.	Avions Voisin	Gabriel Voisin
founder	The Kingdom of Araucanía and Patagonia (Spanish: Reino de la Araucanía y de la Patagonia; French: Royaume d'Araucanie et de Patagonie, sometimes referred to as New France) was the name of a proposed state and kingdom conceived in the 19th century by a French lawyer and adventurer named Orélie-Antoine de Tounens.	Kingdom of Araucanía and Patagonia	Orélie-Antoine de Tounens
founder	The Uí Néill (Irish pronunciation: (iː ˈnʲeːl̪ʲ), descendants of Niall) are Irish and Scottish dynasties who claim descent from Niall Noigiallach (Niall of the Nine Hostages), a historical King of Tara who died about 405.	Uí Néill	Niall of the Nine Hostages
founder	As a result of the class, Martin teamed up with Clara Fraser and Melba Windoffer (initiators of the Freedom Socialist Party) and Susan Stern (a prominent figure in the local Students for a Democratic Society) to launch Radical Women in 1967.	Radical Women	Clara Fraser
founder	The Gödel Prize is an annual prize for outstanding papers in the area of theoretical computer science, given jointly by European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS) and the Association for Computing Machinery Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computational Theory (ACM SIGACT).	Gödel Prize	European Association for Theoretical Computer Science	Association for Computing Machinery
founder	Nature Iraq was founded in 2003 by Azzam Alwash, a Iraqi refugee and engineer in the United States who returned to Iraq following the 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Nature Iraq	Azzam Alwash
founder	The Satellite Sentinel Project (SSP) was conceived by George Clooney and Enough Project co-founder John Prendergast during their October 2010 visit to South Sudan.	Satellite Sentinel Project	George Clooney
founder	The Free Funeral Service Society (Burmese: နာရေးကူညီမှုအသင်း, abbreviated FFSS), a civil society organisation based on Yangon, Myanmar, founded by Burmese film director Thukha, provides free funeral services for the poor in Yangon Region.	Free Funeral Service Society	Thukha
founder	The House of FitzJames (or the House of FitzJames-Stuart) is a noble house of Scottish origin founded by James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick, who was the illegitimate son of James II & VII, King of England, Scotland and Ireland, a Catholic monarch from the House of Stuart.	House of FitzJames	James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick
founder	The Jagiellonian University (Polish: Uniwersytet Jagielloński (uniˈvɛrsɨtɛt jaɡiɛ(l)lˈɔɲski), often shortened to UJ; historical names include Studium Generale, University of Kraków, Kraków Academy, The Main Crown School, and Main School of Kraków) is a research university founded in 1364 by Casimir III the Great in Kraków.	Jagiellonian University	Casimir III the Great
founder	SimpsonHaugh and Partners (formerly Ian Simpson Architects) is an English architecture practice established in 1987 by Ian Simpson and Rachel Haugh.	SimpsonHaugh and Partners	Ian Simpson
headquarters location	NexGen Storage is a computer data storage company based in Louisville, Colorado.	NexGen Storage	Louisville
headquarters location	Streamworks International S.A is a privately held company owned by Ocean Group International and headquartered in Luxembourg, Luxembourg, with operational offices located in London, United Kingdom, and New York City, New York, United States.	Streamworks International	Luxembourg
headquarters location	HBK Investments (HBK Capital Management) is a global, multi-strategy alternative investment management firm based in Dallas, Texas.	HBK Investments	Dallas
headquarters location	Novavax is headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland with additional facilities in Rockville, Maryland and Uppsala, Sweden.	Novavax	Gaithersburg
headquarters location	Intermap Technologies (TSX: IMP) is a publicly traded company headquartered in Douglas County, Colorado, United States.	Intermap Technologies	Douglas County
inception	Then, on 1 January 2005, Norway.no was reorganised as a public agency, Norge.no, subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Government Administration, Reform and Church Affairs.	Norge.no	2005
inception	Royal Trux is an American alternative rock band from 1987 to 2001, founded by Neil Hagerty (vocals, guitar) and Jennifer Herrema (vocals).	Royal Trux	1987
inception	Sahand University of Technology was established in 1989 by the approval of the council responsible for development of the universities and higher council of Cultural Revolution.	Sahand University of Technology	1989
inception	Another Place was first exhibited on the beach of Cuxhaven, Germany, in 1997 and after that in Stavanger in Norway and De Panne in Belgium.	Another Place	1997
inception	Ella baila sola (1996) E.B.S. (1998) Marta y Marilia (2000) Grandes éxitos (2001)	Ella baila sola	1996
instrument	Lani McIntire (sometimes spelled Lani McIntyre, 15 December 1904 - 17 June 1951) was a Hawaiian guitar and steel guitar player who helped to popularize the instrument, which eventually became a mainstay in American country and western music.	Lani McIntyre	guitar
instrument	Karl Seglem (born 8 July 1961 in Årdalstangen, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (saxophone and bukkehorn), composer and producer, known from a series of combined jazz and traditional music releases, as well as leading his own record label NorCD from 1991.	Karl Seglem	saxophone	bukkehorn
instrument	Born in New York City (his father's father was from the Bahamas) and raised in Newark, New Jersey, Grachan Moncur III began playing the cello at the age of nine, and switched to the trombone when he was 11.	Grachan Moncur III	trombone
instrument	Jan Dumée (born April 6, 1965) is a Dutch rock/jazz guitar player, composer and record producer.	Jan Dumée	guitar
instrument	Earl Humphrey learned to play trombone from his grandfather, and joined a traveling circus with his father in 1919.	Earl Humphrey	trombone
instrument	In 1966 after high school Beeb Birtles, initially on lead guitar and harmony vocals, formed his first group, Times Unlimited, with his school mate, John D'Arcy on guitars and vocals; they were joined by Ted Higgins on drums and a bass guitarist.	Beeb Birtles	guitar
instrument	Anthony Plog (born November 13, 1947) is an American conductor, composer and trumpet player.	Anthony Plog	trumpet
instrument	Per-Olov Kindgren (born June 10, 1956 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a Swedish classical guitarist, composer and music teacher known for his classical guitar playing, ranging from Bach to The Beatles.	Per-Olov Kindgren	guitar
instrument	Jörg Fischer (born 4 July 1957) is a German guitar player, primarily known for his work with Accept.	Jörg Fischer	guitar
instrument	Jim Nunally plays bluegrass-style, flat pick guitar with John Reischman and the Jaybirds, and with The David Grisman Bluegrass Experience.	Jim Nunally	guitar
instrument	David Cripps is an active horn-player and conductor.	David Cripps	horn
instrument	David Arden is an Australian guitar player and singer.	David Arden	guitar
instrument	In the most colorful version of this childhood, Charo's grandmother hired a music professor to give her weekly classical guitar lessons, and he became the first man to enter the convent.	Charo	guitar
instrument	Tobias Delius (born 15 July 1964, Oxford, England) is an English musician, who plays the tenor saxophone and clarinet.	Tobias Delius	tenor saxophone	clarinet
instrument	Elton Dean (28 October 1945 -- 8 February 2006) was an English jazz musician who performed on alto saxophone, saxello (a variant of the soprano saxophone) and occasionally keyboards.	Elton Dean	saxophone
instrument	Dan Lukacinsky is a singer and musician who provided vocals and guitar for the Suicide Machines.	Dan Lukacinsky	guitar
instrument	Steve Ramsey is also a guitar and bass-guitar teacher at many schools across the North-East; such as Benfield School.	Steve Ramsey	guitar
instrument	Yuriy Oliynyk is the composer of four concertos for Bandura and Orchestra, a Piano Concerto and numerous pieces for piano, bandura as well as vocal compositions.	Yuriy Oliynyk	bandura
instrument	Toufic Farroukh is a saxophone player and composer of jazz with a middle-eastern flavour stemming from his bi-cultural roots in Lebanon and France.	Toufic Farroukh	saxophone
instrument	Njål Ølnes (born 24 September 1965 in Sogndal, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (tenor saxophone), composer and jazz educator currently residing in Nesodden.	Njål Ølnes	saxophone
instrument	Alex Hutchinson (born December 24, 1934) is a jazz musician who plays clarinet and saxophone.	Alex Hutchinson	clarinet
instrument	Mogens Ellegaard (1935-1995) of Denmark is widely regarded as the ``father of the classical accordion.''	Mogens Ellegaard	accordion
instrument	Bob Lively played alto saxophone.	Bob Lively	saxophone
instrument	Erik van der Luijt started playing the piano at the age of four.	Erik van der Luijt	piano
instrument	Big Bad Smitty aka John H. Smith (1940 -- April 3, 2002) was an American blues guitar player and singer.	Big Bad Smitty	guitar
instrument	Helmut Walcha (October 27, 1907 in Leipzig -- August 11, 1991 in Frankfurt) was a blind German organist who specialized in the works of the Dutch and German baroque masters and is known for his recordings of the complete organ works of Johann Sebastian Bach.	Helmut Walcha	organ
instrument	John LaBarbera (born November 10, 1945) is a trumpet player and arranger who worked with the Buddy Rich Orchestra during the late 1960s.	John LaBarbera	trumpet
instrument	Joe Gittleman (born April 6, 1968 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American musician, best known as the bass guitar player for The Mighty Mighty Bosstones.	Joe Gittleman	guitar
instrument	Rolf Billberg (22 August 1930 -- 17 August 1966) was a Swedish alto saxophone player active during the 1950s and 1960s.	Rolf Billberg	saxophone
instrument	Jason Krause is an American guitar player for Kid Rock's Twisted Brown Trucker Band.	Jason Krause	guitar
instrument	Ferdinand Küchler (14 July 1867 in Giessen -- 24 October 1937 in Leipzig) was a German violinist and violist, renowned violin pedagogue, and composer of instructive violin music.	Ferdinand Küchler	violin
languages spoken or written	Martin Lings (24 January 1909 -- 12 May 2005), also known as Abu Bakr Siraj ad-Din, was an English writer and scholar, a student of Frithjof Schuon and a Shakespearean scholar.	Martin Lings	English
languages spoken or written	Austin Herbert Woolrych (May 18, 1918 -- September 15, 2004) was an English historian, a specialist in the period of the English Civil War.	Austin Herbert Woolrych	English
languages spoken or written	Geoffrey Strachan is a noted translator of French and German literature into English.	Geoffrey Strachan	German
languages spoken or written	John Wolcot (9 May 1738 -- 14 January 1819) was an English satirist, who wrote under the pseudonym of ``Peter Pindar''.	John Wolcot	English
languages spoken or written	Hans Fischerkoesen, also known as Hans Fischerkösen or Hans Fischer, (18 May 1896 - 23 April 1973) was a German commercial animator.	Hans Fischerkoesen	German
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chan Lake Territorial Park is a small territorial park in the Northwest Territories of Canada, one of six such parks on Yellowknife Highway (Hwy #3), and one of 34 parks maintained by the Northwest Territories government under the Territorial Parks Act of 1988.	Chan Lake Territorial Park	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Coyote Hills are a low mountain range in northern Orange County, California, mostly in the cities of Fullerton and Placentia.	East Coyote Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gjerpen is a former township which is now part of the municipality of Skien, in Telemark county, Norway.	Gjerpen	Skien
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willow Brook Connector is a 1.45-mile (2.33 km) unsigned expressway in the town of Berlin, Connecticut.	Willow Brook Connector	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pierre Masonic Lodge is a building in Pierre, South Dakota that was designed by architects Perkins & McWayne in Classical Revival style.	Pierre Masonic Lodge	South Dakota
manufacturer	The Phillips Panda was one of a number of mopeds produced by the Phillips Cycles company of England in the 1950s and early 1960s.	Phillips Panda	Phillips Cycles
manufacturer	HMS L9 was laid down in October 1916 by William Denny and Brothers at their Dumbarton shipyard, launched on 29 January 1918, and completed on 27 May.	HMS L9	William Denny and Brothers
manufacturer	The PocketStation is a Memory Card peripheral by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation home video game console.	PocketStation	Sony Computer Entertainment
manufacturer	The Piper PA-28 Cherokee is a family of light aircraft built by Piper Aircraft and designed for flight training, air taxi, and personal use.	Piper PA-28 Cherokee	Piper Aircraft
manufacturer	The General Dynamics RIM-24 Tartar was a medium-range naval surface-to-air missile (SAM), and was among the earliest surface-to-air missiles to equip United States Navy ships.	RIM-24 Tartar	General Dynamics
manufacturer	The HPD ARX-03a, ARX-03b, and ARX-03c are Le Mans Prototypes race cars developed by Honda Performance Development in 2012.	HPD ARX-03	Honda
manufacturer	HSC Condor Liberation, previously Austal Hull 270 and Condor 102, is a fast ferry which was built by Austal Shipbuilders in Henderson, Australia.	HSC Condor Liberation	Austal
manufacturer	The Statesman WB range of long-wheelbase luxury sedans, developed by General Motors-Holden's in parallel with the Holden WB series, was released in May 1980.	Holden WB	General Motors
manufacturer	SS Servia, also known as RMS Servia, was a successful transatlantic passenger and mail steamer of revolutionary design, built by J & G Thomson of Clydebank (later John Brown & Company) and launched in 1881.	SS Servia	John Brown & Company
manufacturer	Coca-Cola Light Sango is a blood-orange flavoured variety of Coca-Cola Light/Diet Coke produced by The Coca-Cola Company, available in France since mid-2005.	Coca-Cola Light Sango	The Coca-Cola Company
manufacturer	The Game Boy Printer, known in Japan as the Pocket Printer (ポケットプリンタ Poketto Purinta), is a thermal printer accessory released by Nintendo in 1998, which ceased manufacture in early 2003.	Game Boy Printer	Nintendo
manufacturer	The British Rail Class 47 is a class of British railway diesel-electric locomotive that was developed in the 1960s by Brush Traction.	British Rail Class 47	Brush Traction
manufacturer	Optaflu is a cell culture derived influenza vaccine manufactured by Novartis.	Optaflu	Novartis
manufacturer	The Datsun DC-3 was a lightweight automobile produced by Nissan and sold under the Datsun brand in 1952.	Datsun DC-3	Nissan
manufacturer	An EMD GP9 is a four-axle diesel-electric locomotive built by General Motors' Electro-Motive Division in the United States, and General Motors Diesel in Canada between January, 1954, and August, 1963.	EMD GP9	General Motors Diesel
manufacturer	Starstreak is a British short range Man-portable air-defense system (MANPADS) manufactured by Thales Air Defence (formerly Shorts Missile Systems), in Belfast.	Starstreak	Thales Air Defence
manufacturer	HyperScan is a video game console from Mattel.	HyperScan	Mattel
manufacturer	The Dvora-class fast patrol boat is a fast class of patrol boats built by Israel Aerospace Industries for the Israeli Sea Corps based on the Israeli Dabur class.	Dvora-class fast patrol boat	Israel Aerospace Industries
manufacturer	The Ruger Model 96 is a series of lever-action rifles produced by Sturm, Ruger & Co..	Ruger Model 96	Sturm, Ruger & Co.
manufacturer	The Stadler KISS is a bilevel electric multiple unit commuter train developed by Stadler Rail of Switzerland.	Stadler KISS	Stadler Rail
manufacturer	German submarine U-199 was a Type IXD2 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 10 October 1941 at the DeSchiMAG AG Weser yard at Bremen as yard number 1045, launched on 11 July 1942 and commissioned on 28 November.	German submarine U-199	AG Weser
manufacturer	The Commonwealth Railways C class was a class of 4-6-0 passenger locomotives built in 1938 by Walkers Limited, Maryborough, for the Commonwealth Railways, Australia.	Commonwealth Railways C class	Walkers Limited
manufacturer	The Engesa EE-T1 Osório was a Brazilian main battle tank prototype.	EE-T1 Osório	Engesa
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Pajero Mini is a kei car produced by Mitsubishi Motors from December 1994 until June 2012.	Mitsubishi Pajero Mini	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	Lufsig is a stuffed toy wolf sold at Swedish furniture chain IKEA.	Lufsig	IKEA
manufacturer	PRR G3 was an American Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) 4-6-0 locomotive class.	PRR G3	Pennsylvania Railroad
manufacturer	The Fiat Ducato is a light commercial vehicle developed by the Sevel joint venture between Fiat and PSA Peugeot Citroën, produced since 1981.	Fiat Ducato	Peugeot Citroën
manufacturer	The SAI-Ambrosini SS.4 was an Italian fighter prototype developed in the late 1930s, featuring a canard-style wing layout and a 'pusher' propeller.	Ambrosini SS.4	SAI-Ambrosini
manufacturer	Iraqi Light Armored Vehicle or International Light Armored Vehicle is an armored fighting vehicle based on the Cougar and manufactured by Force Protection Industries, BAE Systems and General Dynamics.	Iraqi Light Armored Vehicle	BAE Systems
manufacturer	The MSC Geneva is a container ship built in 2006 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A..	MSC Geneva	Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries
manufacturer	The Yamaha DT200 is a dual-purpose motorcycle manufactured during the 1980s, '90s,and continues into the '00s by the Yamaha Motor Company.	Yamaha DT200	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	Party Shot is the new line of Sony camera decks.	Party Shot	Sony
manufacturer	Pacific Eden was ordered as the fifth Statendam along with her sisters Maasdam and Ryndam (now Pacific Aria) in 1989 from Fincantieri Shipyards.	Pacific Eden	Fincantieri
manufacturer	The AGM-78 Standard ARM was an anti-radiation missile developed by General Dynamics, United States of America.	AGM-78 Standard ARM	General Dynamics
manufacturer	The UGM-96 Trident I, or Trident C4, was an American submarine-launched ballistic missile, built by Lockheed Martin Space Systems in Sunnyvale, California.	UGM-96 Trident I	Lockheed Martin Space Systems
manufacturer	The Leopard 2 is a main battle tank developed by Krauss-Maffei in the 1970s for the West German Army.	Leopard 2	Krauss-Maffei
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi 500 was the first passenger car produced after the Second World War by Shin Mitsubishi Heavy-Industries, Ltd, one of the companies which would become Mitsubishi Motors.	Mitsubishi 500	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The Ubuntu Edge was a proposed high-concept smartphone announced by Canonical Ltd. on 22 July 2013.	Ubuntu Edge	Canonical Ltd.
manufacturer	The T-70 was designed by Nicholas Astrov's design team at Factory No. 38 in Kirov.	T-70	Kirov
manufacturer	After General Motors acquired a stake in Isuzu, the Bellett was replaced by GM's ``global'' T-car, initially called Isuzu Bellett Gemini and later simply Isuzu Gemini, which technically had little to do with its predecessor.	Isuzu Bellett	General Motors
manufacturer	The Steyr TMP (Taktische Maschinenpistole/Tactical Machine Pistol) is a select-fire 9×19mm Parabellum caliber machine pistol manufactured by Steyr Mannlicher of Austria.	Steyr TMP	Steyr Mannlicher
manufacturer	The Zastava CZ 99 is a semi-automatic pistol produced by Zastava Arms.	Zastava CZ 99	Zastava Arms
manufacturer	The AJ10 is a hypergolic rocket engine manufactured by Aerojet Rocketdyne (previously Aerojet).	AJ10	Aerojet Rocketdyne	Aerojet
manufacturer	German submarine U-627 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. Its hull was laid down on 8 August 1941 at the yards of Blohm & Voss in Hamburg and it was Commissioned on 18 June 1942 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Robert Kindelbacher.	German submarine U-627	Blohm & Voss
manufacturer	The GAM-63 RASCAL is a supersonic air-to-surface missile that was developed by the Bell Aircraft Company.	GAM-63 RASCAL	Bell Aircraft
member of political party	Wilhelm Marx (15 January 1863 -- 5 August 1946) was a German lawyer, Catholic politician and a member of the Centre Party.	Wilhelm Marx	Centre Party
member of political party	Navnit Dholakia, Baron Dholakia, OBE, PC, DL (born 4 March 1937) is a British Liberal Democrat politician and the Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the House of Lords.	Navnit Dholakia, Baron Dholakia	Liberal Democrats
member of political party	Alejandro Cercas Alonso (born 25 May 1949, Cáceres) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, part of the Party of European Socialists.	Alejandro Cercas	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Thorhild Widvey (born 9 January 1956) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party who served as Minister of Culture from 2013 to 2015, and Minister of Petroleum and Energy from 2004 to 2005.	Thorhild Widvey	Conservative Party
member of political party	Georg Paul Erich Hilgenfeldt (born 2 July 1897 in Heinitz/Ottweiler; likely died in April/May 1945 in Berlin) was a German official and a high NSDAP (or Nazi Party) government official.	Erich Hilgenfeldt	Nazi Party
member of sports team	Dorian Peña traded by the Barako Bull to Barangay Ginebra for Jay-R Reyes who traded later to the San Miguel Beermen for Justin Chua.	Dorian Peña	San Miguel Beermen
member of sports team	Veli-Matti Savinainen (born January 5, 1986) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Leksands IF in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Veli-Matti Savinainen	Leksands IF
member of sports team	Terry Lartey Sanniez (born 10 August 1996) is a Dutch professional footballer of Ghanaian descent who plays for Jong Ajax as a defender.	Terry Lartey Sanniez	Jong Ajax
member of sports team	Stanislav Varga (born 8 October 1972 in Lipany) is a former football player from Slovakia and currently manager of 1. FC Tatran Prešov.	Stanislav Varga	1. FC Tatran Prešov
member of sports team	Andrei Sidyakin (Russian: Андрей Сидякин; born on April 20, 1979 in Ufa, USSR) is a Russian ice hockey forward who is currently playing for HC Spartak Moscow team in Russia.	Andrei Sidyakin	HC Spartak Moscow
military branch	Albert Charles Scott CBE (1872-16 March 1969), was a Vice-Admiral in the Royal Navy.	Albert Charles Scott	Royal Navy
military branch	Wendell Craig Williams is a former Federal Prosecutor, Assistant United States Attorney, and member of the United States Marine Corps.	Wendell Craig Williams	United States Marine Corps
military branch	49th Royal Tank Regiment (49 RTR), later 49th Armoured Personnel Carrier Regiment, was a regiment of the British Army's Royal Armoured Corps during World War II that operated specialised armoured fighting vehicles in North West Europe.	49th Royal Tank Regiment	British Army
military branch	Douglas Harold Fox (26 March 1905 - 13 November 1942) was a Lieutenant Commander in the United States Navy.	Douglas Harold Fox	United States Navy
military branch	The Royal Welsh (R WELSH) (Welsh: Y Cymry Brenhinol) is one of the new large infantry regiments of the British Army.	Royal Welsh	British Army
mother	Gerberge of Lorraine (ca. 935-978) was the daughter of Giselbert, Duke of Lorraine, and Gerberga of Saxony.	Gerberge of Lorraine	Gerberga of Saxony
mother	Grand Duchess Vera Constantinovna of Russia was born in St. Petersburg on 16 February 1854, the fourth child and second daughter of the six children of Grand Duke Constantine Nicholaievich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Alexandra Iosifovna (born Princess Alexandra of Saxe-Altenburg).	Grand Duchess Vera Constantinovna of Russia	Princess Alexandra of Saxe-Altenburg
mother	Eleanor of Leicester (also called Eleanor Plantagenet and Eleanor of England) (1215 -- 13 April 1275) was the youngest child of King John of England and Isabella of Angoulême.	Eleanor of Leicester	Isabella of Angoulême
mother	In the classical period of Greek mythology, Artemis was often described as the daughter of Zeus and Leto, and the twin sister of Apollo.	Artemis	Leto
mother	Isabella Clara Eugenia of Austria was born in the city of Segovia on 12 August 1566, daughter of Philip II of Spain and his third wife Elisabeth of Valois.	Isabella Clara Eugenia	Elisabeth of Valois
mother	John Rockefeller Prentice (December 17, 1902 -- June 13, 1972) was born to Chicago lawyer Ezra Parmalee Prentice and Alta Rockefeller Prentice in New York.	John Rockefeller Prentice	Alta Rockefeller Prentice
mother	Joanna Sophia of Bavaria (c. 1373 -- 15 November 1410) was the youngest daughter of Albert I, Duke of Bavaria and his first wife Margaret of Brieg.	Joanna Sophia of Bavaria	Margaret of Brieg
mother	Elisabetta Visconti (1374 -- 2 February 1432), also known as Elisabeth or Elizabeth, was a younger child of Bernabò Visconti and his wife, Beatrice Regina della Scala.	Elisabetta Visconti	Beatrice Regina della Scala
mother	According to Apollodorus, Agenor was born in Memphis of Egypt to Poseidon and Libya and he had a twin brother named Belus.	Agenor	Libya
mother	Maria Amalia of Nassau-Dillenburg (27 August 1582 -- 31 October 1635) was a daughter of John VI, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg and his second wife, Countess Palatine Kunigunde Jakobäa of Simmern.	Maria Amalia of Nassau-Dillenburg	Kunigunde Jakobäa of Simmern
mother	Cosma Shiva Hagen (born May 17, 1981 in Los Angeles, California) is a German-American actress and the daughter of new wave/punk singer Nina Hagen and musician Ferdinand Karmelk.	Cosma Shiva Hagen	Nina Hagen
mother	Hera's mother is Rhea and her father Cronus.	Hera	Rhea
mother	Bianca of Savoy (1335 -- Pavia, 31 December 1387) was the only surviving daughter of Aimone, Count of Savoy and his wife Yolande Palaeologina of Montferrat.	Bianca of Savoy	Yolande Palaeologina of Montferrat
mother	Fingolfin was born to Finwë's second wife, Indis, after Míriel died, as was Finarfin.	Fingolfin	Indis
mother	Clodia Pulchra, also known as Claudia (born 57 BC/56 BC) was the daughter of Fulvia by her first husband Publius Clodius Pulcher.	Clodia Pulchra	Fulvia
mother	Nadim Gemayel was born in Bikfaya on 1 May 1982 to Solange Gemayel (née Toutounji), and Bashir Gemayel, a Maronite Christian from Bikfaya, Mount Lebanon.	Nadim Gemayel	Solange Gemayel
mother	Simone Peter is the daughter of SPD politician Brunhilde Peter, who served as State minister and vice Minister-President under Oskar Lafontaine.	Simone Peter	Brunhilde Peter
mother	Following her son's murder, Matthew's mother Judy Shepard became a prominent LGBT rights activist and established the Matthew Shepard Foundation.	Matthew Shepard	Judy Shepard
mother	Usermaatre Sekheperenre Ramesses V (also written Ramses and Rameses) was the fourth pharaoh of the Twentieth dynasty of Egypt and was the son of Ramesses IV and Queen Duatentopet.	Ramesses V	Duatentopet
mother	Anna McNeill Whistler was born in Wilmington, North Carolina, to Daniel McNeill, a physician, and Martha Kingsley McNeill, daughter of Zephaniah Kingsley, Sr. (one of the founders of the University of New Brunswick) and youngest sister of Zephaniah Kingsley, Jr. (a slave trader and plantation owner).	Anna McNeill Whistler	Martha Kingsley McNeill
mother	Alina Fernández Revuelta (born March 19, 1956) is the daughter of Fidel Castro and Natalia Revuelta Clews.	Alina Fernández	Natalia Revuelta Clews
mother	Princess Louise Auguste of Denmark (7 July 1771 -- 13 January 1843) was the daughter of the Queen of Denmark, Caroline Matilda of Great Britain.	Princess Louise Auguste of Denmark	Caroline Matilda of Great Britain
mother	Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach (8 March 1714 -- 14 December 1788), also formerly spelled Karl Philipp Emmanuel Bach, was a German Classical period musician and composer, the fifth child and second (surviving) son of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach.	Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach	Maria Barbara Bach
mother	Ngô Đình Lệ Thủy (1945-1967) was the daughter of South Vietnam's First lady Madame Nhu and Ngo Dinh Nhu, the National Secret Police Chief.	Ngô Đình Lệ Thủy	Madame Nhu
mother	Gunhild of Wessex (ft 1066-1093) was the eldest daughter of Harold Godwinson and his first wife or mistress, Edith the Fair, who may have been the wealthy magnate, Eadgifu the Fair.	Gunhild of Wessex	Edith the Fair
mother	Susanne Klatten (born Susanne Hanna Ursula Quandt on 28 April 1962) is the daughter of Herbert and Johanna Quandt.	Susanne Klatten	Johanna Quandt
mother	Prince Hubertus of Hohenzollern (Hubertus Gustav Adolf Veit Georg Meinrad Maria Alexander) (born 10 June 1966) is the third child of Prince Johann Georg of Hohenzollern and of his wife Princess Birgitta of Sweden, sister of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.	Prince Hubertus of Hohenzollern	Princess Birgitta of Sweden
mother	Hans Albert Einstein (May 14, 1904 -- July 26, 1973) was a Swiss-American engineer and educator, and the second child and first son of Albert Einstein and Mileva Marić.	Hans Albert Einstein	Mileva Marić
mother	Thomas Palaiologos was the youngest surviving son of the Byzantine Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos and his wife Helena Dragaš.	Thomas Palaiologos	Helena Dragaš
mother	Edmund Tudor, Duke of Somerset (21 February 1499 -- 19 June 1500) was the sixth child of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York.	Edmund Tudor, Duke of Somerset	Elizabeth of York
mother	Saira Banu was born in India to actress Naseem Banu and film producer Mian Ehsan-ul-Haq, who produced the film Phool in Mumbai and film Wadah in Pakistan.	Saira Banu	Naseem Banu
mother	Princess Galyani Vadhana was born on 6 May 1923 in London, England, the only daughter of Prince Mahidol Adulyadej of Songkla, the sixty-ninth son of King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) and seventh son by Queen Savang Vadhana, and Miss Sangwan Talapat (later known as Princess Srinagarindra, The Princess Mother).	Galyani Vadhana	Srinagarindra
mother	Şehzade Mustafa Muhlisi (Turkish pronunciation: (ʃehzaːˈde mustaˈfa muhliˈsi); 1515, Manisa -- 6 October 1553, Konya) was the son of Suleiman the Magnificent and Mahidevran Sultan.	Şehzade Mustafa	Mahidevran Sultan
mother	Meritaten was the first of six daughters born to Pharaoh Akhenaten and his Great Royal Wife, Nefertiti.	Meritaten	Nefertiti
mother	Jenny Hanley (born 15 August 1947 in Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire) is an English actress, the daughter of Dinah Sheridan and Jimmy Hanley.	Jenny Hanley	Dinah Sheridan
mother	She was named after her grandmother, Hetepheres I and she had an aunt named Hetepheres A. A fragmentary titulature found in the tomb of Meritites I may indicate that she was the mother of Hetepheres II. Titles of Hetepheres II:	Hetepheres II	Meritites I
mother	In Greek mythology, Catreus (Katreus, English translation: ``down-flowing'') was a king of Crete and a son of Minos and Pasiphaë.	Catreus	Pasiphaë
mother	Princess Margarita of Greece and Denmark (Greek: Πριγκίπισσα Μαργαρίτα της Ελλάδας και Δανίας; 18 April 1905 -- 24 April 1981) was the eldest child and daughter of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg.	Princess Margarita of Greece and Denmark	Princess Alice of Battenberg
mouth of the watercourse	The Sula River (Ukrainian: Сула́; Russian: Су́ла) is a left tributary of the Dnieper River with a total length of 365 km and a drainage basin of 19,600 km².	Sula River	Dnieper River
mouth of the watercourse	The Arize is a river of France, a right affluent of the Garonne.	Arize	Garonne
mouth of the watercourse	The Neuse River is a river rising in the Piedmont of North Carolina and emptying into Pamlico Sound below New Bern.	Neuse River	Pamlico Sound
mouth of the watercourse	The river Ternoise (Dutch: Ternaas) is one of the small chalk streams that flow from the plateau of the southern Boulonnais and Picardy, via the Canche, into the English Channel.	Ternoise	Canche
mouth of the watercourse	South Morava or in the past Bulgarian Morava (Serbian and Macedonian: Јужна Морава, Serbian Latin: Južna Morava; pronounced (jûːʒnaː mɔ̝̌rav̞a); Bulgarian: Българска Морава, Balgarska Morava) is a river in southern Serbia which represents the shorter headwater of Great Morava.	South Morava	Great Morava
mouth of the watercourse	Most commonly, the Paroo River terminates on the floodplain south of Wanaaring; and only reaches the Darling River in the wettest of years, otherwise spilling into the Paroo River Wetlands.	Paroo River	Darling River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tooloom Creek, a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment, is located in the Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Tooloom Creek	Clarence River
mouth of the watercourse	Archer Creek, a northern tributary of the Parramatta River, is a creek west of Sydney Harbour, located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Archer Creek	Parramatta River
mouth of the watercourse	The Chesapeake Bay (/ˈtʃɛsəpiːk/ CHESS-ə-peek) is an estuary lying inland from the Atlantic Ocean, and surrounded by the North American mainland to the West, and the Delmarva Peninsula to the east.	Chesapeake Bay	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Ndjili River is a river that flows from the south through the capital city of Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where it joins the Congo River.	Ndjili River	Congo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Lehigh River, a tributary of the Delaware River, is a 109-mile-long (175 km) river located in eastern Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Lehigh River	Delaware River
mouth of the watercourse	The Landwehr Canal, or Landwehrkanal in German, is a 10.7-kilometre (6.6 mi) long canal parallel to the Spree river in Berlin, Germany, built between 1845 and 1850 according to plans by Peter Joseph Lenné.	Landwehr Canal	Spree
mouth of the watercourse	Hobølelva is a river rising in Sværsvann in Oslo, until joining Lake Vansjø in Østfold.	Hobølelva	Vansjø
mouth of the watercourse	Wood Creek in Central New York State flows westward from Rome, New York to Oneida Lake.	Wood Creek	Oneida Lake
mouth of the watercourse	The Geary River rises in the Otway Ranges in southwest Victoria, near Parkers Spur and flows generally east by south through the Port Campbell National Park before reaching its river mouth and emptying into Bass Strait, northeast of Cape Otway and south of the town of Marengo.	Geary River	Bass Strait
mouth of the watercourse	The North Para River originates in the Barossa Ranges near Eden Valley and follows a meandering path through the Barossa Valley, firstly north to the east of Angaston, then arcs around to the southwest to pass through the towns of Nuriootpa and Tanunda, before merging with the South Para River in Gawler forming the Gawler River.	North Para River	Gawler River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue Canal is a canal and set of locks linking Lake Saint-Louis and Lake of Two Mountains at Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, the very westernmost point of Montreal Island, Quebec, Canada.	Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue Canal	Lake of Two Mountains
mouth of the watercourse	It originates northeast of the Mondsee and joins the Ager River after 51 km at Vöcklabruck.	Vöckla	Ager
mouth of the watercourse	The river rises in the hills to the western side of the Ophthalmia Range and flows in a southerly direction before veering east near Kundering Range and past the Angelo River Mine and Angelo River prospect, a Uranium deposit then finally discharging into the Ashburton River of which it is a tributary.	Angelo River	Ashburton River
mouth of the watercourse	The Riet River is a westward-flowing tributary of the Vaal River in central South Africa.	Riet River	Vaal River
mouth of the watercourse	The Motloutse River is a river in Botswana, a tributary of the Limpopo River.	Motloutse River	Limpopo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Heimersheimer Bach is a roughly ten-kilometre-long stream and tributary of the Selz in the German region of Rhenish Hesse.	Heimersheimer Bach	Selz
mouth of the watercourse	The Tárcoles River, also called the Grande de Tárcoles River or the Río Grande de Tarcoles, in Costa Rica originates on the southern slopes of the Cordillera Central volcanic range and flows in a south-westerly direction to the Gulf of Nicoya.	Tárcoles River	Gulf of Nicoya
mouth of the watercourse	The Volta River is a river, primarily flowing in Ghana, that drains into the Atlantic Ocean at the Gulf of Guinea.	Volta River	Gulf of Guinea
mouth of the watercourse	The Wonnangatta River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment, located in the Alpine and East Gippsland regions of the Australian state of Victoria.	Wonnangatta River	Mitchell River
mouth of the watercourse	The Enz is a river flowing north from the Black Forest to the Neckar in Baden-Württemberg.	Enz	Neckar
mouth of the watercourse	The Serorome River is a river in the Central District of Botswana, a tributary of the Limpopo River.	Serorome River	Limpopo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Zhelcha River (Russian: Желча) is a river in Strugo-Krasnensky and Gdovsky Districts in Pskov Oblast, Russia, a tributary of Lake Peipus.	Zhelcha River	Peipus
mouth of the watercourse	Toongabbie Creek, an urban watercourse that is part of the Parramatta River catchment, is located in Greater Western Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Toongabbie Creek	Parramatta River
mouth of the watercourse	The Patapédia River (French: Rivière Patapédia) is a tributary of the Restigouche River in northwest New Brunswick and southeast Quebec, Canada.	Patapédia River	Restigouche River
mouth of the watercourse	Algés River flows into the Tagus River in Algés Parish, Portugal.	Algés River	Tagus
mouth of the watercourse	The River Barle runs from the Chains on northern Exmoor, in Somerset, England to join the River Exe at Exebridge, Devon.	River Barle	River Exe
mouth of the watercourse	At Arles, near its mouth on the Mediterranean Sea, the river divides into two branches, known as the Great Rhône (French: Le Grand Rhône) and the Little Rhône (Le Petit Rhône).	Rhône	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Specifically the Semowane River discharges to Sua Pan.	Semowane River	Sua Pan
mouth of the watercourse	Gudenåen flows a total of 176 kilometres (109 mi) from Tinnet Krat in Vejle Municipality, between Nørre Snede and Tørring-Uldum, to Randers Fjord in Randers, on a northward course which takes it through the central parts of Jutland.	Gudenå	Randers Fjord
mouth of the watercourse	Bystry Tanyp River, or Tanyp River (Russian: Быстрый Танып), is a river in Bashkortostan and Perm Krai in Russia, a right tributary of the Belaya River.	Bystry Tanyp River	Belaya River
mouth of the watercourse	The Winnipeg River is a Canadian river which flows from Lake of the Woods in the province of Ontario to Lake Winnipeg in Manitoba.	Winnipeg River	Lake Winnipeg
mouth of the watercourse	The Crawfish River is a tributary of the Rock River, 80 miles (130 km) long, in south-central Wisconsin in the United States.	Crawfish River	Rock River
mouth of the watercourse	Elgi River (Russian: Эльги) is a river in Yakutia in Russia, a left tributary of the Indigirka River.	Elgi River	Indigirka River
mouth of the watercourse	The Murrindal River rises below Butchers Ridge, and flows generally south, joined by one minor tributary, before reaching its confluence with the Buchan River west of Lucas Point in the Shire of East Gippsland.	Murrindal River	Buchan River
mouth of the watercourse	Vaupés River (Uaupés River) is a tributary of the Rio Negro in South America.	Vaupés River	Rio Negro
mouth of the watercourse	The Hushe River is a tributary river to the Shyok River which itself is tributary to the Indus River.	Hushe River	Shyok River
mouth of the watercourse	The Agwei River or the River Agwei, also spelled Agvey, is a tributary of the Pibor River that flows through eastern South Sudan and western Ethiopia.	Agwei River	Pibor River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ouelle River flows through the towns of Saint-Pacôme and Rivière-Ouelle in Québec and enters the Saint Lawrence River to the west of Rivière-Ouelle.	Ouelle River	Saint Lawrence River
named after	The Nansen International Office for Refugees (French: Office International Nansen pour les Réfugiés) was an organization established in 1930 by the League of Nations and named after Fridtjof Nansen, soon after his death, which was internationally in charge of refugees from war areas between 1930 and 1939.	Nansen International Office for Refugees	Fridtjof Nansen
named after	The Caravaggisti (or the ``Caravagesques'') were stylistic followers of the 16th-century Italian Baroque painter Caravaggio.	Caravaggisti	Caravaggio
named after	Mount Baden-Powell (/ˈbeɪdən ˈpoʊ.əl/) is a peak in the San Gabriel Mountains of California named for the founder of the World Scouting Movement, Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell.	Mount Baden-Powell	Robert Baden-Powell
named after	Parelli Natural Horsemanship (also known as Parelli or PNH) is a program of natural horsemanship, created in 1981 by Pat Parelli.	Parelli Natural Horsemanship	Pat Parelli
named after	Sachertorte (German pronunciation: (ˈzaxɐˌtɔʁtə)) is a specific type of chocolate cake, or torte, invented by Austrian Franz Sacher in 1832 for Prince Wenzel von Metternich in Vienna, Austria.	Sachertorte	Franz Sacher
named after	The Sołtan argument is an astrophysical theory outlined in 1982 by Polish astronomer Andrzej Sołtan.	Sołtan argument	Andrzej Sołtan
named after	Palmi Cathedral or the Church of Saint Nicholas (Italian: Concattedrale di Palmi, Chiesa di San Nicola) is the principal church of Palmi in Italy, and co-cathedral of the diocese of Oppido Mamertina-Palmi.	Palmi Cathedral	Saint Nicholas
named after	The Helmholtz free energy was developed by Hermann von Helmholtz, a German physicist, and is usually denoted by the letter A (from the German ``Arbeit'' or work), or the letter F .	Helmholtz free energy	Hermann von Helmholtz
named after	Thorildsplan is a small park in Kristineberg in Stockholm, named in 1925 after the writer Thomas Thorild (1759--1808).	Thorildsplan	Thomas Thorild
named after	The Ottoman Empire (/ˈɒtəmən/; Ottoman Turkish: دَوْلَتِ عَلِيّهٔ عُثمَانِیّه‎ Devlet-i Aliyye-i Osmâniyye, Modern Turkish: Osmanlı İmparatorluğu or Osmanlı Devleti), also known as the Turkish Empire, Ottoman Turkey or Turkey, was an empire founded in 1299 by Oghuz Turks under Osman I in northwestern Anatolia.	Ottoman Empire	Osman I
named after	De Gua's theorem is a three-dimensional analog of the Pythagorean theorem and named for Jean Paul de Gua de Malves.	De Gua's theorem	Jean Paul de Gua de Malves
named after	Hermite's problem is an open problem in mathematics posed by Charles Hermite in 1848.	Hermite's problem	Charles Hermite
named after	In quantum mechanics and quantum field theory, a Schrödinger field, named after Erwin Schrödinger, is a quantum field which obeys the Schrödinger equation.	Schrödinger field	Erwin Schrödinger
named after	Znám's problem is named after the Slovak mathematician Štefan Znám, who suggested it in 1972, although other mathematicians had considered similar problems around the same time.	Znám's problem	Štefan Znám
named after	The Dvorak technique (developed between 1969 and 1984 by Vernon Dvorak) is a widely used system to estimate tropical cyclone intensity (which includes tropical depression, tropical storm, and hurricane/typhoon/intense tropical cyclone intensities) based solely on visible and infrared satellite images.	Dvorak technique	Vernon Dvorak
named after	The Nyquist frequency, named after electronic engineer Harry Nyquist, is half of the sampling rate of a discrete signal processing system.	Nyquist frequency	Harry Nyquist
named after	The Order of Suvorov (Russian Орден Суворова) is a military decoration of the Russian Federation named in honor of Russian Field Marshal Count Alexander Suvorov (1729--1800).	Order of Suvorov	Alexander Suvorov
named after	In geometry, Cavalieri's principle, a modern implementation of the method of indivisibles, named after Bonaventura Cavalieri, is as follows: 2-dimensional case:	Cavalieri's principle	Bonaventura Cavalieri
named after	Prinz Eugen, der edle Ritter (prince Eugene, the noble knight) is a German folksong about the victory of Prince Eugene of Savoy in 1717 during the Austro-Turkish War of 1716--1718.	Prinz Eugen, der edle Ritter	Prince Eugene of Savoy
named after	In mathematics, Jordan's inequality, named after Camille Jordan, states that \frac(2)(\pi)x\leq \sin(x) \leq x\text( for )x \in \left(0,\frac(\pi)(2)\right).	Jordan's inequality	Camille Jordan
named after	The Brandeis Medal is awarded to individuals whose lives reflect United States Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis' commitment to the ideals of individual liberty, concern for the disadvantaged and public service.	Brandeis Medal	Louis Brandeis
named after	Christiania, also known as Freetown Christiania (Danish: Fristaden Christiania) is a self-proclaimed autonomous neighborhood of about 850 residents, covering 34 hectares (84 acres) in the borough of Christianshavn in the Danish capital Copenhagen.	Freetown Christiania	Christianshavn
named after	Hilbert's twenty-third problem is the last of Hilbert problems set out in a celebrated list compiled in 1900 by David Hilbert.	Hilbert's twenty-third problem	David Hilbert
named after	Mao Zedong Thought (simplified Chinese: 毛泽东思想; traditional Chinese: 毛澤東思想; pinyin: Máo Zédōng Sīxiǎng), or Maoism, is a political theory derived from the teachings of the Chinese political leader Mao Zedong (1893--1976).	Maoism	Mao Zedong
named after	The LOKI algorithms were named for Loki, the god of mischief in Norse mythology.	LOKI	Loki
named after	The Karl Schwarzschild Observatory (German: Karl-Schwarzschild-Observatorium) is an astronomical observatory originally founded in 1960 as an affiliated institute of the former Deutsche Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin and named in honour of the astronomer and physicist Karl Schwarzschild.	Karl Schwarzschild Observatory	Karl-Schwarzschild
named after	The P-700 Granit (Russian: П-700 ``Гранит''; English: granite) is a Soviet and Russian naval anti-ship cruise missile.	P-700 Granit	granite
named after	The Musée Zadkine is a museum dedicated to the work of sculptor Ossip Zadkine (1890--1967).	Musée Zadkine	Ossip Zadkine
named after	In differential geometry, a Sasakian manifold (named after Shigeo Sasaki) is a contact manifold (M,\theta) equipped with a special kind of Riemannian metric g, called a Sasakian metric.	Sasakian manifold	Shigeo Sasaki
named after	Charles Darwin's frog, Ingerana charlesdarwini, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Ingerana charlesdarwini	Charles Darwin
named after	The Schiff test is an early organic chemistry name reaction developed by Hugo Schiff, and is a relatively general chemical test for detection of many organic aldehydes that has also found use in the staining of biological tissues.	Schiff test	Hugo Schiff
named after	Berlin Tegel Airport (German: Flughafen Tegel ``Otto Lilienthal'') (IATA: TXL, ICAO: EDDT) is the main international airport of Berlin, the federal capital of Germany, ahead of the smaller Berlin Schönefeld Airport.	Berlin Tegel Airport	Otto Lilienthal
named after	The Panetta Review was a secret internal review conducted by Leon Panetta, then the Director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency, of the CIA's torture of detainees during the administration of George W. Bush.	Panetta Review	Leon Panetta
named after	Aberri Eguna (``Fatherland Day'') is a holiday coinciding with Easter Sunday which has its roots in the Basque nationalist movement.	Aberri Eguna	Fatherland
named after	In number theory, the Elkies trinomial curves are certain hyperelliptic curves constructed by Noam Elkies which have the property that rational points on them correspond to trinomial polynomials giving an extension of Q with particular Galois groups.	Elkies trinomial curves	Noam Elkies
named after	The Egon Erwin Kisch Prize (German: Egon-Erwin-Kisch-Preis) was a literary prize awarded in Germany.	Egon Erwin Kisch Prize	Egon-Erwin-Kisch
named after	Cyrenaica (/saɪrɨˈneɪ.ɨkə/ SY-rə-NAY-ə-kə; Ancient Greek: Κυρηναϊκή Kyrēnaïkḗ, after the city of Cyrene; Arabic: برقة‎ Barqah;) is the eastern coastal region of Libya.	Cyrenaica	Cyrene
named after	The Heinrich Böll Foundation (hbf; German: Heinrich-Böll-Stiftung e.V., hbs) is a German, legally independent political foundation.	Heinrich Böll Foundation	Heinrich-Böll
named after	The Hadley cell, named after George Hadley, is a tropical atmospheric circulation which features rising motion near the equator, poleward flow 10--15 kilometers above the surface, descending motion in the subtropics, and equatorward flow near the surface.	Hadley cell	George Hadley
named after	International Francophonie Day (French: Journée internationale de la francophonie) is observed within the International Organization of La Francophonie's 77 member states every March 20 to celebrate the French language and Francophone culture.	International Francophonie Day	Francophone
named after	MPQ (Mo'PaQ, short for Mike O'Brien Pack, named after its creator), is an archiving file format used in several of Blizzard Entertainment's games.	MPQ	Mike O'Brien
named after	Occam's razor (also written as Ockham's razor, and lex parsimoniae in Latin, which means law of parsimony) is a problem-solving principle attributed to William of Ockham (c. 1287--1347), who was an English Franciscan friar and scholastic philosopher and theologian.	Occam's razor	William of Ockham
named after	Established by the Mo Ibrahim Foundation in 2007, the Ibrahim Prize celebrates excellence in African leadership.	Ibrahim Prize	Mo Ibrahim
named after	Linnaeus University was established in 2010 by a merger of former Växjö University and Kalmar University (Högskolan i Kalmar), and has been named in honour of botanist Carl Linnaeus.	Linnaeus University	Carl Linnaeus
narrative location	Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India gave the film 3/5 stars and opined,``As long as you view Band Baaja Baaraat as a loving, heartfelt take on what makes Delhi go dhak-dhak, the film holds your attention.Band Baaja Baaraat engages you with its fond look at fun-loving Dilliwalas.''	Band Baaja Baaraat	India
narrative location	The Kill Point is an American television series that follows a group of U.S. Marines recently returned from serving in Iraq as they come together to pull off a major bank heist of a Three Rivers Bank branch in Pittsburgh.	The Kill Point	Pittsburgh
narrative location	City War is a 1988 Hong Kong crime action film directed by Suen Chung and starring Chow Yun-fat and Ti Lung in their third collaboration after A Better Tomorrow 1 and 2.	City War	Hong Kong
narrative location	Blood on the Forge is a migration novel by the African-American writer William Attaway set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the 1919, a time when vast numbers of Black Americans moved northward.	Blood on the Forge	Pittsburgh
narrative location	A Social Celebrity is a 1926 American silent comedy-drama film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and starred Louise Brooks as a small town manicurist who goes to New York City with her boyfriend (Adolphe Menjou), a barber who poses as a French count.	A Social Celebrity	New York City
occupation	Richard Inwards (22 April 1840, Houghton Regis -- 30 September 1937) was a mining engineer, an astronomer and a meteorologist.	Richard Inwards	astronomer
occupation	Jana Lindsey (born September 18, 1984, Rapid City, South Dakota, United States) is an American freestyle skier who has competed since 1999.	Jana Lindsey	freestyle skier
occupation	Herman L. Taylor, Jr. is an American politician who served as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from 2003-2011 in Maryland's 14th Legislative District.	Herman L. Taylor, Jr.	politician
occupation	Eugene A. Besson was a Massachusetts pharmacist and politician who served in both branches of the Massachusetts legislature, and as the 27th Mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts.	Eugene A. Besson	politician
occupation	Steponas Kairys ( pronunciation ; December 20, 1878 Old Style/January 3, 1879 New Style in Užnevėžiai, near Ukmergė -- December 16, 1964 in Brooklyn) was a Lithuanian engineer, nationalist, and social democrat.	Steponas Kairys	engineer
occupation	Tom Ashbrook is an American journalist and radio broadcaster.	Tom Ashbrook	journalist
occupation	Hanna Mergies is a Polish amateur snooker player.	Hanna Mergies	snooker player
occupation	Lewis Beach (March 30, 1835 -- August 10, 1886) was an American politician and a U.S. Representative from New York representing two different congressional districts, the fourteenth and the fifteenth.	Lewis Beach	politician
occupation	Yitzhak Pundak, born Yitzhak Fundik (Hebrew: יצחק פונדק‎; born June 13, 1913), is a former Israeli general, diplomat and politician.	Yitzhak Pundak	diplomat
occupation	Hakan Peker (born February 5, 1961; Istanbul) is a Turkish dancer, songwriter, singer, and music composer.	Hakan Peker	singer
occupation	Richard Kovacs (May 5, 1884 -- December 29, 1950) was a physician that pioneered diathermy as a therapy.	Richard Kovacs	physician
occupation	Frank M. Robinson (August 9, 1926 -- June 30, 2014) was an American science fiction and techno-thriller writer.	Frank M. Robinson	writer
occupation	Magnus Swartling (born February 19, 1970 in Uppsala) is a Swedish curler and world champion.	Magnus Swartling	curler
occupation	After studying Economics and Communications Patricia Szarvas worked as a broker, private banker and portfolio manager in Frankfurt, London and Luxembourg and was a registered stockbroker at the London Stock Exchange.	Patricia Szarvas	stockbroker
occupation	Christopher Hitchens described him as ``A very brilliant guy, very thoughtful, very good writer, with political views polar opposite of mine.''	Christopher Hitchens	writer
occupation	George R. Roberts (born 1944) is an American financier and was one of the three original partners of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR), which he co-founded alongside Jerome Kohlberg and first cousin Henry Kravis in 1976.	George R. Roberts	financier
occupation	Clay Boland was a dentist and composer of popular songs.	Clay Boland	dentist
occupation	Rebecca Storm is a British singer and musical theatre actress, born Eliazabeth Hewlett, in Shipley in West Yorkshire, England.	Rebecca Storm	singer
occupation	Justin McDonald is a British actor of film, television and theatre.	Justin McDonald	actor
occupation	Emil Weyr (July 1, 1848 -- January 25, 1894) was an Austrian mathematician, known for his numerous publications on geometry.	Emil Weyr	mathematician
occupation	Vidal of Tolosa (Hebrew: וידאל די טולושא) was a Spanish rabbi and scholar of the latter half of the fourteenth century.	Vidal of Tolosa	rabbi
occupation	Paul Louis Mercanton (1876--1963) was a Swiss meteorologist, glaciologist and Arctic explorer.	Paul Louis Mercanton	meteorologist	glaciologist
occupation	Tommy Asher Danvers, better known by his stage name TommyD, is a producer, songwriter, arranger, DJ, and multi-instrumentalist.	TommyD	songwriter
occupation	Enoch McLain Toler, known as E. M. Toler (October 29, 1874 -- October 21, 1954), was a physician from Clinton, Louisiana, who was from 1944 until his death a decade later a member of the Louisiana State Senate from East and West Feliciana Parish.	E. M. Toler	physician
occupation	Dan Leibovitz (born July 30, 1973) is a former American basketball coach.	Dan Leibovitz	basketball coach
occupation	Robert Piotrowski (born 1963) is an architect.	Robert Piotrowski	architect
occupation	Ed Greene is an American drummer and session musician.	Ed Greene	session musician
occupation	Edward Mylius was a journalist jailed in 1911 for criminal libel for publishing a report that King George V of the United Kingdom was a bigamist.	Edward Mylius	journalist
occupation	Div Sultan Rumlu (Persian: دیو سلطان روملو‎‎) was a Turkoman military commander andand politician from the Rumlu clan, one of the seven chief Qizilbash tribes which provided crack troops for Safavid guard.	Div Sultan Rumlu	politician
occupation	Yuriy Artemenko (born February 28, 1963) is a Ukrainian journalist, politician and public figure.	Yuriy Artemenko	journalist	politician
occupation	Dara Tucker is an American jazz singer and composer.	Dara Tucker	composer
occupation	Gilles Floro (born in Guadeloupe April 18, 1964 -- died in Gourbeyre, Guadeloupe June 22, 1999), was a popular French Antillean zouk love singer.	Gilles Floro	singer
occupation	Brian Ickler (born September 17, 1985 in San Diego, California) is an American stock car racing driver.	Brian Ickler	racing driver
occupation	Adolph Robert Kraus (August 5, 1850 - November 7, 1901), known professionally as Robert Kraus, was an American sculptor, born in Zeulenroda, Germany and active in Boston.	Adolph Robert Kraus	sculptor
occupation	W. H. Taylor was an English cricketer who played 18 first-class matches for Somerset in 1910 and 1911.	W. H. Taylor	cricketer
occupation	Jedd P. Ladd (September 28, 1828 -- December 27, 1894) was a Vermont politician and attorney who served as state Auditor of Accounts.	Jedd P. Ladd	politician
occupation	Cristian Popescu Piedone (born February 15, 1963) is a Romanian politician who has served as mayor of Bucharest's Sector 4 from 2008 until the November 4, 2015, when he resigned following the Colectiv nightclub fire and the subsequent 2015 Romanian protests.	Cristian Popescu Piedone	politician
occupation	Stephen Dolginoff is an award-winning, New York City based playwright-composer.	Stephen Dolginoff	composer
occupation	Kellee Maize (born January 18, 1980) is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter.	Kellee Maize	rapper
occupation	Henry Kressel (born c. 1938) is an American engineer, scientist, and financial executive.	Henry Kressel	engineer
occupation	Frank W. Weston (1843-?) was an English-born and trained architect who practiced in Portland, Maine and Boston, Massachusetts.	Frank W. Weston	architect
occupation	Paul Winchell (December 21, 1922 -- June 24, 2005) was an American ventriloquist, comedian, actor, voice actor, humanitarian and inventor whose career flourished in the 1950s and 1960s.	Paul Winchell	actor	inventor
occupation	Guitar Pete Franklin (January 16, 1928 -- July 31, 1975) was an African American blues singer, guitarist, pianist and songwriter.	Guitar Pete Franklin	songwriter
occupation	Tor Nørretranders (born June 20, 1955) is a Danish author of popular science.	Tor Nørretranders	author
occupation	Géza Alföldy (June 7, 1935 -- November 6, 2011) was a Hungarian Ancient historian.	Géza Alföldy	historian
occupation	Constantine Chrysomalus (or Constantine Chrysomallus; Greek: Κωνσταντῖνος Χρυσόμαλλος) was a Byzantine monk who was posthumously condemned by a Synod of Constantinople as a teacher of heresies affiliated with Bogomilism and Messalianism.	Constantine Chrysomalus	monk
occupation	Emelihter Kihleng is a Micronesian (and more specifically Pohnpeian) poet.	Emelihter Kihleng	poet
occupation	Jean-Marie de Bancalis de Maurel, marquis d'Aragon (born 1732 at Pruines; died 1795 at Carcassonne) was a French diplomat and aristocrat of the Ancien Régime.	Jean-Marie de Bancalis de Maurel, marquis d'Aragon	diplomat
occupation	Kim Weild is a Drama Desk Award-nominated theatre director, choreographer, actor, writer and educator, living and working in New York.	Kim Weild	theatre director
occupation	Cyro Del Nero (December 28, 1931 -- July 30, 2010) was a Brazilian scenographer and set designer.	Cyro Del Nero	scenographer
occupation	Gail Mutrux (born October 2, 1945) is an American film producer, best known for her films Donnie Brasco, Nurse Betty, and Kinsey.	Gail Mutrux	film producer
occupation	Daniela Luján (Spanish pronunciation: (daˈnjela luˈxan); born Daniela Barrios Rodriguez April 5, 1988) is a Mexican pop singer and actress.	Daniela Luján	singer
occupation	Charles Neidich is an American classical clarinetist, composer, and conductor.	Charles Neidich	conductor
occupation	Margaret Sixel is a South African-born, Australian film editor.	Margaret Sixel	film editor
occupation	Tracy Sachtjen (/ˈsætʃən/; born February 20, 1969 in Sauk Prairie, Wisconsin) is an American curler from Lodi, Wisconsin.	Tracy Sachtjen	curler
occupation	David Farkas (born November 28, 1975) is an American actor and the co-founder of Polo Buddies.	David Farkas	actor
occupation	Rance Howard (born November 17, 1928) is an American actor who has starred in film and on television.	Rance Howard	actor
occupation	R. K. Selvamani (Tamil: ஆர். கே. செல்வமணி) is a Tamil film director.	R. K. Selvamani	film director
occupation	Angelo Russo (born October 21, 1961) is an Italian actor, known for playing police officer Agatino Catarella in Il commissario Montalbano mystery television series based on the characters and novels created by Andrea Camilleri.	Angelo Russo	actor
occupation	Fatuma Ibrahim Ali (Somali: Fadumo Cibraahiim Cali, Arabic: فاطمة إبراهيم علي‎) is a Somali-Kenyan politician.	Fatuma Ibrahim Ali	politician
occupation	Irakli Revishvili (Georgian: ირაკლი რევიშვილი; born November 3, 1989) is a Georgian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Irakli Revishvili	swimmer
occupation	Rockwell Kent (June 21, 1882 -- March 13, 1971) was an American painter, printmaker, illustrator, and writer.	Rockwell Kent	painter
occupation	Tracy Grimshaw (born 3 June 1960) is an Australian journalist and television presenter.	Tracy Grimshaw	journalist
occupation	Alex Matthews is a white South African citizen journalist and political blogger.	Alex Matthews	journalist
occupation	Paul D. MacLean (May 1, 1913 -- December 26, 2007) was an American physician and neuroscientist who made significant contributions in the fields of physiology, psychiatry, and brain research through his work at Yale Medical School and the National Institute of Mental Health.	Paul D. MacLean	neuroscientist
occupation	Philip Warren Anderson (born December 13, 1923) is an American physicist and Nobel laureate.	Philip Warren Anderson	physicist
occupation	Park Gun-tae (Hangul: 박건태; born February 5, 1996) is a South Korean actor.	Park Gun-tae	actor
occupation	Dwight Conroy Farrell (born August 25, 1973), better known by the stage name Count Bass D, is an American rapper, record producer and multi-instrumentalist who resides in Atlanta, Georgia.	Count Bass D	rapper
occupation	Ivan Vrdoljak (born 22 june 1972) is a Croatian politician, engineer and current minister at Ministry of Economy at the Cabinet of Zoran Milanović.	Ivan Vrdoljak	politician
occupation	Eric Nalder is an American investigative journalist based in Seattle, Washington.	Eric Nalder	journalist
occupation	Wayne M. Catalano (July 24, 1956 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a former jockey and current trainer in American Thoroughbred horse racing who has won three Breeders' Cup World Championship races and trained two Eclipse Award Champions.	Wayne M. Catalano	jockey
occupation	Elin Brandell (1882-1963), was a Swedish journalist and author.	Elin Brandell	journalist
occupation	Martin Hadden is a British chef, who won a Michelin star at both Ockenden Manor and The Priory House.	Martin Hadden	chef
occupation	Gary D. Roach (born February 5, 1964), sometimes credited as Gary Roach, is an American film editor.	Gary D. Roach	film editor
occupation	Gaius Volusenus Quadratus (fl. mid-1st century BC) was a distinguished military officer of the Roman Republic.	Gaius Volusenus	officer
occupation	John Kannenberg (Milwaukee, WI) is a sonic and visual artist, whose work aims to evoke primal natural forces, spirituality, melancholy, nostalgia, and narrativity.	John Kannenberg	artist
occupation	Franz Xaver Eggert (1802-1876) was a German glass painter	Franz Xaver Eggert	painter
occupation	Lili Zoe Ermezei (born as Érmezei Lili Zoé in Hungary, 1988) is a portrait and conceptual photographer.	Lili Zoe Ermezei	photographer
occupation	Katherine Hoover (born December 2, 1937, in Elkins, West Virginia) is an American composer and flutist.	Katherine Hoover	composer
occupation	Lucy Yeomans is Editor-in-Chief of luxury online fashion website Net-a-Porter and previously editor of the fashion magazine Harper's Bazaar in the UK.	Lucy Yeomans	editor
occupation	Shaura, formerly known as Juka (ジュカ), is a Japanese visual kei metal singer who first became known in 2002 when he was recruited by Mana for his project Moi dix Mois.	Shaura	singer
occupation	Leonardo Villalobos (born September 7, 1970) is a Venezuelan actor, and television personality known for hosting the shows Portada's from 2005 until 2009, and Súper Sábado Sensacional since 2010.	Leonardo Villalobos	actor
occupation	Chung-ying Cheng (Chinese: 成中英) is a Chinese philosopher and professor of philosophy at the University of Hawai'i at Manoa.	Chung-ying Cheng	philosopher
occupation	Daario Naharis a leader in the Stormcrows mercenary company.	Daario Naharis	mercenary
occupation	Henry Holcomb Bennett (December 5, 1863 -- April 30, 1924) was an American author, journalist, and poet.	Henry Holcomb Bennett	journalist
occupation	Barend Alkema is a South African rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup, playing in all three games.	Barend Alkema	rugby league player
occupation	John Yarde-Buller, 1st Baron Churston (12 April 1799 -- 4 September 1871) was a British, Conservative politician.	John Yarde-Buller, 1st Baron Churston	politician
occupation	Giancarlo Petrazzuolo (born August 7, 1980) is an Italian professional tennis player who is currently inactive.	Giancarlo Petrazzuolo	tennis player
occupation	Ajay Rao (also credited as Krishna Ajai Rao) is an Indian actor who works primarily in Kannada film industry.He is commonly known as ``Sandalwood Krishna''.	Ajay Rao	actor
occupation	Jean Auguste Ulric Scheler (1819--1890), also styled Auguste Scheler was a Belgian philologist.	Jean Auguste Ulric Scheler	philologist
occupation	Cyril Mann (1911--1980) was a British painter and sculptor who added a new dimension to figurative art by exploring the dynamic effects of sunlight in a different way from his predecessors.	Cyril Mann	painter
occupation	Shemariah ben Mordecai was a German rabbi and tosafist of the first half of the 12th century, who was a pupil of the tosafist Isaac ben Asher.	Shemariah ben Mordecai	rabbi
occupation	Jasmin Hasić is a Bosnian boxer in super heavyweight best known for winning bronze medal at the European Junior Championships 2007 in Sombor.	Jasmin Hasić	boxer
occupation	Portuguese photographer Eduardo Gageiro is widely considered the country's foremost photojournalist.	Eduardo Gageiro	photographer
occupation	S. K. Vedarathinam (தமிழ் : எஸ்.கே.வேதரெத்தினம்) is an Indian politician and formerMember of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	S. K. Vedarathinam	politician
occupation	Heike Schwaller (born July 24, 1968) is a German-Swiss curler.	Heike Schwaller	curler
occupation	Gassan Hamdan is an Iraqi scholar, poet and translator.	Gassan Hamdan	poet
occupation	Yelena Yemchuk (Ukrainian: Єлена Ємчук, born April 22, 1970) is a Ukrainian professional photographer, painter and film director, best known for her work with The Smashing Pumpkins.	Yelena Yemchuk	photographer	painter
occupation	Andreas of Ratisbon (sometimes Andreas of Regensburg) was a historian of the later 14th and early 15th century.	Andreas of Ratisbon	historian
occupation	Ricardo Viana Vargas is a Brazilian engineer, author of project management books, and current director of infrastructure (engineering) and project management at the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS).	Ricardo Viana Vargas	author
occupation	Darijan Božič (born in Slavonski Brod, Kingdom of Yugoslavia (present-day Croatia) on April 29, 1933) is a Slovenian composer and conductor.	Darijan Božič	composer
occupation	Jay Gordon (Born:January 30, 1967) is a singer, producer, journalist and video editor of Video Ask Vic.	Jay Gordon	singer
occupation	Craig Mitnick is an American lawyer, broadcaster and businessman.	Craig Mitnick	lawyer
occupation	Michael Avedon (born January 16, 1991) is an American photographer living in New York City.	Michael Avedon	photographer
occupation	Tippa Irie (real name Anthony Henry) is a British reggae singer and DJ from Brixton, South London.	Tippa Irie	singer
occupation	Joao Manuel Ferreira or more popularly known as Johnny Ferreira (born on August 11, 1957), is Canadian-Portuguese saxophonist, songwriter, producer, and horn arranger, who plays in rock and roll, blues, and swing genres.	Johnny Ferreira	saxophonist
occupation	William Draper Harkins (December 28, 1873 -- March 7, 1951) was an U.S. chemist, notably for his contributions to nuclear chemistry.	William Draper Harkins	chemist
occupation	Joe Silver (September 28, 1922, Chicago, Illinois - February 27, 1989, New York, New York) was an American stage, television, film and radio actor.	Joe Silver	actor
occupation	Leyland Hodgson (October 5, 1892 -- March 16, 1949), also known as Leland Hodgson, was an English-born American character actor of the 1930s and 1940s.	Leyland Hodgson	actor
occupation	Kim In-Soon (Korean: 김인순; born April 5, 1957), better known by her stage name, Insooni (Korean: 인순이), is a South Korean singer.	Insooni	singer
occupation	Stephen Dow Beckham is a noted American historian known for his work with Native Americans and the American West, especially the Pacific Northwest and the Lewis and Clark Expedition.	Stephen Dow Beckham	historian
occupation	George Gill Green (January 16, 1842 -- February 26, 1925) was a patent medicine entrepreneur, and Union Colonel in the American Civil War.	George Gill Green	entrepreneur
occupation	Amon Adonai Santos de Araújo Tobin (born February 7, 1972), known as Amon Tobin, is a Brazilian musician, composer and producer of electronic music.	Amon Tobin	musician
occupation	Athir al-Din Abul-fazl Muhamad bin Taher Aksikati better known as Athir al-Din Akhsiketi (in Persian: اثیر‌الدین اخسیکتی) was an Iranian poet.	Athir al-Din Akhsiketi	poet
occupation	María Isabel Soldevila Brea (b. Santo Domingo) is a journalist, academician, columnist, television presenter, and writer from the Dominican Republic.	María Isabel Soldevila	journalist
occupation	Shieh Chung-liang (Chinese: 謝忠良; pinyin: Xiè Zhōngliáng; Wade--Giles: Hsieh4 Chung1-liang2) is a Taiwanese journalist known for his role in a high-profile libel suit.	Shieh Chung-liang	journalist
occupation	Valentin Gneushev (born December 20, 1951) is a Russian circus director and choreographer.	Valentin Gneushev	choreographer
occupation	Jeremy Schloss is a former rugby league player of the 1990s for the South Sydney Rabbitohs, Gold Coast Seagulls and North Queensland Cowboys.	Jeremy Schloss	rugby league player
occupation	Charles Durrett is an American architect and author based in Nevada City, California.	Charles Durrett	architect
occupation	Pamela Norris in an American screenwriter and producer.	Pamela Norris	screenwriter
occupation	Claire Falkenstein (/ˈfɑːlkənˌstaɪn/; July 22, 1908 -- October 23, 1997) was an American sculptor, painter, printmaker, jewelry designer, and teacher, most renowned for her often large-scale abstract metal and glass public sculptures.	Claire Falkenstein	sculptor	painter
occupation	Zaurbek Baysangurov (born March 2, 1985) is a Russian boxer and the former IBO and WBO Light Middleweight Champion.	Zaurbek Baysangurov	boxer
occupation	Haroon Siddiqui, CM, O.Ont (born June 1, 1942) is an Indo-Canadian newspaper journalist, columnist and a former editor.	Haroon Siddiqui	journalist
occupation	Tezcacohuatzin (also called Ozomatzin) was a king of Cuauhnahuac.	Tezcacohuatzin	king
occupation	However, Hercules refuses to kill Xena, telling her, ``Killing isn't the only way of proving you're a warrior.''	Xena	warrior
occupation	Tracy Lee Stum is an American artist best known for her spectacular/large interactive 3D street paintings or chalk drawings.	Tracy Lee Stum	artist
occupation	Gajendra Verma is an Indian composer and playback singer who came in light for controversy of the song Emptiness also known as Tune mere jaana that got leaked on internet with a fake sympathetic story of a dying IIT student named Rohan Rathore and had instant liking by 3 million music lovers across the nation.	Gajendra Verma	composer	singer
occupation	Diana Karazon (Arabic: ديانا كرزون‎) (born October 30, 1983 in Kuwait) is a Jordanian singer of Arabic pop, television host, and actress.	Diana Karazon	singer
occupation	Enrique Lizalde (January 9, 1937 -- June 3, 2013) was a Mexican film, television and theater actor whose spanned from the 1960s to the 2000s.	Enrique Lizalde	actor
occupation	Trick's nickname was given to him at a very young age for his competent schemes of attracting the girls of his neighborhood, though later on he changed his name to Trick-Trick, due to the international success of the British rapper Tricky-whom (the soon to be called).	Trick-Trick	rapper
occupation	Gil Bernal was a singer and a session musician.	Gil Bernal	musician
occupation	Ezra Spicehandler (April 6, 1921 -- March 25, 2014) was an American rabbi, writer, editor and educator specializing in modern Hebrew literature.	Ezra Spicehandler	rabbi
occupation	Scott Sowerby is a Canadian historian and Associate Professor in the Department of History, Northwestern University.	Scott Sowerby	historian
occupation	Kyle Clemons (born December 27, 1990) is an American track and field sprinter who specialises in the 400-meter dash.	Kyle Clemons	sprinter
occupation	Patricia Field (born February 12, 1941) is an American costume designer, stylist and fashion designer.	Patricia Field	costume designer
occupation	George Cadwell (February 21, 1773 -- August 1, 1826) was an American pioneer, politician, and physician from Connecticut.	George Cadwell	politician
occupation	Guy Waggoner (1883-1950) was an American rancher and business executive.	Guy Waggoner	rancher
occupation	Wu Chuanyu (simplified Chinese: 吴传玉; traditional Chinese: 吳傳玉; pinyin: Wú Chuányù) (August 21, 1928 - October 29, 1954) was an Indonesian-born Chinese swimmer who competed in the Olympic Games in 1948 and 1952.	Wu Chuanyu	swimmer
occupation	Oliver Muirhead (born May 10, 1957) is an English character actor known for often portraying pompous country gentlemen.	Oliver Muirhead	actor
occupation	Henry Norris Russell (October 25, 1877 -- February 18, 1957) was an American astronomer who, along with Ejnar Hertzsprung, developed the Hertzsprung--	Henry Norris Russell	astronomer
occupation	Yitzchak Berkovits (Hebrew: יצחק ברקוביץ‎), also spelled Yitzchak Berkowitz, (b. 1953) is a Haredi Jewish rabbi, rosh kollel and posek (halakhic decisor) in Jerusalem.	Yitzchak Berkovits	rabbi
occupation	Georgios Diamantidis (Greek: Γεώργιος Διαμαντίδης; born January 3, 1984) is a Greek former swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle events.	Georgios Diamantidis	swimmer
occupation	Karen Mason is an American theatre actress and singer.	Karen Mason	singer
occupation	Robert Lee Helms (August 15, 1933 -- June 19, 1997), known professionally as Bobby Helms, was an American country music singer who enjoyed his peak success in 1957 with the seasonal hit ``Jingle Bell Rock''.	Bobby Helms	singer
occupation	George Washington Barrow (October 5, 1807 - October 19, 1866) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 8th congressional district.	Washington Barrow	politician
occupation	Merry Clayton (born December 25, 1948) is an American soul and gospel singer and an actress.	Merry Clayton	singer
occupation	Shawn K. Centers is an American osteopathic physician, pediatrician, herbalist, and integrative medicine specialist.	Shawn K. Centers	pediatrician
occupation	Tâm Đoan is Vietnamese-Canadian singer.	Tâm Đoan	singer
occupation	Tim Potter is an English actor in theatre, films and TV since the 1980s.	Tim Potter	actor
occupation	Garret P. Wikoff was an American Federalist Party politician, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders.	Garret P. Wikoff	politician
occupation	Robert Fellows or Robert M. Fellows (August 23, 1903, Los Angeles -- May 11, 1969, Hollywood) was an American film producer who was once a production partner with John Wayne and later with Mickey Spillane.	Robert Fellows	film producer
occupation	Frieder Gröger is a German mycologist from Berlin.	Frieder Gröger	mycologist
occupation	Sulem Urbina is a Mexican amateur women's boxer, who currently resides in Phoenix.	Sulem Urbina	boxer
occupation	Steven Wayne Horton (born February 24, 1954 in Memphis, Tennessee, died on August 7, 2006) was an American country music singer.	Steven Wayne Horton	singer
occupation	James Duane (February 6, 1733 -- February 1, 1797) was an American lawyer, jurist, and Revolutionary leader from New York.	James Duane	lawyer
occupation	David Yazbek (born 1961) is an American writer, musician, composer, and lyricist.	David Yazbek	composer
occupation	Jay Levin is an American journalist who was founder, editor and CEO of the LA Weekly, one of the seminal newspapers of the weekly alternative press in the United States, from 1978 to 1992.	Jay Levin	journalist
occupation	José Faur (Hebrew: יוסף פאור‎) is a Sephardi Hakham (rabbi), teacher and scholar.	José Faur	rabbi
occupation	The Fort Lee Film Commission of Fort Lee, New Jersey, has worked with Alice Guy-Blaché biographer Alison McMahan to create one of the only existing historic markers dedicated to the role she played as the first woman film director and studio owner.	Alice Guy-Blaché	film director
occupation	Brian Henneman is an alt-country/roots rock musician best known as the frontman for the Bottle Rockets, as a songwriter, lead singer, and guitarist.	Brian Henneman	musician
occupation	Rowan Jones (born 19 November 1979) is a retired Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League.	Rowan Jones	Australian rules footballer
occupation	George Heyman is a social, environmental and labour activist and politician in British Columbia.	George Heyman	politician
occupation	Richard Horrocks (29 August 1857 -- 19 June 1926) was an English cricketer active from 1880 to 1882 who played for Lancashire.	Richard Horrocks	cricketer
occupation	Bobby Kingsbury (born August 30, 1980) in Cleveland, Ohio, is an American baseball player.	Bobby Kingsbury	baseball player
occupation	Pürevdorjiin Serdamba (Mongolian: Пүрэвдоржийн Сэрдамба; April 18, 1985) is a retired Mongolian amateur boxer.	Pürevdorjiin Serdamba	boxer
occupation	Lucy Panton is a British journalist, a former News of the World crime editor, and the seventh person arrested under Operation Elveden on 15 December 2011.	Lucy Panton	journalist
occupation	Abraham Abigdor (also rendered as Abraham Avigdor), born 1350, was a Jewish physician, philosopher, kabbalist, and translator.	Abraham Abigdor	translator
occupation	Ludmila Kim (Kazakh: Людмила Ким) is a Kazakhstani singer, VJ.	Ludmila Kim	singer
occupation	Robert Messingham (died 1396), of Lincoln, was an English politician.	Robert Messingham	politician
occupation	Steve Adey (born in Great Barr, Birmingham, England) is an English musician and singer-songwriter.	Steve Adey	singer-songwriter
occupation	Peter Quillin (born June 22, 1983) is an American professional boxer and former WBO middleweight champion.	Peter Quillin	boxer
occupation	Martin Connors is a Canadian astronomer and professor.	Martin Connors	astronomer
occupation	Ambrose had requested that Origen provide an answer to a book entitled The True Doctrine which attacked Christianity, and had been written some time in the second century by an unknown Middle Platonic philosopher named Celsus.	Origen	philosopher
occupation	Jean Baptiste Christophore Fusée Aublet (November 4, 1720 -- May 6, 1778) was a French pharmacist, botanist and explorer.	Jean Baptiste Christophore Fusée Aublet	pharmacist	botanist	explorer
occupation	José Ramón Miguel Agustín Pro Juárez also known as Blessed Miguel Pro (born January 13, 1891 -- executed November 23, 1927), was a Mexican Jesuit Catholic priest executed under the presidency of Plutarco Elías Calles on trumped-up charges of bombing and attempted assassination of former Mexican President Álvaro Obregón.	Miguel Pro	Catholic priest
occupation	Caecina Mavortius Basilius Decius (floruit 486-510) was a Roman politician under Odoacer's rule.	Caecina Mavortius Basilius Decius	politician
occupation	Lyuh Woon-hyung or Yo Un-hyung (May 25, 1886 -- July 19, 1947) was a Korean politician who argued that Korean independence was essential to world peace, and a reunification activist who struggled for the independent reunification of Korea since its national division in 1945.	Lyuh Woon-hyung	politician
occupation	Joe Zemaitis is a former professional triathlete from the United States.	Joe Zemaitis	triathlete
occupation	Michael Baiardi (born September 11, 1972 in New York City) is an American composer, songwriter and music producer who currently resides in Los Angeles, California.	Michael Baiardi	composer	songwriter
occupation	Maggie Steber is an American photographer and journalist who was a director of photography for the Miami Herald and is a contributor to many magazines among of which are Newsweek and New York Times Magazine.	Maggie Steber	photographer	journalist
occupation	Abraham of Scetes was a monk who became a saint of the Coptic Church.	Abraham of Scetes	monk
occupation	Rabbi Yosef Yeshaya Braun is an Orthodox rabbi and a member of the Chabad Hasidic movement.	Yosef Yeshaya Braun	rabbi
occupation	Lucinda Ebersole is a critic, editor and writer of fiction in the literary scene of Washington, D.C. She is best known for her association with the literary journal Gargoyle Magazine, for which she has been co-editor along with Richard Peabody since 1997.	Lucinda Ebersole	editor
occupation	Ainan Tasneem Binti Redzuan (born November 4, 1992), better known as Ainan Tasneem, is a Malaysian singer who debuted in 2012.	Ainan Tasneem	singer
occupation	Francisco Brennand, or Francisco de Paula de Almeida Brennand, (born June 11, 1927) is a Brazilian sculptor.	Francisco Brennand	sculptor
occupation	Herch Moysés Nussenzveig (born January 16, 1933 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian physicist, professor at Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro and member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences.	Herch Moysés Nussenzveig	physicist
occupation	Andy Zulla is a record mixer, producer, composer and songwriter.	Andy Zulla	composer	songwriter
occupation	Simon Pilton is a songwriter and record producer.	Simon Pilton	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Chen-Yuan Lee (Chinese: 李鎮源; pinyin: Lǐ Zhènyuán; Wade--Giles: Lǐ Chèn-yǘan; December 4, 1915 -- November 2, 2001), was a Taiwanese pharmacologist and political activist.	Chen-Yuan Lee	pharmacologist
occupation	Piotr Borodin (born June 6, 1905, date of death unknown) was a Moldavian SSR and Moldavian ASSR politician.	Piotr Borodin	politician
occupation	Marianne Leone Cooper (born January 2, 1952) is an American film and television actress, screenwriter and essayist.	Marianne Leone Cooper	screenwriter
occupation	Darryl Andrews is a South African jazz guitarist, composer, arranger and conductor.	Darryl Andrews	composer
occupation	Eric L. Levinson is an American jurist and lawyer.	Eric L. Levinson	lawyer
occupation	Peter Onumanyi is a Nigerian mathematician.	Peter Onumanyi	mathematician
occupation	Joey Stefano (January 1, 1968 -- November 26, 1994) was an American pornographic actor who appeared in gay pornographic films.	Joey Stefano	pornographic actor
occupation	Andrew Tracy (December 15, 1797 -- October 28, 1868) was an American politician, teacher and lawyer.	Andrew Tracy	politician	lawyer
occupation	Napoléon-Alexandre Comeau (May 11, 1848 -- November 17, 1923) was a self-taught naturalist and Canadian government official.	Napoléon-Alexandre Comeau	naturalist
occupation	Rich Espey is an American playwright from Baltimore, Maryland.	Rich Espey	playwright
occupation	Marta Harnecker is a Chilean sociologist, political scientist, journalist and activist.	Marta Harnecker	sociologist	journalist
occupation	Naomi Harris (born May 26, 1973 in Toronto, Canada) is a Canadian photographer living in New York.	Naomi Harris	photographer
occupation	John Solomon Cartwright QC (September 17, 1804 -- January 15, 1845) was a businessman, lawyer, judge, farmer and political figure.	John Solomon Cartwright	lawyer
occupation	Kevin Hooks (born September 19, 1958) is an American actor, and a television and film director; he is notable for his roles in Aaron Loves Angela and Sounder, but may be best known as Morris Thorpe from TV's The White Shadow.	Kevin Hooks	actor	film director
occupation	Noel Preston is an ethicist, theologian and social commentator and is Adjunct Professor in the Key Centre for Ethics, Law Justice and Governance, Griffith University.	Noel Preston	ethicist
occupation	Tevin Thomas is a U.S. musician, composer, keyboard artist, producer and educator.	Tevin Thomas	composer
occupation	Joseph C. Smith (August 13, 1883 -- March 22, 1965) was a violinist, composer, dance band leader and recording artist most popular in the second and third decades of the 20th century.	Joseph C. Smith	violinist
occupation	Tom Walmsley (born December 13, 1948 in Liverpool, England) is a Canadian playwright, novelist, poet and screenwriter.	Tom Walmsley	novelist
occupation	Luke Keary (born 3 February 1992) is an Australian professional rugby league player who currently plays for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League.	Luke Keary	rugby league player
occupation	Toby Proctor is a Canadian actor and voice actor.	Toby Proctor	actor	voice actor
occupation	Edward Brickell White (January 29, 1806 -- May 10, 1882), also known as E. B. White, was an American architect.	Edward Brickell White	architect
occupation	Benjamin Newhall Johnson (June 19, 1856 -- February 19, 1932) was an American attorney and historian who owned what would become Breakheart Reservation.	Benjamin Newhall Johnson	historian
occupation	Ken Hart (May 7, 1917 -- February 12, 2006) was an American World War II pilot, publisher, composer, actor, editor, lobbyist, writer, disc jockey and campaign manager.	Ken Hart	composer	lobbyist
occupation	Kusum Mehdele is an Indian politician who is cabinet minister in Government of Madhya Pradesh.	Kusum Mehdele	politician
occupation	Denzel Spencer (born April 14, 1996), better known by his stage name Roy Woods (stylized as Roy Wood$), is a Canadian rapper and R&B musician from Brampton, Ontario.	Roy Woods	rapper
occupation	Gabriel Coss is a Latin Grammy Award and a Regional Emmy Award-winner music video director.	Gabriel Coss	music video director
occupation	Andrea Fellers is an American artist, film director, and producer.	Andrea Fellers	film director
occupation	Abraham of Smolensk was a monk of Smolensk, his birthplace, where he became a monk of the Bogoroditzkaja monastery.	Abraham of Smolensk	monk
occupation	Jean Gebser (German: (ˈɡeːpsɐ); August 20, 1905 -- May 14, 1973) was a philosopher, a linguist, and a poet, who described the structures of human consciousness.	Jean Gebser	philosopher
occupation	William B. Colleary, AIA, (September 26, 1890 -- August 18, 1973) was an American architect active in the first half of the twentieth century.	William B. Colleary	architect
occupation	Raja Mehdi Ali Khan(Urdu: راجہ مہدی علی خان ‎) was an Indian poet, writer and lyricist.	Raja Mehdi Ali Khan	writer
occupation	Pharen I of Armenia (Armenian: Փառեն Ա. Աշտիշատցի ) was Catholicos in Armenia's Holy Apostolic Church of the Ashishatts Dynasty.	Pharen I of Armenia	Catholicos
occupation	Hervé Descottes is a French lighting designer, business owner and author.	Hervé Descottes	lighting designer
occupation	Gino Sensani (1888--1947) was an Italian costume designer who worked on over eighty films during his career.	Gino Sensani	costume designer
occupation	Dr Mutawakkil Kazi was a noted civil servant and economist of Pakistan.	Mutawakkil Kazi	economist
occupation	Lewis Williams Douglas (July 2, 1894 -- March 7, 1974) was an American politician, diplomat, businessman and academic.	Lewis Williams Douglas	politician	diplomat
occupation	Borys Protsenko (born August 21, 1978) is a retired Ukrainian ice hockey player and a Russian amateur scout for the NHL's Dallas Stars.	Borys Protsenko	ice hockey player
occupation	Pablo Pacheco Avila is a Cuban journalist who has contributed to the Ciego de Ávila Independent Journalists Cooperative (CAPI).	Pablo Pacheco Avila	journalist
occupation	Roman Kirn is the ambassador of the Republic of Slovenia to the USA and Mexico.	Roman Kirn	ambassador
occupation	Luiz R. S. Simmons (born January 27, 1949) is an American politician who represents the 17th legislative district of the state of Maryland in the Maryland House of Delegates.	Luiz R. S. Simmons	politician
occupation	Pearn P. Niiler (1937, Tartu, Estonia, died October 15, 2010, San Diego) - American oceanographer.	Pearn P. Niiler	oceanographer
occupation	Ronald C. Kessler (born April 26, 1947) is an American sociologist and a professor of health care policy at Harvard Medical School.	Ronald C. Kessler	sociologist
occupation	Steve De Jarnatt is an American film and television director, screenwriter, and short-story author.	Steve De Jarnatt	screenwriter
occupation	Don Hay (born February 13, 1954) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and National Hockey League head coach.	Don Hay	ice hockey player
occupation	William Roe Howell (April 9, 1846 - December 30, 1890) was a prominent New York City photographer of the 1870s, known mostly for portraits of political and theatrical celebrities.	William Roe Howell	photographer
occupation	Robin Driscoll is a British actor and writer, best known as a writer of Mr. Bean.	Robin Driscoll	actor
occupation	Véronique Morin is a Canadian science journalist who has worked for over 25 years to the dissemination and popularization of science.	Véronique Morin	journalist
occupation	Stieg Trenter married the author Ulla Trenter in 1960.	Stieg Trenter	author
occupation	Félix W. Ortiz (born November 2, 1959 in Puerto Rico) is an American politician, currently representing New York's 51st Assembly District.	Félix W. Ortiz	politician
occupation	Craig Priestly is an Australian-American rugby league player who represented his country in the 2013 World Cup.	Craig Priestly	rugby league player
occupation	Jaime Benítez Rexach (October 29, 1908 -- May 30, 2001) was a Puerto Rican author, academic and politician.	Jaime Benítez Rexach	politician
occupation	Joshua Swanson is an American theater actor, film actor and television actor, voice over talent and a prolific, award-winning narrator of audiobooks with over 100 titles to his name, including This Book Is Not Good for You, all three novels of The Longlight Legacy, Peeps and Hairstyles of the Damned.	Joshua Swanson	actor
occupation	William A. Paxton (1837 -- July 18, 1907) was an American pioneer businessman and politician in Omaha, Nebraska.	William A. Paxton	politician
occupation	John L. Harmer (born April 28, 1934) is a former California politician who served in the California State Senate as a Republican from 1966 to 1974.	John L. Harmer	politician
occupation	Geoffrey von Maltzahn, PhD (born July 22, 1980) is an American biological engineer, inventor, and entrepreneur in biotechnology and nanotechnology.	Geoffrey von Maltzahn	engineer
occupation	Athanas Sina, also known as Thanas Sina, was an Albanian journalist, teacher and activist of the Albanian National Awakening.	Athanas Sina	journalist
occupation	Daniel Stabrawa (born August 23, 1955 in Kraków) is a Polish violinist and conductor.	Daniel Stabrawa	conductor
occupation	Joe Arlooktoo (born June 26, 1939) is a northern Canadian artist, adept at soapstone and ivory carving, and a municipal and territorial-level politician who was a member of the Northwest Territories Legislature from 1979 until 1991.	Joe Arlooktoo	politician
occupation	Scott Christopher (born January 13, 1967) is an American actor who has had key roles in such films as Mobsters and Mormons and The Best Two Years.	Scott Christopher	actor
occupation	Gianpaolo Venuta (also known as Gian Paolo Venuta or Gian-Paolo Venuta) is a Canadian actor.	Gianpaolo Venuta	actor
occupation	Christopher Bramwell is a British actor who was active on television from 1977 until 1996.	Christopher Bramwell	actor
occupation	Dick Crockett (February 27, 1915 -- January 25, 1979), born Richard DeHart Crockett, was an American television and film actor, stunt performer, stunt coordinator, producer, and director.	Dick Crockett	actor
occupation	Barbara Rose (born 1938) is an American art historian and art critic.	Barbara Rose	art historian	art critic
occupation	John Verkamp (born c. 1940) is an American attorney and politician in Arizona; he served as a county attorney for 12 years, and was elected to four terms as a Republican state representative.	John Verkamp	politician
occupation	Gautam Navlakha (Hindi pronunciation: (ɡɔːt̪ m nʋlkʰaː)) is a civil liberties, democratic, and human rights activist; and a journalist.	Gautam Navlakha	human rights activist	journalist
occupation	Maury Henry Biddle Paul (April 14, 1890 -- July 17, 1942) was an American journalist who became famous as a society columnist for the New York American (which became the New York Journal-American when it merged with the New York Evening Journal).	Maury Henry Biddle Paul	journalist
occupation	George Edward Massee (20 December 1845 - 16 February 1917) was an English mycologist, plant pathologist, and botanist.	George Edward Massee	mycologist	botanist
occupation	George Anastasia (born February 5, 1947, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American author and was a long-time writer for The Philadelphia Inquirer.	George Anastasia	author
occupation	Cecep Syamsul Hari (born on May 1, 1967 in Bandung, West Java) is an Indonesian poet.	Cecep Syamsul Hari	poet
occupation	Vytautas Pociūnas (September 1957 -- August 23, 2006) was a physicist, officer of the Lithuanian State Security Department, and diplomat.	Vytautas Pociūnas	physicist	diplomat
occupation	Harry Nicolaides (born 1967 or 1968) is an Australian writer of Greek-Cypriot origin imprisoned in Thailand under the Thai lèse majesté law, for a passage in a 2005 novel of his deemed to defame the Thai monarchy.	Harry Nicolaides	writer
occupation	Howard Tracy Hall (October 20, 1919 -- July 25, 2008) was an American physical chemist, and the first person who grew a synthetic diamond according to a reproducible, verifiable and witnessed process, using a press of his own design.	Tracy Hall	chemist
occupation	Susan Gerhart is a semi-retired computer scientist.	Susan Gerhart	computer scientist
occupation	Matt Dellinger is a journalist and writer who has written for The New Yorker, the Atlantic, the Oxford American, Smithsonian, and the New York Times and has reported on transportation and planning for the public radio show The Takeaway.	Matt Dellinger	journalist
occupation	Tormod Bjørnetun Haugen ( /2turmud 2bjøːn̺eˌtʉːn 1hæʋgen/ , born 28 October 1988) is a Norwegian speed skater and inline skater representing Sandefjord SK.	Tormod Bjørnetun Haugen	speed skater
occupation	Aoiyama Kōsuke (碧山 亘右) (born June 19, 1986 as Daniel Ivanov, Bulgarian: Даниел Иванов, in Elhovo, Bulgaria) is a professional sumo wrestler or rikishi.	Aoiyama Kōsuke	rikishi
occupation	Michael Hafftka is an American figurative expressionist painter living in New York City.	Michael Hafftka	painter
occupation	César Costa is a Mexican actor and rock-and-roll singer.	César Costa	actor	singer
occupation	Hamid Chitchian (Persian/Azeri: حمید چیت‌چیان, born c. 1957) is an Iranian politician and the former intelligence head.	Hamid Chitchian	politician
occupation	Domenico Carnovale was an Italian painter and architect, active mainly in his native Modena.	Domenico Carnovale	painter
occupation	Valentina Artemyeva is a Russian breaststroke swimmer.	Valentina Artemyeva	swimmer
occupation	Cirilo Nelson (born July 30, 1938) is a Honduran botanist and researcher at the Department of Biology of the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Honduras.	Cirilo Nelson	botanist
occupation	Tom Kading is an American politician, business owner, and lawyer.	Tom Kading	politician	lawyer
occupation	Fred Doerr was an American politician who served as the 39th Mayor of San Jose, California, from 1928 to 1930.	Fred Doerr	politician
occupation	John Lloyd Wright (December 12, 1892 -- December 20, 1972) was an American architect and toy inventor.	John Lloyd Wright	architect
occupation	Snejana Petrova Sapir is a Russian ballroom dancer, most known for being the champion of the Second Dance World Championship celebrated in Mexico.	Snejana Petrova	dancer
occupation	Chris Beal (born August 6, 1985) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).	Chris Beal	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jerry DeCaire is a freelance comic artist.	Jerry DeCaire	artist
occupation	Ari Guðmundsson (September 14, 1927 -- 2003) was an Icelandic ski jumper who competed in the 1950s.	Ari Guðmundsson	ski jumper
occupation	Seth Gilliard, also Seth G, (born 1989 or 1990) is a South Carolina violinist who covers pop tunes.	Seth Gilliard	violinist
occupation	Tung-Yen Lin (Chinese: 林同棪; pinyin: Lín Tóngyán; November 14, 1912 -- November 15, 2003) was a structural engineer who was the pioneer of standardizing the use of prestressed concrete.	Tung-Yen Lin	engineer
occupation	Jérémie Carboni is a French director, screenwriter, actor, producer and was a political communication advisor.	Jérémie Carboni	screenwriter
occupation	Quintus Marcius Turbo was prefect of the Praetorian Guard and a close friend and military advisor to both emperor Trajan and Hadrian during the early 2nd century.	Marcius Turbo	military advisor
occupation	Tanya Boeva (Bulgarian:Таня Боева; born November 3, 1973) is a Bulgarian pop and Chalga singer.	Tanya Boeva	singer
occupation	Fabian Sanchez is a professional dancer born in New York City, New York, who grew up in Colombia.	Fabian Sanchez	dancer
occupation	Baayork Lee (born December 5, 1946) is an Asian-American actress, singer, dancer, choreographer, theatre director, and author.	Baayork Lee	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Reed Hadley (born Reed Herring; June 25, 1911 -- December 11, 1974) was an American film, television and radio actor.	Reed Hadley	actor
occupation	Daniel J. Sullivan (born June 10, 1940) is an American theatre and film director and playwright.	Daniel J. Sullivan	film director
occupation	Ruth Payne Burgess, (October 11, 1865 in Montpelier, Vermont -- March 11, 1934 in New York), was a naturalistic painter of portraits, still lifes, and genre work.	Ruth Payne Burgess	painter
occupation	Jenna Rose Swerdlow (born September 28, 1998), best known as Jenna Rose, is an American teenage singer who gained media attention, as a pre-teen, with her single ``My Jeans''.	Jenna Rose	singer
occupation	Kumud Dhital (Nepali: कुमुद िधताल), FRCS, PhD is a cardiothoracic specialist and transplant surgeon at St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney, Australia.	Kumud Dhital	surgeon
occupation	Piotr Wilczek (born April 26, 1962) is a Polish intellectual historian, specialist in Comparative Literature and literary translator.	Piotr Wilczek	historian	translator
occupation	Peter Laszlo Peri (June 13, 1899 -- January 19, 1967) was an artist and sculptor.	Peter Laszlo Peri	sculptor
occupation	Peter G. Tsouras is a military historian and author.	Peter G. Tsouras	historian
occupation	Sally Gilpin was an English ballet dancer and choreographer.	Sally Gilpin	ballet dancer	choreographer
occupation	Solon Nikitas (October 1, 1937 -- October 22, 2005) was a distinguished Cypriot judge and jurist.	Solon Nikitas	judge
occupation	Terry Peake is an American composer, record producer, multi-instrumentalist and owner of Robot Academy Music.	Terry Peake	composer	record producer
occupation	Horace C. Young (August 28, 1806 -- May 19, 1879) was an American architect and politician from New York.	Horace C. Young	politician
occupation	Jacqueline Steiner (born c. 1924) is an American folk singer, songwriter and social activist.	Jacqueline Steiner	songwriter
occupation	Kurt Westerfeld is a software developer who lives in Virginia.	Kurt Westerfeld	software developer
occupation	Kip Kubin (born March 4, 1965) is an American film director, producer, writer, musician, and sound designer.	Kip Kubin	film director
occupation	Shukria Barakzai is an Afghan politician, journalist and entrepreneur, and a prominent Muslim feminist.	Shukria Barakzai	politician
occupation	Andre Knight (born June 4, 1980 in Canberra, Australia), better known by his stage name Bukkcity, is an Australian-American rapper who is currently signed to the Unda K9 Records record label.	Bukkcity	rapper
occupation	Brad Posey is an American artist and video director.	Brad Posey	artist
occupation	Newbold Noyes, Jr. (August 10, 1918 -- December 18, 1997) was an American publisher, journalist and newspaper editor.	Newbold Noyes, Jr.	journalist
occupation	Chia Ching-teh (Chinese: 賈景德; pinyin: Jiǎ Jǐngdé) was a politician in the Republic of China.	Chia Ching-teh	politician
occupation	Nathan Ryno Smith (May 21, 1797 -- July 3, 1877) was an American surgeon and medical school professor.	Nathan Ryno Smith	surgeon
occupation	Viking Moses (or The Viking Moses!) is a band fronted by Brendon Massei, an American songwriter noted for being on tour since 1993.	Viking Moses	songwriter
occupation	Ian Anthony Dale (born July 3, 1978) is an American actor of Japanese, French and English descent.	Ian Anthony Dale	actor
occupation	Kendra Preston Leonard (born June 11, 1974, New Orleans) is a musicologist specializing in women in music and music and screen history in 20th century France, Britain, and America.	Kendra Preston Leonard	musicologist
occupation	Tom Ammiano (born December 15, 1941) is an American politician and LGBT rights activist from San Francisco, California.	Tom Ammiano	politician
occupation	Clifford Smyth (born 1934) is a historian and former politician in Northern Ireland.	Clifford Smyth	politician
occupation	Dru Lavigne is a network and systems administrator, IT instructor, technical writer and director at FreeBSD Foundation.	Dru Lavigne	writer
occupation	Maiken Nedergaard is a Danish neuroscientist who discovered the glymphatic system while working at the University of Rochester Medical Center.	Maiken Nedergaard	neuroscientist
occupation	Primož Ramovš (March 20, 1921 -- January 10, 1999) was a Slovenian composer and librarian.	Primož Ramovš	composer	librarian
occupation	Professor Konrad Seppelt is a chemist who leads a research group at the Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, Freie Universität Berlin (Institut für Anorganische und Analytische Chemie der Freien Universität Berlin).	Konrad Seppelt	chemist
occupation	Li Yundi (simplified Chinese: 李云迪; traditional Chinese: 李雲迪; pinyin: Lǐ Yúndí) (born October 7, 1982) is a Chinese classical pianist.	Li Yundi	pianist
occupation	Terry Rusling (1931 - November 27, 1974) was a Canadian electronic music composer, who used graphic notation.	Terry Rusling	composer
occupation	Sydney Austen Cowper (13 October 1885 -- 17 June 1960) was a South African-born cricketer whose six-match first-class career spanned from 1908 to 1924.	Austen Cowper	cricketer
occupation	Jose Garces is an Ecuadorian American chef, restaurant owner, and Iron Chef.	Jose Garces	chef
occupation	Ernesto Juan Castellanos is a Cuban freelance author, translator, educator, journalist, producer, filmmaker, and researcher who currently lives and works in Miami.	Ernesto Juan Castellanos	journalist
occupation	Odunlade Adekola (born December 31, 1978) is a Nigerian actor, Singer, film-maker, producer and director.	Odunlade Adekola	actor
occupation	Chad Marshall (known by his stage name, Rowdy Rebel) is an American rapper from Brooklyn who is signed to Epic Records.	Rowdy Rebel	rapper
occupation	Panagiotis Verdes is the Greek inventor of the 6x6x6, 7x7x7, 8x8x8 and 9x9x9 Twisty Puzzles.	Panagiotis Verdes	inventor
occupation	Chen Cheng-jia (Chinese: 陳成家; pinyin: Chén Chéngjiā) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen Cheng-jia	politician
occupation	Woody Deck (born June 8, 1983 in Nashville, TN) is an American professional poker player residing in Vilnius, Lithuania.	Woody Deck	poker player
occupation	Franz Karl Basler-Kopp (1879--1937) was a Swiss painter, best known for his illustrations of Swiss fairy tales.	Franz Karl Basler-Kopp	painter
occupation	Gaudencio Sillona III (born February 1, 1981), who performs under the mononym Jay R, is a Filipino singer-songwriter, actor, record producer and model.	Jay R	singer	actor
occupation	Sir Antoine-Aimé Dorion, PC (January 17, 1818 -- May 31, 1891) was a French Canadian politician and jurist.	Antoine-Aimé Dorion	politician
occupation	Sal Restivo (born 1940) is a sociologist/anthropologist.	Sal Restivo	sociologist
occupation	Trevor Denis ApIvor (April 14, 1916 -- May 27, 2004) was a British composer, part of the generation of modernists that included Humphrey Searle and Elisabeth Lutyens.	Denis ApIvor	composer
occupation	Boone Speed (born August 29, 1965) is an award-winning American photographer and influential figure within the sport of rock climbing.	Boone Speed	photographer
occupation	Dan Voiculescu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈdan vojkuˈlesku); born September 25, 1946) was a Romanian politician and businessman.	Dan Voiculescu	politician
occupation	Donato da Cascia (also da Firenze or da Florentia) (fl. c. 1350 -- 1370) was an Italian composer of the Trecento.	Donato da Cascia	composer
occupation	Wayne Grigsby is a Canadian screenwriter and producer, mainly for television.	Wayne Grigsby	screenwriter
occupation	Brian Cannon is a British graphic designer, art director, band manager and music video director.	Brian Cannon	graphic designer
occupation	Matt Andersen is a Juno Awards nominated Canadian blues guitarist and singer-songwriter, from Perth-Andover, New Brunswick, signed to True North Records.	Matt Andersen	singer
occupation	Shirley O'Loughlin, photographer, is a principal lecturer and course leader of BA (Hons) Photography at the University of Westminster, London, UK.	Shirley O'Loughlin	photographer
occupation	Tanya Biank is an American journalist, author, and speaker.	Tanya Biank	journalist
occupation	Dave Kleis (born January 21, 1964) is a Minnesota politician, and the mayor of St. Cloud, Minnesota.	Dave Kleis	politician
occupation	Stuart Roy Clarke is an English photographer from Hertfordshire.	Stuart Roy Clarke	photographer
occupation	Daniel Blaisdell (January 22, 1762 -- January 10, 1833) was an American teacher, farmer, politician and judge.	Daniel Blaisdell	politician	judge
occupation	Lynne Roberts was the sister of actor John S. Roberts.	Lynne Roberts	actor
occupation	Ralph Austin Bard (July 29, 1884 -- April 5, 1975) was a Chicago financier who served as Assistant Secretary of the Navy, 1941--1944, and as Under Secretary, 1944--1945.	Ralph Austin Bard	financier
occupation	Peggy Noland is an American fashion designer in Kansas City, Missouri.	Peggy Noland	fashion designer
occupation	Victoria Mallory (September 20, 1948 -- August 30, 2014) was an American singer and actress, best known for originating the role of Anne Egerman in the Broadway musical A Little Night Music.	Victoria Mallory	singer
occupation	Charles Elzer Loudermilk (July 7, 1927 -- January 26, 2011), known professionally as Charlie Louvin, was an American country music singer and songwriter.	Charlie Louvin	singer	songwriter
occupation	Gerri Willis, is an American television news journalist and host of The Willis Report, a daytime program on the Fox Business Network, focusing on consumer and personal finance issues.	Gerri Willis	journalist
occupation	Giuseppe Angelini, known as la Regina (circa 1675 - November 20, 1751) was an Italian painter.	Giuseppe Angelini	painter
occupation	Robert A. Woodruff (born September 1943) is an American physicist who is known principally for having designed and worked on a wide variety of instruments for space telescopes.	Robert A. Woodruff	physicist
occupation	Priya Himesh (also credited as Priya Hemesh) is an Indian multilingual Playback singer for the feature films.	Priya Himesh	singer
occupation	Jashim Salam (born 1978) is a Bangladeshi documentary photographer and photojournalist.	Jashim Salam	photographer
occupation	In January 2014, U.S. District Judge Charlene Edwards Honeywell ruled against Kolodziej, now an attorney, based on the issue that ``Kolodziej was acting on edited comments by Florida lawyer James Cheney Mason that didn't reflect his true offer.	Cheney Mason	lawyer
occupation	During the debate over ratification of the United States Constitution, Virginia politician John Dawson, at the state's ratifying convention in 1788, spoke of the ``atrocious murder'' of Pertinax by the Praetorian Guard as an example of the danger of establishing a standing army.	Pertinax	politician
occupation	Fu Yuanhui (born January 7, 1996) is a Chinese competitive swimmer and backstroke specialist.	Fu Yuanhui	swimmer
occupation	Taner Sağır is the younger brother of Olympic weightlifter Nezir Sağır.	Taner Sağır	weightlifter
occupation	Tanya Cook (born November 9, 1964, in Agana, Guam) is a politician from the U.S. state of Nebraska.	Tanya Cook	politician
occupation	Izidore Musallam is a Palestinian film director, producer and screenwriter who most recently produced the Sci Fi Pictures original film:	Izidore Musallam	film director
occupation	Christopher Lee Schamber, (born December 26, 1982) better known by his stage name Savage Sun, is an American rapper and hip hop recording artist from Stockton, California.	Savage Sun	rapper
occupation	John Quincy Adams Ward (June 29, 1830 -- May 1, 1910) was an American sculptor, who is most familiar for his over-lifesize standing statue of George Washington on the steps of Federal Hall on Wall Street.	John Quincy Adams Ward	sculptor
occupation	Percy Daggs III (born July 20, 1982) is an American actor best known for his role as Wallace Fennel in the Rob Thomas television series Veronica Mars.	Percy Daggs III	actor
occupation	Benjamin Wood (October 13, 1820 -- February 21, 1900) was a nineteenth-century American politician from the state of New York during the American Civil War.	Benjamin Wood	politician
occupation	Maude Fulton (May 14, 1881 -- November 9, 1950) was a Broadway stage actress, playwright, composer, dancer, concert pianist, stage director, theater manager, and later a Hollywood screenwriter and actress.	Maude Fulton	screenwriter
occupation	Kalpana Kannabiran is an Indian sociologist and lawyer.	Kalpana Kannabiran	sociologist
occupation	Bonawentura Niemojowski (Polish pronunciation: (bɔnavɛnˈtura ɲɛmɔˈjɔfskʲi); September 4, 1787 - June 15, 1835) was a Polish lawyer, writer and politician.	Bonawentura Niemojowski	politician
occupation	Kenneth O. Hanson (1922 -- November 28, 2003 in Athens, Greece) was an American teacher, translator, and poet.	Kenneth O. Hanson	poet
occupation	Eugene Feenberg (October 6, 1906 in Fort Smith, Texas -- November 7, 1977) was an American physicist who made contributions to quantum mechanics and nuclear physics.	Eugene Feenberg	physicist
occupation	Ozra Amander Hadley (June 30, 1826 -- July 18, 1915) was an American politician and acting governor of the U.S. state of Arkansas.	Ozra Amander Hadley	politician
occupation	Nathan Einhorn was a journalist and Executive Secretary of the American Newspaper Guild in New York from 1938 to 1946.	Nathan Einhorn	journalist
occupation	Fran McNulty is an Irish journalist with the Irish National Broadcaster RTÉ.	Fran McNulty	journalist
occupation	Ali Khattab (July 4, 1977) is an Egyptian composer and guitarist.	Ali Khattab	composer
occupation	Shelley Hirsch (born June 9, 1952 in Brooklyn, New York) is a singer, performer, and composer.	Shelley Hirsch	singer	composer
occupation	Paul Barbera (born September 19, 1973) is a New York City-based photographer best known for his book Where They Create.	Paul Barbera	photographer
occupation	Chantal Sébire (January 28, 1955 -- March 19, 2008) was a retired French teacher who suffered from esthesioneuroblastoma, a rare form of cancer, and fought for the right to die through euthanasia.	Chantal Sébire	teacher
occupation	Don Matheson (August 5, 1929 -- June 29, 2014), was an American soldier and policeman who later became a television actor, likely best known for his continuing role in Irwin Allen's series Land of the Giants.	Don Matheson	actor
occupation	As a political cartoonist, Thomas Nast wielded more influence than any other artist of the 19th century.	Thomas Nast	artist
occupation	Adino Nye Bell (born February 3, 1866 - died October 26, 1956) was a Democratic politician who was elected to serve in the Vermont House of Representatives for five terms (1910, 1941, 1944, 1951, and 1953).	Adino Nye Bell	politician
occupation	Daniel Arsenault is an American photographer who specializes in photos of urban settings in Manhattan, New York City.	Daniel Arsenault	photographer
occupation	Marc Lamont Hill (born December 17, 1978) is an American academic, journalist, author, activist, and television personality.	Marc Lamont Hill	author
occupation	Diane Urquhart is an independent financial analyst and former senior securities industry executive.	Diane Urquhart	financial analyst
occupation	Dave Larder is an English rugby league player who currently plays in National League One with Halifax.	Dave Larder	rugby league player
occupation	Patrick Aebischer was trained as an MD (1980) and a neuroscientist (Dr. Med., 1983) at the University of Geneva and University of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Patrick Aebischer	neuroscientist
occupation	Joe Egender is an American actor, producer, and screenwriter.	Joe Egender	actor
occupation	Hermes Davide Fastino Croatto Martinis, better known as Tony Croatto (March 2, 1940, some sources state his year of birth as 1939 -- April 3, 2005) was an Italian singer and composer best known for his interpretations of Puerto Rican folk music.	Tony Croatto	singer	composer
occupation	James K. M. Cheng is a Canadian architect best known for his condominium towers in Vancouver, British Columbia.	James K. M. Cheng	architect
occupation	Algis Budrys (January 9, 1931 -- June 9, 2008) was a Lithuanian-American science fiction author, editor, and critic.	Algis Budrys	editor
occupation	Charles E. Stewart, Jr. (born September 1, 1916, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, d. October 28, 1994, Poughkeepsie, New York) was a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.	Charles E. Stewart, Jr.	judge
occupation	Óscar Pereiro Sío (pronounced: (ˈos.kaɾ pe.reˈi.ro ˈsi.o); born August 3, 1977) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer.	Óscar Pereiro	bicycle racer
occupation	Alfonso dalla Viola (also della Viola) (c. 1508 -- c. 1573) was an Italian composer and instrumentalist of the Renaissance.	Alfonso dalla Viola	composer
occupation	Ross Gibbs is a former Australian rules footballer who played for West Perth in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Ross Gibbs	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Otmar Gutmann (April 24, 1937 - October 13, 1993) was a German television producer, animator, and director.	Otmar Gutmann	television producer
occupation	Charles Willson Peale (April 15, 1741 -- February 22, 1827) was an American painter, soldier, scientist, inventor, politician and naturalist.	Charles Willson Peale	painter
occupation	R. M. Fink (also known as Rita M. Fink) is an American screenwriter best known as one of the creators of Dirty Harry.	R. M. Fink	screenwriter
occupation	Saurabh Pandey(born 11 May 1988) is an Indian Television and Bollywood actor.	Saurabh Pandey	actor
occupation	Igor Grigoriev, born on January 24, 1955 in Moscow is a musician, composer, arranger, band leader, and improvisational guitarist.	Igor Grigoriev	musician	composer
occupation	Galton Blackiston is an English chef, born in Norfolk.	Galton Blackiston	chef
occupation	Charles Pomeroy Stone (September 30, 1824 -- January 24, 1887) was a career United States Army officer, civil engineer, and surveyor.	Charles Pomeroy Stone	officer
occupation	Van Epperson is an American actor, director, screenwriter, script doctor, acting teacher, and public speaker.	Van Epperson	actor
occupation	Gu Zhengyi (simplified Chinese: 顾正谊; traditional Chinese: 顧正誼; pinyin: Gù Zhèngyì; Wade--Giles: Ku Cheng-i) was a famed Chinese painter active during the Ming Dynasty.	Gu Zhengyi	painter
occupation	Micah Stephen Williams (born February 16, 1991) is an American actor, best known for his recurring role as Emmett on the Disney Channel sitcom Good Luck Charlie.	Micah Stephen Williams	actor
occupation	James Fortune (born November 29, 1978) is a two-time Grammy Award-nominated gospel music recording artist, songwriter and producer.	James Fortune	songwriter
occupation	Reinhold Rau (February 7, 1932 - February 11, 2006) was a well-known South African natural historian.	Reinhold Rau	historian
occupation	Jason Mercer is a multi-instrumental Canadian musician playing double bass, electric bass, banjo and guitar.	Jason Mercer	musician
occupation	Warwick Tucker is an Australian mathematician at Uppsala University who works on dynamical systems, chaos theory and computational mathematics.	Warwick Tucker	mathematician
occupation	Jay La Suer (born January 24, 1940, in Hutchinson, Kansas) is a Republican politician from the state of California.	Jay La Suer	politician
occupation	Peter Murnik (born December 14, 1965) is an American actor known for his various roles in television.	Peter Murnik	actor
occupation	Flemming Gomme Graae is an American psychiatrist and academician noted for his work on obsessive--compulsive disorder.	Flemming Gomme Graae	psychiatrist
occupation	George Strock was a photojournalist during World War II when he took a picture of three American soldiers who were killed during the Battle of Buna-Gona on the Buna beach.	George Strock	photojournalist
occupation	Lee Chao-ching (Chinese: 李朝卿; pinyin: Lǐ Cháoqīng) is a politician in Taiwan.	Lee Chao-ching	politician
occupation	Reinhold Olesch (born September 24, 1910 in Kattowitz (Upper Silesia), died June 23, 1990 in Cologne) was a linguist, Slavic studies Professor of University of Vienna.	Reinhold Olesch	linguist
occupation	Angela Ruth Hart (born 8 March 1972) billed as Angie Hart is an Australian pop singer best known for her role as lead vocalist in the alternative pop rock band Frente! and the Indie pop duo Splendid with her then husband Jesse Tobias.	Angie Hart	singer
occupation	Bernardo Bilotta (Arbërisht: Binard Bilota; November 29, 1843 -- June 16, 1918) was an Italian priest, poet and folklorist of Arbëreshë descent.	Bernardo Bilotta	poet
occupation	Jorge Alberto Ramos Comas (born September 11, 1946 in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico) was a Puerto Rican politician and former senator.	Jorge Alberto Ramos Comas	politician
occupation	Al Sutton MD (born December 7, 1933) is an American filmmaker, and actor, who has produced a variety of films of different genres, including documentaries in the medical field, documentaries of memorable, historic events, and theatrical films.	Al Sutton	actor
occupation	David Hackenberg is an American commercial beekeeper who started Hackenberg Apiaries which runs beehives in several American states.	David Hackenberg	beekeeper
occupation	Barry Leiba (born 1957) is a computer scientist and software researcher.	Barry Leiba	computer scientist
occupation	Hayk Ghazaryan (Armenian: Ղազարյան Հայկ Միրզաջանի) (August 23, 1930 -- August 19, 2014) is an Armenian historian and professor nominated to 2007 Nobel Prize for his ``The Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire'' academic work.	Hayk Ghazaryan	historian
occupation	Michel Sogny is a pianist, composer and doctor of philosophy who developed a new approach to teaching the piano.	Michel Sogny	pianist
occupation	Steven Erikson (born October 7, 1959) is the pseudonym of Steve Rune Lundin, a Canadian novelist, who was educated and trained as both an archaeologist and anthropologist.	Steven Erikson	anthropologist
occupation	Terenc Toçi (Italian: Terenzio Tocci, Arbërisht: Terenc Toçi, Terenc Toqi; 1880--1945) was an Albanian politician of Arbëresh origins.	Terenc Toçi	politician
occupation	Gilbert Gottfried (born February 28, 1955) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice artist.	Gilbert Gottfried	actor
occupation	Whitcomb L. Judson (March 7, 1846 -- December 7, 1909) was an American machine salesman, mechanical engineer and inventor.	Whitcomb L. Judson	engineer	inventor
occupation	Gina Glocksen (born July 4, 1984) is an American singer, who was the ninth-place finisher on the sixth season of American Idol.	Gina Glocksen	singer
occupation	Krim Belkacem (in Kabyle: Krim Belqasem) (September 14, 1922, Aït Yahia Moussa, Tizi Ouzou Province - October 18, 1970) was an Algerian revolutionary fighter and politician.	Krim Belkacem	politician
occupation	Chappie Angulo (born 1928) is an American-Mexican painter and illustrator whose work has been recognized with membership in Mexico's Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.	Chappie Angulo	painter
occupation	Volume I Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Soloist(s) Performance (with orchestra) 1983 Raymond Leppard (conductor), Wynton Marsalis & the National Philharmonic Orchestra for Haydn:	Wynton Marsalis	conductor
occupation	Dirk Helbing is a physicist, and professor of sociology, in particular of modelling and simulation.	Dirk Helbing	physicist
occupation	Charles ``Charlie'' J. Kalani Jr. (January 6, 1930 -- August 22, 2000) was an American professional wrestler, professional boxer, college football player, soldier, actor, and martial artist who, in fighting rings, was also known as Professor Toru Tanaka, or simply, Professor Tanaka.	Professor Tanaka	actor
occupation	Peter Lhotka is a Canadian film producer and theatre director who started in the entertainment industry as a performer at the age of nine.	Peter Lhotka	film producer	theatre director
occupation	Joseph Vincent Encarnacion (born August 15, 1989), better known as Joseph Vincent, is an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter.	Joseph Vincent	singer, and songwriter
occupation	Johannes de Ketham was a German physician living in Italy at the end of the fifteenth century.	Johannes de Ketham	physician
occupation	Traugott Sandmeyer (September 15, 1854 -- April 9, 1922) was a Swiss chemist after whom the Sandmeyer reaction, which he discovered 1884, was named.	Traugott Sandmeyer	chemist
occupation	Lynette Diaz is an American-born singer-songwriter living in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Lynette Diaz	singer
occupation	Karen Latham is an American painter, residing in Hastings, Minnesota.	Karen Latham	painter
occupation	Giuseppe Fioravanti was an Italian opera singer active during the first half of the 19th century.	Giuseppe Fioravanti	opera singer
occupation	Farzana Aslam is a Pakistani physicist and astronomer.	Farzana Aslam	physicist	astronomer
occupation	James Hayden Nicholas (born May 7, 1956) is a country guitarist, songwriter, and author.	Hayden Nicholas	songwriter
occupation	Frantz Charlet (1862--1928) was a Belgian painter, etcher, and lithographer.	Frantz Charlet	painter	etcher	lithographer
occupation	Zhang Sengyou (Chinese: 张僧繇, Zhāng Sēngyóu) was a famous Chinese painter the ink style in the reign of Liang Dynasty Emperor Wudi.	Zhang Sengyou	painter
occupation	Rudolph Rothe (1802--1877) was a Danish landscape architect who was awarded the high-ranking title of etatsråd for his achievements.	Rudolph Rothe	landscape architect
occupation	Ainjel Emme (born September 28, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and producer.	Ainjel Emme	singer, songwriter
occupation	Leon Bridges (born Todd Michael Bridges; July 13, 1989) is an American gospel and soul singer and songwriter from Fort Worth, Texas.	Leon Bridges	singer
occupation	Rajeshwar Dayal (1909--1999) was an Indian diplomat, writer, Ambassador of India to the former state of Yugoslavia and the Head of the United Nations Operation in the Congo.	Rajeshwar Dayal	diplomat
occupation	F. A. de Meuron, AIA, was an American architect practicing in Yonkers, New York and later New York City in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.	F. A. de Meuron	architect
occupation	Gary William Friedman is an American musical theatre, symphonic, film and television composer.	Gary William Friedman	composer
occupation	Martin S. Vilas (March 1, 1870 -- November 19, 1953) was a Vermont lawyer, politician and author who served as President of the Vermont State Senate.	Martin S. Vilas	lawyer	politician
occupation	Eugene Daub (born November 13, 1942) is an American contemporary figure sculptor, best known for his portraits and figurative monument sculpture created in the classic heroic style.	Eugene Daub	sculptor
occupation	Bryan Ryley is a Canadian artist and educator based in Vernon, British Columbia.	Bryan Ryley	artist
occupation	Nadif Chowdhury (born April 21, 1987 in Manikganj) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who has represented Bangladesh Under-19s and has played a Twenty20 International for his country.	Nadif Chowdhury	cricketer
occupation	Wai-Chi Fang (Chinese: 方偉騏) is a Taiwanese engineer.	Wai-Chi Fang	engineer
occupation	Brian Hooks (born July 27, 1973) is an Afro-American actor, producer and director.	Brian Hooks	actor
occupation	Thomas Amlong (June 15, 1935 -- January 26, 2009) was an American competition rower and Olympic champion.	Thomas Amlong	rower
occupation	Peter Guy Wolynes is an American theoretical chemist and physicist.	Peter Guy Wolynes	chemist
occupation	Irwin Yablans (born July 25, 1934) is an American independent film producer and distributor known for his work in the horror film industry.	Irwin Yablans	film producer
occupation	Pius Okigbo (February 6, 1924 -- 2000) was an eminent Nigerian economist from Ojoto, Anambra State; he was the older brother of the poet Christopher Okigbo.	Pius Okigbo	economist
occupation	Penny Lee Dean is an American long distance swimmer began her career with her swim across frigid San Francisco bay at age 10.	Penny Lee Dean	swimmer
occupation	Alexa Dectis (born March 5, 1993) is an American television actress, pop singer, songwriter, and inspirational activist who rose to fame after the release of her album Fairy Tale.	Alexa Dectis	singer, songwriter
occupation	Sheikh Khalaf al-Ulayyan (also transliterated as al-`Ulya) is an Iraqi politician and the leader of the Sunni Islamist-led Iraqi National Dialogue Council.	Khalaf al-Ulayyan	politician
occupation	Gary Romine is an American entrepreneur, Republican member of the Missouri Senate, and former teacher.	Gary Romine	entrepreneur	teacher
occupation	Rosamond Pinchot (October 26, 1904 -- January 24, 1938) was an American socialite, stage and film actress.	Rosamond Pinchot	socialite
occupation	Roger Dorsinville (March 11, 1911 - January 12, 1992) was a Haitian poet, journalist, novelist, politician, and diplomat.	Roger Dorsinville	poet	journalist	politician	diplomat
occupation	Lonnie Brooks (born Lee Baker Jr., December 18, 1933) is an American blues singer and guitarist.	Lonnie Brooks	singer
occupation	Paul Yates (a.k.a. Paul Francis Sanchez Yates) is an American filmmaker, artist, and musician.	Paul Yates	musician
occupation	Suwinit Panjamawat (Thai: สุวินิจ ปัญจมะวัต, born 1984) is a Thai actor.	Suwinit Panjamawat	actor
occupation	Felix Scott is a British born actor who has played the role of Charlie Thomas in the BBC Radio 4 soap The Archers since 2014.	Felix Scott	actor
occupation	Ismaël Bullialdus (1605--1694) was a famous astronomer and mathematician during the seventeenth century.	Ismaël Bullialdus	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Brian Courtney Wilson is an American gospel and CCM singer.	Brian Courtney Wilson	singer
occupation	Susanne Porsche (née Bresser, born June 4, 1952 in Frankfurt) is a German film producer.	Susanne Porsche	film producer
occupation	Daniel Duncan McKenzie, PC (January 8, 1859 -- June 8, 1927) was a Canadian lawyer, judge, and politician.	Daniel Duncan McKenzie	lawyer	politician
occupation	Charles Martin Smith (born October 30, 1953) is an American film actor, writer, and director.	Charles Martin Smith	actor
occupation	Omid Kamvari is a British Iranian architect, researcher, and educator.	Omid Kamvari	architect
occupation	Master of the Furies is the provisional name of an ivory sculptor working in the early 17th century.	Master of the Furies	sculptor
occupation	John Skerrett (Augustinian), Irish preacher and missionary, c.1620--c.1688.	John Skerrett (Augustinian)	missionary
occupation	Abner Lacock (July 9, 1770 -- April 12, 1837) was an American surveyor, civil engineer, and politician from Rochester, Pennsylvania.	Abner Lacock	civil engineer	politician
occupation	Lesley Kagen is an America, Milwaukee native, and national bestselling novelist.	Lesley Kagen	novelist
occupation	Tarsila do Amaral, (September 1, 1886 -- January 17, 1973), known simply as Tarsila, is considered to be one of the leading Latin American modernist artists, described as ``the Brazilian painter who best achieved Brazilian aspirations for nationalistic expression in a modern style.''	Tarsila do Amaral	painter
occupation	Layne Britton (September 5, 1907 -- December 12, 1993), sometimes credited as Shotgun Britton, was a makeup artist and actor in Hollywood from 1939 until 1989.	Layne Britton	actor
occupation	Benjamin Beduneau, also known as Lancelot, is a French composer.	Benjamin Beduneau	composer
occupation	Barry Kitson is a British comics artist best known as a penciler of major superhero comic books published by Marvel Comics and DC Comics.	Barry Kitson	comics artist
occupation	Guy Otto Farmer (September 13, 1912 -- October 4, 1995) was an American lawyer and civil servant.	Guy Otto Farmer	lawyer
occupation	Tony Fryklund is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Lightweight division.	Tony Fryklund	mixed martial artist
occupation	Dr. Abdul Hafeez Shaikh (Urdu: عبدالحفیظ شیخ‎) is a Pakistani political economist of international repute with over 30 years of experience in economic policy-making, management and implementation.	Abdul Hafeez Shaikh	economist
occupation	Rasta Kuzma Ramacandra (known professionally as Rasta Thomas) was born on July 18, 1981 in San Francisco and is a dancer, martial artist, gymnast and choreographer.	Rasta Thomas	choreographer
occupation	Robert Scoble (born January 18, 1965) is an American blogger, technical evangelist, and author.	Robert Scoble	blogger
occupation	Leon Redler is a doctor of medicine, a psychiatrist, a psychotherapist, and teacher of the Alexander Technique.	Leon Redler	psychiatrist
occupation	Thomas Bänsch is a retired East German rower who won two silver and two bronze medals at the world championships of 1985--1990.	Thomas Bänsch	rower
occupation	Jon Rydberg (born October 7, 1977) is a world-class wheelchair tennis player.	Jon Rydberg	wheelchair tennis player
occupation	Larry Pozner is an American lawyer and author, and lecturer.	Larry Pozner	lawyer
occupation	Shozo Sato, an internationally renowned Japanese master of Zen arts and visionary theatre director, most known for adapting Western classics to Japanese Kabuki theatre.	Shozo Sato	theatre director
occupation	Jacqui Morgan, (February 22, 1939 -- July 3, 2013) born Jacquelynn Morganstern in New York, was an American illustrator, educator and watercolour painter.	Jacqui Morgan	painter
occupation	George C. Braden (August 18, 1868 -- January 8, 1942) was an American politician who served as the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Ohio from 1928 to 1929.	George C. Braden	politician
occupation	John D. LeMay (born March 7, 1962) is a former American actor who has starred in TV shows and in films.	John D. LeMay	actor
occupation	Ms. Jade (born Chevon Young) is an American rapper from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Ms. Jade	rapper
occupation	Tim Podraza is an American football official in the National Football League (NFL) since the 2008 NFL season, wearing number 47.	Tim Podraza	official
occupation	Eugene Field, Sr. (September 2, 1850 -- November 4, 1895) was an American writer, best known for his children's poetry and humorous essays.	Eugene Field	writer
occupation	The commemorative blue plaque on India House fixed by the Historic Building and Monuments Commission for England reads ``Vinayak Damodar Savarkar 1883-1966 Indian patriot and philosopher lived here''.	Vinayak Damodar Savarkar	philosopher
occupation	Jenni Hogan is an entrepreneur, TV host and journalist.	Jenni Hogan	entrepreneur
occupation	Paul Hampton (born August 20, 1937) is an American actor, singer, lyricist and writer.	Paul Hampton	actor
occupation	Paul Brownstein is a director, writer, stage manager, and executive producer, working in the fields of television, music, recording, radio, concert touring, and home video.	Paul Brownstein	executive producer
occupation	Robert Rive was a 19th-century photographer who was born in Great Britain but developed most of his work in Italy.	Robert Rive	photographer
occupation	Geoffrey Zanelli or Geoff Zanelli (born September 28, 1974) is a composer working primarily in the medium of film music.	Geoff Zanelli	composer
occupation	Apisai Toga (1945-1973) was a Fijian rugby league player that played for the St George Dragons and the Rochdale Hornets during the 1960s and mid-1970s.	Apisai Toga	rugby league player
occupation	Aki Shibata (芝田安希 Shibata Aki, born January 6, 1981) was a Japanese volleyball player who played for Toray Arrows.	Aki Shibata	volleyball player
occupation	Jane Slaughter (born January 9, 1949) is an American journalist who writes frequently on labor affairs.	Jane Slaughter	journalist
occupation	Olga Paterova (Cyrillic: Ольга Патерова) is a young politician in Transnistria.	Olga Paterova	politician
occupation	Baron Wolman (born June 25, 1937) is an American photographer best known for his work in the late 1960s for the music magazine Rolling Stone, becoming the magazine's first editor of photography from 1967 to 1970.	Baron Wolman	photographer
occupation	Goran Dukić is a Croatian film director, screenwriter and actor best known for writing and directing the 2006 film Wristcutters:	Goran Dukić	film director	actor
occupation	Phil Nyokai James is a professional shakuhachi (Japanese bamboo flute) teacher and performer as well as avant-garde composer.	Phil Nyokai James	composer
occupation	Meena Menon (Hindi: मीना मेनन, Mīnā Mēnana, born: December 27, 1970) is an Indian voice-dubbing artist and trained singer who speaks English and Hindi as her mother-tongue languages.	Meena Menon	singer
occupation	Maria Emilie Snethlage (April 13, 1868 -- November 25, 1929) was a German-born Brazilian naturalist and ornithologist who worked on the bird fauna of the Amazon.	Emilie Snethlage	ornithologist
occupation	Martin Fiala (born January 25, 1968 in Prague) is a retired Czech-born German freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross and a former World Cup alpine skier.	Martin Fiala	alpine skier
occupation	Ludovico Costa (active 1648-1657) was an Italian painter, active mainly in his native Soncino and nearby towns.	Ludovico Costa	painter
occupation	Jeremy O'Day (born August 31, 1974, in Buffalo, New York) is the current assistant general manager of the Saskatchewan Roughriders and a retired Canadian Football League offensive lineman.	Jeremy O'Day	general manager
occupation	Bob Dutko (born November 12, 1960) is a conservative Christian talk radio host in Detroit, Michigan on the Crawford Broadcasting Network.	Bob Dutko	radio host
occupation	David N. Donihue (David Nelson Donihue, b. April 25, 1974) is an American writer, director and actor.	David N. Donihue	actor
occupation	Billy McLaughlin is a new age acoustic guitarist, composer and producer from Minnesota, United States.	Billy McLaughlin	composer
occupation	Pernille Mølgaard Hansen later Kaagaard is a former Danish badminton player.	Pernille Mølgaard Hansen	badminton player
occupation	Glenn Sisco is an American Republican Party politician, who served as the mayor of Kinnelon, New Jersey for over 42 years.	Glenn Sisco	politician
occupation	Mathias Katamba is a Ugandan economist, business executive, banker and entrepreneur.	Mathias Katamba	economist	entrepreneur
occupation	Daniel Zwerdling is an American investigative journalist and radio broadcasting reporter for NPR News.	Daniel Zwerdling	journalist
occupation	Carolyn Scott is an art director and set decorator.	Carolyn Scott	art director
occupation	Severo Colberg Toro (born in November 6, 1953 in Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician and attorney.	Severo Colberg Toro	politician
occupation	Rosanne Cash (born May 24, 1955) is an American singer-songwriter and author.	Rosanne Cash	singer-songwriter
occupation	Mazhar-ul-Islam (also known by his nickname Damal or Damaal), born in Bikrampur, near Dacca, is a Bengali cricketer.	Mazhar-ul-Islam	cricketer
occupation	Bradley Buecker is an American television and film director, producer, and editor.	Bradley Buecker	film director
occupation	Zbigniew J. Lipowski, MD, (also known as Bish in North America; November 22, 1924 -- December 30, 1997) was a Polish psychiatrist, historian, author, political commentator and speaker.	Zbigniew J. Lipowski	psychiatrist
occupation	Milton Preves (June 18, 1909 in Cleveland, Ohio -- June 11, 2000 in Glenview, Illinois) was a violist, conductor.	Milton Preves	conductor
occupation	Louis-Jules André (1819-1890) was a French academic architect and the head of an important atelier at the École des Beaux-Arts.	Louis-Jules André	architect
occupation	John Oszajca (pronounced OH-ZSA-KUH; born May 8, 1974) is an American singer-songwriter born in Hawaii.	John Oszajca	singer-songwriter
occupation	Nanda Kishore is an Indian film director and screenwriter who works in Kannada cinema.	Nanda Kishore	film director
occupation	Henry Warren Beatty (/ˈbeɪti/ BAY-tee; born March 30, 1937) is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and director.	Warren Beatty	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Johann Georg Veit Engelhardt (November 12, 1791 -- September 13, 1855), a German Protestant theologian.	Johann Georg Veit Engelhardt	theologian
occupation	Steven G. Kaplan (February 23, 1962) is an American film and television producer and co-founder of the film production company Rainstorm Entertainment.	Steven G. Kaplan	television producer
occupation	Mark Zanna, Ph.D. (Yale), FRSC, is a social psychologist at the University of Waterloo.	Mark Zanna	psychologist
occupation	Howard Franklin is an American screenwriter and film director, known for such films as The Name of the Rose and Quick Change, his collaboration with Bill Murray.	Howard Franklin	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Rasmus Seebach (Danish: (ˌʁɑsmus ˈseːˀb̥ɑɡ̊); born March 28, 1980) is a Danish singer-songwriter and record producer who had his debut with the Danish language single ``Engel'' (English: ``Angel'') in April 2009.	Rasmus Seebach	singer
occupation	Meriva M. Carpenter (born April 28, 1802 in Ellington, Connecticut), was a noted nineteenth-century painter of landscapes and miniature portraits.	Meriva M. Carpenter	painter
occupation	Beau McCoy (born November 12, 1980, in Burlington, Colorado) is an American politician from Omaha, Nebraska.	Beau McCoy	politician
occupation	Judith Bingham is a British composer and mezzo-soprano singer.	Judith Bingham	composer
occupation	Neguinho da Beija-Flor, stage name of Luiz Feliciano Antonio Neguinho da Beija-Flor Marcondes, (Nova Iguaçu, June 29, 1949) is a samba singer and composer.	Neguinho da Beija-Flor	singer	composer
occupation	Dominic Andres (born October 6, 1972) is a Swiss curler and Olympic champion.	Dominic Andres	curler
occupation	Siri Kaur is an artist/photographer who lives and works in Los Angeles, where she also serves as Associate Professor at Otis College of Art and Design.	Siri Kaur	photographer
occupation	David R. Bryant (born May 8, 1936 in Greensboro, North Carolina, USA) is an internationally acclaimed organic chemist, having worked his entire thirty-nine-year ``early career'' at Union Carbide.	David R. Bryant	chemist
occupation	Peter Marinker is a London-based actor well known for his work on BBC Radio, his many audio book recordings and his association with publisher John Calder and the works of Samuel Beckett.	Peter Marinker	actor
occupation	Gyula Y. Katona (born December 4, 1965) is a Hungarian mathematician, the son of mathematician Gyula O. H. Katona.	Gyula Y. Katona	mathematician
occupation	George Rockingham Gilmer (April 11, 1790 -- November 16, 1859) was an American statesman and politician.	George Rockingham Gilmer	politician
occupation	Jonathan Borofsky (born December 24, 1942) is an American sculptor and printmaker who lives and works in Ogunquit, Maine.	Jonathan Borofsky	sculptor
occupation	Alexander of Aphrodisias (Greek: Ἀλέξανδρος ὁ Ἀφροδισιεύς; fl. 200 AD) was a Peripatetic philosopher and the most celebrated of the Ancient Greek commentators on the writings of Aristotle.	Alexander of Aphrodisias	philosopher
occupation	Neravanda Aiyappa, aka NC Aiyappa (born 19 October 1979), is an Indian first-class cricketer.	Neravanda Aiyappa	cricketer
occupation	William Maclay Awl (May 24, 1799 -- November 19, 1876) was a psychiatrist, a politician and a mental health hospital administrator.	William Maclay Awl	psychiatrist
occupation	Johnny Trí Nguyễn (born 16 January 1974; Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese American actor, stuntman and martial arts choreographer who is mainly active in the Vietnamese film industry.	Johnny Trí Nguyễn	actor
occupation	Maksim Mrvica (Croatian pronunciation: (mâksim mr̩̂ʋitsa); born May 3, 1975) is a Croatian pianist.	Maksim Mrvica	pianist
occupation	Larry Tye is an American non-fiction author and journalist known for his 2009 biography Satchel:	Larry Tye	journalist
occupation	Cyril J. Mockridge (August 6, 1896 - January 18, 1979) was an English film and television composer who composed the scores for such films as Cheaper by the Dozen, River of No Return and The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance.	Cyril J. Mockridge	composer
occupation	John Vaughan Thompson FLS (November 19, 1779 -- January 21, 1847) was a British military surgeon, marine biologist, zoologist, botanist, and published naturalist.	John Vaughan Thompson	zoologist	botanist
occupation	Im Ho (born January 27, 1970) is a South Korean actor, perhaps best known for playing King Jungjong in the television series Dae Jang Geum and Yeon Namsaeng in the TV series Dae Jo Yeong.	Im Ho	actor
occupation	Wei Liqun (simplified Chinese: 魏礼群; traditional Chinese: 魏禮群; pinyin: Wèi Lǐqún) is a Chinese politician.	Wei Liqun	politician
occupation	Ewa Björling is a dentist, Doctor of Medicine and a docent in virology.	Ewa Björling	dentist
occupation	Bruce Korte (born in Muenster, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian curler from Saskatoon.	Bruce Korte	curler
occupation	Tommie Young (born January 14, 1949) is an American soul and gospel singer from Dallas, Texas.	Tommie Young	singer
occupation	Stu Silver is an American screenwriter and television writer best known for such films and television series as Throw Momma from the Train, It's A Living, Bosom Buddies and Soap.	Stu Silver	screenwriter
occupation	Adrian McAdam (born 12 March 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the early 1990s.	Adrian McAdam	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Arthur J. Fletman, commonly known as Art Feltman, is an American politician from the state of Connecticut.	Art Feltman	politician
occupation	Kasper Goski (died 1576) was a Polish doctor, astrologer and the mayor of Poznań.	Kasper Goski	astrologer
occupation	Barry Shulman (born May 8, 1946) is an American poker player who has enjoyed success in competitive poker tournaments over the past 15 years, and is the CEO of CardPlayer Magazine.	Barry Shulman	poker player
occupation	Claire Armstrong is a British amateur astronomer.	Claire Armstrong	astronomer
occupation	Gary Robichaud (September 13, 1962 -- September 8, 2005) was a Canadian teacher and politician, and leader of the Island New Democrats political party in the province of Prince Edward Island.	Gary Robichaud	politician
occupation	Bill Homans, professionally known as ``Watermelon Slim'', is an American blues musician.	Watermelon Slim	musician
occupation	Scipione Stella (1558 or 1559 -- May 20, 1622) was a Neapolitan composer.	Scipione Stella	composer
occupation	Gary Adler is an American composer and musical director based in New York.	Gary Adler	composer
occupation	Ollie Mitchell (April 8, 1927 -- May 11, 2013) was an American musician and bandleader.	Ollie Mitchell	musician	bandleader
occupation	Lisa Randall (born June 18, 1962) is an American theoretical physicist and an expert on particle physics and cosmology.	Lisa Randall	physicist
occupation	Philip Drucker (1911--1982) was an American anthropologist and archaeologist who specialized in the Native American peoples of the Northwest Coast of North America.	Philip Drucker	anthropologist	archaeologist
occupation	Adelaide Orsola Appignani (1807 - 30 September 1884) was an Italian singer, conductor, music educator and composer.	Adelaide Orsola Appignani	music educator	composer
occupation	Alexander Herrmann (February 10, 1844 -- December 17, 1896) was a French magician, better known as Herrmann the Great.	Alexander Herrmann	magician
occupation	David Crowley (March 25, 1937 -- January 16, 2011) was a politician from Cincinnati, Ohio who served on the Cincinnati City Council and as Vice-Mayor of the city.	David Crowley	politician
occupation	Otto Torsten Andersson (June 6, 1926 -- May 30, 2009) was a Swedish modernist painter, best known for his theme of the realistic depiction of abstract sculptures, and two-dimensional exploration of three-dimensional objects, where the colors seem to be superimposed on a random and perfunctory manner.	Torsten Andersson	painter
occupation	Scola (born Rufus Waller on March 2, 1978) is an African-American singer and musician.	Rufus Waller	musician
occupation	Dona Spring (January 22, 1953 -- July 13, 2008) was an American activist and Green Party politician.	Dona Spring	politician
occupation	May French Sheldon is noted as a translator of Flaubert's Salammbô, and author of papers and essays, but acquired fame for an expedition.	May French Sheldon	translator
occupation	Sunanda K. Datta-Ray has been a Bengali journalist for half a century.	Sunanda K. Datta-Ray	journalist
occupation	Essra Mohawk (born Sandra Elayne Hurvitz on April 23, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter who has recorded a dozen albums, many receiving critical acclaim.	Essra Mohawk	singer-songwriter
occupation	Susan Gibson is a Wimberley, Texas based singer and songwriter who has released four solo albums and tours the nation.	Susan Gibson	singer
occupation	Max Adalbert (February 19, 1874 -- September 7, 1933) was a German stage and movie actor.	Max Adalbert	actor
occupation	Abū Yaʻqūb Isḥāq ibn Ibrāhīm ibn Mukhallad al-Ḥanzalī (Arabic: أبو يعقوب إسحاق بن إبراهيم بن مخْلد الحنظلي‎), commonly known as Ishaq Ibn Rahwayh (Arabic: إسحاق بن راهويه‎; 161 AH -- 238 AH), was the muhaddith, faqih and the imam of Khurasan of his time.	Ishaq Ibn Rahwayh	muhaddith
occupation	Nick Winston is an English stage director and choreographer working in theatre, opera and film.	Nick Winston	choreographer
occupation	Stan Bitters is an American ceramics sculptor whose work was instrumental in shaping the organic modernist movement in the 1960s.	Stan Bitters	sculptor
occupation	Tina Bride is a Flemish dance singer.	Tina Bride	singer
occupation	Ross Elliott (June 18, 1917 -- August 12, 1999) was an American television and film character actor.	Ross Elliott	actor
occupation	Valdis Pelšs currently works as a screen actor and manages child programms subdivision on Channel One.	Valdis Pelšs	actor
occupation	Pete Lund is a politician, small business owner, and part-time professor from the U.S. state of Michigan.	Pete Lund	politician
occupation	Catherine Lucy Hawking, FRSA (born 2 November 1970) is an English journalist and novelist.	Lucy Hawking	journalist	novelist
occupation	Andrew Jackson Poppleton (July 24, 1830 -- September 9, 1896) was a lawyer and politician in pioneer Omaha, Nebraska.	Andrew Jackson Poppleton	politician
occupation	Marc Erwin Babej (born March 30, 1970) is a German-American photographer and writer.	Marc Erwin Babej	photographer
occupation	Xiaoxing Xi (Chinese: 郗小星, p Xī Xiǎoxīng; b. 1958) is a Chinese-born American physicist.	Xiaoxing Xi	physicist
occupation	Stijn Celis is a Belgian choreographer and set designer.He danced in companies such as the Royal Ballet of Flanders, the Zürich Ballet, Contemporary Dance Zurich, Le Ballet du Grand Théâtre in Geneva and the Cullberg Ballet.	Stijn Celis	choreographer
occupation	George Shilling George's own website George Shilling video interview at Record production.com George Shilling at Allmusic George Shilling sound engineer and producer Official Sundae Club website	George Shilling	engineer
occupation	Orzubek Shayimov is an Uzbekistani boxer who competes as a bantamweight.	Orzubek Shayimov	boxer
occupation	San Banarje is a multiple award-winning American independent filmmaker, cinematographer, producer, screenwriter, editor, photographer and an actor.	San Banarje	cinematographer	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Brooklynn Snodgrass (born April 19, 1994) is a swimmer competing for Canada.	Brooklynn Snodgrass	swimmer
occupation	Elizabeth Shaughnessy Cohen (February 11, 1948 -- December 9, 1998) was a Canadian politician who represented the riding of Windsor--	Shaughnessy Cohen	politician
occupation	He wrote: ``David Gratzer is a practicing psychiatrist who combines firsthand knowledge of medical practice in both his native Canada and the U.S. with an independent point of view and a rare capacity for lucid exposition of complex technical material...	David Gratzer	psychiatrist
occupation	Barlas Erinç (Turkish: Barlas) is a Turkish musician, rock singer and song writer.	Barlas Erinç	singer
occupation	Kareem Blake, (born March 27, 1975) better known by his stage name Choclair, is a Canadian rapper.	Choclair	rapper
occupation	James Meetze (born November 26, 1977) /mɛts/ is an American poet, publisher, singer and songwriter.	James Meetze	songwriter
occupation	Charles Borland, Jr. (June 29, 1786 -- February 23, 1852) was an American politician and a U. S. Representative from New York.	Charles Borland, Jr.	politician
occupation	Katarina Majerhold (born May 20, 1971) is a Slovenian philosopher with a particular interest in philosophy of emotions, especially in philosophy of love and happiness in connection to immune system, philosophy of clowning (red noses), philosophical counseling and ethics.	Katarina Majerhold	philosopher
occupation	Robert Altomare (October 30, 1938 - April 28, 2012), known professionally as Bobby Alto, was an American actor, comedian and performer.	Bobby Alto	actor
occupation	John Bartram (March 23, 1699 -- September 22, 1777) was an early American botanist, horticulturist and explorer.	John Bartram	botanist
occupation	Brian Beedenbender (born May 11, 1980) is an American politician, former Suffolk County, New York Legislator, and former Chief of Staff to Brookhaven Supervisor Mark Lesko.	Brian Beedenbender	politician
occupation	Alex Shnaider (born 1968) is a Russian-born Canadian entrepreneur and former commodities trader.	Alex Shnaider	entrepreneur
occupation	August Chełkowski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈauɡust xɛwˈkɔfskʲi), February 27, 1927 -- October 31, 1999) was a prominent Polish physicist and politician.	August Chełkowski	physicist	politician
occupation	Johnny Pacar (born Johnny Edward Pacuraru; June 6, 1981) is an American film and television actor and musician of partial Romanian descent who is best known for his roles as Cody Jackson in the television series Flight 29 Down and as Damon Young on ABC Family's television series Make It or Break It.	Johnny Pacar	actor
occupation	Barbara Benary (born April 6, 1946) is an American composer and ethnomusicologist specializing in Indonesian and Indian music.	Barbara Benary	composer	ethnomusicologist
occupation	Sámuel Gyarmathi (Hungarian: Gyarmathi Sámuel) (July 15, 1751, Kolozsvár -- March 4, 1830, Kolozsvár) was a Hungarian linguist, born in Cluj (then Kolozsvár, Transylvania).	Sámuel Gyarmathi	linguist
occupation	David McGarry is an American musician, singer, voice actor, music producer, and composer.	David McGarry	composer
occupation	Anya Ulinich is a contemporary Russian American novelist, graphic novelist, and short-story writer.	Anya Ulinich	novelist
occupation	Origins of Human Choral Singing, Intelligence, Language and Speech'' (2006) is dedicated to the memory of Malkhaz Abdushelishvili and his lifelong friend, Russian anthropologist Valery Alekseyev.	Malkhaz Abdushelishvili	anthropologist
occupation	Jeong Doo-hee (also Jeong Du-hui, Korean: 정 두희; born December 4, 1984) is a South Korean former swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Jeong Doo-hee	swimmer
occupation	Harry Weldon Kees (February 24, 1914 -- July 18, 1955) was an American poet, painter, literary critic, novelist, playwright, jazz pianist, short story writer, and filmmaker.	Weldon Kees	painter	novelist
occupation	Valerio Festi is an Italian artistic director and producer.	Valerio Festi	artistic director
occupation	Philip Trajetta (Filippo Traetta) (January 8, 1777 -- January 9, 1854) was an Italian-born American composer and music teacher.	Philip Trajetta	composer
occupation	Yasir Nawaz Baloch is a Pakistani television director, producer, actor and model.	Yasir Nawaz	television director	model
occupation	Babanrao Lonikar (born 01 March 1961) is an Indian politician from Maharashtra state & Member in 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election, 2014.	Babanrao Lonikar	politician
occupation	Jim Jidhed (born February 23, 1963; sometimes known as Jim Willy Jidhed) is a Swedish rock singer.	Jim Jidhed	singer
occupation	Guido Caroli (born May 9, 1927) is an Italian speed skater who competed from the late 1940s to the mid-1950s.	Guido Caroli	speed skater
occupation	Syahrir is known as an economist and as a politician.	Syahrir	politician
occupation	Rickey A. Walcott (born. c.1982 in Barbados) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing who competes in his homeland and in Canada.	Rickey A. Walcott	jockey
occupation	Tanya Dormevil known by her stage name Devyn Rose, is an American singer-songwriter from New York, NY.	Devyn Rose	singer-songwriter
occupation	Roy L. Pinn (May 9, 1888 -- ?) was an American carpenter and politician.	Roy L. Pinn	politician
occupation	Walter Gautschi (December 11, 1927) is a Swiss-American mathematician, known for his contributions to numerical analysis.	Walter Gautschi	mathematician
occupation	Gustav Anders Hemwall (October 24, 1908 -- November 22, 1998) was a physician at West Suburban Hospital in Oak Park, Illinois and pioneer in prolotherapy.	Gustav Anders Hemwall	physician
occupation	Sandra Magsamen (born August 22, 1959) is an American author, artist, art therapist, and designer.	Sandra Magsamen	artist	designer
occupation	Zu Gengzhi (simplified Chinese: 祖暅之; traditional Chinese: 祖𣈶之; pinyin: Zǔ Gèngzhī; Wade--Giles: Tsu Keng-chih, born ca. 450, died ca. 520) was a Chinese mathematician.	Zu Gengzhi	mathematician
occupation	Mubasshar Hussein (Bengali: মোবাশ্বের হোসেন) is a Bangladeshi architect, urban planner and educator.	Mubasshar Hussein	architect
occupation	Ulla Sipilä is a Finnish ice hockey referee.	Ulla Sipilä	referee
occupation	Alhaji Ibrahim Ben Kargbo (born October 18, 1944), commonly known as I.B. Kargbo, is a Sierra Leonean journalist and politician.	Ibrahim Ben Kargbo	journalist
occupation	Tony Tubbs (born February 15, 1958) is an American former professional boxer who fought as a heavyweight.	Tony Tubbs	boxer
occupation	Wang Leehom (born May 17, 1976), sometimes credited as Leehom Wang, is a Chinese-American singer-songwriter, record producer, actor and film director.	Wang Leehom	singer-songwriter	actor	film director
occupation	Franz Eilhard Schulze (March 22, 1840 -- November 2, 1921) was a German anatomist and zoologist born in Eldena, near Greifswald.	Franz Eilhard Schulze	zoologist
occupation	Rafael Eduardo Estrella Virella (June 5, 1953) is a civil engineer, entrepreneur and Dominican politician.	Eduardo Estrella	entrepreneur	politician
occupation	Edward Robert Kenneth Glover (July 19, 1911 - March 23, 1967), known as Ted Glover, was an English cricketer who played for Glamorgan county cricket team between 1932 and 1938 as a right-arm fast-medium bowler.	Ted Glover	cricketer
occupation	Jocelyn Enriquez (born December 28, 1974) is an American dance-pop singer from San Francisco.	Jocelyn Enriquez	singer
occupation	Joëlle Ursull is a French singer of Guadeloupean origins.	Joëlle Ursull	singer
occupation	Michael J. Coppola (born December 7, 1942 in Boston, Massachusetts, died August 26, 2005 in Attleboro, Massachusetts) was an American politician who represented the 1st Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2001--2005.	Michael J. Coppola	politician
occupation	Paul Larson (Per-Åke Larson) is a computer scientist.	Paul Larson	computer scientist
occupation	Ahmed Adaweyah (Arabic: احمد عدوية‎) is an Egyptian singer of sha'abi music.	Ahmed Adaweyah	singer
occupation	Tamer Hamed Ali Zinhom Muhammad (also Tamer Hamed, Arabic: تامر حامد علي زينهم محمد‎; born February 4, 1974) is an Egyptian former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events.	Tamer Hamed	swimmer
occupation	Heinrich Wilhelm Matthias Olbers (/ˈoʊlbərz/; October 11, 1758 -- March 2, 1840) was a German physician and astronomer.	Heinrich Wilhelm Matthias Olbers	physician	astronomer
occupation	Sylvain Cossette (born May 8, 1963) is a French-Canadian singer-songwriter from Grand-Mère, Quebec (located in the Mauricie region).	Sylvain Cossette	singer
occupation	J. Baird Callicott is an American philosopher whose work has been at the forefront of the new field of environmental philosophy and ethics.	J. Baird Callicott	philosopher
occupation	Milhem Cortaz (born December 6, 1972) is a Brazilian actor of film, stage and television.	Milhem Cortaz	actor
occupation	Roberto Sánchez-Ocampo (August 19, 1945 -- January 4, 2010), better known by his artist names Sandro/Sandro de América (``Sandro of America''), Gitano (gypsy), and the Argentine Elvis, was a notable Argentine singer and actor.	Sandro de América	singer	actor
occupation	Harry Bridger (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 5 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1793 to 1796.	Harry Bridger	cricketer
occupation	Nick Haywood is a prominent Australian jazz double bass player, composer and music educator in Melbourne.	Nick Haywood	composer
occupation	Mike Connors (born Kreker Ohanian August 15, 1925) is an American actor best known for playing detective Joe Mannix in the CBS television series, Mannix.	Mike Connors	actor
occupation	Hu Chen-pu (Chinese: 胡鎮埔; pinyin: Hú Zhènbù) is a politician of the Republic of China (Taiwan).	Hu Chen-pu	politician
occupation	Ted Kooshian (born October 8, 1961) is an American, New York based jazz pianist, keyboardist, and composer, who has performed with artists that include Aretha Franklin, Chuck Berry, Marvin Hamlisch, Sarah Brightman, Il Divo.	Ted Kooshian	composer
occupation	Moses Cleaveland (January 29, 1754 -- November 16, 1806) was a lawyer, politician, soldier, and surveyor from Connecticut who founded the U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, while surveying the Western Reserve in 1796.	Moses Cleaveland	politician
occupation	Dean Lorey (born November 17, 1967) is an American writer whose projects include movies such as Major Payne and Animal Crackers, television shows which include My Wife and Kids and Arrested Development, and most recently a children's book, the first of a series, entitled Nightmare Academy.	Dean Lorey	writer
occupation	Justus Heinrich Wigand (September 13, 1769 - February 10, 1817) was a Baltic German obstetrician born in Reval (Tallinn).	Justus Heinrich Wigand	obstetrician
occupation	Don Starkell (December 7, 1932 -- January 28, 2012) was a Canadian adventurer, diarist and author, perhaps best known for his achievements in canoeing.	Don Starkell	diarist
occupation	Birgit Koschischek (born May 22, 1987 in Vienna) is an Austrian swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events.	Birgit Koschischek	swimmer
occupation	Jon Korkes (born December 4, 1945) is an American stage, movie, and television actor.	Jon Korkes	television actor
occupation	Seamus Malin (born September 3, 1940 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish former journalist for ESPN.	Seamus Malin	journalist
occupation	Jamie Bartlett is a well known South African actor best known for his role as the wicked puppet master, David Genaro on Rhythm City that is aired in many African countries such as Kenya, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Cameroon and Ghana.	Jamie Bartlett	actor
occupation	Blair Lancaster is a Canadian businesswoman and politician from Burlington, Ontario.	Blair Lancaster	politician
occupation	Howard Kaylan (born Howard Kaplan, June 22, 1947) is an American rock and roll musician and humorist, best known as a founding member and lead singer of the 1960s band The Turtles, and as ``Eddie'' in the 1970s rock band Flo & Eddie.	Howard Kaylan	musician	singer
occupation	Chris Walter is a photographer of classic rock and pop musicians, who began working in London in the early 1960s, photographing mainly rock musicians.	Chris Walter	photographer
occupation	Ravi Gossain is an Indian actor and works for movies and TV serials.	Ravi Gossain	actor
occupation	Jan Rijspoort was a Flemish composer who was active at the end of Renaissance and beginning of the early Baroque period.	Jan Rijspoort	composer
occupation	Melvin Burgess (born 25 April 1954) is a British writer of children's fiction.	Melvin Burgess	writer
occupation	Ewald Daub (1889--1946) was a German cinematographer who shot more than a hundred films during his career.	Ewald Daub	cinematographer
occupation	Denis Quist better known as D-Irie (born 1981) is a German rapper, who became known in the autumn 2006, with his single ``Was jetzt los!?!'' (``what up now!?!'').	D-Irie	rapper
occupation	Muhammad Bux Johar (Sindhi: محمد بخش جوهر) was a Sindhi journalist from Hyderabad, Sindh, who had worked in the media for more than 45 years.	Muhammad Bux Johar	journalist
occupation	Aleksei Alekseivich German (Russian: Алексей Алексеевич Герман, born September 4, 1976) is a Russian film director.	Aleksei Alekseivich German	film director
occupation	Dominic Dierkes (born March 19, 1984) is an American actor, comedian and writer best known for his involvement in the sketch comedy group Derrick Comedy.	Dominic Dierkes	actor
occupation	Russell Phillip Robinson is an American actor known primarily for his role as team manager Phil Jeffers on the CBS television series The White Shadow.	Russell Phillip Robinson	actor
occupation	Umberto Benedetti Michelangeli, (Brescia, 1952) is an Italian conductor, nephew of famous Italian pianist Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli.	Umberto Benedetti Michelangeli	conductor
occupation	Henry Eugene Davies (July 2, 1836 -- September 7, 1894) was an American soldier, writer, public official and lawyer.	Henry Eugene Davies	lawyer
occupation	Hermynia Zur Mühlen, or Hermynia zur Mühlen, born as Hermine Isabelle Maria Gräfin Folliot de Crenneville, also Folliot de Crenneville-Poutet (December 12, 1883 -- March 20, 1951) was an Austrian writer and translator.	Hermynia Zur Mühlen	writer	translator
occupation	René Gutman grows up in the town of Rouen, where his father Alexandre Gutman was the local rabbi.	René Gutman	rabbi
occupation	Myron Arms Hofer (born December 20, 1931) is an American psychiatrist and research scientist, currently Sackler Institute Professor Emeritus in the Department of Psychiatry at Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons.	Myron Arms Hofer	psychiatrist
occupation	Angharad James (1677--1749) was a farmer, a harpist, and a poet.	Angharad James	poet
occupation	Fadil Berisha is an Albanian American fashion photographer living in New York City.	Fadil Berisha	photographer
occupation	Peter Darling is an English dancer and choreographer best known for his award-winning work in Billy Elliot the Musical.	Peter Darling	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Dovid Katz (Yiddish: הירשע־דוד כ״ץ, also דוד קאַץ, הירשע־דוד קאַץ--Hirshe-Dovid Kats) (born 9 May 1956) is an American-born, Vilnius-based Yiddish scholar, author and educator, and cultural historian of Lithuanian Jewry (the Litvak heritage).	Dovid Katz	author	historian
occupation	Joan Bray (born September 16, 1945) is a former teacher, journalist, and union leader.	Joan Bray	teacher	journalist
occupation	Jeremy Rifkin (born January 26, 1945) is an American economic and social theorist, writer, public speaker, political advisor, and activist.	Jeremy Rifkin	writer
occupation	Dom Anton Harapi (January 5, 1888, Shiroka - February 15, 1946, Tirana) was an Albanian Roman Catholic priest of the Franciscan Order as well as a writer and political figure.	Anton Harapi	writer
occupation	Erik Thorbecke (born February 17, 1929) is a development economist.	Erik Thorbecke	economist
occupation	Arun Krishnan is an Indian writer based in New York.	Arun Krishnan	writer
occupation	Nancy Dickey (born September 10, 1950) is an American physician.	Nancy Dickey	physician
occupation	Ashirbek Torebayuly Sygai (Kazakh: Әшірбек Төребайұлы Сығай) (January 1, 1947 -- November 28, 2014) was a theater critic, translator, educator, and professor at the Kazakh National University of Arts.	Ashirbek Torebayuly Sygai	translator
occupation	Deran Sarafian (born January 17, 1958) is an American actor, film and television director.	Deran Sarafian	actor
occupation	Jason Johnson (December 9, 1981 - May 19, 2003), also known as Camoflauge, was a U.S. rapper from Hitch Village housing project in Savannah, Georgia.	Camoflauge	rapper
occupation	Mihir Kumar Das, known by film-industry name Mihir Das, is a popular Ollywood/Odia film actor.	Mihir Das	actor
occupation	Dr. Narottam Mishra is an Indian politician who is cabinet minister in Government of Madhya Pradesh.	Narottam Mishra	politician
occupation	Gian Francesco Giudice (born January 25, 1961) is an Italian theoretical physicist working at CERN in particle physics and cosmology.	Gian Francesco Giudice	physicist
occupation	Valerie K. Brown (born 10/30/1945 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American Democratic politician in California.	Valerie K. Brown	politician
occupation	Oswald Jonas (January 10, 1897 -- March 19, 1978) was a music theorist and musicologist and student of Heinrich Schenker.	Oswald Jonas	musicologist
occupation	Erika Selin (born August 6, 1991, Dorotea) is a Swedish singer, who competed in Idol 2009 where she finished in eighth place.	Erika Selin	singer
occupation	Chris Pyatt is a former world middleweight champion boxer from Leicester, England.	Chris Pyatt	boxer
occupation	Johann Nikuradse (Georgian: ივანე ნიკურაძე, Ivane Nikuradze) (November 20, 1894 -- July 18, 1979) was a Georgia-born German engineer and physicist.	Johann Nikuradse	engineer	physicist
occupation	Paloma Faith (born Paloma Faith Blomfield, 21 July 1981) is an English singer, songwriter and actress, known for her retro and eccentric style.	Paloma Faith	singer, songwriter
occupation	Gabriella Lev is a theatre director, writer and performer.	Gabriella Lev	theatre director
occupation	Hilary Lunke (born Hilary Homeyer on June 7, 1979) is an American professional golfer.	Hilary Lunke	golfer
occupation	Aruna Mishra is an Indian woman boxer.	Aruna Mishra	boxer
occupation	Takashi Yanase (February 6, 1919 -- October 13, 2013) was a Japanese writer, poet, illustrator and lyricist.	Takashi Yanase	poet	illustrator
occupation	Christina Simon (born Christina Ganahl on 4 October 1954 in Lochau, Vorarlberg) is an Austrian singer and composer.	Christina Simon	singer
occupation	Artis Leon Ivey Jr. (born August 1, 1963), known professionally as Coolio, is an American Grammy Award-winning musician, rapper, chef, actor, and record producer.	Coolio	musician	rapper	actor
occupation	Jalal al-Din who is also known as Rumi, was a philosopher and mystic of Islam.	Rumi	philosopher
occupation	Stefania Górska (Stefania Zadrozińska) (1907--1986) was a Polish stage and film actress, composer, singer, and dancer.	Stefania Górska	singer	dancer
occupation	Simeon Wheelock (March 29, 1741-- Sept. 1786) was a blacksmith from Uxbridge, Massachusetts, who served as a minuteman in the Massachusetts militia during the battles of Lexington and Concord in the American Revolutionary War.	Simeon Wheelock	blacksmith
occupation	Robert Clunie (June 29, 1895 - November, 1984) was a Scottish-American plein air painter, specializing in California landscape art with a particular focus on the rugged mountain scenery of the High Sierra.	Robert Clunie	painter
occupation	Fingazz is a producer, writer, musician, and artist in Los Angeles, CA.	Fingazz	writer	musician	artist
occupation	Rodney Tom is an American politician, who represented Washington's 48th Legislative District in the state Senate.	Rodney Tom	politician
occupation	Kenneth Massey is an American sports statistician known for his development of a methodology for ranking and rating sports teams in a variety of sports.	Kenneth Massey	statistician
occupation	Karen Addison born (28 August 1970) in Edinburgh is a Scottish curler.	Karen Addison	curler
occupation	Jefferson G. Thurber was a Democratic politician from Michigan who served in both houses of the Michigan Legislature.	Jefferson G. Thurber	politician
occupation	Margaret Tragett (née Larminie) was a former English badminton player.	Margaret Tragett	badminton player
occupation	David Leslie Johnson is an American screenwriter of cinema and television.	David Leslie Johnson	screenwriter
occupation	Andy Maxwell is a former Irish rugby union player, previously of Ulster and Edinburgh Rugby.	Andy Maxwell	rugby union player
occupation	Pascal Le Deunff is a French diplomat and since August 2012, is Deputy director in charge of international scientific cooperation at the French Ministry of foreign affairs.	Pascal Le Deunff	diplomat
occupation	Lucio Demare (1906--1974) was an Argentine composer who worked on a number of film scores.	Lucio Demare	composer
occupation	Nontapat Panchan (Thai: นนทพัฒน์ ปานจันทร์; rtgs: Nonthaphat Panchan; born November 23, 1981 in Bangkok) is a Thai foil fencer.	Nontapat Panchan	fencer
occupation	Libertad Lamarque (Spanish pronunciation: (liβerˈtað laˈmarke); November 24, 1908 -- December 12, 2000) was an Argentine actress and singer, one of the icons of the Golden Age of Argentine and Mexican cinema.	Libertad Lamarque	singer
occupation	Sonny Bupp (born Moyer MacClaren Bupp, January 10, 1928 -- November 1, 2007) was an American child film actor and businessman.	Sonny Bupp	actor
occupation	Spencer Wiggins (born January 8, 1942) is an American soul and gospel singer.	Spencer Wiggins	singer
occupation	Rajesh De (born circa 1972) is an American lawyer, and former U.S. government official.	Rajesh De	lawyer
occupation	Philippe Wamba (June 3, 1971 -- September 11, 2002) was an African-American editor and writer known for his fusion of African and African-American culture.	Philippe Wamba	writer
occupation	Alfred Moore (May 21, 1755 -- October 15, 1810) was a North Carolina judge who became a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.	Alfred Moore	judge
occupation	Edward L. Romero (also Romæro, born on January 2, 1934) is an entrepreneur, activist and former American diplomat.	Edward L. Romero	diplomat
occupation	Neal Kozodoy is an American writer, journalist and editor.	Neal Kozodoy	journalist
occupation	Abbott Lawrence Rotch (January 6, 1861 -- April 7, 1912) was an American meteorologist and founder of the Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory, the longest continually operating observation site in the United States and an important site for world climatology.	Abbott Lawrence Rotch	meteorologist
occupation	Michel Thomas (born Moniek ``Moshe'' Kroskof, February 3, 1914 -- January 8, 2005) was a polyglot linguist, and decorated war veteran.	Michel Thomas	linguist
occupation	Arif Hasan, is a Pakistani architect, planner, activist, social researcher, and writer.	Arif Hasan	architect
occupation	Mark P. Brown (born c. 1956, Columbus, Ohio) is a veteran of the Ohio National Guard, a former construction/civil engineer and former political candidate of the Democratic party.	Mark P. Brown	engineer
occupation	Augustin Hirschvogel (1503 -- February 1553) was a German artist, mathematician, and cartographer known primarily for his etchings.	Augustin Hirschvogel	mathematician	cartographer
occupation	Willoughby Williams was an American war veteran and politician from North Carolina.	Willoughby Williams	politician
occupation	Pong Sarasin ( Thai: พงส์ สารสิน ) is a Thai businessman and a retired politician who served under Major General Chatichai Choonhavan's cabinet, acting as Deputy Prime Minister along with General Tienchai Sirisumpan in 1988.	Pong Sarasin	politician
occupation	Dhruv Narayan Singh (born July 26, 1959) is an Indian politician active in Madhya Pradesh State of India.	Dhruv Narayan Singh	politician
occupation	Mabel Boll (December 1, 1893 -- April 11, 1949), known as the ``Queen of Diamonds'', was an American socialite involved in the early days of record-setting flights in the 1920s.	Mabel Boll	socialite
occupation	Kostyantyn Kostyantynovych Leontovich (born October 13, 1985), better known as Kostya Leontovich, is a Ukrainian guitarist, singer/songwriter, composer, founder of the alternative rock band PICK-UP and performs as a solo artist, independently releasing his music.	Kostya Leontovich	composer
occupation	C. Steven McGann is an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru, Tonga, and Tuvalu from 2008 to 2011.	C. Steven McGann	diplomat
occupation	Deb Margolin is an American performance artist and playwright.	Deb Margolin	playwright
occupation	Stefan Georg (Ralf-Stefan Georg, born November 7, 1962 in Bottrop) is a German linguist.	Stefan Georg	linguist
occupation	Andy Wear is an English actor born in Lancaster, Lancashire, England.	Andy Wear	actor
occupation	Michael Channing is a professional rugby league player for the Featherstone Rovers in the Kingstone Press Championship.	Michael Channing	rugby league player
occupation	Wendy Melvoin is the daughter of late jazz pianist (and former NARAS president) Mike Melvoin who in the 1960s was part of the Los Angeles session musician collective The Wrecking Crew.	Wendy Melvoin	musician
occupation	Rabbi Zalman Nechemia Goldberg (Hebrew: זלמן נחמיה גולדברג‎) is a rabbi, posek, and Rosh Yeshiva in Israel.	Zalman Nechemia Goldberg	rabbi
occupation	Graham Hancock (/ˈhænkɒk/; born 2 August 1950) is a British writer and journalist.	Graham Hancock	writer	journalist
occupation	Mercedes Reaves is a Puerto Rican research engineer and scientist.	Mercedes Reaves	scientist
occupation	Tony Skole is an American college baseball coach, currently serving as head coach of the East Tennessee State Buccaneers baseball team.	Tony Skole	head coach
occupation	Mukhtar Siddique (Belarusian: মুখতার সিদ্দিক) is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh.	Mukhtar Siddique	cricketer
occupation	Pieter de Groot (March 28, 1615 -- June 2, 1678) was a Dutch regent and diplomat during the First Stadtholderless Period of the Dutch Republic.	Pieter de Groot	diplomat
occupation	Frank Eugene Corder (May 26, 1956 -- September 12, 1994) was an American truck driver.	Frank Eugene Corder	truck driver
occupation	Eugene Gonsalves is an Indian entrepreneur and has held leadership positions in religious organizations such as the Catholic Association of Bengal and the All India Catholic Union.	Eugene Gonsalves	entrepreneur
occupation	Patrick Manogue (May 28, 1831 -- February 27, 1895) was a miner '49er, pioneer priest and the founding Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sacramento, California.	Patrick Manogue	priest
occupation	Andrew Mogrelia is a British classical conductor specializing in ballet.	Andrew Mogrelia	conductor
occupation	Robert Waleys (fl. 1373--1388) of Ipswich, Suffolk, was an English politician.	Robert Waleys	politician
occupation	Pablo García González, known as Tito García (1931--2003) was a Spanish actor.	Tito García	actor
occupation	William Beecher Scoville (January 13, 1906 - February 25, 1984) was a neurosurgeon at Hartford Hospital.	William Beecher Scoville	neurosurgeon
occupation	S. Krishnamurthi (full name and details unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Hyderabad.	S. Krishnamurthi	cricketer
occupation	Martin Birch is a British former music producer and sound engineer, who became renowned for engineering and producing albums by the British rock bands Deep Purple and Iron Maiden.	Martin Birch	engineer
occupation	Edgar Barrier (March 4, 1907 -- June 20, 1964) was an American actor who appeared on radio, stage, and screen.	Edgar Barrier	actor
occupation	Merle Boucher (born July 19, 1946) is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party politician who served in the North Dakota House of Representatives, representing the 9th district from 1991 to 2011.	Merle Boucher	politician
occupation	Howard Blake OBE (born 28 October 1938) is an English composer whose career has spanned over 50 years and produced more than 650 works.	Howard Blake	composer
occupation	William Morgan DeBeck (April 15, 1890 -- November 11, 1942), better known as Billy DeBeck, was an American cartoonist.	Billy DeBeck	cartoonist
occupation	Elio Fox is an American professional poker player whose first World Series of Poker (WSOP) in the money finish was the 2011 World Series of Poker Europe main event that he won.	Elio Fox	poker player
occupation	Moncacht-Apé was a Native American explorer of the Yazoo tribe in the present-day Mississippi area; in the early 1700s he may have made the first recorded roundtrip transcontinental journey across North America.	Moncacht-Apé	explorer
occupation	Constantine Ó Nialláin, (aka Constantine O'Nelan) Irish soldier and Capuchin friar, c. 1560?-after 1621.	Constantine Ó Nialláin	friar
occupation	Jerry Schatzberg (born June 26, 1927 in Bronx, New York) is a photographer and film director.	Jerry Schatzberg	photographer	film director
occupation	Jacqueline Felice de Almania, (in Italian: Jacobina Félicie), (fl. 1322) was an Italian physician active in Paris, France.	Jacqueline Felice de Almania	physician
occupation	Marcus Stock was ordained a priest in 1988 by the Archbishop of Birmingham Maurice Couve de Murville and served in parishes across the Archdiocese of Birmingham.	Marcus Stock	priest
occupation	Lynne Taylor-Corbett is a choreographer, director, lyricist, and composer.	Lynne Taylor-Corbett	choreographer
occupation	Noah Brooks (October 24, 1830 -- August 16, 1903) was a journalist and editor who worked for newspapers in Sacramento, San Francisco, Newark, and New York, and authored a major biography of Abraham Lincoln based on close personal observation.	Noah Brooks	journalist
occupation	Benedetto Possenti (active in the 17th century) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly as a battle painter, as well of seaports, landscapes, and festivals.	Benedetto Possenti	painter
occupation	Traveling through Europe as a fashion model, Kim Alley set the stage for her success by landing high profile campaigns for Lancôme, Evian, and Benetton and was featured in such top fashion magazines as French Vogue, Italian Vogue, Italian Bazaar, and American Elle Magazine.	Kim Alley	model
occupation	Sinan Erdem (May 9, 1927-July 23, 2003) was a former Turkish volleyball player and long-standing head of the National Olympic Committee of Turkey.	Sinan Erdem	volleyball player
occupation	Pompeia Paulina (/pɒmˈpiːə, -ˈpeɪə, pɔːˈlaɪnə/) was the wife of the statesman, philosopher, and orator Lucius Annaeus Seneca, and she was part of a circle of educated Romans who sought to lead a principled life under the emperor Nero.	Pompeia Paulina	philosopher
occupation	Henri Wittmann (born 1937) is a Canadian linguist from Quebec.	Henri Wittmann	linguist
occupation	De Volson Wood (June 1, 1832 -- June 27, 1897) was American civil engineer and educator.	De Volson Wood	engineer
occupation	Ernst Victor Wolff (Aug 6, 1889--August 21, 1960) was a German-born concert pianist and harpsichordist who maintained a career not only as a soloist but also as a respected accompanist.	Ernst Victor Wolff	harpsichordist
occupation	Charles Montague Bakewell (April 24, 1867 -- September 19, 1957) was a university professor and Republican politician.	Charles Montague Bakewell	university professor	politician
occupation	Fred Overton, Jr. is a former head basketball coach at Murray State University and currently a nationwide motivational speaker.	Fred Overton	basketball coach	motivational speaker
occupation	Khawaja Muhammad Safdar was a famous politician from Pakistan Muslim League.	Khawaja Muhammad Safdar	politician
occupation	Paul Murry (November 25, 1911 -- August 4, 1989) was an American cartoonist and comics artist.	Paul Murry	comics artist
occupation	Baron Alberto Fassini (1875-1942) was an Italian business tycoon and film producer.	Alberto Fassini	film producer
occupation	Carl Romanelli is an American sculptor noted for his many outdoor sculptures of famous people.	Carl Romanelli	sculptor
occupation	Andressa Fernandes Corrêa (born October 27, 1986 in Santos, São Paulo) is a Brazilian judoka, who played for the half-lightweight category.	Andressa Fernandes	judoka
occupation	John Melhuish was an English merchant and politician.	John Melhuish	politician
occupation	Michael Francis Howley (September 25, 1843 -- October 15, 1914) was a Roman Catholic priest and Archbishop of St. John's, Newfoundland from 1904 to 1914.	Michael Francis Howley	priest
occupation	Ishwar Maraj (Hindi: इश्वर माराज; born January 26, 1969 in Point Fortin, Trinidad and Tobago) is a Canadian cricketer.	Ishwar Maraj	cricketer
occupation	John LeConte (December 4, 1818 -- April 29, 1891) was an American scientist and academic.	John LeConte	scientist
occupation	Mark Alburger (born April 2, 1957 in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania) is a San Francisco Bay Area composer and conductor.	Mark Alburger	composer
occupation	Roddy Ellias (born 1949) is a Canadian guitarist, composer, performer, and improviser.	Roddy Ellias	composer
occupation	Luc Déry is a French Canadian film producer.	Luc Déry	film producer
occupation	Edward 'Doc' Byrne was a journalist and newspaper editor, fl.	Edward 'Doc' Byrne	journalist
occupation	Rachel David is a Canadian television host, broadcaster, and journalist	Rachel David	journalist
occupation	Oleg Fezov, or Oleg Fesov (Tajik: Олег Фезов, Persian: آلگ فزآو‎‎) is a musician, and composer from Tajikistan, who composes and arranges his songs in addition to performing.	Oleg Fesov	composer
occupation	Shellie Morris is an indigenous Australian singer/songwriter who plays a mix of contemporary folk music and contemporary acoustic ballads.	Shellie Morris	singer
occupation	Adrian Minune (real name Adrian Simionescu, born September 24, 1974) is a Romani-Romanian manele singer.	Adrian Minune	singer
occupation	Jody Lehman (born July 1, 1975 in North Battleford, Saskatchewan, Canada) is a Canadian-British professional ice hockey player, currently playing for Aalborg in Denmark's highest league, the Oddset Ligaen.	Jody Lehman	ice hockey player
occupation	Pete Sheppard (born March 26, 1967, in Providence, Rhode Island) is an Italian-American radio host, formerly heard on WEEI 93.7 FM in Boston.	Pete Sheppard	radio host
occupation	Haraden Pratt (July 18, 1891 - August 1, 1969) was a noted American electrical engineer and radio pioneer.	Haraden Pratt	engineer
occupation	Aron Pumnul (November 27, 1818 Cuciulata, district of Braşov - January 12/24, 1866, Chernivtsi) was a Romanian philologist and teacher, national and revolutionary activist in Transylvania and later in Bucovina (then in the Habsburg Monarchy).	Aron Pumnul	philologist
occupation	Richard Yeoman-Clark is a British composer and sound engineer who worked at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop from 1970 to 1978.	Richard Yeoman-Clark	composer	engineer
occupation	Miguel Deynes Soto (born July 5, 1936, in Moca, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician and former Senator.	Miguel Deynes Soto	politician
occupation	Elyse Knox (born Elsie Lillian Kornbrath: December 14, 1917 -- February 16, 2012) was an American actress, model, and fashion designer.	Elyse Knox	model
occupation	Daniel Read (November 16, 1757 -- December 4, 1836) was an American composer of the First New England School, and one of the primary figures in early American classical music.	Daniel Read	composer
occupation	David B. Richman is an American arachnologist and curator of the Arthropod Museum at New Mexico State University.	David B. Richman	arachnologist
occupation	Jean-Docile Brousseau (February 24, 1825 -- July 28, 1908) was a Canadian politician and newspaper owner.	Jean-Docile Brousseau	politician
occupation	Györgyi Őri (née Győrvári, born October 11, 1955 in Békéscsaba) is a former Hungarian handball player and multiple World Championship medalist.	Györgyi Őri	handball player
occupation	Julien Nitzberg (born 1965) is a US screenwriter, stage writer, lyricist, theater director and film director, best known in the film world as the director of the documentary The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia.	Julien Nitzberg	film director
occupation	Byron Lawson (born August 26, 1968) is a Canadian actor of Cantonese, Japanese, and Korean descent.	Byron Lawson	actor
occupation	Byron G. Harlan (August 29, 1861 -- September 11, 1936) was an American singer from Kansas, a comic minstrel singer and balladeer who often recorded with Arthur Collins.	Byron G. Harlan	singer
occupation	David Polak is an American business executive and philanthropist from Beverly Hills, California.	David Polak	philanthropist
occupation	Kathy Flores (born February 7, 1955) is a former rugby union player from the United States and was the Head Coach of the U.S. Women's National Team until Jan. 2011 and currently Head Coach of the Brown Women's Rugby Team.	Kathy Flores	rugby union player
occupation	Eugenius Roche (1786--1829) was an Anglo-French journalist.	Eugenius Roche	journalist
occupation	Mike Hay is a Scottish curler and curling coach.	Mike Hay	curler
occupation	John Edmonds Kozma (born January 25, 1972) is an American director, actor, producer, cinematographer, and founder of Bang Productions.	John Edmonds Kozma	actor
occupation	Héctor Marcó or stage name Hector Sunday Marcolongo (1906--1987) was an Argentine composer who focused mainly on the tango genre.	Héctor Marcó	composer
occupation	Andrew J. Rausch is an American film journalist, author, screenwriter, film producer, and actor.	Andrew J. Rausch	journalist	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Gary Robinson is an American software engineer and inventor notable for his mathematical algorithms to fight spam.	Gary Robinson	engineer
occupation	Andrew Kenny is the main singer/songwriter of The Wooden Birds, which released their debut LP Magnolia in May 2009.	Andrew Kenny	singer	songwriter
occupation	William Howard Brett (July 1, 1846 -- August 24, 1918) was head librarian for the Cleveland Public Library from 1884 to 1918.	William Howard Brett	librarian
occupation	Shin Dong-hee (born September 28, 1985), better known by his stage name Shindong (lit. meaning: ``prodigy''), is a South Korean singer, MC, and Radio personality.	Shindong	singer
occupation	Zeynep Üçbaşaran is an award winning Turkish pianist.	Zeynep Üçbaşaran	pianist
occupation	T. Rathinavel (born January 1, 1951 ; Srivilliputhur, District- Virudhunagar (Tamil Nadu)) is a politician.	T. Rathinavel	politician
occupation	Fariborz Kamkari is a Kurdish Iranian film director and producer.	Fariborz Kamkari	film director
occupation	Esther Anil commonly known as Baby Esther is an Indian film child actor .	Esther Anil	actor
occupation	Libby Weaver is an Australian author, speaker and nutritional biochemist.	Libby Weaver	biochemist
occupation	Tigran Tsitoghdzyan (Armenian: Տիգրան Ձիթողցյան) is a New York-based artist and painter.	Tigran Tsitoghdzyan	painter
occupation	Alfredo Saad-Filho, BSc, MSc, PhD, is a Marxian economist.	Alfredo Saad-Filho	economist
occupation	Diana Diamond is an American journalist who has edited a number of newspapers including the Palo Alto Daily News, and was a columnist at the Palo Alto Weekly.	Diana Diamond	journalist
occupation	Alice Wu (伍思薇) is a Chinese American film director and screenwriter.	Alice Wu	film director
occupation	Edward Cowles, an American psychiatrist, was the Medical Superintendent of the McLean Hospital in Massachusetts from 1879 to 1903.	Edward Cowles	psychiatrist
occupation	Donald Justice (August 12, 1925 -- August 6, 2004) was an American poet and teacher of writing.	Donald Justice	poet
occupation	Nathanael Greene Herreshoff (March 18, 1848 -- June 2, 1938), was an American naval architect and mechanical engineer, was a yacht design innovator, and produced a succession of undefeated America's Cup defenders between 1893-1920.	Nathanael Greene Herreshoff	engineer
occupation	Louie Austen (born Alois Luef on 19 September 1946) is an Austrian classically trained bar and jazz crooner who has been active in the electronic music scene.	Louie Austen	crooner
occupation	Howard Kassinove ABPP is a psychologist who works in the area of anger and anger management.	Howard Kassinove	psychologist
occupation	Oliver Ellsworth Buckley (August 8, 1887 -- December 14, 1959) was an American electrical engineer known for his contributions to the field of submarine telephony.	Oliver Ellsworth Buckley	engineer
occupation	Major General (Retired) Bruce M. Lawlor (born January 24, 1948) is a retired United States Army officer.	Bruce M. Lawlor	officer
occupation	Anne Arnold, (May 2, 1925- June 20, 2014) was a sculptor best known for her whimsical life-size and sometimes larger than life-size sculptures of animals and people rendered in wood, ceramic, or softer materials such as canvas and Dynel, and resins.	Anne Arnold	sculptor
occupation	Nick Cullather is an American historian and professor of history at Indiana University.	Nick Cullather	historian
occupation	Bob Ellison is an American screenwriter and producer for television.	Bob Ellison	screenwriter
occupation	Elettra Rossellini Wiedemann (born July 26, 1983) is an American food editor and writer, fashion model, and socialite of Italian, Swedish, French, and German descent.	Elettra Rossellini Wiedemann	model
occupation	Roderick Paulate (born April 4, 1960) is a Filipino actor, TV host, comedian and politician.	Roderick Paulate	comedian
occupation	Siniša Žugić (Serbian: Синиша Жугић) (born December 17, 1969) is a Serbian diver.	Siniša Žugić	diver
occupation	Lourdes Pérez (born Bernardita de Lourdes Pérez Cruz on February 12, 1961) is a prolific Puerto Rican contemporary recording artist, songwriter, composer, arranger, poet, contralto vocalist and guitarist.	Lourdes Pérez	composer
occupation	Jerome Lawrence (born Jerome Lawrence Schwartz; July 14, 1915 -- February 29, 2004) was an American playwright and author.	Jerome Lawrence	playwright
occupation	Ramazan Magomedov (born in Dagestan) whose second name is also sometimes spelt Magamedau is a Belarusian amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at light-heavyweight.	Ramazan Magomedov	boxer
occupation	Carmela Menashe (Hebrew: כרמלה מנשה‎, born 1949, Iraq) is an Israeli journalist serving as a military reporter on IDF issues, on Israel's public radio Kol Yisrael.	Carmela Menashe	journalist
occupation	Biagio Anthony Gazzarra (August 28, 1930 -- February 3, 2012), known as Ben Gazzara, was an American film, stage, and television actor and director.	Ben Gazzara	actor	director
occupation	Johan Widekindi (c 1619-- 24 December 1675) was a Swedish historian and academic.	Johan Widekindi	historian
occupation	Harold Levinson is an American psychiatrist and author, best known for developing the cerebellar theory of treating dyslexia.	Harold Levinson	psychiatrist
occupation	Víctor Hipólito Martínez (born November 21, 1924) is an Argentine lawyer and politician, best known for his role as Vice President during Raúl Alfonsín's 1983-89 tenure.	Víctor Hipólito Martínez	lawyer	politician
occupation	Laila av Reyni is a Faroese singer-songwriter, fashion designer and teacher.	Laila av Reyni	singer	designer
occupation	Amanda Inez Knight Allen (September 8, 1876 -- June 5, 1937) was a Mormon missionary and a Utah politician.	Inez Knight Allen	missionary
occupation	Derek See (born June 6, 1975) is an American musician, music producer and music writer.	Derek See	writer
occupation	David Docherty is a British writer, journalist, academic, television executive and producer and CEO of the National Centre for Universities and Business.	David Docherty	journalist
occupation	Maureen Reillette ``Rebbie'' Brown (née Jackson; born May 29, 1950) is an American singer professionally known as Rebbie Jackson /ˈriːbi ˈdʒæksən/.	Rebbie Jackson	singer
occupation	Ernesto Scorsone is an American lawyer, politician and judge from Kentucky.	Ernesto Scorsone	lawyer	politician
occupation	John H. Shary (b. March 2, 1872 d. 1945) was an American farmer and entrepreneur.	John H. Shary	entrepreneur
occupation	Besides Roger Mais another author, Vic Reid also incorporated into his works Manley's ambitious drive to independence.	Roger Mais	author
occupation	Mary Dominica Pauley (born October 22, 1980) more commonly known as Mieka Pauley, is an American singer-songwriter.	Mieka Pauley	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ken Foree (born February 29, 1948) is an American actor, perhaps best known as the protagonist Peter from the horror film Dawn of the Dead, and as Roger Rockmore on the Nickelodeon television sitcom Kenan & Kel.	Ken Foree	actor
occupation	In 2006, artist and curator Sam Durant edited a comprehensive monograph of Black Panther artist Emory Douglas'' work, Black Panther:	Emory Douglas	artist
occupation	Berardino Libonati (1934 - 2010) was an Italian academic, businessman, jurist and lawyer.	Berardino Libonati	lawyer
occupation	Suphi Nuri İleri (1887, Gallipoli, - 1945, Istanbul) was a Turkish politician and writer.	Suphi Nuri İleri	writer
occupation	Matt Alber (born February 6, 1975) is a California-based American singer-songwriter and countertenor.	Matt Alber	singer-songwriter
occupation	Sab Shimono (born Saburo Shimono, July 31, 1943) is an American actor who has appeared in dozens of movies and television shows in character roles.	Sab Shimono	actor
occupation	Dudley Brooks (December 22, 1913--July 17, 1989) was an American jazz pianist, arranger, and composer.	Dudley Brooks	composer
occupation	Stephen Billington (born 10 December 1964 in Farnworth) is an English actor, best known for playing Greg Kelly in Coronation Street (for which he won the 1999 British Soap Award for Villain of the Year).	Stephen Billington	actor
occupation	Ralph Graves (January 23, 1900 -- February 18, 1977) was an American screenwriter, film director and actor who appeared in 93 films between 1918 and 1949.	Ralph Graves	screenwriter	film director	actor
occupation	Elsa Brändström (March 26, 1888 -- March 4, 1948) was a Swedish nurse and philanthropist.	Elsa Brändström	nurse
occupation	Eric Berg is a noted sculptor who resides in Philadelphia.	Eric Berg	sculptor
occupation	Christopher Jacob Boström (January 1, 1797 in Piteå, Norrbotten -- March 22, 1866 in Uppsala) was a Swedish philosopher.	Christopher Jacob Boström	philosopher
occupation	Frédéric Luca Landi starts with film editing with the Difré Project in collaboration with artistic director Diana Law.	Frédéric Luca Landi	artistic director
occupation	José Miguel Insulza Salinas (born June 2, 1943) is a leftist Chilean politician and statesman.	José Miguel Insulza	politician
occupation	Hans Wilhelm Frei (April 29, 1922 -- September 12, 1988) was a biblical scholar and theologian who is best known for work on biblical hermeneutics.	Hans Wilhelm Frei	theologian
occupation	Jeremiah Slaczka, also known by his nickname Miah, is a video game designer/creative director and co-founder of 5TH Cell, a video game developer in Bellevue, Washington.	Jeremiah Slaczka	creative director
occupation	Évrard d'Espinques was a French manuscript illuminator active between 1440 and 1494.	Évrard d'Espinques	illuminator
occupation	Halil Berktay is a Turkish historian at Sabancı University and columnist for the daily Taraf.	Halil Berktay	historian
occupation	Guillaume-Lebrecht Petzold was a piano maker in Paris in the early 19th century.	Guillaume-Lebrecht Petzold	piano maker
occupation	Trilochan Singh (February 12, 1923 -- April 24, 2008) was an Indian field hockey player who was born in lahore,Punjab,Pakistan and competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.He died in ambala,INDIA.	Trilochan Singh	field hockey player
occupation	Úrsula Hilaria Celia de la Caridad Cruz Alfonso also known by her stage name Celia Cruz (October 21, 1925 -- July 16, 2003) was a Cuban singer of latin music.	Celia Cruz	singer
occupation	Andrea Portes is a bestselling American novelist.	Andrea Portes	novelist
occupation	Antoinette Vilma Reyes Escalante is a dentist and former Honduran politician.	Vilma Reyes Escalante	politician
occupation	Karl-Åke Asph (born February 2, 1939 in Avesta) is a Swedish cross-country skier who competed during the 1960s.	Karl-Åke Asph	cross-country skier
occupation	Felixia Yeap Chin Yee (simplified Chinese: 叶静仪; traditional Chinese: 枼靜儀; pinyin: Yè Jìngyí; born 3 July 1986) is a Malaysian model.	Felixia Yeap	model
occupation	Jesse Reid is a boxer and Hall of Fame trainer.	Jesse Reid	boxer
occupation	Ben Palmer is a British film and television director who is well known for being the director of Bo' Selecta and The Inbetweeners.	Ben Palmer	television director
occupation	Cameron Hitchcock is an Australian rules footballer who played for Port Adelaide in the AFL.	Cameron Hitchcock	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Sanaa Hamri (born November 15, 1974; Arabic: سناء حمري‎) is a Moroccan American film director, music video director, television director, and television producer.	Sanaa Hamri	film director
occupation	Sol Bloom (March 9, 1870 -- March 7, 1949) was an American politician from New York who began his career as an entertainment impresario and sheet music publisher in Chicago.	Sol Bloom	politician
occupation	Gayane Khachaturian (Armenian: Գայանե Խաչատուրյան) (May 9, 1942 -- May 1, 2009) was a Georgian-Armenian painter and graphic artist.	Gayane Khachaturian	painter
occupation	Psychosiz is an American video game designer and rapper.	Psychosiz	rapper
occupation	Dimple Yadav is an Indian politician who belongs to the Samajwadi Party from Uttar Pradesh.	Dimple Yadav	politician
occupation	Otto Kuhler (July 31, 1894 -- August 5, 1977) was an American designer, one of the best known industrial designers of the American railroads.	Otto Kuhler	designer
occupation	Richard R. Rosenthal, MD (born April 5, 1939) is an allergist and immunologist practicing in the Washington D.C. area.	Richard R. Rosenthal	immunologist
occupation	Ákos Kónya (born 1974) is a Hungarian ultramarathon runner from Oceanside, California.	Ákos Kónya	ultramarathon runner
occupation	Jacques Pauw is a South African investigative journalist who is an executive producer of the Special Assignment current affairs programme on SABC.	Jacques Pauw	journalist
occupation	Fred Schell is a Canadian politician, who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of South Baffin in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut at a by-election following the 2008 territorial election.	Fred Schell	politician
occupation	Csaba Csáki is a theoretical physicist who studied under Lisa Randall.	Csaba Csáki	physicist
occupation	Amy Cohen Banker is an internationally exhibited American abstract painter.	Amy Cohen Banker	painter
occupation	Domingo Tomás ``Tom'' Hernández Bethencourt (October 9, 1915 - June 2, 1984), better known as Tom Hernández, was a Spanish-born American actor of theater, films and television, who played supporting roles, usually Hispanics, throughout his career.	Tom Hernández	actor
occupation	Carl Marotte (born February 25, 1959) is a Canadian actor and a graduate of Dawson College's Professional Theatre Program.	Carl Marotte	actor
occupation	Dónal Lunny (born 10 March 1947) is an Irish folk musician.	Dónal Lunny	musician
occupation	Trax Colton (born Louis A. Morelli on May 26, 1929) is an American motion picture actor who was a contract player for 20th Century Fox from 1960 to 1962.	Trax Colton	actor
occupation	Joseph Bruchac (born October 16, 1942) is a writer of books relating to the Indigenous peoples of the Americas, with a particular focus on northeastern Native American and Anglo-American lives and folklore.	Joseph Bruchac	writer
occupation	Joshua Friedman is an American journalist who worked 32 years for newspapers and won a Pulitzer Prize in 1985.	Joshua Friedman	journalist
occupation	Roy D'Arcy (February 10, 1894 -- November 15, 1969) was an American film actor of the silent film and early sound period of the 1930s noted for his portrayal of flamboyant villains.	Roy D'Arcy	film actor
occupation	Karol Stricker (May 21, 1959-January 14, 2008) was an American painter of fine porcelain.	Karol Stricker	painter
occupation	Henry Wharton Conway (March 18, 1793 -- November 9, 1827) was a United States naval officer during the War of 1812 and a politician in Arkansas Territory, who was elected as a territorial delegate (1823--1827) to the United States House of Representatives for three consecutive congresses.	Henry Wharton Conway	officer
occupation	Thomas M. Countryman is a career diplomat who has been the United States Assistant Secretary of State for International Security and Nonproliferation since September 27, 2011.	Thomas M. Countryman	diplomat
occupation	Townsend Coleman (born May 28, 1954) is an American voice actor who performed in many animated series and TV commercials beginning in the early 1980s.	Townsend Coleman	actor
occupation	William Kirk Baltz (born September 14, 1959) is an American actor, perhaps best known for portraying Officer Marvin Nash in Reservoir Dogs (1992).	Kirk Baltz	actor
occupation	Before becoming active as a painter in Stockholm, Sweden, Jacques Foucquet was employed as an officer and engineer in the court of Louis XIV.	Jacques Foucquet	painter
occupation	Robert Joffrey (born Abdullah Jaffa Bey Khan; December 24, 1930 -- March 25, 1988) was an American dancer, teacher, producer, choreographer, and co-founder of the Joffrey Ballet, known for his highly imaginative modern ballets.	Robert Joffrey	choreographer
occupation	Lee Ru-ma (Korean: 이루마; born February 15, 1978), better known by his stage name Yiruma (Korean: 이루마), is a South Korean pianist and composer.	Yiruma	composer
occupation	Christian Hoffmann (born December 22, 1974 in Aigen) is a former Austrian cross-country skier who competed since 1994.	Christian Hoffmann	cross-country skier
occupation	Howard C. Lawrence (born August 14, 1890, date of death unknown) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.	Howard C. Lawrence	politician
occupation	Ricardo Tirloni (born February 3, 1983) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division.	Ricardo Tirloni	mixed martial artist
occupation	Mikko Hietanen (1911--1999) was a Finnish long-distance runner, European Champion and world record holder, who competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics in London 1948 and in Helsinki 1952.	Mikko Hietanen	long-distance runner
occupation	A. James Rudin is an American rabbi noted for his work in inter-religious affairs.	A. James Rudin	rabbi
occupation	Elizabeth Wentworth Roberts (June 10, 1871 -- March 12, 1927) was an American painter who lived and worked in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Paris, and Concord, Massachusetts.	Elizabeth Wentworth Roberts	painter
occupation	Dean Cameron (born Dean Eikleberry; December 25, 1962) is an American television and film actor.	Dean Cameron	actor
occupation	Benjamin Blessum (November 4, 1877 -- October 4, 1954) was an American painter, graphic artist and illustrator.	Benjamin Blessum	painter
occupation	Konrad Kellen (born Konrad Moritz Adolf Katzenellenbogen; December 14, 1913 -- April 8, 2007) was a German-born American political scientist, intelligence analyst and author.	Konrad Kellen	political scientist
occupation	Thomas P. Gordon is an American politician, law enforcement expert and current County Executive of New Castle County, Delaware.	Thomas P. Gordon	politician
occupation	Lyall Brooks (born November 16, 1978) is an Australian actor who has appeared on TV, film and stage.	Lyall Brooks	actor
occupation	Fred Sersen (February 24, 1890 -- December 11, 1962) was a Czechoslovak/American painter and cinema special effects artist working mainly at 20th Century Fox Studios from the 1930s to the 1950s with credits in over 200 movies.	Fred Sersen	artist
occupation	Patrick Morse is a social activist, actor, and singer.	Patrick Morse	actor
occupation	Timo Lahtinen (born 24 May 1947) is a retired Finnish ice hockey player, now working as an ice hockey coach for the Romanian team of HSC Csíkszereda.	Timo Lahtinen	ice hockey player
occupation	Steve Dunwell is an American photographer noted for his color photographs of urban and scenic landscapes.	Steve Dunwell	photographer
occupation	Jerome Robbins (October 11, 1918 -- July 29, 1998) was an American choreographer, director, and theater producer who worked in classical ballet, on Broadway, and in films and television.	Jerome Robbins	choreographer
occupation	Honoré Hippolyte Achille Gervais (August 13, 1864 -- August 8, 1915) was a Canadian lawyer, professor, politician.	Honoré Hippolyte Achille Gervais	lawyer	politician
occupation	Lonnie Coleman (1920--1982) was an American novelist and playwright best known for writing the Beulah Land trilogy.	Lonnie Coleman	novelist
occupation	Gary Jacobsen (born c.1953) is an American former PGA Tour professional golfer.	Gary Jacobsen	golfer
occupation	Huang Shao-ku (Chinese: 黃少谷; pinyin: Huáng Shǎogǔ) was a politician in the Republic of China.	Huang Shao-ku	politician
occupation	Faith Ireland (born September 15, 1942) is an American lawyer and former judge in the state of Washington.	Faith Ireland	lawyer	judge
occupation	Johann Snell (fl. 1482; died after 1519) was a German printer.	Johann Snell	printer
occupation	Mamintal M. Adiong Sr. (August 8, 1936 -- July 3, 2004) was a long-time Filipino politician, serving as Governor of Lanao del Sur from 2001 until his death from cardiac arrest.	Mamintal M. Adiong Sr.	politician
occupation	Brett Mitchell (born July 2, 1979) is an American conductor who currently serves Associate Conductor of the Cleveland Orchestra and Music Director of the Cleveland Orchestra Youth Orchestra.	Brett Mitchell	conductor
occupation	Xanthippus (/zænˈθɪpəs/; Greek: Ξάνθιππος; c. 525-475 BCE) was a wealthy Athenian politician and general during the early part of the 5th century BC. His name means ``Yellow Horse.''	Xanthippus	politician
occupation	Larry Richert (born c. 1960 in Millvale, Pennsylvania) is an American journalist.	Larry Richert	journalist
occupation	Harjit Harman (Punjabi: ਹਰਜੀਤ ਹਰਮਨ) is a famous Punjabi singer of Indian Punjab.	Harjit Harman	singer
occupation	Cal Perry (born October 6, 1979) is a broadcast journalist, currently working for MSNBC.	Cal Perry	journalist
occupation	Jerome Albert Evans Jr., known as Silkski, is an American rapper, song writer, and music producer who is known from his affiliation with Ol' Dirty Bastard (ODB) and the Wu-Tang Clan, whose affiliates are known as the Wu-Tang Killa Beez.	Silkski	rapper
occupation	Boniface Kinoti Gatobu is a Kenyan politician who was elected as a member of the Kenyan Parliament in the 2013 parliamentary elections.	Kinoti Gatobu	politician
occupation	Tim Norris (born November 20, 1957) is a current college head golf coach and a former professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1980s.	Tim Norris	golfer
occupation	Arun Luthra is a jazz musician (saxophonist, konnakol artist, composer and arranger) based in New York, N.Y., U.S.A.	Arun Luthra	jazz musician
occupation	Maung Khin Min (Danubyu) (Burmese: မောင်ခင်မင်း (ဓနုဖြူ) (màʊɴ kʰɪ̀ɴ mɪ́ɴ dənṵbjù)) is a Burmese writer.	Maung Khin Min (Danubyu)	writer
occupation	Sanjay Leela Bhansali is an Indian film director, producer, screenwriter, and music director.	Sanjay Leela Bhansali	film director	screenwriter	music director
occupation	William Moulton Marston (May 9, 1893 -- May 2, 1947), also known by the pen name Charles Moulton, was an American psychologist, lawyer, inventor, and comic book writer who created the character Wonder Woman.	William Moulton Marston	psychologist
occupation	Ellsworth Faris (September 30, 1874 -- December 19, 1953) was an influential sociologist of the Chicago school.	Ellsworth Faris	sociologist
occupation	Željko Ivanović ( ) is a Montenegrin journalist, producer, human rights fighter, promoter of civil society.	Željko Ivanović	journalist
occupation	Edoardo Garzena (May 4, 1900 -- May 26, 1984) was an Italian featherweight boxer who competed in the 1920s.	Edoardo Garzena	boxer
occupation	Tom Coster (born August 21, 1941) is an American keyboardist and composer.	Tom Coster	composer
occupation	Sun Tailor is the stage name of an Israeli-born singer-songwriter Arnon Naor.	Sun Tailor	singer-songwriter
occupation	Paige Lewis is a singer-songwriter and copywriter from Katy, Texas whose work has been featured in the soundtrack of the film Matchstick Men.	Paige Lewis	singer
occupation	Raj Vadgama is an ultramarathon runner from Mumbai, India	Raj Vadgama	ultramarathon runner
occupation	Joaquim Dos Santos is an American television director of animated cartoons, best known for his directing work on Justice League Unlimited, Avatar:	Joaquim Dos Santos	television director
occupation	James Lance Bass (born May 4, 1979) is an American pop singer, dancer, actor, film and television producer, and author.	Lance Bass	singer	dancer	actor
occupation	James DeWoody is an American painter, printmaker, and sculptor who has worked in New York City since 1972.	James DeWoody	painter	printmaker	sculptor
occupation	Fintan O'Carroll (who also used the Irish name Fiontán P Ó Cearbhaill) was an Irish composer.	Fintan O'Carroll	composer
occupation	Nikola Martinoski (August 18, 1903 -- February 7, 1973), sometimes spelled Martinovski (Macedonian: Никола Мартиноски), was a Yugoslavian and Aromanian painter.	Nikola Martinoski	painter
occupation	Kim Tae-yeon (born March 9, 1989), most often credited as Taeyeon, is a South Korean singer.	Kim Tae-yeon	singer
occupation	Liam McMahon is an actor, born in Northern Ireland.	Liam McMahon	actor
occupation	Mairéad Byrne, born in Dublin, is an Irish poet who emigrated to the United States in 1994.	Mairéad Byrne	poet
occupation	Hans Lynge (born 1906 in Nuuk, died 1988 in Haderslev) was a Greenlandic author, dramatist, painter, politician, printmaker, and sculptor.	Hans Lynge	painter
occupation	Kazimierz Boratyński (born July 30, 1906 in Gródek - December 8, 1991 in Wrocław) was a Polish chemist.	Kazimierz Boratyński	chemist
occupation	Evaristo Ortega Zárate (disappeared 19 April 2010) was a Mexican journalist who founded the Espacio and Diario Misantla, two local weekly newspapers based in the Mexican state of Veracruz.	Evaristo Ortega Zárate	journalist
occupation	Klaus Waldeck, usually known by his stage name of Waldeck, is a Viennese former copyright lawyer and electronica musician.	Klaus Waldeck	musician
occupation	Herty Lewites Rodríguez (December 24, 1939 -- July 2, 2006) was a Nicaraguan politician of Jewish descent.	Herty Lewites	politician
occupation	Arthur Edward Blanchette (born March 23 1921 ) in Hartford Connecticut is a former Canadian diplomat.	Arthur Edward Blanchette	diplomat
occupation	Rachid El Ouali (Arabic: رشيد الوالي‎, born April 3, 1965) is a Moroccan actor, producer, director and TV host.	Rachid El Ouali	actor
occupation	Andre Vincent (born in Penge, England) is a stand-up comedian, writer and actor.	Andre Vincent	comedian
occupation	Christina Loukas (born in Riverwoods, Illinois, on December 19, 1985) is an American diver.	Christina Loukas	diver
occupation	Carol Bruce (November 15, 1919 -- October 9, 2007) was an American band singer, Broadway star, and film and television actress.	Carol Bruce	singer
occupation	Thus Crispus achieved his most important and difficult victory which further established his reputation as a brilliant soldier and general.	Crispus	soldier
occupation	Anna Banks is an American author, best known for her New York Times best selling Syrena Legacy series.	Anna Banks	author
occupation	René Sergent (French pronunciation: ​(ʁəne sɛʁʒɑ̃)) (July 4, 1865 - August 22, 1927) was a noted French architect.	René Sergent	architect
occupation	Min Kyung-hoon (Hangul: 민경훈; born October 6, 1984) is a South Korean singer.	Min Kyung-hoon	singer
occupation	Richard John Colangelo (April 14, 1957 -- March 10, 2007), better known by the stage name of Richard Jeni, was an American stand-up comedian and actor.	Richard Jeni	actor
occupation	Robert Scheer (born April 4, 1936) is an American journalist who writes a column for Truthdig that is nationally syndicated by Creators Syndicate in publications such as The Huffington Post and The Nation.	Robert Scheer	journalist
occupation	Viktor Klutho was an American architect of German descent, who designed a number of Catholic churches, schools, convents and rectories in Missouri, Illinois, and Indiana, and elsewhere.	Viktor Klutho	architect
occupation	Stephen Dorril (born 7 July 1955; Worcestershire) is a British academic, author, and journalist.	Stephen Dorril	journalist
occupation	Rio Matsumoto (Japanese: 松本莉緒) (born October 22, 1982) is a Japanese actress, model and singer.	Rio Matsumoto	model	singer
occupation	Emile Hennequin (1859 -- July 14, 1888) was an author, publisher, writer and philosopher who wrote theoretical and critical pieces.	Emile Hennequin	writer
occupation	Jordi Gordillo Brunet (born August 16, 1983 in Barcelona) is a S5 classified swimmer from Spain.	Jordi Gordillo Brunet	swimmer
occupation	Chetan Verma is an Indian politician who was a member of the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly from the Bemetara Assembly constituency ( no 73 ) then Durg district, ( now Bemetara district ), during 2003-2008.	Chetan Verma	politician
occupation	Yako Chan (Chinese: 詹子晴; pinyin: Zhan Zi Qing) is a singer and actress.	Yako Chan	singer
occupation	Steve Dent is a stunt coordinator in the United Kingdom.	Steve Dent	stunt coordinator
occupation	Ted Kendall is a British musical restorer and a mastering engineer.	Ted Kendall	engineer
occupation	Kemi Omololu-Olunloyo (born Olukemi Omololu-Olunloyo), also known online as Snitchlady, is a Nigerian journalist, pharmacist, gun violence activist and social media personality.	Kemi Omololu-Olunloyo	journalist
occupation	Kam Williams (born December 11, 1952) is an African American journalist, largely known for his work as a film critic, celebrity interviewer and literary critic.	Kam Williams	journalist
occupation	Rina Brundu (born 1968) is an Italian writer, the author of the novel Tana di Volpe featuring the Sardinian detective Don Osvaldo Da Silva Ochoa.	Rina Brundu	writer
occupation	Clive Dawson is an established screenwriter working in film and television.	Clive Dawson	screenwriter
occupation	Abhishek Jain (Gujarati: અભિષેક જૈન) is an Indian film director known for his Gujarati films Kevi Rite Jaish and Bey Yaar.	Abhishek Jain	film director
occupation	Louis Burton Lindley, Jr. (June 29, 1919 -- December 8, 1983), better known by his stage name Slim Pickens, was an American rodeo performer and film and television actor.	Slim Pickens	actor
occupation	Perceval Gibbon was a friend to the writer Joseph Conrad, and dedicated his book ``Flower o' the Peach'' to Joseph Conrad and Jessie Conrad.	Perceval Gibbon	writer
occupation	Jim Teachenor is the father of Platinum selling hit singer-songwriter, Jamie Teachenor and the father-in-law of novelist-author, Jen Teachenor.	Jim Teachenor	singer-songwriter
occupation	Mary Elizabeth Williams is an American writer and commentator.	Mary Elizabeth Williams	writer
occupation	Ariful Haque (Bengali: আরিফুল হক) is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh.	Ariful Haque	cricketer
occupation	Clint Crisher (born January 23, 1973) is an American pop singer and songwriter.	Clint Crisher	singer and songwriter
occupation	Martin Spellman (born October 8, 1925 in Des Moines, Iowa), was an American child actor active in films during the 1930s and 1940s.	Martin Spellman	actor
occupation	David Elkind (born March 11, 1931) is a Jewish-American child psychologist and author.	David Elkind	psychologist
occupation	Alain Sarde is a French film producer and actor.	Alain Sarde	film producer
occupation	Antonio Talens Taberna, Jr., also known as Anthony Taberna or Ka Tunying, (born January 16, 1975) is a Filipino broadcast journalist and radio commentator.	Anthony Taberna	journalist
occupation	Colette Cassidy is a television news reporter, journalist, writer, and speaker.	Colette Cassidy	journalist
occupation	Souléymane Sy Savané is an actor who starred in the 2008 film Goodbye Solo.	Souléymane Sy Savané	actor
occupation	Anthony Van Laast is a choreographer, mainly for the stage, concerts, television and film.	Anthony Van Laast	choreographer
occupation	Denyse Thomasos (October 10, 1964 - July 19, 2012) was a Trinidadian-Canadian painter known primarily for large-scale, abstract works.	Denyse Thomasos	painter
occupation	Cleitagora or Clitagora (Greek: Κλειταγόρας) was a Spartan lyric poet mentioned by Aristophanes in his Wasps and his lost play the Danaids.	Cleitagora	poet
occupation	James Brody (July 13, 1941 -- April 11, 2010) was an American composer, born in Clearfield, Pennsylvania.	James Brody	composer
occupation	Jim True-Frost (born Jim True; July 31, 1966) is an American stage, television and screen actor.	Jim True-Frost	actor
occupation	Joris Laarman (born October 24, 1979) is a Dutch designer, artist and entrepreneur best known for his experimental designs inspired by emerging technologies.	Joris Laarman	designer	artist
occupation	Frank Bencriscutto (September 21, 1928 -- August 28, 1997), nicknamed ``Dr. Ben,'' was an American conductor and composer of concert band music.	Frank Bencriscutto	conductor	composer
occupation	William Frederick Fisher (born April 1, 1946) is an American physician and a former NASA astronaut.	William Frederick Fisher	physician	astronaut
occupation	Ellen Palmer Allerton (October 17, 1835 -- August 31, 1893), was an American poet whose inspiration probably came from her life on farms in rural New York, Wisconsin, and Kansas.	Ellen Palmer Allerton	poet
occupation	Josephine Skriver (born April 14, 1993) is a Danish model known for her work with fashion and beauty brands like Victoria's Secret, Gucci, Max Mara, Michael Kors, Bulgari, and DKNY.	Josephine Skriver	model
occupation	Raymond Rushabiro is a Ugandan film actor, and stage actor.	Raymond Rushabiro	actor
occupation	Melanie Hudson is an English actress and comedian, one half of the double act Hudson and Pepperdine along with Vicki Pepperdine.	Melanie Hudson	comedian
occupation	Derrick Tseng (born 1954) is an American independent film producer based in New York City.	Derrick Tseng	film producer
occupation	Josef Heumann (born October 14, 1964) was a West German-German ski jumper who competed from 1981 to 1992.	Josef Heumann	ski jumper
occupation	Cameron Ezike Giles (born February 4, 1976), better known by his stage name Cam'ron (formerly Killa Cam), is an American rapper, actor and entrepreneur from Harlem, New York.	Cam'ron	rapper	actor
occupation	Eryck Abecassis is a composer, musician and an electric guitar player.	Eryck Abecassis	composer
occupation	Ziva Kunda (June 13, 1955 -- February 24, 2004) was a social psychologist well known for her work in social cognition and motivated reasoning.	Ziva Kunda	psychologist
occupation	Ryu Deok-hwan (Hangul: 류덕환; born June 12, 1987) is a South Korean actor.	Ryu Deok-hwan	actor
occupation	Anis Sayigh (Arabic: أنيس صايغ‎ November 3, 1931 - December 25, 2009) was a Palestinian Arab historian.	Anis Sayigh	historian
occupation	Saad Khalloqi (Arabic: سعد خلوقي‎; born May 14, 1978) is a Moroccan former swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Saad Khalloqi	swimmer
occupation	Denise Nicole White, professionally known as AverySunshine (sometimes stylized as Avery*Sunshine), is an American singer and pianist.	AverySunshine	singer
occupation	Slobodan Škerović (born September 27, 1954, in Belgrade) is a Serbian author, painter and philosopher, and a member of the international neo-avantgarde Signalism movement.	Slobodan Škerović	painter	philosopher
occupation	Björn Nagel (January 25, 1978) is a German-Ukrainian equestrian who competes in the sport of show jumping.	Björn Nagel	equestrian
occupation	Deirdre Mullins is an Irish film, television & theatre actor, director and voice artist.	Deirdre Mullins	actor
occupation	Chuck Treece (born June 30, 1964) is a session musician and professional skateboarder from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Chuck Treece	musician
occupation	Edmond Stanislas Aubry (July 29, 1860 -- October 19, 1936) was a physician, surgeon and politician in Quebec.	Edmond Stanislas Aubry	politician
occupation	Laura Ann Jacobs (born March 1, 1960 in Baltimore) is an American mixed media artist and sculptor.	Laura Ann Jacobs	artist
occupation	Cyril Stein (London, February 20, 1928 - Jerusalem, February 15, 2011) was an English bookmaker, businessman and finally philanthropic supporter of many Jewish causes and charities who first bought Ladbrokes in 1956, then floated it in 1967 and finally left it in 1993.	Cyril Stein	bookmaker
occupation	Hank Patterson (born Elmer Calvin Patterson; October 9, 1888 -- August 23, 1975) was an American actor and musician.	Hank Patterson	actor	musician
occupation	Miguel Ángel Martínez-González, MD, MPH, PhD, (born in 1957 in Malaga, Spain) is a Spanish physician, epidemiologist, professor, and nutrition researcher.	Miguel Ángel Martínez-González	epidemiologist
occupation	Richard Ambrose Reeves was an Anglican priest and opponent of Apartheid in the 20th century.	Ambrose Reeves	priest
occupation	Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus, commonly referred to simply as Vegetius, was a writer of the Later Roman Empire (late fourth century).	Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus	writer
occupation	Reni Masi (born 1933 or 1934) is a former Canadian politician, who served as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1996 to 2005, representing the riding of Delta North.	Reni Masi	politician
occupation	Matthew S. Collier is a business executive, entrepreneur, speaker and politician.	Matthew S. Collier	politician
occupation	Linda Lee Thomas (November 17, 1883 -- May 20, 1954) was an American socialite and the wife of musical theatre composer Cole Porter.	Linda Lee Thomas	socialite
occupation	Conrad Buff IV (born July 8, 1948) is an American film editor with more than 25 film credits since 1985.	Conrad Buff IV	film editor
occupation	Giuseppe Torri, also known as Pippo Torri, is a Lombard far-left politician.	Giuseppe Torri	politician
occupation	George Sidney Brett (August 5, 1879 in Briton Ferry, Wales -- October 27, 1944 in Toronto, Canada) was an English-Canadian psychologist.	George Sidney Brett	psychologist
occupation	Denton Massey (June 20, 1900 -- January 25, 1984) was a Canadian engineer, Anglican priest and politician.	Denton Massey	engineer	politician
occupation	Ethel Funches was a champion amateur golfer from 1950 to 1980 who won a number of local, regional and national titles, including seven titles at the United Golfers Association National Women's Open, fourteen wins at the Wake-Robin Golf Club Championships and over 100 local and regional titles and tropies.	Ethel Funches	golfer
occupation	Joan Kelly (March 29, 1928 -- August 15, 1982) was a prominent American historian who wrote on the Italian Renaissance, specifically on Leon Battista Alberti.	Joan Kelly	historian
occupation	Regy Thorpe (born November 27, 1971 in Auburn, New York) was a professional lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks in the National Lacrosse League who is now retired.	Regy Thorpe	lacrosse player
occupation	Burke Trieschmann is a composer and sound designer who provides music for film and video games.	Burke Trieschmann	composer
occupation	Jana Salat (born April 6, 1979 in Košice) is a Canadian water polo player, who was born in Slovakia.	Jana Salat	water polo player
occupation	Giulio Carmassi (born February 21, 1981) is an Italian composer, producer, video artist and multi instrumentalist.	Giulio Carmassi	composer
occupation	Michael Whelan (born June 29, 1950) is an American artist of imaginative realism.	Michael Whelan	artist
occupation	Rufat Aslanli Jabrayil oglu (Azerbaijani: Rüfət Aslanlı Cəbrayıl oğlu; born November 15, 1970), also spelled as Rufat Aslanly is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Chairman of State Committee for Securities of Azerbaijan Republic.	Rufat Aslanli	politician
occupation	Blanche Edwards-Pillet (1858--1941) was a famous French physician, medical teacher, and leading social reformer for women.	Blanche Edwards-Pillet	physician
occupation	Zhou Bichang (simplified Chinese: 周笔畅; traditional Chinese: 周筆暢; pinyin: Zhōu Bǐchàng), also known as Bibi Zhou or Bibi Chow, is a Chinese singer and songwriter.	Bibi Zhou	singer
occupation	Marguerite Abouet is an Ivorian writer of bandes dessinées.	Marguerite Abouet	writer
occupation	James Tomalin is a British composer and music producer.	James Tomalin	composer
occupation	Thomas Hal Phillips (October 11, 1922 -- April 3, 2007) was an American actor and screenwriter.	Thomas Hal Phillips	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Siliva Siliva (born 11 February 1991) is an Australian rugby union player who plays for the Brumbies in Super Rugby.	Siliva Siliva	rugby union player
occupation	Angela Elwell Hunt (born December 20, 1957) is a prolific Christian author, and her books include The Tale of Three Trees, The Debt, The Note, and The Nativity Story, among others.	Angela Elwell Hunt	author
occupation	Tim Easton is a Nashville, Tennessee-based American guitarist and singer-songwriter playing rock and roll, folk and Americana music.	Tim Easton	guitarist	singer-songwriter
occupation	Henry Francis Pelham, FSA, FBA (10 September 1846 in Berg Apton, Norfolk -- 13 February 1907) was an English scholar and historian.	Henry Francis Pelham	historian
occupation	Skottie Young (born April 3 1978) is an American comic book artist, children's book illustrator and writer.	Skottie Young	illustrator
occupation	Gesner Abelard, (alternately Gesnerr) (born 22 February 1922) is a Haitian painter and sculptor.	Gesner Abelard	painter	sculptor
occupation	Professor John Garside, CBE FREng is a British chemical engineer who was the last Vice-Chancellor of UMIST.	John Garside	engineer
occupation	Kyle DeWoody is an American gallery owner and curator.	Kyle DeWoody	curator
occupation	Mark Caltonhill is a British translator and writer.	Mark Caltonhill	translator
occupation	According to Hasidic legend, Adam Baal Shem of Ropczyce (Hebrew: אָדָם בַּעַל שֵׁם מרוֹפְּשִׁיץ) was a rabbi and mystic who first introduced the movement of Hasidism.	Adam Baal Shem	rabbi
occupation	Claude Coats (January 17, 1913 -- January 9, 1992) was an American artist, animator and set designer, known for his work with the Walt Disney Animation Studios and Walt Disney Imagineering.	Claude Coats	animator
occupation	Doron Rabinovici is an Israeli-Austrian writer, historian and essayist.	Doron Rabinovici	writer	historian
occupation	Jacob Collins (born 1964) is an American realist painter working in New York, NY.	Jacob Collins	painter
occupation	Barbara Boylan (born August 12, 1942 in Long Beach, California) is an American dancer and former television personality who was featured on The Lawrence Welk Show from 1961 to 1967, and briefly for a few months in 1979.	Barbara Boylan	dancer
occupation	Ha Eun-ju (Korean: 김 현주; born August 12, 1986) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Ha Eun-ju	swimmer
occupation	Sylvia Plimack Mangold (born September 18, 1938) is an American artist, painter, printmaker, and pastelist.	Sylvia Plimack Mangold	artist	painter
occupation	Gwilym Tew (fl. 1460 - 1480) was a Welsh language poet and manuscript copyist from Tir Iarll, Glamorgan.	Gwilym Tew	poet
occupation	Matthaeus Platearius was a physician from the medical school at Salerno, and is thought to have produced a twelfth-century Latin manuscript on medicinal herbs titled ``Circa Instans'' aka (``The Book of Simple Medicines''), later translated into French as ``Le Livre des simples medecines''.	Matthaeus Platearius	physician
occupation	Siarhey Balakhonau (or Siarhiej Bałachonaŭ) (bel: Сяргей Балахонаў); born April 24, 1977) is a Belarusian postmodern writer.	Siarhey Balakhonau	writer
occupation	Carlos Mugica (October 7, 1930 - May 11, 1974) was an Argentine Roman Catholic priest and activist.	Carlos Mugica	Catholic priest
occupation	Nils Håkansson (Latinized as Nicolaus Haquini) was a late medieval Swedish painter from Vadstena, known for his wall paintings in numerous churches in Scania, Sweden.	Nils Håkansson	painter
occupation	Dave Pomeroy (born April 26, 1956) is an American musician, known as a Nashville vocalist, songwriter, and producer (Earwave Productions), but is best known as a bassist.	Dave Pomeroy	musician	songwriter
occupation	Jack MacKenzie (1892--1979) was a British-born cinematographer who worked for most of his career in the United States.	Jack MacKenzie	cinematographer
occupation	Gedaliah Alon (Hebrew: גדליה אלון‎) (1901--1950) was a distinguished Israeli historian.	Gedaliah Alon	historian
occupation	Janko Peric (born February 24, 1949), is a former Canadian politician.	Janko Peric	politician
occupation	Hank Lazer (b. San Jose, California) is an American poet and critic who teaches at the University of Alabama.	Hank Lazer	poet
occupation	Pusai (?-Good Friday, 344) was a Christian priest and companion in martyrdom with Simeon Barsabae and others.	Pusai	priest
occupation	Adriano Irala (July 21, 1894 - August 18, 1933) was a Paraguayan intellectual, professor and journalist.	Adriano Irala	journalist
occupation	Edward Joseph Baines (about 1815 - 1880) was an alderman and mayor of the Brisbane Municipal Council.	Edward Joseph Baines	alderman
occupation	Massimo Dallamano (April 17, 1917 -- November 4, 1976), sometimes credited as Max Dillman, Max Dillmann or Jack Dalmas, was an Italian director, cinematographer and screenwriter.	Massimo Dallamano	cinematographer	screenwriter
occupation	Jamey Jewells (born August 23, 1989) is Canadian 1.0 point wheelchair basketball player, who has played for Team Canada and the Trier Dolphins in Germany.	Jamey Jewells	basketball player
occupation	John Steuart Curry (November 14, 1897 -- August 29, 1946) was an American painter whose career spanned the years from 1924 until his death.	John Steuart Curry	painter
occupation	Andrea Weiss is an American rabbi, author, and Assistant Professor of Bible at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in New York, where she was ordained in 1993.	Andrea Weiss	rabbi
occupation	Michael Gartenberg is a technology journalist, analyst and blogger.	Michael Gartenberg	journalist
occupation	Woody Kling (April 14, 1925 -- April 10, 1988) was an American television writer, producer, playwright, and composer.	Woody Kling	composer
occupation	Dan Israel is a singer-songwriter currently based in Minneapolis.	Dan Israel	singer-songwriter
occupation	Hemant Divate is a reputed Marathi poet,editor,translator and publisher based in Mumbai.	Hemant Divate	translator
occupation	Brigitte Peterhans (born 1928) is a German American architect, born 27 August 1928 in Sulz am Neckar, Germany.	Brigitte Peterhans	architect
occupation	Jonas Ekfeldt is a Swedish music producer and singer.	Jonas Ekfeldt	singer
occupation	Ines Rudolph is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s.	Ines Rudolph	canoer
occupation	Chito S. Roño (born April 26, 1954), also known as Sixto Kayko, is a Filipino writer, film producer and film director known for his expansive vision and special-effects-heavy films, most notably Yamashita:	Chito S. Roño	writer	film director
occupation	Vladan Dinić (Serbian Cyrillic: Владан Динић; born Маy 25, 1949) is a Serbian journalist, TV-host and editor-in-chief of the weekly newspaper ``Svedok''.	Vladan Dinić	journalist
occupation	Justin Pierre formed Motion City Soundtrack in 1997 with friend Joshua Cain, becoming the lead singer as well as playing rhythm guitar.	Justin Pierre	singer
occupation	Dr. Duanqing Pei is a research scientist who specializes in regenerative medicine.	Duanqing Pei	scientist
occupation	The history of Ba Zaw's early training as a painter is a patchwork of contradictory claims.	Ba Zaw	painter
occupation	Pietro Foresti (born June 29, 1977 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian music producer, engineer, and manager.	Pietro Foresti	engineer
occupation	Guilhem de Saint-Leidier, also spelled Guilhem de Saint Deslier, Guillem de Saint Deidier and Guilhèm de Sant Leidier was a troubadour of the 12th century, composing in Occitan.	Guilhem de Saint-Leidier	troubadour
occupation	Gustaf Wilhelm Palm (March 14, 1810 -- September 20, 1890) was a Swedish landscape painter and professor.	Gustaf Wilhelm Palm	painter
occupation	Clare Potter was a fashion designer who was born in Jersey City, New Jersey in 1903.	Clare Potter	fashion designer
occupation	Thomas Lowndes Snead (January 10, 1828 -- October 17, 1890) was a Confederate soldier and politician who served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War.	Thomas Lowndes Snead	politician
occupation	Chuck Hay is a Scottish curler and World Champion.	Chuck Hay	curler
occupation	Amitabha Singh is a cinematographer and producer in the Indian film industry who is known forKhosla Ka Ghosla, National Award winning Chillar Party, etc. He started his career as a cinematographer in 1994.	Amitabha Singh	cinematographer
occupation	Željko Kerum (born September 25, 1960) is a Croatian entrepreneur and politician.	Željko Kerum	entrepreneur
occupation	Don Michael Randel (born December 9, 1940) is an American musicologist, specializing in the music of the Middle Ages and Renaissance in Spain and France.	Don Michael Randel	musicologist
occupation	Cyrillus, Greek jurist of the 5th century, was a professor in the ancient Law School of Berytus (present-day Beirut), and one of the founders of the oecumenical school of jurists (τῆς οἰκουμένης διδάσκαλοι).	Cyrillus	jurist
occupation	Elisabeth von Janota-Bzowski (November 23, 1912 -- August 15, 2012) was a German graphic artist known for her postage stamps and magazine designs.	Elisabeth von Janota-Bzowski	artist
occupation	James Gadsden (May 15, 1788 -- December 26, 1858) was an American diplomat, soldier and businessman and namesake of the Gadsden Purchase, in which the United States purchased from Mexico the land that became the southern portion of Arizona and New Mexico.	James Gadsden	diplomat	soldier
occupation	Bundit Ungrangsee (Thai: บัณฑิต อึ้งรังษี; rtgs: Bandit Uengrangsi, born December 7, 1970) is an international symphonic conductor.	Bundit Ungrangsee	conductor
occupation	Carol Teichrob (née Sproxton; August 27, 1939) was a Saskatchewan politician, member of the legislative assembly (MLA) for 8 years.	Carol Teichrob	politician
occupation	Lorenzo Ochoa Salas (died December 7, 2009) was a Mexican archaeologist.	Lorenzo Ochoa Salas	archaeologist
occupation	Pieter Van den Abeele is a computer programmer, and the founder of the PowerPC-version of Gentoo Linux, a foundation connected with a distribution of the Linux computer operating system.	Pieter Van den Abeele	programmer
occupation	Arpad Darazs graduated from Franz Liszt Conservatory in Budapest and was the conductor of the Hungarian State Ballet Chorus and Orchestra, as well as choirmaster for the Hungarian Radio Network.	Arpad Darazs	conductor
occupation	Darrell Spinks (born July 24, 1973) St. Louis, Missouri, U.S.) is an American former professional boxer.	Darrell Spinks	boxer
occupation	Antonio Ferramolino was a 16th century Italian architect and military engineer.	Antonio Ferramolino	architect
occupation	Gregg Wattenberg is a songwriter, music producer, and musician residing in New York City, New York.	Gregg Wattenberg	songwriter
occupation	Stavros Michaelides (also Stavros Mikhailidis, Greek: Σταύρος Μιχαηλίδης; born November 20, 1970) is a Cypriot former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Stavros Michaelides	swimmer
occupation	Kevin James LaBrie (born May 5, 1963) is a Canadian vocalist and songwriter, who is best known as the lead singer of the American progressive metal band Dream Theater.	James LaBrie	singer
occupation	Hattie Hart was an American Memphis blues singer and songwriter.	Hattie Hart	singer
occupation	Ali Boulala (born January 28, 1979) is a Swedish professional skateboarder, who has appeared in the Flip Skateboards videos Sorry and Really Sorry, Osiris' Subject to Change, and numerous Baker Skateboards videos.	Ali Boulala	skateboarder
occupation	Henry Flad (July 30, 1824 -- July 20, 1898) was a German-born civil engineer who served as an engineering officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War, as a railroad engineer before and during the civil war, and later as a civil engineer after the war.	Henry Flad	civil engineer	engineer
occupation	Robert Capa (born Endre Friedmann; October 22, 1913 -- May 25, 1954) was a Hungarian war photographer, photo journalist and also the companion and professional partner of photographer Gerda Taró.	Robert Capa	war photographer	journalist	photographer
occupation	Tony Benshoof (born July 7, 1975) is an American luger from White Bear Lake, Minnesota who has been competing since 1990.	Tony Benshoof	luger
occupation	Maritza Medina (born in Illinois, June 13, 1969) is a Puerto Rican actress, model, doula and radio host.	Maritza Medina	model
occupation	Peter Corney (born 18th century, died August 31, 1835) was an English sailor and explorer.	Peter Corney	explorer
occupation	Eeva-Kaarina Volanen (January 15, 1921 Kuusankoski -- January 29, 1999 Helsinki) was a Finnish actor.	Eeva-Kaarina Volanen	actor
occupation	Jean-Bernard Pommier (born August 17, 1944 in Beziers), is a French pianist and conductor.	Jean-Bernard Pommier	pianist	conductor
occupation	Vladimír Klokočka (April 23, 1929 - October 19, 2009) was a Czech lawyer, legal expert and politician.	Vladimír Klokočka	politician
occupation	Jack Moyles (June 26, 1913 -- January 16, 1973) was an American actor best known for starring as cafe owner/amateur detective Rocky Jordan in the CBS radio serials A Man Named Jordan and The Adventures of Rocky Jordan.	Jack Moyles	actor
occupation	Christopher Gore (September 21, 1758 -- March 1, 1827) was a prominent Massachusetts lawyer, Federalist politician, and U.S. diplomat.	Christopher Gore	politician	diplomat
occupation	Coleridge-Taylor Perkinson (June 14, 1932, Manhattan, New York City or possibly (unconfirmed) Winston-Salem, North Carolina -- March 9, 2004, Chicago) was an innovative American composer whose interests spanned the worlds of jazz, dance, pop, film, television, and classical music.	Coleridge-Taylor Perkinson	composer
occupation	Mohammed Kamal el-Shennawi (Arabic: محمد كمال الشناوي‎, Moḥammad Kamāl ish-Shennāwī; December 26, 1921 -- August 22, 2011) was an Egyptian film and television actor, director and producer.	Kamal el-Shennawi	actor
occupation	Patricia Neary (born October 27, 1942) is an American ballerina, choreographer and ballet director, who has been particularly active in Switzerland.	Patricia Neary	choreographer
occupation	Zdravko Mlinar (Žiri, 30 January 1933), sociologist, Doctor of Social and Political Sciences, Professor of Spatial Sociology (retired), Professor Emeritus, University of Ljubljana, member of the Slovenian and the Croatian Academies of Science.	Zdravko Mlinar	sociologist
occupation	Michael Coren (born 15 January 1959) is a British-Canadian columnist, author, public speaker, radio host and television talk show host.	Michael Coren	radio host
occupation	(Jay) Gayne Rescher, A.S.C., (December 19, 1924 -- February 29, 2008) was an American cinematographer and director of photography.	Gayne Rescher	cinematographer
occupation	Glenn Rockowitz (born May 27, 1970 in Plainview, New York), is an American writer, filmmaker, comedian and voice actor.	Glenn Rockowitz	writer
occupation	Kenneth Edward Bailey (born March 28, 1986), better known by his stage name Young Scooter, is an American rapper from Atlanta, GA, who is affiliated with Freebandz and 1017 Brick Squad Records and signed to his own label Black Migo Gang.	Young Scooter	rapper
occupation	Pieter Bergman (Russian: Питер Бергман) was a Swedish-born officer of the Imperial Russian Navy in 1698 - 1706, cartographer.	Pieter Bergman	cartographer
occupation	Ruby Dee (October 27, 1922 -- June 11, 2014) was an American actress, poet, playwright, screenwriter, journalist and activist.	Ruby Dee	journalist
occupation	Stanisław Saks (December 30, 1897 -- November 23, 1942) was a Polish mathematician and university tutor, a member of the Lwów School of Mathematics, known primarily for his membership in the Scottish Café circle, an extensive monograph on the theory of integrals, his works on measure theory and the Vitali--	Stanisław Saks	mathematician
occupation	Zuill Bailey (born 1972) is an American cellist, chamber musician, and artistic director.	Zuill Bailey	cellist
occupation	Peire de la Caravana (also Cavarana, Gavarana, or Cà Varana, perhaps meaning ``near Verona'') was an Italian troubadour (trovatore) in Lombardy in the late 12th and early 13th centuries.	Peire de la Caravana	troubadour
occupation	Roger Edward Kuntz (January 4, 1926 -- August 22, 1975) was a highly accomplished Southern California landscape painter and a member of the Claremont Group of painters - professors and graduates of Pomona College, Scripps College, and the Claremont Graduate School.	Roger Edward Kuntz	painter
occupation	Al Ghorbanpoor is a civil engineer and professor of civil engineering and mechanics at the University of Wisconsin--	Al Ghorbanpoor	civil engineer
occupation	Matana Roberts is a sound experimentalist, jazz saxophonist and clarinetist, composer and improviser based in New York City.	Matana Roberts	clarinetist
occupation	Claudio Guastalla was an Italian opera librettist.	Claudio Guastalla	librettist
occupation	Givi Kandareli (Georgian: გივი ყანდარელი) (February 21, 1933 -- June 7, 2006) was a famous Georgian painter, one of the premier tapestry and watercolor artists and creator of Georgian school of Gobelin Tapestry.	Givi Kandareli	painter
occupation	Colonel John R. Bourgeois was a conductor of the United States Marine Band from 1979 to 1996, as well as esteemed composer / arranger of American music.	John R. Bourgeois	conductor	composer
occupation	Ignazio Spalla (best known as Pedro Sanchez, 1924--1995) was an Italian film actor.	Ignazio Spalla	actor
occupation	Lewis Colick in an American screenwriter born in Brooklyn, New York.	Lewis Colick	screenwriter
occupation	Rachael Magoola is a Ugandan singer, songwriter and dancer.	Rachael Magoola	singer
occupation	Duncan Ley is an Australian playwright, actor, theatrical producer and director who has also written for Sydney's Motion Picture Company.	Duncan Ley	playwright
occupation	Gene L. Coon (January 7, 1924 -- July 8, 1973) was an American screenwriter and television producer.	Gene L. Coon	screenwriter
occupation	Josip Leko (born 19 September 1948) is a Croatian politician who served as a 9th Speaker of the Croatian Parliament.	Josip Leko	politician
occupation	Valeriy Pecheykin (Russian: Валéрий Валéрьевич Печéйкин) is a Russian playwright, dramaturge, and journalist.	Valeriy Pecheykin	journalist
occupation	Abolfazl Fateh is a media expert, medical doctor, journalist and political activist.	Abolfazl Fateh	journalist
occupation	Heike Witt is a retired German swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships.	Heike Witt	swimmer
occupation	Tania León (born May 14, 1943) is a Cuban-born composer and conductor who is also an educator and advisor to arts organizations.	Tania León	composer	conductor
occupation	A. Hashim Sarkis (1964--) is a Lebanese architect and author.	Hashim Sarkis	architect
occupation	William Thomas Councilman was an American pathologist, born January 1, 1854, Pikesville, Maryland; died May 26, 1933, York Village, Maine.	William Thomas Councilman	pathologist
occupation	Bryan Dubreuiel (born March 27, 1969 in Atlanta, Georgia), in an American artist.	Bryan Dubreuiel	artist
occupation	Mark Derr is an American author and journalist, noted for his books on dogs, as well as the social and environmental developments of Florida.	Mark Derr	journalist
occupation	Eunice Yoon is an American television journalist.	Eunice Yoon	journalist
occupation	Hettie Vyrine Barnhill, is a choreographer-dancer raised in St Louis, Missouri.	Hettie Vyrine Barnhill	dancer
occupation	Chris Menges BSC, ASC (born 15 September 1940) is an English cinematographer and film director.	Chris Menges	cinematographer	film director
occupation	Danie Brits was an accomplished amateur wrestler and judoka before entering professional wrestling.	Danie Brits	amateur wrestler
occupation	Stijn Claessens (born Constantijn Anton Marie Francois Claessens, June 19, 1959) is a Dutch economist who currently serves as the Assistant Director of International Monetary Fund's Research Department.	Stijn Claessens	economist
occupation	Ida Elionsky was a champion long distance swimmer and handicap swimmer.	Ida Elionsky	swimmer
occupation	Kościuszko was the youngest son of a member of the szlachta (nobility), Ludwik Tadeusz Kościuszko, an officer in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth Army, and his wife Tekla, née Ratomska.	Tadeusz Kościuszko	officer
occupation	Flossie Wong-Staal (黃以靜 pinyin: Huáng Yǐ jìng, born August 27, 1947), born Yee Ching Wong, is a Chinese-American virologist and molecular biologist.	Flossie Wong-Staal	biologist
occupation	Deborah Cher is a singer-songwriter and writer (under the pen name Deborah Michaela) whose first album, Partie pour chercher quek'chose de chaud (Looking for Something Hot) was released in 2008.	Deborah Cher	singer
occupation	Natalya Gorelova, née Zaytseva (born 18 April 1973 in Moscow) is a Russian middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres.	Natalya Gorelova	middle distance runner
occupation	Lamprus of Erythrae or Lamprus of Athens (Ancient Greek: Λάμπρος) was an ancient Greek musician with excellent skill at the playing of the lyre.	Lamprus of Erythrae	musician
occupation	Ned Vaughn (born November 20, 1964) is an American film and television actor who served as vice president of the Screen Actors Guild prior to becoming the founding executive vice president of SAG-AFTRA.	Ned Vaughn	actor
occupation	John Doby Kennedy (January 5, 1840 -- April 14, 1896) was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War, as well as a post-war planter, attorney, politician, and the 57th Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina serving under Governor Johnson Hagood.	John Doby Kennedy	politician
occupation	Tamir Goodman (born January 18, 1982), dubbed by Sports Illustrated magazine as the ``Jewish Jordan'', is an American-born Israeli retired Orthodox Jewish basketball player.	Tamir Goodman	basketball player
occupation	Jay Pather is a South African curator, choreographer, and director working in Cape Town.	Jay Pather	choreographer
occupation	Steve Dille (born March 16, 1945) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 18, which includes portions of Carver, McLeod, Meeker, Stearns and Wright counties just west of the Twin Cities metropolitan area.	Steve Dille	politician
occupation	Joel Ryce-Menuhin (June 11, 1933 -- March 31, 1998) was an American pianist, who later became a Jungian psychologist in private practice.	Joel Ryce-Menuhin	psychologist
occupation	Professor Sundaraja Sitharama Iyengar is a US-based computer scientist in the field of distributed sensor networks, computational aspects of robotics, and oceanographic applications.	Sundaraja Sitharama Iyengar	computer scientist
occupation	Rajnesh Domalpalli is an Indian film director, from Andhra Pradesh.	Rajnesh Domalpalli	film director
occupation	Neven Maguire is an Irish celebrity chef and television personality from Blacklion, County Cavan, Ireland.	Neven Maguire	chef
occupation	Wanda Perry-Josephs is a gospel music singer-songwriter and minister from Boston, Massachusetts.	Wanda Perry-Josephs	singer-songwriter
occupation	Otto von Guericke (originally spelled Gericke, German pronunciation: (ˈɡeːʁɪkə)) (November 20, 1602 -- May 11, 1686 (Julian calendar); November 30, 1602 -- May 21, 1686 (Gregorian calendar)) was a German scientist, inventor, and politician.	Otto von Guericke	inventor	politician
occupation	Rudolf Rittner (June 30, 1869 -- February 4, 1943) was a German actor born in Weissbach, Moravia, famous for playing knight and folk hero Florian Geyer in Gerhart Hauptmann's drama of the same name.	Rudolf Rittner	actor
occupation	Carson Charles is a Trinidad and Tobago politician and former Minister of Works and Transportation.	Carson Charles	politician
occupation	Erica Buettner is an American indie folk singer songwriter based in Lisboa, Portugal.	Erica Buettner	singer songwriter
occupation	Steven Karidoyanes (born November 5, 1957, Boston, Massachusetts to Michael and Tula Karidoyanes) is an American composer, broadcaster and conductor with the Plymouth Philharmonic Orchestra.	Steven Karidoyanes	conductor
occupation	Bernie Finkelstein (born August 12, 1944) is a Canadian music executive and talent manager.	Bernie Finkelstein	music executive
occupation	Jovan Subotić (1817--1886) was a lawyer, writer and politician who was member of the Serbian Royal Academy of Sciences and Serbian Learned Society.	Jovan Subotić	writer
occupation	David Guterson (/ˈɡʌtərsən/ GUT-ər-sən; born May 4, 1956) is an American novelist, short story writer, poet, journalist, and essayist.	David Guterson	novelist	writer	journalist
occupation	Li Mei-shu (Chinese: 李梅樹; pinyin: Li Méishù) (March 13, 1902 - February 6, 1983) was a Taiwanese painter, sculptor, and councillor.	Li Mei-shu	painter	sculptor
occupation	Tom Greenway (June 5, 1909--February 8, 1985) was an American character actor of film and television, whose career, in movies and television westerns, extended from 1949 to 1965.	Tom Greenway	actor
occupation	Alex Biryukov is a cryptographer, currently a full professor at the University of Luxembourg.	Alex Biryukov	cryptographer
occupation	On July 3, 1994, Bijan Mortazavi performed his music with an orchestra at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles, becoming the first Iranian musician to be featured at the theatre.	Bijan Mortazavi	musician
occupation	Liv Maessen is an Australian pop singer who had hits in the early 1970s with ``The Love Moth'', ``Knock, Knock Who's There?'' and ``Snowbird''.	Liv Maessen	singer
occupation	Peter Britt is still known and celebrated in Southern Oregon as the pioneer photographer who left a rich heritage of local 19th-century portraits and landscapes.	Peter Britt	photographer
occupation	Brijesh Kumar Gupta (Nepali: बृजेश कुमार गुप्ता) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Tarai Madhes Loktantrik Party.	Brijesh Kumar Gupta	politician
occupation	Anna Lubiw is a computer scientist known for her work in computational geometry and graph theory.	Anna Lubiw	computer scientist
occupation	Carlo Labruzzo born in Rome, was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes.	Carlo Labruzzo	painter
occupation	Nicos Nicolaides (Greek: Νίκος Νικολαΐδης) was a Greek painter and writer.	Nicos Nicolaides	painter	writer
occupation	Xuejia Lai (simplified Chinese: 来学嘉; traditional Chinese: 來學嘉; pinyin: Lái Xuéjiā) is a cryptographer, currently a professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University.	Xuejia Lai	cryptographer
occupation	Victor Morin (August 15, 1865 -- September 30, 1960) was a Canadian notary, politician, and writer.	Victor Morin	politician
occupation	Vyacheslav Ivanovich Lebedev (Russian: Вячеслав Иванович Лебедев) (January 27, 1930 -- March 22, 2010) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician, known for his work on numerical analysis.	Vyacheslav Ivanovich Lebedev	mathematician
occupation	Ignatz Anton Pilát (1820--1870) was an Austrian-born gardener who migrated to the United States to work on the design and planting of New York's Central Park.	Ignatz Anton Pilát	gardener
occupation	Sheree Bradford-Lea is a Canadian freelance cartoonist and mixed-media artist, based in Ottawa, Ontario.	Sheree Bradford-Lea	cartoonist
occupation	Vincent Triest (Albanian pronunciation: (vinsɛnt trɪst) Dutch pronunciation: (vɪncɛnt trɪɛst)) is a Dutch-Albanian journalist.	Vincent Triest	journalist
occupation	Kathleen Madigan (born September 30, 1965) is an American comedian and TV personality.	Kathleen Madigan	comedian
occupation	William Bonnar (1800 - 1853) was a Scottish painter of portraits, history, and genre in the 19th century.	William Bonnar	painter
occupation	Song Lun (Chinese: 宋伦, born January 18, 1981 in Qiqihar) is a Chinese figure skater.	Song Lun	figure skater
occupation	George Michael Cohan (July 3, 1878 -- November 5, 1942), known professionally as George M. Cohan, was an American entertainer, playwright, composer, lyricist, actor, singer, dancer and producer.	George M. Cohan	composer	actor	singer
occupation	Andrée Ruffo is a former Quebec judge named to the Bench in 1987.	Andrée Ruffo	judge
occupation	Lois Johnson Scoggins (May 15, 1942 -- July 7, 2014) professionally known as Lois Johnson was an American country music singer.	Lois Johnson	singer
occupation	Yasser Salihee (1974--2005) was an Iraqi doctor and journalist from Baghdad.	Yasser Salihee	journalist
occupation	Jeff Kurtenacker (born September 7, 1976) is a music composer for video games, television, radio, and film.	Jeff Kurtenacker	composer
occupation	Waldy Dzikowski (ˈvaldi d͡ʑiˈkɔvskʲi) (born July 23, 1959 in Wschowa) is a Polish politician.	Waldy Dzikowski	politician
occupation	Michael Sterling Eaton is an American multi media artist.	Michael Sterling Eaton	artist
occupation	Mahmoud al-Rimawy (Arabic: محمود الريماوي) (born 1948) is a Palestinian journalist and author.	Mahmoud al-Rimawy	journalist
occupation	Zhao Kezhi (Chinese: 赵克志; born December 1953) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2015 as the Communist Party Secretary of Hebei province.	Zhao Kezhi	politician
occupation	Roger N. Beachy (born 1944) is an American biologist and the founding president of the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center in St. Louis, Missouri.	Roger N. Beachy	biologist
occupation	Stuart Pyke is a British-born sports journalist and broadcaster.	Stuart Pyke	journalist
occupation	Joseph N. Langan was a Mobile, Alabama-area community leader and politician who served four terms on the Mobile City Commission as well as several terms as Mayor of Mobile.	Joseph N. Langan	politician
occupation	Archidike (also transliterated Archidice, Greek: αρχιδικη) was a celebrated hetaera of Naucratis in Egypt.	Archidike	hetaera
occupation	Edward Chiera (August 5, 1885 - June 20, 1933) was an Italian-American archaeologist, Assyriologist, and scholar of religions and linguistics.	Edward Chiera	archaeologist
occupation	Gene October is an English musician, best known as the singer for the punk rock band, Chelsea.	Gene October	musician
occupation	Padma Ratna Tuladhar (Nepali: पद्मरत्न तुलाधर) is a former Nepalese politician and currently a human rights activist.	Padma Ratna Tuladhar	politician	human rights activist
occupation	Dámaso Pérez Prado (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpeɾes ˈpɾaðo); December 11, 1916 -- September 14, 1989) was a Cuban-Mexican bandleader, singer, organist, pianist and composer, who also made brief appearances in films.	Pérez Prado	composer
occupation	Jerard Hurwitz (born 1928) is an American biochemist who co-discovered RNA polymerase in 1960 along with Sam Weiss, Audrey Stevens, and James Bonner.	Jerard Hurwitz	biochemist
occupation	Nathan Rogers (born July 16, 1979 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian folk musician/songwriter.	Nathan Rogers	musician
occupation	Lidia Nencheva (Bulgarian: Лидия Ненчева, born in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian sport shooter.	Lidia Nencheva	sport shooter
occupation	Tory Mason (also known as Adrian) is an American pornographic actor (porn star) who has appeared in gay pornography; both in pornographic films and online at commercial amateur porn websites.	Tory Mason	pornographic actor
occupation	Jeff Wellemeyer (born September 13, 1972) is an American entrepreneur, software developer and an international property and resort developer.	Jeff Wellemeyer	entrepreneur	software developer
occupation	Osman Şirin (born on November 5, 1943 in Vakfıkebir, Trabzon Province), is a high-ranked Turkish judge and currently the Deputy First President of the Court of Cassation.	Osman Şirin	judge
occupation	Francis L. Kellogg (January 5, 1917--April 6, 2006) was a diplomat, a special assistant to the Secretary of State during the Nixon and Ford Administrations and a prominent socialite in New York City.	Francis L. Kellogg	diplomat	socialite
occupation	Craig Dias is a current Gaelic football player with Kilmacud Crokes and Dublin.	Craig Dias	Gaelic football player
occupation	Alyssa Graham (born Alyssa Hope Altschul) is a singer-songwriter based largely in New York City.	Alyssa Graham	singer
occupation	Audrey B. Collins (born 1945) is a former United States district judge and an associate justice of the Second District Court of Appeal for the State of California.	Audrey B. Collins	judge
occupation	Philip Gyselaer, also Giselaer (c. 1620 -- after 1650), was a Flemish painter specialized in history painting in the tradition of Willem van Herp.	Philip Gyselaer	painter
occupation	Ricardo LaMarre, better known as his stage name Rico Beats, is an American record producer and songwriter from Brooklyn, New York City.	Rico Beats	songwriter
occupation	Manijeh Hekmat (Persian: منیژه حکمت) is an Iranian film director.	Manijeh Hekmat	film director
occupation	Bobo Jenkins (January 7, 1916 -- August 14, 1984) was an American Detroit blues and electric blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Bobo Jenkins	singer
occupation	Richard Angst (1905--1984) was a Swiss cinematographer who worked on more than ninety films during his career, most of them in Germany.	Richard Angst	cinematographer
occupation	Charles E. Sporck (born November 15, 1927) is an American engineer and former company manager.	Charles E. Sporck	engineer
occupation	Shlomo Grofman is a leading Israeli real estate developer businessperson.	Shlomo Grofman	businessperson
occupation	Ryan Odom (born July 11, 1974) is an American men's college basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the Lenoir-Rhyne Bears, a position he has held since May 2015.	Ryan Odom	basketball coach
occupation	Patrick Krief is a Canadian musician and singer-songwriter.	Patrick Krief	singer
occupation	Charles Edward Moss (February 7, 1870 Hyde, Cheshire - November 11, 1930 Johannesburg), was an English-born South African botanist, the youngest son of a nonconformist minister, and is noted for being the editor of the first two parts of The Cambridge British Flora published in 1914 and 1920.	Charles Edward Moss	botanist
occupation	Ricardo de Jaxa Malachowski (Polish: Ryszard Jaxa-Małachowski Kulisicz) was a Peruvian architect of Polish and Slovak origin.	Ricardo de Jaxa Malachowski	architect
occupation	Ahmad Monshi Ghomi, also known as Ghazi Ahmad, was a Persian author and calligrapher.	Ahmad Monshi Ghomi	calligrapher
occupation	April Lee is an artist whose work has appeared in role-playing games, Collectible card games, and PC games.	April Lee	artist
occupation	Roman Aramian is an Armenian boxer, fighting out of Germany.	Roman Aramian	boxer
occupation	Hardy Rawls (born November 18, 1952) is an American character actor.	Hardy Rawls	actor
occupation	Wade Bowen is an American Texas Country/Red Dirt singer from Waco, Texas.	Wade Bowen	singer
occupation	Sam Lavagnino (born June 29, 2006) is an American child voice actor known for the role of Catbug in Bravest Warriors.	Sam Lavagnino	voice actor
occupation	Ron O'Neal (September 1, 1937 -- January 14, 2004) was an American actor, director and screenwriter, who rose to fame in his role as Youngblood Priest, a New York cocaine dealer in the blaxploitation film Super Fly (1972) and its sequel Super Fly T.N.T. (1973).	Ron O'Neal	actor
occupation	Dihan Slabbert (born 3 June 1982), is a South African singer, performer, composer, producer, musician, and songwriter.	Dihan Slabbert	singer	composer
occupation	Jim Kirkpatrick is a Unionist politician who has represented the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) three times and the Democratic Unionist Party twice.	Jim Kirkpatrick	politician
occupation	Ronald Siler Jr., commonly known as Ron Siler (born April 8, 1980 in Knoxville) is a US-American amateur boxer who has competed for the US at the 2004 Olympics.	Ronald Siler	boxer
occupation	George W. Cross (born September 30, 1872) was an American politician from Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, who served in the Missouri House of Representatives.	George W. Cross	politician
occupation	Tom Allom is an English sound engineer and record producer, mainly active in the 1970s and 1980s.	Tom Allom	record producer
occupation	Douglas Turner Ward (May 5, 1930) is an American playwright, actor, director and theatrical producer best known as a founder and artistic director of the Negro Ensemble Company (NEC).	Douglas Turner Ward	playwright
occupation	Cynthia Cristina Ferrare (born February 18, 1950) is an American former fashion model, actress, author and television talk-show host.	Cristina Ferrare	model
occupation	Birgir Örn Birgisson is an Icelandic basketball coach and a former professional player who played 26 games for the Icelandic National Team.	Birgir Örn Birgisson	basketball coach
occupation	Phil Alden Robinson (born March 1, 1950) is an American film director and screenwriter whose films include Field of Dreams, Sneakers, and The Sum of All Fears.	Phil Alden Robinson	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Shahar Tzuberi (Hebrew: שחר צוברי‎) (born September 1, 1986) is an Israeli windsurfer and Olympic bronze medalist, surfing in the ``Neil Pryde'' RS:	Shahar Tzuberi	windsurfer
occupation	John J. Considine III (born July 18, 1948) is an American former politician and attorney.	John J. Considine	politician
occupation	Paris Wells is an Australian singer songwriter based in Melbourne.	Paris Wells	singer
occupation	Oliver Crawford (August 12, 1917 -- September 24, 2008) was an American screenwriter and author who overcame the Hollywood blacklist during the McCarthy Era of the 1950s to become one of the entertainment industry's most successful television writers.	Oliver Crawford	screenwriter
occupation	George Wallace Gouinlock (August 1, 1861- February 13, 1932) was a Toronto-based architect who was responsible for notable structures in Toronto.	George Wallace Gouinlock	architect
occupation	Ubaldo Buttafava (died May 9, 2007) was an Italian communist marxist- leninist politician.	Ubaldo Buttafava	politician
occupation	Monica McInerney is a best-selling Australian-born, Dublin-based writer.	Monica McInerney	writer
occupation	Kristina Olsen (born May 26, 1957, San Francisco, California) is an American contemporary folk singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist known for her sometimes humorous, heartfelt and sometimes ribald songs.	Kristina Olsen	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jack Thomas Brinkley (born December 22, 1930) is an American politician, educator and lawyer.	Jack Thomas Brinkley	politician	lawyer
occupation	Johnny Hazzard (born Frankie Valenti on September 21, 1977) is a former American pornographic actor, model, and recording artist who performs in gay and bisexual pornographic films for a number of studios, mainly Rascal Video, and has appeared in mainstream film and television productions under his own name.	Johnny Hazzard	actor
occupation	On January 2, 1996, Steady B, along with C.E.B. band mate Cool C, and another local Philadelphia rapper, Mark Canty, attempted a bank robbery at a PNC bank branch in Feltonville.	Steady B	rapper
occupation	Jonathan Sweet is an Australian actor best known as a character actor and for his supporting roles.	Jonathan Sweet	actor
occupation	María Fernanda Espinosa Garcés (born September 7, 1964) is an Ecuadorian politician and diplomat.	María Fernanda Espinosa	diplomat
occupation	Conrad Yama born Kiyoshi Conrad Hamanaka, (October 8, 1919 - March 10, 2010), was an Asian American theatre, film and television actor.	Conrad Yama	actor
occupation	Nurettin Sözen (born 1937 in Gürün) is a Turkish doctor, politician and the former mayor of Istanbul, Turkey.	Nurettin Sözen	politician
occupation	DJ Clay (born Michael Velasquez) is an American record producer, rapper and disc jockey from Detroit, Michigan.	DJ Clay	rapper
occupation	Heinrich Brandler (1881--1967) was a German communist trade unionist, politician, revolutionary activist, and writer.	Heinrich Brandler	politician
occupation	Vera Chok is a London-based actor and writer, who has featured in stage, screen and radio roles.	Vera Chok	actor
occupation	Terry Rodgers (born September 11, 1947) is an American artist known for his large scale canvases that focus on portraying contemporary body politics.	Terry Rodgers	artist
occupation	Stevanne Auerbach (born September 22, 1938) also known as Dr. Toy, is an American educator, child development expert, writer and toyologist.	Stevanne Auerbach	writer
occupation	Marie Corridon Mortell (February 5, 1930 -- May 26, 2010), née Marie Louise Corridon, was an American competition swimmer and Olympic champion.	Marie Corridon	swimmer
occupation	Arnold Schulman (born August 11, 1925) is an American playwright, screenwriter, producer, a songwriter and novelist.	Arnold Schulman	screenwriter	songwriter
occupation	Herbert Pugh (fl. 1758--1788) was an Irish landscape-painter.	Herbert Pugh	painter
occupation	William G. Greene, Jr. (born April 24, 1940 in Stoneham, Massachusetts) is an American politician was as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1993 to 2011, a Billerica, Massachusetts town meeting member from 1970 to 1992, and Billerica Town Moderator from 1985 to 1992.	William G. Greene, Jr.	politician
occupation	Manuel Lopes Rodrigues (December 31, 1860 -- October 22, 1917) was a Brazilian Realist painter.	Manuel Lopes Rodrigues	painter
occupation	Marika Moisseeff is a French social anthropologist and psychiatrist.	Marika Moisseeff	anthropologist	psychiatrist
occupation	Ríkarður Ríkarðsson (born November 2, 1977) is an Icelandic former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events.	Ríkarður Ríkarðsson	swimmer
occupation	Brian Laumatia is a former rugby league player who played for the Cronulla Sharks in the Super League.	Brian Laumatia	rugby league player
occupation	Aristolaos (Greek: Ἀριστόλαος, 350? BC) was a Greek painter of high caliber who lived in Sicyon, and who was the son and pupil of the painter Pausias.	Aristolaos	painter
occupation	Sana Hassainia (born November 1, 1974) is a Tunisian born Canadian politician.	Sana Hassainia	politician
occupation	Charles Cyphers (born July 28, 1939) is an American actor who has starred in many films and on television.	Charles Cyphers	actor
occupation	Roger Greenspun is an American journalist and noted film critic.	Roger Greenspun	journalist
occupation	Boyce Brown (April 16, 1910 -- January 30, 1959) was an American jazz dixieland alto saxophonist born in Chicago, Illinois.	Boyce Brown	saxophonist
occupation	Howard Estabrook (July 11, 1884 -- July 16, 1978) was an American actor, film director and producer, and screenwriter.	Howard Estabrook	actor	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Roxann Dawson (née Caballero, also credited as Roxann Biggs and Roxann Biggs-Dawson) is an American actress, producer, and director, best known as B'Elanna Torres on the television series Star Trek:	Roxann Dawson	director
occupation	Tasneem Khalil is an exiled Bangladeshi journalist who previously worked for The Daily Star and was a stringer for CNN and a consultant for Human Rights Watch.	Tasneem Khalil	journalist
occupation	Jan Stallich (1907-1973) was a Czech cinematographer who worked in several European film industries including Britain, France and Italy as well as in his native country.	Jan Stallich	cinematographer
occupation	Worthington Miner (November 13, 1900 -- December 11, 1982) was an American film producer, screenwriter, actor and director.	Worthington Miner	film producer	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Chiang Pin-kung (Chinese: 江丙坤; pinyin: Jiāng Bǐngkūn) (born December 16, 1932) is a Taiwanese politician.	Chiang Pin-kung	politician
occupation	Chick Vennera (born March 27, 1947) is an American actor known for his role as Joe Mondragon, in Robert Redford's The Milagro Beanfield War, among other movies.	Chick Vennera	actor
occupation	Dan Ioan Popescu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈdan iˈo̯an poˈpesku); born March 10, 1948 -- Ploieşti) is a Romanian businessman and politician.	Dan Ioan Popescu	politician
occupation	José Capmany was a Costa Rican songwriter and guitarist.	José Capmany	songwriter
occupation	Teju Cole (born June 27, 1975) is a Nigerian-American writer, photographer, and art historian.	Teju Cole	writer	art historian
occupation	William Ashton Switzer, known as Bill Switzer (born March 28, 1984), is a Canadian actor.	Bill Switzer	actor
occupation	Joel Augustus Rogers (September 6, 1880 or 1883 -- March 26, 1966) was a Jamaican-American author, journalist, and historian who contributed to the history of Africa and the African diaspora, especially the history of African Americans in the United States.	Joel Augustus Rogers	historian
occupation	George Hara Williams (November 17, 1894--September 12, 1945) was a farmer activist and politician.	George Hara Williams	politician
occupation	Fred Lukoff (Korean: 프레드 루코프) (November 12, 1920 -- August 13, 2000) was an American linguist who specialized in the study of the Korean language and was the first president of the International Association for Korean Language Education (IAKLE).	Fred Lukoff	linguist
occupation	Everett Shinn (November 6, 1876 -- May 1, 1953) was an American realist painter and member of the Ashcan School.	Everett Shinn	painter
occupation	Lawton Williams (July 24, 1922, Troy, Tennessee -- July 27, 2007, Fort Worth, Texas) was an American country music singer and songwriter.	Lawton Williams	singer
occupation	Tristan Clopet (/kloʊˈpeɪ/; born October 8, 1986) is an American singer, songwriter and composer.	Tristan Clopet	singer, songwriter
occupation	Danai Stratigopoulou (Modern Greek: Δανάη Στρατηγοπούλου) (born February 8, 1913 - died January 18, 2009) was a Greek singer, writer, and university academic.	Danai Stratigopoulou	singer
occupation	Eoin Brosnan is an Irish Gaelic football player who plays at centre forward.	Eoin Brosnan	Gaelic football player
occupation	Mary Zophres (born March 23, 1964 as Maria Zafeiropoulou) is an American costume designer who has worked in the film industry since 1989.	Mary Zophres	costume designer
occupation	Kate Wolf (born Kathryn Louise Allen, January 27, 1942 -- December 10, 1986) was an American folk singer and songwriter.	Kate Wolf	singer and songwriter
occupation	Nikodem Sulik-Sarnowski, who used the noms de guerre ``Jodko'', ``Jod'', ``Karol'', and ``Sarnowski'' (August 15, 1893 - January 14, 1954), was an officer of the Russian Imperial Army, and Generał brygady of the Polish Army.	Nikodem Sulik	officer
occupation	R. Ajay was an Indian film actor who had appeared in Tamil films.	R. Ajay	actor
occupation	Alisher Mirzo (born March 21, 1948 Tashkent, Uzbekistan) is an Uzbek painter whose works are kept in galleries, museums and private collections in Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Norway, Luxembourg, Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, Russia, Japan, India, Madagascar and the United States of America.	Alisher Mirzo	painter
occupation	Ivan Čargo (February 25, 1898 -- August 11, 1958) was a Slovene painter, illustrator, scenographer, and caricaturist.	Ivan Čargo	painter
occupation	Leslie R. Lemon (born January 19, 1947) is an American meteorologist bridging research and forecasting with expertise in weather radar, particular regarding severe convective storms.	Leslie R. Lemon	meteorologist
occupation	Arthur Hendrix (born October 7, 1912 in Birmingham, Alabama - April 22, 1988 in Lakeland, Florida) was an American amateur tennis player in the 1930s.	Arthur Hendrix	tennis player
occupation	Mulazim Hussain (Urdu: ملازم حسین‎) is a Pakistani singer, songwriter and music producer from Rawalpindi who is signed to Coke Studio.	Mulazim Hussain	singer
occupation	Sir Pheroze Sethna was an Indian politician.	Pheroze Sethna	politician
occupation	Paresh Lamba (born June 26, 1966 in Mumbai, Maharashtra) is an Indian fashion designer and business executive, best known for his clothing company, Paresh Lamba Signatures, which is a multi-national company.	Paresh Lamba	fashion designer
occupation	Sergio González Rodríguez (b. January 26, 1950) is a Mexican journalist and writer who is best known for his writings on the femicides in Ciudad Juárez in the 1990s to 2000s.	Sergio González Rodríguez	journalist
occupation	Eric Poisson is a Canadian, award winning physicist specializing in the theory of black holes.	Eric Poisson	physicist
occupation	Jennie Lee Riddle (born April 22, 1967) is an American Christian songwriter, best known for penning ``Revelation Song'', first made popular by Kari Jobe and carried to #1 by Phillips, Craig & Dean.	Jennie Lee Riddle	songwriter
occupation	Arthur Mercante Sr. (January 26, 1920 -- April 10, 2010) was an international boxing referee.	Arthur Mercante Sr.	boxing referee
occupation	Oddvar Brå (born March 16, 1951) is a Norwegian former cross-country skier.	Oddvar Brå	cross-country skier
occupation	Robert Gothie (October 2, 1929 -- June 18, 1993) was an American actor who appeared on television, in the movies and on Broadway in the 1950s and 1960s.	Robert Gothie	actor
occupation	Abyale is a Franco-African dance music singer who had success in the 1990s.	Abyale	singer
occupation	Félix Desplan (born February 22, 1943 in Guadeloupe) is a French politician who was elected to the French Senate on September 25, 2011 representing the department of Guadeloupe.	Félix Desplan	politician
occupation	Al Sapienza (born July 31, 1962) is an American actor, who has had numerous roles in television, stage and film productions.	Al Sapienza	actor
occupation	Idola Saint-Jean (May 19, 1880 -- April 6, 1945) was a Quebec journalist, educator and feminist.	Idola Saint-Jean	journalist
occupation	(Helen) Diane Glancy is an American poet, author and playwright of Cherokee descent.	Diane Glancy	poet	playwright
occupation	Camillo De Lellis (born June 11, 1976) is an Italian mathematician who is active in the fields of calculus of variations, hyperbolic systems of conservation laws, geometric measure theory and fluid dynamics.	Camillo De Lellis	mathematician
occupation	Louis Dicken Wilson (May 12, 1789 - August 12, 1847) was a North Carolinian politician and general in the United States Army.	Louis Dicken Wilson	politician
occupation	José Antonio Bottiroli (January 1, 1920 -- March 15, 1990) was an Argentine classical music composer and poet.	José Antonio Bottiroli	composer	poet
occupation	Jozef Lupták (born 1969, December 30,Slovakia) is a Slovak cellist and artistic director.	Jozef Lupták	artistic director
occupation	Hashim Djojohadikusumo is an Indonesian entrepreneur.	Hashim Djojohadikusumo	entrepreneur
occupation	Stephen Partridge (born 1953) is an English video artist who studied under David Hall and his career as an artist, academic and researcher, helped to establish video as an art form in the UK.	Stephen Partridge	artist
occupation	Codrin Țapu (born December 17, 1973) is a Romanian author and psychologist who has written about the aspects or ``hypostases'' of personality.	Codrin Țapu	author	psychologist
occupation	Martin Sorrondeguy is the singer of hardcore bands Los Crudos and Limp Wrist, the founder of the DIY record label, Lengua Armada Discos, documentary film director and a prominent figure in both the straight edge scene and the queercore scene.	Martin Sorrondeguy	film director
occupation	José Antonio Rivera (December 5, 1963 in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico-- April 4, 2005) was a Puerto Rican boxer.	Antonio Rivera	boxer
occupation	Henry Schell Hagert (May 2, 1826 -- December 18, 1885) was a United States lawyer, writer, and poet.	Henry Schell Hagert	lawyer
occupation	Stuart MacBride is a Scottish writer, most famous for his crime thrillers set in the ``Granite City'' of Aberdeen and featuring Detective Sergeant Logan McRae.	Stuart MacBride	writer
occupation	Floyd H. Crain (born June 3, 1929), was an American politician in the state of Tennessee.	Floyd H. Crain	politician
occupation	Kevin L. Finnegan (born June 1, 1964 in Newburyport, Massachusetts) an American politician and the current Clerk for the Peabody District Court in Peabody, Massachusetts.	Kevin L. Finnegan	politician
occupation	Ozzie Wright is an Australian professional born 07/01/1976 surfer, artist, filmmaker and musician, known for his surfing innovation and punk rock style.	Ozzie Wright	surfer
occupation	Cheryl Overs is a researcher and human rights activist from Melbourne, Australia.	Cheryl Overs	human rights activist
occupation	Zacarías Reyán (born May 10, 1948), is the pseudonym of Reinaldo Antonio Plazas Peralta, also known as Z. Reyán, a Colombian writer, author of novels, poems and epics in Spanish language .	Zacarías Reyán	writer
occupation	Helen Boulding is a London-based singer-songwriter originally from Sheffield, South Yorkshire, UK.	Helen Boulding	singer-songwriter
occupation	Neil Nathan is an American rock/folk/alt country singer songwriter from New York City.	Neil Nathan	singer songwriter
occupation	Harold Rudolf Foster (August 16, 1892 -- July 25, 1982), better known as Hal Foster, was a Canadian-American comic book artist and writer best known as the creator of the comic strip Prince Valiant.	Hal Foster	writer
occupation	William Edward Childs (born March 8, 1957), best known as Billy Childs, is a composer and jazz pianist from Los Angeles.	William Edward Childs	composer	pianist
occupation	Levon Chookaszian (Armenian: Լևոն Բաբկենի Չուգասզյան, born April 9, 1952) is an Armenian art historian and the UNESCO Chair of Armenian Art History (UNESCO CAAH).	Levon Chookaszian	art historian
occupation	Frank Resetarits is a lacrosse player from Hamburg, New York.	Frank Resetarits	lacrosse player
occupation	Molly Louise Shepard is a published dramatic author, Off-Off-Broadway playwright, and produced screenwriter.	Molly Louise Shepard	screenwriter
occupation	Kevin Mark Murphy (born May 24, 1957 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian musician and criminal lawyer, best known as a co-founder of the Ottawa-based music group, Singing Fools.	Kevin Mark Murphy	lawyer
occupation	Lonette McKee (born July 22, 1954) is an American film, television and theater actress, music composer, producer, songwriter, screenwriter and director.	Lonette McKee	screenwriter
occupation	Shelley Tanaka is a Canadian editor of numerous young adult novels, an award-winning author of non-fiction for children, a translator, and a writing teacher.	Shelley Tanaka	translator
occupation	Brinda Sarathy is a Tamil film director, screenwriter and dialogue writer.	Brinda Sarathy	film director
occupation	Morgan Finlay is a Canadian singer-songwriter from North Vancouver, British Columbia, and based for much of his career in Toronto.	Morgan Finlay	singer-songwriter
occupation	Antoni Wiwulski or Antanas Vivulskis (1877--1919) was a Polish-Lithuanian architect and sculptor.	Antoni Wiwulski	architect	sculptor
occupation	Erislandy Savón Cotilla (born July 21, 1990) is a Cuban amateur super heavyweight boxer.	Erislandy Savón	boxer
occupation	Baba Tahir (var. Baba Taher Oryan Hamadani; Persian: باباطاهر‎‎) was an 11th-century Persian poet.	Baba Tahir	poet
occupation	Melina Paez is a Los Angeles-based film, commercial and stage actor.	Melina Paez	actor
occupation	T. J. Cook (born September 8, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist and former professional boxer who last competed in Strikeforce's Light Heavyweight division.	T. J. Cook	mixed martial artist
occupation	Roy Halee is an American record producer and engineer, best known for working with Simon and Garfunkel.	Roy Halee	record producer	engineer
occupation	Chuck Niles (aka ``Bebop Charlie'') (born Charles Neidel; June 24, 1927 - March 15, 2004) was a well-known jazz disc jockey who became the only jazz DJ to be on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.	Chuck Niles	disc jockey
occupation	Ray Bloom (born George Raymond Bloom, 13 September 1941, Aston, Sheffield, Yorkshire, England) was an English first-class cricketer, who played one match for Yorkshire in 1964.	Ray Bloom	cricketer
occupation	Tim Jo (born April 20, 1984) is an American television and film actor, he is most famous for playing ``Reggie Jackson'' on ABC comedy, The Neighbors.	Tim Jo	actor
occupation	Hiroshi Yamada is a Japanese politician born on January 8, 1958.	Hiroshi Yamada	politician
occupation	Bae Cheol-soo (born August 18, 1953) is a South Korean radio host and former singer.	Bae Cheol-soo	radio host	singer
occupation	Bahar Dutt is an Indian television journalist and environmental editor and columnist for CNN-IBN.	Bahar Dutt	journalist
occupation	Myrta Silva (September 11, 1927 -- December 2, 1987) was a Puerto Rican singer, composer and television producer who was known affectionately as ``La Gorda De Oro''.	Myrta Silva	singer	composer
occupation	Brad Cross is an Australian rugby league player who played 3 matches for the Canberra Raiders in the 2007 season of National Rugby League.	Brad Cross	rugby league player
occupation	Steve Fisk is a Washington-based audio engineer, record producer and musician.	Steve Fisk	musician
occupation	Enrique Bernales Ballesteros (born November 6, 1940, Lima) is a Peruvian scholar and politician.	Enrique Bernales Ballesteros	politician
occupation	Hal Wissel (born February 8, 1939) is an American basketball coach who has worked at the professional and collegiate level in his career.	Hal Wissel	basketball coach
occupation	Preeti Sagar is a former Bollywood playback singer who won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the song ``Mero Gaam Katha Parey'' from Manthan in 1978 and was previously nominated for the hit song ``My Heart is Beating'' from Julie (1975).	Preeti Sagar	singer
occupation	Mariana Constantin (b. August 3, 1960) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast.	Mariana Constantin	artistic gymnast
occupation	John Beaver Mertie, Jr. (1888--1980) was a geologist for the USGS and a professor at Johns Hopkins University.	John Beaver Mertie, Jr.	geologist
occupation	Joeli Nabuka is a former Fijian politician, who served in the House of Representatives from 2002 to 2006.	Joeli Nabuka	politician
occupation	Shimoga Subbanna (Kannada: ಶಿವಮೊಗ್ಗ ಸುಬ್ಬಣ್ಣ; born as G. Subramanya on 14 December 1938) is a Sugama Sangeetha singer and playback singer in the Kannada language.	Shimoga Subbanna	singer
occupation	Caterina Benedicta Grazianini (fl. early 18th century) was an Italian composer of oratorios in Vienna.	Caterina Benedicta Grazianini	composer
occupation	Lester McCumbers (August 15, 1921 - January 26, 2015) was an American old-time fiddler from Nicut, West Virginia.	Lester McCumbers	fiddler
occupation	James Rupert Miller (June 27, 1869 -- August 23, 1946) was an architect active in San Francisco, California in the first half of the 20th century.	James Rupert Miller	architect
occupation	Eric Pehota (born November 17, 1964) is a Canadian alpine skier, best known for his more than 40 first descents of mountains on skis, and his appearances in a number of ski films, including ski documentary Steep (2007), and a number of Warren Miller films.	Eric Pehota	alpine skier
occupation	Lathika (Malayalam: ലതിക) is an Indian playback singer whose voice held sway over the music charts in the late 1980s-early 1990s in the Malayalam film industry.	Lathika	singer
occupation	T. M. McNally is an American novelist, and short story writer.	T. M. McNally	novelist
occupation	Gottlieb Fluhmann (c. 1837 - c. 1892) was a reclusive cattle rancher in Park County, Colorado, whose mysterious disappearance was not resolved until 1944.	Gottlieb Fluhmann	rancher
occupation	Sheraz Ali Muskrahat as a Pakistani writer and linguist.	Sheraz Ali Muskrahat	linguist
occupation	Marty Adams (born September 12, 1981) is a Canadian television and film actor/writer and comedian.	Marty Adams	actor	writer
occupation	Maximilian Steiner (August 28, 1839 -- May 29, 1880) was an Austrian actor and theater manager.	Maximilian Steiner	actor
occupation	Steven Doane (born December 10, 1950) is an American cellist and recitalist.	Steven Doane	cellist
occupation	Orlando Drummond (born October 18, 1919) is a Brazilian stage, television and film actor, best known for his works as Seu Peru in the series Escolinha do Professor Raimundo and also as the voice of Scooby-Doo, Alf, and Popeye.	Orlando Drummond	actor
occupation	Scott Eastwood (born Scott Clinton Reeves; March 21, 1986) is an American actor and model.	Scott Eastwood	actor
occupation	Avi Issacharoff is an Israeli journalist known for his focus on Palestinian affairs.	Avi Issacharoff	journalist
occupation	Paul Ekman (born February 15, 1934) is an American psychologist who is a pioneer in the study of emotions and their relation to facial expressions.	Paul Ekman	psychologist
occupation	Ghorbanali Saadat Qarabagh (Persian: قربانعلی سعادت قره‌باغ‎, born in Qarah Bagh, Urmia in West Azerbaijan) is an Iranian reformist politician, and the governor of West Azerbaijan, since 2013 in the Government of Hassan Rouhani.	Ghorbanali Saadat	politician
occupation	Thomas Derham (died 1444/1445), was an English politician.	Thomas Derham	politician
occupation	Emil Salvini is a historian/author/host of `` Tales of the Jersey Shore'' on NJ-TV.	Emil Salvini	historian
occupation	George Crumb (born October 24, 1929) is an American composer of avant-garde music.	George Crumb	composer
occupation	Johann Rudolf Rocker (March 25, 1873 -- September 19, 1958) was an anarcho-syndicalist writer and activist.	Rudolf Rocker	writer
occupation	Marc Zender is an anthropologist, epigrapher, and linguist noted for his work on Maya hieroglyphic writing.	Marc Zender	anthropologist
occupation	Jerrely Slijger (born June 18, 1986), known by his stage name Kempi, is a Dutch rapper of Antillean descent.	Kempi	rapper
occupation	James L. Fields was an American sound engineer.	James L. Fields	engineer
occupation	Rhys Parry Jones is a Welsh actor best known for his role in the S4C children's series Plismon Puw.	Rhys Parry Jones	actor
occupation	Taran Davies is a film producer and director best known for his documentary film Afghan Stories (2002), and the IMAX feature documentary Journey to Mecca (2009).	Taran Davies	film producer
occupation	Roshan Thapa (Nepali: रोशन थापा; born July 24, 1983) is singer, director (composer) in the Nepali music industry.	Roshan Thapa	composer
occupation	Michael Stuart Brown (born April 13, 1941) is an American geneticist and Nobel laureate.	Michael Stuart Brown	geneticist
occupation	Maureen Feeney is an American politician who is the current City Clerk of Boston, Massachusetts.	Maureen Feeney	politician
occupation	Vivian Schilling (born 1968) is an American novelist, screenwriter, actress and independent filmmaker.	Vivian Schilling	novelist
occupation	Anthony O'Sullivan (date of birth unknown -- July 5, 1920) was an American silent film actor and director.	Anthony O'Sullivan	actor
occupation	Thwaiba Kanafani is Canadian/Syrian engineer whose 2012 decision to volunteer to fight with Syrian rebels against the Bashar al Assad regime triggered world-wide coverage.	Thwaiba Kanafani	engineer
occupation	Diodorus Cronus (Greek: Διόδωρος Κρόνος; died c. 284 BCE) was a Greek philosopher and dialectician connected to the Megarian school.	Diodorus Cronus	philosopher
occupation	Beno Gutenberg (June 4, 1889 -- January 25, 1960) was a German-American seismologist who made several important contributions to the science.	Beno Gutenberg	seismologist
occupation	Gerry Lopez (born November 7, 1948), aka Mr. Pipeline, is an American surfer, shaper, journalist, and film actor.	Gerry Lopez	surfer	actor
occupation	Adam Larter is a British alternative comedian and founder of Weirdos Comedy Club.	Adam Larter	comedian
occupation	Jake Clemons (born February 27, 1980) is a singer-songwriter, an American musician and since 2012 is best known for being the saxophonist for Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band.	Jake Clemons	saxophonist
occupation	Aharon Keshales (Hebrew: אהרון קשלס) (born April 16, 1976) is an Israeli film director, screenwriter and film critic.	Aharon Keshales	film director
occupation	Benny Andrews (November 13, 1930 -- November 10, 2006) was an American painter, printmaker, creator of collages and educator.	Benny Andrews	painter
occupation	José María Bacchelli Ortega (born 1952 in Barcelona), known professionally as Bacchelli, is a Spanish singer who is best known for his participation in the 1981 Eurovision Song Contest.	Bacchelli	singer
occupation	Carl Krauch (April 7, 1887 -- February 3, 1968) was a German chemist, industrialist and Nazi war criminal.	Carl Krauch	chemist
occupation	Cole Taylor was a pornographic actor who primarily worked in gay adult film in the 1980s.	Cole Taylor	actor
occupation	Nathan George is an African-American supporting actor who was active from 1971-97.	Nathan George	actor
occupation	Victor Lundin (June 15, 1930 - June 29, 2013) was an American character actor who often billed himself as the first Klingon on the original Star Trek.	Victor Lundin	actor
occupation	Grace Nickel, R.C.A. is a Canadian ceramic artist and art instructor in post-secondary education.	Grace Nickel	artist
occupation	Glenn Albert Black was an influential archaeologist of the United States who was among the first professionals to study Indiana prehistoric sites.	Glenn Albert Black	archaeologist
occupation	Diogo Veloso was an explorer from Portugal who, along with Blas Ruiz, was the first Europeans to ever set foot in Laos.	Diogo Veloso	explorer
occupation	Emil Norlander (1865-1935) was a Swedish journalist, author, songwriter and producer of musical revues.	Emil Norlander	journalist
occupation	Pauline Ducruet is a competitive diver.	Pauline Ducruet	diver
occupation	Lucile Saunders McDonald (September 1, 1898 - June 23, 1992) was a Pacific Northwest journalist, historian and author of children's books.	Lucile Saunders McDonald	journalist
occupation	Caucher Birkar (Kurdish: کۆچەر بیرکار) is a Kurdish mathematician who is currently engaged in research and teaching at the University of Cambridge.	Caucher Birkar	mathematician
occupation	John Sturt (1658--1730) was an English engraver, apprenticed to Robert White.	John Sturt	engraver
occupation	Anders Grillhammar (born September 7, 1964) is a former Swedish freestyle swimmer.	Anders Grillhammar	swimmer
occupation	Charles DeWitt Watts (September 21, 1917 -- July 12, 2004) was an African American surgeon and activist for the poor.	Charles DeWitt Watts	surgeon
occupation	Yuri Rozum (b. 1954, Moscow, USSR) is a Russian-born concert pianist and philanthropist.	Yuri Rozum	pianist
occupation	Ulrik Cappelen (né Christensen) (born March 28, 1964), known as Ulrik Moseby, is a Danish former association football player in the midfielder position.	Ulrik Moseby	association football player
occupation	Rudolf Aebersold (better known as Ruedi Aebersold born September 12, 1954 ) is a Swiss biologist, regarded as a pioneer in the fields of proteomics and systems biology.	Ruedi Aebersold	biologist
occupation	Raúl Astor (January 10, 1925 -- June 22, 1995) born Raúl Ignacio Spangenberg Parera was a Argentinean-born Mexican actor, director, producer and announcer.	Raúl Astor	actor
occupation	Dalton Davis is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Eastern Province Grand Challenge club side Despatch.	Dalton Davis	rugby union player
occupation	Ricardo Colombi (born August 30, 1957) is an Argentine lawyer and politician elected Governor of Corrientes Province in 2009.	Ricardo Colombi	lawyer	politician
occupation	Alison Lee (born February 26, 1995) is an American professional golfer who plays on the LPGA Tour and is a college student at the University of California, Los Angeles.	Alison Lee	golfer
occupation	Professor Gerd Jürgens (also spelt Juergens) (born 1949) is a plant developmental biologist currently(as of end 2010) holding the posts of Director of the Cell Biology Department at the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology and Head of the Center for Plant Molecular Biology(ZMBP) at the Eberhard-Karls Universität Tübingen.	Gerd Jürgens	biologist
occupation	Alia Muhammad Baker (also spelled ``Baqer'') was the chief librarian in the Al Basrah Central Library, Basra, Iraq.	Alia Muhammad Baker	librarian
occupation	Hayley Kiyoko Alcroft (/ˈheɪli kiˈjoʊkoʊ ˈælkrɒft/ HAY-lee kee-YOHK-oh AL-kroft; born April 3, 1991), known professionally as Hayley Kiyoko, is a Japanese-American actress, singer and songwriter.	Hayley Kiyoko	singer
occupation	Barbara Roy was born in Kinston, North Carolina and is a dance music singer.	Barbara Roy	singer
occupation	Dudu Tucci (full name: Eduardo Tucci da Silva; born May 5, 1955 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian percussionist, singer and composer.	Dudu Tucci	singer	composer
occupation	Esdras Minville (November 7, 1896 in Grande-Vallée -- December 9, 1975) was a Quebec writer, economist and sociologist.	Esdras Minville	writer	economist	sociologist
occupation	John Warwick Montgomery is a noted lawyer, professor, Lutheran theologian, and prolific author living in France.	John Warwick Montgomery	lawyer	theologian
occupation	L. Paige Marvel (born December 6, 1949) is an Article I federal judge for the United States Tax Court.	L. Paige Marvel	judge
occupation	Vicente Leñero Otero (June 9, 1933 -- December 3, 2014) was a Mexican novelist, journalist, and playwright.	Vicente Leñero	journalist
occupation	George Antheil (/ˈæntaɪl/; July 8, 1900 -- February 12, 1959) was an American avant-garde composer, pianist, author and inventor whose modernist musical compositions explored the modern sounds -- musical, industrial, mechanical -- of the early 20th century.	George Antheil	composer	pianist
occupation	Toni Harper (born June 8, 1937 ) (aka Toni Dunlap) is a former child singer, who retired from performing at the age of 29.	Toni Harper	singer
occupation	Egan Inoue is an American Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, mixed martial artist and racquetball player.	Egan Inoue	racquetball player
occupation	Antonio Ledesma Jayme (July 24, 1854 - October 19, 1937) was a Filipino lawyer, revolutionary, Governor of Negros Occidental, and assemblyman, as well as a lawmaker and a revolutionary nation's founding fatherand a signatory to a state's constitution.	Antonio Ledesma Jayme	lawyer
occupation	Coja Petrus Uscan (b. 1680/81 -- d.1751) was an Armenian merchant and leader of the Armenian community of Madras who was known for his immense wealth and unflinching devotion and loyalty to the British during the French occupation of Madras.	Coja Petrus Uscan	merchant
occupation	Connie Champagne, née Kelly Kay Brock, born November 23, 1959 is an American singer, song-writer and actor.	Connie Champagne	actor
occupation	Tawatha Agee is an American background singer and song-writer.	Tawatha Agee	singer
occupation	Frankie Callahan was an American boxer (real name: Samuel Holtzman) born on February 10, 1895 in Brooklyn, New York.	Frankie Callahan	boxer
occupation	Tim Vega (born Timothy Martin Vega; September 14, 1965 -- died April 29, 2002) was an American graphic designer best known for his work with several musical acts, especially jam bands.	Tim Vega	graphic designer
occupation	Aldo Eminente (born August 19, 1931) is a French swimmer and olympic medalist.	Aldo Eminente	swimmer
occupation	Sanford Ross (January 25, 1907 -- March 1, 1954) was an American realist painter and printmaker.	Sanford Ross	painter
occupation	Paul Le Mat (born September 22, 1945) is an American actor who first came to prominence in the 1973 film American Graffiti, for which he won the Golden Globe Award for New Star Of The Year - Actor.	Paul Le Mat	actor
occupation	Joe Abercrombie (born 31 December 1974) is a British fantasy writer and film editor.	Joe Abercrombie	writer
occupation	Michael Torke (/ˈtɔːrki/; born September 22, 1961) is an American composer who writes music influenced by jazz and minimalism.	Michael Torke	composer
occupation	Lane DeGregory is an American journalist who works for the Tampa Bay Times--	Lane DeGregory	journalist
occupation	André de Quadros (1953--), conductor, ethnomusicologist, music educator, and human rights activist has conducted and undertaken research in over forty countries and is a professor of music at Boston University.	André de Quadros	conductor
occupation	Lisbeth Korsmo (born 14 January 1948) is a Norwegian former speed skater, cyclist and Olympic medalist.	Lisbeth Korsmo	speed skater
occupation	Rob Simonsen (born March 11, 1978) is an American film composer located in Los Angeles.	Rob Simonsen	composer
occupation	Seiichi Ikehata (Japanese: 池端清一) (August 20, 1929 - February 28, 2007) was a Japanese politician.	Seiichi Ikehata	politician
occupation	Carleton Watkins (1829-1916) was an American photographer of the 19th century.	Carleton Watkins	photographer
occupation	Kurt Markus, self-taught American photographer, was born in rural Montana.	Kurt Markus	photographer
occupation	Laurence Cottle is a Welsh electric bass guitarist and composer.	Laurence Cottle	composer
occupation	Joseph Jomo Pierre, also credited as Joseph Pierre, is a Trinidadian-Canadian actor and playwright.	Joseph Jomo Pierre	playwright
occupation	Robert Gould Shaw II (sometimes referred to as RGS II) (June 16, 1872 -- March 29, 1930) was a wealthy landowner and socialite of the leisure class in the greater Boston area of Massachusetts.	Robert Gould Shaw II	socialite
occupation	Jedediah Vincent Huntington, (alt. Jedidiah) was a clergyman and novelist.	Jedediah Vincent Huntington	novelist
occupation	Dean Karr (born February 22, 1965) is an American photographer and music video, commercial, and film director.	Dean Karr	photographer	film director
occupation	Dulamyn Puntsag (Mongolian: Дуламын Пунцаг) is a former judge of the Supreme Court of Mongolia.	Dulamyn Puntsag	judge
occupation	At the time of his death Hone Tuwhare was described as ``New Zealand's most distinguished Maori writer''*.	Hone Tuwhare	writer
occupation	Hannah Robinson born in Derbyshire, is a British songwriter.	Hannah Robinson	songwriter
occupation	Brett Reichman is a painter and Associate Professor at the San Francisco Art Institute where he teaches in both the graduate and undergraduate programs.	Brett Reichman	painter
occupation	Damien Arsenault is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in a by-election on December 5, 2011.	Damien Arsenault	politician
occupation	Manfred Maurus was a German scientist, assistant professor at the Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich, researcher and head of the Department of Behavioral Physiology at the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry.	Manfred Maurus	scientist
occupation	Krikor Badrossian was an Armenian communist politician.	Krikor Badrossian	politician
occupation	Osman Faruk Loğoğlu (born 1941) is a Turkish diplomat and the former Turkish ambassador to the United States of America, having served from 2001 to 2005.	Osman Faruk Loğoğlu	diplomat
occupation	Osvald Almqvist (1884--1950) was a Swedish architect, who was one of the pioneers of functionalism in Swedish architecture.	Osvald Almqvist	architect
occupation	Pete St. John (born Peter Mooney) is an Irish folk singer-songwriter, best known for composing ``The Fields of Athenry''.	Pete St. John	singer-songwriter
occupation	Mikki Padilla (born May 27, 1974) is an American actress, model, writer and author.	Mikki Padilla	model
occupation	Sandra Mackey (1936/1937 -- April 19, 2015) was an award winning writer on Middle Eastern culture and politics.	Sandra Mackey	writer
occupation	Jan Fridthjof Bernt (born 6 July 1943) is a Norwegian professor of law and former rector (1996-1998) at the University of Bergen.	Jan Fridthjof Bernt	professor
occupation	Ricaut Bonomel (En Ricatz Honomel in one chansonnier) was a Knight Templar and troubadour in the Holy Land around the time of the Eighth Crusade.	Ricaut Bonomel	troubadour
occupation	Ivan Vilela (born August 28, 1962 in Itajubá, Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian composer, arranger, researcher, teacher and viola caipira player.	Ivan Vilela	composer
occupation	Serhiy Kovhanko (born March 23, 1974) is a boxer from Ukraine, who won the bronze medal in the Men's Flyweight (-- 48 kg) division at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle, Denmark.	Serhiy Kovhanko	boxer
occupation	India Arie (sometimes styled as India.Arie, born India Arie Simpson, October 3, 1975) is an American singer-songwriter, actress, musician, and record producer.	India Arie	singer-songwriter	musician
occupation	Jerry Fisk is an American bladesmith based in Nashville, Arkansas.	Jerry Fisk	bladesmith
occupation	Nathaniel G. Moore is an award-winning Canadian novelist and journalist.	Nathaniel G. Moore	novelist
occupation	Pepita Seth is a British born writer and photographer, known for her accounts of the temple arts and rituals of Kerala and her photographs of the widely celebrated captive elephant, Guruvayur Keshavan.	Pepita Seth	writer	photographer
occupation	Gustavo Monje (born 8 June 1971) is an Argentine stage actor and director.	Gustavo Monje	actor
occupation	Mack Magaha (August 1, 1929 -- August 15, 2003) was an American bluegrass fiddler best known as a member of Porter Wagoner's band, and a long-time backup player in the pioneering bluegrass band, Reno and Smiley.	Mack Magaha	fiddler
occupation	Sol Saks (December 13, 1910 -- April 16, 2011) was an American screenwriter best known as the creator of the television sitcom Bewitched.	Sol Saks	screenwriter
occupation	Karl II von Liechtenstein-Kastelkorn (1623--1695) was a Catholic priest and prince-bishop.	Karl II von Liechtenstein-Kastelkorn	Catholic priest
occupation	Jan C. Childress (born July 7, 1954) is an American comic book writer, martial artist, financial professional, and former Congressional speechwriter (for Fred Richmond).	Jan C. Childress	comic book
occupation	Kam Tong (December 18, 1906 -- November 8, 1969) was a Chinese American actor best known for his role as Hey Boy on the CBS television series Have Gun --	Kam Tong	actor
occupation	Zara Barring (Hindi: ज़ारा बारिंग) (a.k.a Soni Barring) is an Indian actress and film producer who appears in Tamil & Bollywood movies and on Indian Television.	Zara Barring	film producer
occupation	Herman Rose was the professional pseudonym of Herman Rappaport (November 6, 1909 -- December 4, 2007), an American painter and artist.	Herman Rose	painter
occupation	Carol Schwartz (born January 20, 1944, in Greenville, Mississippi) is a politician from Washington, D.C., who served as a Republican at-large member on the Council of the District of Columbia from 1985 to 1989 and again from 1997 to 2009.	Carol Schwartz	politician
occupation	Hiten Kumar, born Hiten Mehta, is an Indian film actor of Gujarati cinema.	Hiten Kumar	actor
occupation	Rafał Syska (born July 18, 1974 in Kielce) is a Polish film historian and writer.	Rafał Syska	historian
occupation	Brian Pettifer (born 1949) is an actor who has appeared in many television shows.	Brian Pettifer	actor
occupation	William Merritt Chase (November 1, 1849 -- October 25, 1916) was an American painter, known as an exponent of Impressionism and as a teacher.	William Merritt Chase	painter
occupation	Mireille Bousquet-Mélou (born May 12, 1967) is a French mathematician who specializes in enumerative combinatorics and who works as a senior researcher for the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS) at the computer science department (LaBRI) of the University of Bordeaux.	Mireille Bousquet-Mélou	mathematician
occupation	Anthony Sawyer (born April 29, 1980 in Bristol, England) is a British skeleton racer.	Anthony Sawyer	skeleton racer
occupation	Stanley Zdonik is a computer scientist specializing in database management systems.	Stanley Zdonik	computer scientist
occupation	Manuel Seal, Jr. (born September 26, 1960) is an American musician, record producer, composer, singer, songwriter, vocal coach, and arranger.	Manuel Seal	songwriter
occupation	Gutun Owain (fl. 1456-1497) was a Welsh language poet.	Gutun Owain	poet
occupation	Brett Jungblut is an American professional poker player, born in Atlantic City, New Jersey and based in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Brett Jungblut	poker player
occupation	Humphrey Higgins (fl. 1960-1998) was a British book editor and translator who with Peter Fisher made the first complete English translation of Olaus Magnus's A Description of the Northern Peoples (Historia de Gentibus Septentrionalibus).	Humphrey Higgins	editor	translator
occupation	Captain Sinbad was the deejay alter ego of Jamaican record producer Carl Dwyer (born c.1955).	Captain Sinbad	record producer
occupation	Ruth Moody is an Australian-born soprano singer-songwriter and member of the Canadian folk trio The Wailin' Jennys.	Ruth Moody	singer
occupation	Sasha Meneghel Szafir (born July 28, 1998 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian model, actress and athlete.	Sasha Meneghel	model
occupation	Ashbel Smith (August 13, 1805 - January 21, 1886) was a pioneer physician, diplomat and official of the Republic of Texas, Confederate officer and first President of the Board of Regents of the University of Texas.	Ashbel Smith	diplomat
occupation	Natasha Desborough (born June 21, 1974, Wimbledon, London) is a radio presenter, author, DJ, and radio and television producer.	Natasha Desborough	presenter
occupation	Thomas Annandale, FRCS FRSE (1838--1907) was a Scottish surgeon who conducted the first repair of the meniscus, the first successful removal of an acoustic neuroma and introduced the pre-peritoneal approach to inguinal hernia repair.	Thomas Annandale	surgeon
occupation	Russ Lorenson (born July 5, 1963, birth name Russ Gangloff) is an American singer and actor.	Russ Lorenson	singer
occupation	Victor Riesel (/rɨˈzɛl/; March 26, 1913 -- January 4, 1995) was an American newspaper journalist and columnist who specialized in news related to labor unions.	Victor Riesel	journalist
occupation	Anoshazad, known in the Shahnameh as Noshzad, was a Sasanian prince who was the leader of a revolt in Southern Persia in 550.	Anoshazad	prince
occupation	Nabiha Bensouda is a Danish singer-songwriter who has gained attention after releasing three albums, including a re-issue, and enjoying a number of successful singles on Tracklisten, the official Danish Singles chart as well as on the official airplay chart.	Nabiha	singer-songwriter
occupation	Robert Katona is an American artist and innovator of the Flow Painting Technique.	Robert Katona	artist
occupation	Natalia Charłos (born May 31, 1993) is a Polish-German distance swimmer.	Natalia Charłos	swimmer
occupation	Chang Pei-chih (Chinese: 張佩智; pinyin: Zhāng Pèizhì) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chang Pei-chih	politician
occupation	Kurt Paul is an American actor and stuntman.	Kurt Paul	actor
occupation	Joel Dalgarno (born July 5, 1987) is a Canadian lacrosse player.	Joel Dalgarno	lacrosse player
occupation	Khalid Irfan (Urdu: خالد عرفان ‎) is an acclaimed American-Pakistani origin comic poet.	Khalid Irfan	poet
occupation	Luther Elkins (May 26, 1809 -- December 13, 1887) was an American politician and pioneer in the state of Oregon.	Luther Elkins	politician
occupation	Jacob Piatt Dunn Jr. (April 12, 1855 -- June 6, 1924) was an American historian, journalist, and author.	Jacob Piatt Dunn	historian
occupation	Albert Bartleton Groves, also known as A.B. Groves or Albert B. Groves, was an American architect who practised in the St. Louis, Missouri area.	Albert B. Groves	architect
occupation	José Vicbart Geraldino Rosello (born January 13, 1978 in Santo Domingo) is a judoka from the Dominican Republic, who competed in the men's middleweight category.	Vicbart Geraldino	judoka
occupation	Amy Farris (October 20, 1968 -- September 26, 2009) was an American fiddler, singer and songwriter.	Amy Farris	fiddler	singer
occupation	Gavin Kirk (born December 6, 1951 in London, England, United Kingdom and raised in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 422 games in the World Hockey Association.	Gavin Kirk	ice hockey player
occupation	Geoff Fletcher is a former rugby league player, coach and Chairman.	Geoff Fletcher	rugby league player
occupation	Dominic Laurie is an English business broadcast journalist.	Dominic Laurie	journalist
occupation	Vasili Stepanovich Popov (Russian: Василий Степанович Попов; 1743 -- 1822) was an imperial Russian general and statesman who presided over the office of Prince Potemkin.	Vasili Stepanovich Popov	statesman
occupation	John D. Caputo (born October 26, 1940) is an American philosopher who is the Thomas J. Watson Professor of Religion Emeritus at Syracuse University and the David R. Cook Professor of Philosophy Emeritus at Villanova University.	John D. Caputo	philosopher
occupation	Gareth Porter (born June 18, 1942) is an American historian, investigative journalist, author and policy analyst specializing in U.S. national security policy.	Gareth Porter	historian
occupation	Norman William Black (December 6, 1931 -- July 23, 1997) was a federal judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas.	Norman William Black	judge
occupation	Nejc Gazvoda (born 5 June 1985) is a Slovene writer, screenwriter and director.	Nejc Gazvoda	writer
occupation	Tim Chisholm (born October 31, 1969) is a semi-retired American real tennis player.	Tim Chisholm	tennis player
occupation	Kiki Ceac, better known by his stage name K-the-I???, is an American rapper and producer based in Los Angeles, California and currently signed to Fake Four Inc.	K-the-I???	rapper
occupation	Shigeru Iitaka (飯高 茂 Iitaka Shigeru, born May 29, 1942, Chiba) is a Japanese mathematician at Gakushuin University working in algebraic geometry who introduced the Kodaira dimension and Iitaka dimension.	Shigeru Iitaka	mathematician
occupation	Peter Macann is a former British actor, reporter, and television presenter familiar to millions of viewers for his role co-hosting the BBC's popular flagship science show Tomorrow's World in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Peter Macann	television presenter
occupation	Ken Schaphorst (born May 24, 1960 in Abington, Pennsylvania) is a composer, performer, and educator currently chairing the Jazz Studies and Improvisation Department at the New England Conservatory in Boston.	Ken Schaphorst	composer
occupation	Pooja Rani (born 17 February 1991) is an Indian woman boxer.	Pooja Rani	boxer
occupation	Henry M. Tichenor was a writer and magazine editor prominent in the socialist and freethinking movements during the Progressive Era and the Golden Age of Freethought of American history.	Henry M. Tichenor	writer
occupation	General José María Cabral y Luna (born Ingenio Nuevo, San Cristóbal Province, December 12, 1816 - died Santo Domingo, February 28, 1899) was a Dominican military figure and politician.	José María Cabral	politician
occupation	Richard Chancellor (died 1556) was an English explorer and navigator; the first to penetrate to the White Sea and establish relations with Russia.	Richard Chancellor	explorer
occupation	Netani Suka (born in Fiji) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Wentworthville Magpies in the Bundaberg Red Cup.	Netani Suka	rugby league player
occupation	John Lacche or Lecche (fl. 1380-1388) of Dartmouth, Devon, was an English politician.	John Lacche	politician
occupation	G. Estabrook is the pen name used by composer and singer Caroline Augusta ``Gussie'' Clowry (October 23, 1845 -- April 18, 1897), whose opera The Joust was the first opera by an American woman to be published.	G. Estabrook	composer
occupation	Rebecca Burns is a journalist, professor, author, and speaker in Atlanta in the U.S. State of Georgia.	Rebecca Burns	journalist
occupation	Rachel Kuske is an American-Canadian applied mathematician, and a Professor of Mathematics at the University of British Columbia.	Rachel Kuske	mathematician
occupation	Malgudi Subha (also spelled as Malgadi Shuba) is an Indian playback singer.	Malgudi Subha	singer
occupation	Wolfgang Trödler is a German middleweight boxer who won the bronze medals at the 1965 European Amateur Boxing Championships.	Wolfgang Trödler	boxer
occupation	Paul Cresey (born December 20, 1989) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, born in Edmonton, Alberta.	Paul Cresey	singer-songwriter
occupation	David Hoey is a retired Irish hurler who played as a defender for the Clare senior team.	David Hoey	hurler
occupation	Amadeus William Grabau (January 9, 1870--March 20, 1946), the father of Chinese geology, was an expatriate American geologist.	Amadeus William Grabau	geologist
occupation	Roberta Guaspari (born September 15, 1947) is an American violinist and music educator.	Roberta Guaspari	violinist	music educator
occupation	Dorothy Schwieder (November 28, 1933 -- August 13, 2014) was an American historian, biographer, and academic.	Dorothy Schwieder	historian
occupation	Bill Clifton (born William August Marburg on April 5, 1931) is an American bluegrass musician and singer who is credited with having organized one of the first bluegrass festivals in the United States in 1961.	Bill Clifton	musician
occupation	Roy Blass was an American architect whose work included design of Lustron houses.	Roy Blass	architect
occupation	Marshall Field (August 18, 1834 -- January 16, 1906) was an American entrepreneur and the founder of Marshall Field and Company, the Chicago-based department stores.	Marshall Field	entrepreneur
occupation	Jorge Britto is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt, practitioner and instructor.	Jorge Britto	mixed martial artist
occupation	Margarita Salicola (floruit 1682 -- 1706) was a famous opera singer of her time.	Margarita Salicola	opera singer
occupation	Lou Goetz was the head men's basketball coach at the University of Richmond from 1978 through 1981.	Lou Goetz	basketball coach
occupation	Cinqué Lee (born July 1966) is an American actor, filmmaker and screenwriter.	Cinqué Lee	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Uri Gershuni is an Israeli photographer and educator	Uri Gershuni	photographer
occupation	Nasri Maalouf (Arabic: نصري 'معلوف‎) (May 7, 1911 -- April 2, 2005) was a Lebanese politician.	Nasri Maalouf	politician
occupation	Kate Rew (born 11 September 1970) is an English journalist and author who founded the Outdoor Swimming Society.	Kate Rew	journalist
occupation	Ismael García (born in 1954) is a Venezuelan politician.	Ismael García	politician
occupation	Christian Laurin (born June 1, 1964 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian film, television and stage actor from Toronto, Ontario, who performs in both English and French productions.	Christian Laurin	actor
occupation	``You might describe Julia Culp as a connoisseur's singer,'' Michael Oliver wrote in the International Opera Collector in 2000.	Julia Culp	singer
occupation	Paul von Zielbauer is a journalist, social entrepreneur and public speaker.	Paul von Zielbauer	journalist
occupation	Kant Kishore Bhargava is an Indian diplomat who served as the second secretary-general of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) from October 17, 1989 to December 31, 1991.	Kant Kishore Bhargava	diplomat
occupation	Zbych Trofimiuk, birth name Zbigniew Krzysztof Trofimiuk (born April 7, 1979), is an Australian actor.	Zbych Trofimiuk	actor
occupation	Fiona Ayerst is a wildlife photographer based in South Africa notable for underwater photography.	Fiona Ayerst	photographer
occupation	Zack Norman (born Howard Jerrold Zuker, May 27, 1940) is an American actor, producer, writer, comedian, musician, film financier and real estate developer.	Zack Norman	actor
occupation	Rau'shee Warren (born February 13, 1987) is an American professional boxer and the 2007 flyweight world champion.	Rau'shee Warren	boxer
occupation	Bernie Winters, born Bernie Weinstein (6 September 1930 -- 4 May 1991), was an English comedian and the comic relief of the double act Mike and Bernie Winters with his older brother, Mike.	Bernie Winters	comedian
occupation	Adam Zwig is an American musician, singer-songwriter, psychotherapist, and author.	Adam Zwig	singer-songwriter
occupation	Fran Kelly is an Australian radio presenter, current affairs journalist and political correspondent who has hosted the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's Radio National programme Breakfast since March 2005.	Fran Kelly	journalist
occupation	Christopher Culpo is an American composer and pianist, who has been living in Paris since 1991.	Christopher Culpo	composer
occupation	The Polar Music Prize 2009 is awarded the Venezuelan conductor, composer and economist José Antonio Abreu.	José Antonio Abreu	composer
occupation	Leonid Efros (Леонид Эфрос) is a Russian oil painter and enamellist best known for making drawings and paintings of European royalty, including Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, the Queen Mother, Princess Anne and Princess Michael of Kent.	Leonid Efros	painter
occupation	Samuel Paynter (August 24, 1768 -- October 2, 1845) was an American merchant and politician from Drawbridge, in Broadkill Hundred, Sussex County, Delaware.	Samuel Paynter	politician
occupation	Władysław Ogrodziński (Polish pronunciation: (vwaˈdɨswaf ɔɡrɔˈd͡ʑiɲskʲi); June 2, 1918 -- February 6, 2012) was a Polish historian and writer.	Władysław Ogrodziński	historian
occupation	Simon Lamunière born in Geneva in 1961 is a Swiss curator.	Simon Lamunière	curator
occupation	Elena Nobili (1833--1900) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre figure paintings.	Elena Nobili	painter
occupation	Horatio Allen LL.D (May 10, 1802 -- December 31, 1889) was an American civil engineer and inventor, and President of Erie Railroad in the year 1843--1844.	Horatio Allen	civil engineer
occupation	Evan Bryant was a Protestant Christian missionary who served with the London Missionary Society during the late Qing Dynasty China.	Evan Bryant	missionary
occupation	Lin Yu-an (Chinese: 林昱安; pinyin: Lín Yù'ān; born September 22, 1988) is a Taiwanese swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Lin Yu-an	swimmer
occupation	Ambrosio Rianzares Bautista (December 17, 1830 - December 4, 1903), also known as Don Bosyong, was a lawyer and author of the Declaration of Philippine Independence.	Ambrosio Rianzares Bautista	lawyer
occupation	James Cullen Bressack (born c.1992) is an American film producer, screenwriter and film director.	James Cullen Bressack	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Alexander Campbell Stevenson (November 21, 1802 -- January 2, 1889) was an American farmer, physician, and politician.	Alexander Campbell Stevenson	politician
occupation	Lynn S. Richards (February 3, 1901 -- May 26, 2001) was a Utah lawyer and politician and a leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Lynn S. Richards	lawyer
occupation	Ivor Setterfield is a British conductor and countertenor, and Musical Director of London's largest choir, Barts Choir.	Ivor Setterfield	conductor
occupation	James M. Carrington (April 17, 1904 -- January 28, 1995) was a photographer and Democrat politician who served in the Missouri House of Representatives.	James M. Carrington	politician
occupation	Ron Kenoly (born December 6, 1944) is an American Christian worship leader, singer, and songwriter whose expressed mission is ``to create an environment for the manifest presence of God''.	Ron Kenoly	singer
occupation	Raquel Rodrigo (1915--2004) was a Cuban actress and singer who appeared in Spanish films.	Raquel Rodrigo	singer
occupation	The philosophical work of Jamal Khwaja (or, Ahmad Jamal Yusuf Khwaja, Indian philosopher, born 12 August, 1926/1928 ), has two facets: an analysis of the nature and causes of philosophical disagreement, and second, analysis of the religious dimension of life, with special reference to Islam.	Jamal Khwaja	philosopher
occupation	Joel Dehlin is an entrepreneur and the CEO/co-founder of the Kuali Company.	Joel Dehlin	entrepreneur
occupation	Diego de Borica was a Basque Spanish explorer and the seventh governor of Las Californias from 1794 to 1800, and is credited by some authors with defining Alta- and Baja-California's official borders.	Diego de Borica	explorer
occupation	Louisa Rachel Solomon is the lead singer of The Shondes, an indie punk band from Brooklyn, NY.	Louisa Rachel Solomon	singer
occupation	Sarath Wimalabandara Kotagama (Sinhalese: සරත් විමලබන්ඩාර කොටගම or Sarath Kotagama) is head of the Department of Zoology, University of Colombo and has done extraordinary service to Sri Lanka as an ornithologist and Environmentalist.	Sarath Kotagama	ornithologist
occupation	Dominick Argento (born October 27, 1927) is an American composer known for his lyric operatic and choral music.	Dominick Argento	composer
occupation	Rudolf Hermann was a Czechoslovakian luger who competed during the 1930s.	Rudolf Hermann	luger
occupation	LeRoy Bell (born August 8, 1951), at times Leroy Bell, is an American singer and songwriter.	LeRoy Bell	singer
occupation	Thomas Canning (December 12, 1911 -- October 4, 1989) was a composer and music educator, serving as a professor of composition and music theory at the Eastman school and as composer-in-residence at West Virginia University.	Thomas Canning	composer	music educator
occupation	Hannah Ferguson is an American fashion model.	Hannah Ferguson	model
occupation	Hayden James is a singer/songwriter and producer from Sydney, Australia.	Hayden James	songwriter
occupation	Cymphonique Miller (born August 1, 1996), known professionally as Cymphonique, is an American singer-songwriter and actress.	Cymphonique Miller	singer-songwriter
occupation	Dirk Reichardt; born September 9, 1964 is a German composer, sound designer and jingle producer.	Dirk Reichardt	composer
occupation	Valentin Stanič was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest, mountaineer, poet, writer, translator, teacher, and cultural worker.	Valentin Stanič	teacher
occupation	Lothar Wolleh (January 20, 1930 -- September 28, 1979) was a well-known German photographer.	Lothar Wolleh	photographer
occupation	Seth Porges is an American science and technology journalist and television commentator; as well as the founder of the fashion app Cloth.	Seth Porges	journalist
occupation	Elipidio Fortuna (born March 23, 1985) is a professional basketball player for the Dominican Republic.	Elipidio Fortuna	basketball player
occupation	Stephen Cohn is a composer of concert and film music living in Los Angeles, California.	Stephen Cohn	composer
occupation	Ludwig Purtscheller (October 6, 1849 -- March 3, 1900) was an Austrian mountaineer and teacher.	Ludwig Purtscheller	mountaineer
occupation	Lachit Bordoloi (Assamese: লাচিত বৰদলৈ) is a journalist and adviser to MASS, a non-profit human rights organization in Assam.	Lachit Bordoloi	journalist
occupation	Mindy Robinson (born February 14, 1980) is an American actress, model and reality star.	Mindy Robinson	model
occupation	Hunter Foster (born June 25, 1969) is an American musical theatre actor, singer, librettist and playwright.	Hunter Foster	singer	librettist
occupation	Ken Tipton (born October 23, 1952) is an American entrepreneur and Internet hoaxster who has worked as a film actor since 1978.	Ken Tipton	actor
occupation	Byun Jin-sub (Hangul: 변진섭; born May 19, 1966) is a South Korean singer.	Byun Jin-sub	singer
occupation	John Sherburne Sleeper (1794--1878) was an American sailor, ship master, novelist (who used the pseudonym of Hawser Martingale), journalist and politician.	John Sherburne Sleeper	novelist	politician
occupation	Essaï Altounian (Armenian: Եսայի Ալթունյան, in Western Armenian Եսայի Ալթունեան) born 5 November 1980), sometimes credited as simply Essaï, is a French-Armenian singer, songwriter, keyboardist, music producer and an actor.	Essaï Altounian	singer
occupation	Albert Cameron was an American architect based in Salem, Ohio.	Albert Cameron	architect
occupation	Dilshod Yarbekov (born May 1, 1974 in Samarqand) is an Uzbek boxer, who has won medals at the Asian and World Championships in the middleweight category.	Dilshod Yarbekov	boxer
occupation	Alicia Augello Cook (born January 25, 1981), known by the pseudonym Alicia Keys, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and actress.	Alicia Keys	singer, songwriter
occupation	Fernando Luján (born Fernando Ciangherotti Díaz on August 23, 1938) is an actor, born in Mexico City, Mexico.	Fernando Luján	actor
occupation	Fasih Ur Rehman is a professional dancer of classic dance Kathak, disciple of Maharaj Ghulam Hussain Kathak for 20 years, (1977-1998) in Lahore, Pakistan, and later continued his studies with Kumudini Lakhia in London and Ahmedabad, India.	Fasih Ur Rehman	dancer
occupation	Algirdas Monkevičius (born March 29, 1956 in Rietavas) is a teacher and Lithuanian politician, who also serves as the Minister of Education and Science.	Algirdas Monkevičius	politician
occupation	Father Hendricks (Venlo, march 17 1846 -- Kashgar, June 22 1906) was a Dutch Roman Catholic missionary.	Father Hendricks	missionary
occupation	Edwin Cheel (1872--1951) was an Australian botanist and collector.	Edwin Cheel	botanist
occupation	Alireza Sagharchi RIBA FRSA (born 1959) is a United Kingdom-Iranian architect.	Alireza Sagharchi	architect
occupation	George Macready (August 29, 1899 -- July 2, 1973), was an American stage, film, and television actor often cast in roles as polished villains.	George Macready	actor
occupation	Peter Fingesten (March 20, 1916 in Berlin, Germany -- September 10, 1987) was a German-born American graphic artist, sculptor, and founding chairman of the Art Department at Pace University.	Peter Fingesten	artist
occupation	Clarence Erwin McClung (April 5, 1870 -- January 17, 1946) was an American biologist who discovered the role of chromosomes in sex determination.	Clarence Erwin McClung	biologist
occupation	Carlos Ibarguren Uriburu (April 18, 1877 -- April 3, 1956) was an Argentine academic, historian and politician.	Carlos Ibarguren	historian
occupation	Rodney Sharman (born May 24, 1958) is a Canadian composer and flutist based in Vancouver.	Rodney Sharman	composer
occupation	Thomas Tree (born February 22, 1962) is an American music producer, singer, songwriter, musician, entrepreneur and is best known as a founding member of the alternative rock band Christy McCool and co-founder of the production and sound-design team, Enlighten Records.	Thomas Tree	singer, songwriter
occupation	Ken Shirk (Kenneth Ivan Shirk, popularly known as Cowman and Cowman A MooHa) is an ultramarathon runner who in 1976 was only the second runner to complete the course of the Western States Endurance Run.	Ken Shirk	ultramarathon runner
occupation	Sister Mary Thomasita Fessler O.S.F. (February 23, 1912 -- April 1, 2005) was an American painter and religious sister.	Thomasita Fessler	painter
occupation	Alberto Lysy (February 11, 1935 -- December 30, 2009) was a prestigious Argentine violinist and conductor.	Alberto Lysy	conductor
occupation	Clive Wedderburn is an actor who played Police Constable Garry McCann in The Bill.	Clive Wedderburn	actor
occupation	Ellen Day Hale (February 11, 1855 -- February 11, 1940) was an American Impressionist painter and printmaker from Boston.	Ellen Day Hale	painter	printmaker
occupation	Gabriel Rosado (born January 14, 1986) is an American professional boxer and two-time world middleweight title challenger.	Gabriel Rosado	boxer
occupation	Willem Baptist (1979) is a Dutch filmmaker and documentary-director.	Willem Baptist	director
occupation	Ioan T. Morar (born April 13, 1956) is a Romanian journalist, poet, dramatist, novelist, literary and art critic, diplomat and civil society activist.	Ioan T. Morar	diplomat
occupation	Dale Schoeller is an American biomedical physiologist based at the University of Wisconsin in Madison.	Dale Schoeller	physiologist
occupation	Knox Summerour is a L.A. Emmy-winning film & TV composer, jazz trumpeter, and vocalist.	Knox Summerour	composer
occupation	Stephen Leeb (born July 14, 1946 in Chicago, United States of America) is an American economist and author.	Stephen Leeb	economist
occupation	(La) Compiuta Donzella, called either di Firenze or Fiorentina, was the earliest woman poet of the Italian language, active in the second half of the 13th century.	Compiuta Donzella	poet
occupation	Lella Secor Florence (February 13, 1887 -- January 14, 1966), née Lella Faye Secor, was an American writer, journalist, pacifist, feminist and pioneer of birth control.	Lella Secor Florence	journalist
occupation	Bruce Gelb is an American businessman and diplomat.	Bruce Gelb	diplomat
occupation	Nazareno Malegarie (born May 16, 1986) is an Argentine mixed martial artist,and a Two-time BJJ World Champion.	Nazareno Malegarie	mixed martial artist
occupation	Anais Catala is a half Iraqi and half French model of Jewish faith.	Anais Catala	model
occupation	Paul Baghdadlian (Armenian Փոլ Բաղդադլյան , Western Armenian: Փօլ Պաղտատլեան) (July 10, 1953 -- June 28, 2011) was often known simply as Paul, was a Syrian and American Armenian singer, songwriter, musician, entertainer, and businessman.	Paul Baghdadlian	singer
occupation	Monty Munford is an English-born tech journalist, author, and part-time film actor residing in India until September 2010 when he returned to the UK.	Monty Munford	journalist	actor
occupation	Shana Cleveland is an artist based out of Seattle, Washington best known for her work fronting surf rock band La Luz as lead guitarist and vocalist.	Shana Cleveland	guitarist
occupation	Aurelio Buso (active c. 1520) was an Italian painter from Crema.	Aurelio Buso	painter
occupation	Ferdinand Rudolph Hassler's granddaughter, Mary Caroline Hassler Newcomb, married the much noted astronomer and mathematician Simon Newcomb.	Ferdinand Rudolph Hassler	mathematician
occupation	Avtar Gill is an Indian Television and film actor.	Avtar Gill	actor
occupation	Bob Tiernan is an American politician who served in the Oregon House of Representatives, representing Oregon's 24th district, which included most of Lake Oswego and portions of southwestern Portland.	Bob Tiernan	politician
occupation	Douglas Clare Fischer (October 22, 1928 -- January 26, 2012) was an American keyboardist, composer, arranger, and bandleader.	Clare Fischer	composer
occupation	Johann Philipp Reis (January 7, 1834 -- January 14, 1874) was a self-taught German scientist and inventor.	Johann Philipp Reis	inventor
occupation	Camilla Gottschalck is a Danish composer, singer, musician and actress.	Camilla Gottschalck	composer
occupation	John Ray Sechler, known as Curly Seckler, (born December 25, 1919), is an American bluegrass musician.	Curly Seckler	musician
occupation	Suzanne Lebsock (born 1949) is an award winning author and historian.	Suzanne Lebsock	historian
occupation	Marc Boulianne (born October 9, 1941) is a French Canadian politician, political assistant and former teacher.	Marc Boulianne	politician
occupation	John Adams Ten Eyck III (October 28, 1893 - October 22, 1932) was a painter and etcher.	John Adams Ten Eyck III	painter
occupation	Mona Bell (January 13, 1890 -- June 1, 1981) was an American rodeo rider, newspaper reporter, and the mistress of entrepreneur Samuel Hill.	Mona Bell	rodeo rider
occupation	Lorne Entress is an American drummer, multi-instrumentalist and record producer currently living in Glastonbury, Connecticut.	Lorne Entress	record producer
occupation	Paul Forman (born 1937) is an historian of science and a curator of the Division of Medicine and Science at the National Museum of American History.	Paul Forman	historian
occupation	Chen Peitong (simplified Chinese: 陈沛佟; traditional Chinese: 陳沛佟; pinyin: Chén Pèitóng; July 20, 1989) is a Chinese figure skater.	Chen Peitong	figure skater
occupation	Al Shea (né Alvin Francis Caserta, Jr, November 23, 1927, in New Orleans; died August 20, 2009, in New Orleans) was an actor and theatre critic particularly well known in New Orleans.	Al Shea	actor	theatre critic
occupation	Junior Mikamou is a Gabonese amateur boxer.	Junior Mikamou	boxer
occupation	Antonin Décarie (born 2 December 1982 in Laval, Quebec) is a Canadian professional boxer fighting out of Montreal.	Antonin Décarie	boxer
occupation	Ran Raz (Hebrew: רָן רָז‎) is a computer scientist who works in the area of computational complexity theory.	Ran Raz	computer scientist
occupation	Ginger Wallace (January 31, 1924 -- November 23, 2010) was an American artist, sculptor and philanthropist based in San Diego, California.	Ginger Wallace	artist
occupation	Gregory of Caergwent or Winchester (fl. 1270) was a British monk and historian.	Gregory of Caergwent	historian
occupation	Hiroshi Sugawara (菅原 浩志) is a Japanese film director, film producer, and screenwriter.	Hiroshi Sugawara	film director	film producer
occupation	Jani Lauzon is a Canadian puppeteer and musician of Métis heritage from East Kootenay, British Columbia.	Jani Lauzon	puppeteer
occupation	Ed McClanahan is an American novelist, essayist, and professor.	Ed McClanahan	novelist
occupation	Teresa Maryańska is a Polish paleontologist who has specialized in Mongolian dinosaurs, particularly pachycephalosaurians and ankylosaurians.	Teresa Maryańska	paleontologist
occupation	Gabriele Lavia (born October 10, 1942) is an Italian actor, film director and theatre director.	Gabriele Lavia	actor	film director
occupation	Davíd Garza is an Austin-based, American singer-songwriter who infuses rock and pop with a Latin feel and whose vocal style draws comparisons to Freddie Mercury, Jeff Buckley, Donovan and Robert Plant.	Davíd Garza	singer-songwriter
occupation	Yalchin Rzazadeh (Azerbaijani: Yalçın Rzazadə) is a Soviet period Azerbaijani pop singer who was born in 1946.	Yalchin Rzazadeh	singer
occupation	Georges Rawiri (March 10, 1932 -- April 9, 2006) was a Gabonese politician, diplomat and poet.	Georges Rawiri	politician	diplomat	poet
occupation	Jouko Juhani Järvinen (May 9, 1935 -- May 31, 1984) was a Finnish speed skater, allround world champion and world record holder on 1500m.	Juhani Järvinen	speed skater
occupation	Robert Fitzpatrick (July 2, 1937 -- October 23, 2010) was an American actor, lawyer, film producer, and music executive.	Robert Fitzpatrick	actor
occupation	Ed Stasium is an American record producer and engineer who has worked on albums by the Ramones, Talking Heads, the Smithereens and Living Colour.	Ed Stasium	record producer
occupation	Sérgio Luiz Pereira, stagename Sergio Kato (born July 15, 1960) is a Brazilian actor, television host, comedian and martial artist.	Sergio Kato	actor
occupation	Jan-Michael Vincent (born July 15, 1944) is a retired American actor best known for his role as helicopter pilot Stringfellow Hawke on the 1980s U.S. television series Airwolf (1984--86) and as the protagonist of John Milius's 1978 surfing epic Big Wednesday.	Jan-Michael Vincent	actor
occupation	Dr. María Cadilla Colón de Martínez (December 21, 1884 -- August 23, 1951) was a writer, educator, women's rights activist and one of the first women in Puerto Rico to earn a doctoral degree.	María Cadilla	writer
occupation	James Noble Tyner (January 17, 1826 -- December 5, 1904) was a lawyer, U.S. Representative and U.S. Postmaster-General from Indiana.	James Noble Tyner	lawyer
occupation	Judge Eugene Cotran was a circuit judge in England and one of the main jurists in charge of the drafting of a Basic Law of Palestine.	Eugene Cotran	judge
occupation	Gorazd Sotler née Sottler (July 1, 1930 -- April 21, 1987) was a Slovene academic sculptor.	Gorazd Sotler	sculptor
occupation	He is the son of the photographer Juan Pando Barrero.	Juan Pando	photographer
occupation	Douglas Pipes is a film music composer whose feature films include the Academy Award nominated Monster House and the horror film Trick 'r Treat.	Douglas Pipes	composer
occupation	Ludwig Binswanger (April 13, 1881 -- February 5, 1966) was a Swiss psychiatrist and pioneer in the field of existential psychology.	Ludwig Binswanger	psychiatrist
occupation	Yashawant Dinkar Phadke (Y. D. Phadke Devanagari: यशवंत दिनकर फडके / य. दि. फडके) (January 3, 1931 -- January 11, 2008) was a historian and a political activist from Maharashtra, India.	Yashawant Dinkar Phadke	historian
occupation	Kat Richardson (born May 22, 1964) is an American author best known for her Greywalker urban fantasy series.	Kat Richardson	author
occupation	Virendra Prabhakar was an Indian press photojournalist, cited by the Limca Book of Records as the longest serving press photojournalist.	Virendra Prabhakar	photojournalist
occupation	Faith Prince (born August 6, 1957) is an American actress and singer, best known for her work on Broadway in musical theatre.	Faith Prince	singer
occupation	Daniel Hillel is an Israeli water and soil scientist.	Daniel Hillel	scientist
occupation	David Cassel (March 7, 1818 -- January 22, 1893) was a German historian and Jewish theologian.	David Cassel	historian
occupation	Arline Fisch is an American artist and educator, who works with metal as her medium.	Arline Fisch	artist
occupation	Thudellage Charitha Buddhika Fernando (also known as Buddika Fernando; born August 22, 1980 in Panadura) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Charitha Buddhika	cricketer
occupation	Christy Marx (b c.1952) is an American screenwriter best known for her work on various TV series, including Jem (which she created), Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Conan the Adventurer, G.I. Joe, Hypernauts, Captain Power and others.	Christy Marx	screenwriter
occupation	Oleg Postnov (Russian: Олег Постнов; born 1962) is a Russian author, university professor, philologist and a literary critic.	Oleg Postnov	author
occupation	Philippa Tomson (born 1977) is an English journalist and presenter.	Philippa Tomson	journalist	presenter
occupation	Antonio Roybal (born October 1, 1976) is an American fine-art painter and sculptor from Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Antonio Roybal	painter
occupation	Tamara Champlin is an American Singer/Songwriter who started her career as a session singer in Houston, Texas, later moving to Los Angeles.	Tamara Champlin	singer
occupation	Licia Colò (born July 7, 1962) is an Italian TV hostess and journalist.	Licia Colò	journalist
occupation	Sean Babas is a commercial, music video, and motion picture film director.	Sean Babas	film director
occupation	Ravil Nachaev (also Ravil Nagayev, Russian: Равиль Начаев; born June 17, 1974 in Tashkent) is an Uzbek former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events.	Ravil Nachaev	swimmer
occupation	James Behr is an American pianist, composer, recording artist & educator.	James Behr	composer
occupation	Steve Klink is an American composer and jazz pianist.	Steve Klink	composer
occupation	Nikbakht Noruz is an Afghan child actor, who played the lead role of Bakhtay in a French, Iranian feature film Buddha Collapsed out of Shame (2007) directed by Hana Makhmalbaf set in Bamyan, Afghanistan	Nikbakht Noruz	actor
occupation	LaRon Louis James (born February 18, 1982), better known by his stage name Juelz Santana, is an America rapper and actor.	Juelz Santana	rapper
occupation	Damdiny Süldbayar (Mongolian: Дамдины Сүлдбаяр) (born July 1, 1981) is a Mongolian judoka who competed in the men's lightweight category.	Damdiny Süldbayar	judoka
occupation	William Jackson Humphreys (February 3, 1862 -- November 10, 1949) was an American physicist and atmospheric researcher.	William Jackson Humphreys	physicist
occupation	Lolita Schneiders (born March 3, 1931) was an American politician, teacher, businesswoman.	Lolita Schneiders	politician
occupation	William Albert Allard (born in 1937 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American documentary photographer.	William Albert Allard	photographer
occupation	Terryana Fatiah (born June 18, 1984),better known as Terry is an Indonesian singer.	Terryana Fatiah	singer
occupation	Antonio de Espejo was a Spanish explorer who led an expedition into New Mexico and Arizona in 1582--83.	Antonio de Espejo	explorer
occupation	Aram Haigaz (Armenian: Արամ Հայկազ - March 22, 1900 - March 10, 1986) was the pen name of Aram Chekenian, an Armenian writer who was born in the town of Shabin Karahisar, Ottoman Empire, and survived the Armenian Genocide in 1915.	Aram Haigaz	writer
occupation	Robert Janitz (born 1962) is a German-born painter working in New York City.	Robert Janitz	painter
occupation	Yoshiaki Yatsu (谷津嘉章 Yatsu Yoshiaki) (born July 19, 1956) is a retired Japanese professional wrestler, amateur wrestler and mixed martial artist.	Yoshiaki Yatsu	professional wrestler	amateur wrestler	mixed martial artist
occupation	Clint Jones (born October 5, 1984) is an American former ski jumper, currently residing in Park City, Utah.	Clint Jones	ski jumper
occupation	Oliver Loftéen is a Swedish actor born on April 12, 1979.	Oliver Loftéen	actor
occupation	Robert Russell Newton, also R. R. Newton (July 7, 1918 - June 2, 1991) was an American physicist, astronomer, and historian of science.	Robert Russell Newton	physicist	astronomer
occupation	R. Stanton Hales, Jr. (born March 16, 1942) is an American mathematician and educator, specializing in combinatorics.	R. Stanton Hales	mathematician
occupation	Mary Elliott Flanery (April 27, 1867 -- July 19, 1933) was an American progressive era social reformer, suffragist, politician, and journalist who is best remembered as the first women elected to the Kentucky General Assembly and first women elected to a state legislature south of the Mason--	Mary Elliott Flanery	politician	journalist
occupation	Lewis Mumford, KBE (October 19, 1895 -- January 26, 1990) was an American historian, sociologist, philosopher of technology, and literary critic.	Lewis Mumford	historian	sociologist
occupation	D'Jalma Garnier, the fiddler, composer, guitarist, and ``pedestrian scholar'' of Louisiana Creole fame, is the older brother of Tony Garnier, born 1956, Bob Dylan's band leader and bass player for the Neverending Tour Band since 1989.	D'Jalma Garnier	fiddler
occupation	Hans Sima (June 4, 1918 -- October 7, 2006) was an Austrian politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPÖ), serving as governor (Landeshauptmann) of Carinthia from 1965 to 1974.	Hans Sima	politician
occupation	Carena Roller is a judge of the Provincial Court of Manitoba, to which she was appointed on September 17, 2007.	Carena Roller	judge
occupation	Michel Seydoux (French: (sɛdu); born 11 September 1947) is a French businessman and film producer.	Michel Seydoux	film producer
occupation	Esmon Saimon, also referred to (perhaps in error) as Esmon Sae, is a Vanuatu politician.	Esmon Saimon	politician
occupation	Joseph James Tombura (died before 1996), a South Sudanese politician and member of the Sudan African National Union, was president of the High Executive Council of the Southern Sudan Autonomous Region, serving from 23 June 1982 to 5 June 1983, until the Sudanese central government revoked the autonomy of that region.	Joseph James Tombura	politician
occupation	Gill Pyrah (born 16 June 1957 in Manchester) is an English broadcaster and journalist.	Gill Pyrah	journalist
occupation	Anne Lister (1791--1840) was a well-off Yorkshire landowner, diarist, mountaineer and traveller.	Anne Lister	diarist	mountaineer
occupation	Harry Keith Everitt (April 2, 1923 -- August 26, 2015) was a Canadian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and county councillor in Sturgeon County, Alberta.	Keith Everitt	politician
occupation	N. M. Browne is an English writer of fiction for children.	N. M. Browne	writer
occupation	Shuka Oyama (小山修加 Oyama Shuka, born September 25, 1980) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.	Shuka Oyama	volleyball player
occupation	Munah Holland is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Flyweight division.	Munah Holland	mixed martial artist
occupation	Imran Arif (born January 15, 1984, in Kotli, Azad Kashmir) is a Pakistani-born English cricketer.	Imran Arif	cricketer
occupation	Robert Hostoffer D.O., FAAP, FACOP is a board-certified pediatric immunologist and an osteopathic physician.	Robert Hostoffer	immunologist
occupation	Hayk F. Gyolchanyan (born November 11, 1982) is a Russian record producer, sound director, musician and songwriter, works with many representatives of Russian show business.	Hayk F. Gyolchanyan	record producer	musician	songwriter
occupation	Sade Adeniran is a Nigerian novelist, whose novel, Imagine This won the Commonwealth Writers' Prize for Best First Book in Africa.	Sade Adeniran	novelist
occupation	Sylvester Pennoyer (July 6, 1831 -- May 30, 1902) was an American educator, attorney, and politician in Oregon.	Sylvester Pennoyer	politician
occupation	Juan Escobedo is an award winning actor and director who was born and raised in San Diego, California, USA.	Juan Escobedo	actor
occupation	Count Károly Andrássy de Csíkszentkirály et Krasznahorka (February 29, 1792 -- August 22, 1845) was a Hungarian politician, who served as emissary to Gömör és Kis-Hont County in the Diets of 1839 and 1844.	Károly Andrássy	politician
occupation	Craig Pearce is an Australian actor and writer.	Craig Pearce	actor
occupation	Gwen Haworth (born December 9, 1972 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian trans woman and lesbian film director, and screenwriter.	Gwen Haworth	film director
occupation	Publius Silius Nerva was a Roman politician and general who was consul in 20 BC.	Publius Silius Nerva	politician
occupation	William de Chambre was an Irish priest in the Thirteenth century: he was Archdeacon of Dublin then Lord High Treasurer of Ireland and finally Dean of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin	William de Chambre	priest
occupation	Kerry DuWors (born September 26, 1980) is a Canadian violinist, chamber musician and educator.	Kerry DuWors	violinist
occupation	Abdul Hameed Adam (Urdu: عبد الحمید عدم‎, born Abdul Hameed Urdu: عبد الحمید‎) on April 10, 1910, is an author and poet.	Abdul Hameed Adam	poet
occupation	Jackson Georges (born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a Haitian-American painter whose works have been on exhibit at the World Trade Art Gallery, the United Nations, and Mehu Gallery.	Jackson Georges	painter
occupation	Anna Nicole Smith (born Vickie Lynn Hogan; November 28, 1967 -- February 8, 2007) was an American model, actress and television personality.	Anna Nicole Smith	model
occupation	Kevin A. Short (born August 9, 1960) is an American painter and printmaker, recognized for his modern landscapes of the American Southwest and Pacific Coast.	Kevin A. Short	painter
occupation	Jonni Darkko is a pornographic actor and director.	Jonni Darkko	actor
occupation	L.W. Hodge (born Logan Wesley Hodge; March 28, 1987) is an American filmmaker, musician and sometimes actor best known for directing and appearing in short films that have found major success on video sharing sites like YouTube.	L.W. Hodge	actor
occupation	Marion MacRae (April 30, 1921 -- August 11, 2008) is a Canadian architectural historian who won the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction in 1975 for Hallowed Walls.	Marion MacRae	historian
occupation	Helge Holden (born 28 September 1956) is a Norwegian mathematician working in the field of Differential equations and Mathematical physics.	Helge Holden	mathematician
occupation	Vanessa Daou (born October 4, 1967) is an American singer, songwriter, poet, visual artist and dancer.	Vanessa Daou	singer
occupation	Philip Butler or Boteler (by 1493-1545), of Watton at Stone, Hertfordshire, was an English politician.	Philip Butler	politician
occupation	Lorraine Desmarais (born August 15, 1956) is a French-Canadian jazz pianist and composer.	Lorraine Desmarais	pianist	composer
occupation	Jahangir Mamatov (Джахангир Маматов) is a linguist, lexicographer, author, journalist, and a political analyst of Central Asian issues.	Jahangir Mamatov	journalist
occupation	Florencio Molina Campos (August 21, 1891 -- November 16, 1959) was an Argentine illustrator and a painter known by his typical traditional scenes of the Pampa.	Florencio Molina Campos	illustrator
occupation	Andrei Droznin (Russian: Андрей Дрознин) is a Russian theatre director and movement coach.	Andrei Droznin	theatre director
occupation	Kate Cameron is an English house and trance music singer with an alto voice.	Kate Cameron	singer
occupation	Sean J. Harrington (born April 24, 1944) is a judge serving on the Federal Court of Canada since 2003.	Sean J. Harrington	judge
occupation	Sergey Petrosyan (Armenian: Սերգեյ Պետրոսյան, Russian: Сергей Арсенович Петросян; born June 7, 1988 in Baku, USSR) is a Russian weightlifter of Armenian descent.	Sergey Petrosyan	weightlifter
occupation	Henry Lee Shippey (1884--1969), who wrote under the name Lee Shippey, was an American author and journalist whose romance with a French woman during World War I caused a sensation in the United States as a ``famous war triangle.''	Lee Shippey	journalist
occupation	James Cornelius Knatchbull-Hugessen CM (born July 26, 1933), known professionally as James K. Hugessen is a judge currently serving on the Federal Court of Canada.	James K. Hugessen	judge
occupation	Mirko Vičević (June 30, 1968) is a Yugoslav retired water polo player.	Mirko Vičević	water polo player
occupation	Kelaniyage Jayantha Silva (born June 5, 1973, Kalutara) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in 7 Tests and one ODI from 1995 to 1998.	Jayantha Silva	cricketer
occupation	Theodore Lothrop Stoddard (June 29, 1883 -- May 1, 1950) was an American historian, journalist, eugenicist, and political theorist.	Lothrop Stoddard	historian	journalist
occupation	Devadas Kanakala is an Indian Tollywood veteran actor.	Devadas Kanakala	actor
occupation	Italo Zucchelli (born June 4, 1965) is an Italian fashion designer, best known as the Men's Creative Director of Calvin Klein Collection.	Italo Zucchelli	fashion designer
occupation	Andrea Moller is a Brazilian-American competitive canoeist and surfer.	Andrea Moller	surfer
occupation	Vija Artmane was married to Latvian actor Artur Dimitres, and the couple had two children, a son and a daughter.	Vija Artmane	actor
occupation	Dr. Gail Saltz is an American psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, columnist, bestselling author and television commentator.	Gail Saltz	psychiatrist
occupation	Pepper Potts resumes her activities as personal secretary of Tony Stark.	Pepper Potts	secretary
occupation	Wolf Barth is a German mathematician who discovered Barth surfaces and whose work on vector bundles has been important for the ADHM construction.	Wolf Barth	mathematician
occupation	Hugo Nicolson is a record producer and engineer who has worked on records for artists including Primal Scream, Embrace, David Holmes, Shack and Julian Cope.	Hugo Nicolson	record producer	engineer
occupation	Hanif Kureishi, CBE (born 5 December 1954) is a British Pakistani playwright, screenwriter, filmmaker and novelist.	Hanif Kureishi	playwright	screenwriter	novelist
occupation	After Nhật Sơns death his producer Winfried Povel started working again on the demo-tracks of the 3rd unfinished album Nhớ vô cùng and creates new videoclips for them, as a tribute to this Vietnamese singer.	Nhật Sơn	singer
occupation	Joseph Lerner is a Canadian composer and political analyst.	Joseph Lerner	composer
occupation	Peter Levitt (born September 2, 1946 New York) is a poet and translator.	Peter Levitt	poet
occupation	André Pereira dos Reis was a Portuguese captain, pilot, and cartographer.	André Pereira dos Reis	cartographer
occupation	Francimar Barroso (born February 28, 1980) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist (MMA) fighting in the Light Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).	Francimar Barroso	mixed martial artist
occupation	Juliana Didone Nascimento (born October 11, 1984) is a Brazilian actress and former model.	Juliana Didone	model
occupation	John Nunziata (born January 4, 1955) is a lawyer and former Canadian politician.	John Nunziata	politician
occupation	Jakob Karweyse (also Karweysse; fl. 1492) was a goldsmith in Malbork (Marienburg) in Poland.	Jakob Karweyse	goldsmith
occupation	Velimir Kljaić (February 10, 1946 - August 12, 2010) was a Croatian handball coach and player.	Velimir Kljaić	handball coach
occupation	Christopher Bronk Ramsey is a British physicist, mathematician and specialist in radiocarbon dating.	Christopher Bronk Ramsey	physicist
occupation	Tomáš Hanák (born March 27, 1957) is a Czech actor, comedian, screenwriter, and TV presenter who has appeared over several films and television shows since 1984.	Tomáš Hanák	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Jean Lowe is a California-based painter and sculptor.	Jean Lowe	painter
occupation	Sander Thonhauser is a Dutch professional mixed martial artist.	Sander Thonhauser	mixed martial artist
occupation	Rebecca Wee is an American poet, and associate professor of creative writing.	Rebecca Wee	poet
occupation	Prashant Ranyal is an Indian television and film actor.	Prashant Ranyal	actor
occupation	Anne Elizabeth Moore is an editor, artist, and is well known for her books Unmarketable:	Anne Elizabeth Moore	artist
occupation	Donal Boylan is a former Derry GAA Gaelic footballer and Australian rules footballer.	Donal Boylan	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Marie-Luise Schramm is the only daughter of actor Bernd Schramm, with three older brothers.	Marie-Luise Schramm	actor
occupation	Richard Stankiewicz (1922--1983) was an American sculptor, known for his work in scrap metal.	Richard Stankiewicz	sculptor
occupation	Andrea Verga (May 20, 1811 -- November 21, 1895) was an Italian psychiatrist and neurologist.	Andrea Verga	psychiatrist
occupation	Eudoxus of Cnidus (/ˈjuːdəksəs/; Greek: Εὔδοξος ὁ Κνίδιος, Eúdoxos ho Knídios; 408--355 BC) was a Greek astronomer, mathematician, scholar and student of Plato.	Eudoxus of Cnidus	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Jack Perrin (July 25, 1896 -- December 17, 1967) was an American actor specializing in Westerns.	Jack Perrin	actor
occupation	Chris Raschka (born March 6, 1959) is an American illustrator, writer, and violist.	Chris Raschka	writer
occupation	Pedram Salimpour is an Iranian-American physician-scientist, author, professor, entrepreneur and business executive.	Pedram Salimpour	physician
occupation	Martha Priscilla Shaw (August 29, 1904 -- February 9, 1981) was an American educator and politician in the state of South Carolina.	Martha Priscilla Shaw	politician
occupation	Hunter Tylo (born Deborah Jo Hunter, July 3, 1962) is an American actress, author and former model.	Hunter Tylo	model
occupation	Dominik Roels (born 21 January 1987 in Köln) is a former German professional road bicycle racer, who previously rode for German Team Milram.	Dominik Roels	bicycle racer
occupation	Rupram Chakrabarty (Bengali: রূপরাম চক্রবর্তী) (c. 17th century) was a Bengali poet of the Middle Ages and one of the most significant contributor to Dharmamangalkavya tradition of mediaeval Bengali literature.	Rupram Chakrabarty	poet
occupation	Christianne Klein Machado is an Edward R. Murrow award-winning journalist, lifestyle author, television personality, and former anchor and correspondent for ABC News.	Christianne Klein	journalist
occupation	Juan el de la Vara (born 1938) is a Spanish flamenco singer.	Juan el de la Vara	singer
occupation	Tsanko Lavrenov (Bulgarian: Цанко Лавренов) was a Bulgarian painter and art critic born in 1896, deceased in 1978.	Tsanko Lavrenov	painter	art critic
occupation	Andrew Fromm is a songwriter from Edison, New Jersey, currently living in Franklin, Tennessee in the Nashville area.	Andrew Fromm	songwriter
occupation	Warren Michelson is a Canadian politician elected, to represent the electoral district of Moose Jaw North in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in the 2007 election.	Warren Michelson	politician
occupation	Giovanni Battagio was an Italian sculptor and architect.	Giovanni Battagio	architect
occupation	Scott Lawrence (born September 27, 1963) is an American actor best known for his role as United States Naval JAG lawyer Cmdr.	Scott Lawrence	actor
occupation	Jeffrey Blitz is an American film director, producer and screenwriter from Ridgewood, New Jersey.	Jeffrey Blitz	film director
occupation	Andrés Tambornino is an Argentine film editor, film director, and screenplay writer.	Andrés Tambornino	film director
occupation	Owen Chamberlain (July 10, 1920 -- February 28, 2006) was an American physicist, and Nobel laureate in physics for his discovery, with collaborator Emilio Segrè, of antiprotons, a sub-atomic antiparticle.	Owen Chamberlain	physicist
occupation	Seppo Sanaksenaho (May 5, 1938 -- November 1, 2011) was a Finnish politician who served as the Mayor of Vaasa from 1997 to 2001.	Seppo Sanaksenaho	politician
occupation	Art Ginsburg (July 29, 1931 -- November 21, 2012), commonly known as Mr. Food, was an American television chef and best selling author of cookbooks.	Mr. Food	chef
occupation	Townsend Duryea was appointed official photographer for the 1867 visit of Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, to Adelaide in 1867.	Townsend Duryea	photographer
occupation	Roger Beyer is a Republican politician from the US state of Oregon, who most recently served in the Oregon Senate, representing District 9, which includes parts of Clackamas, Linn, and Marion County, Oregon counties.	Roger Beyer	politician
occupation	Walter Moras (Jan. 20, 1856 - March 6, 1925) was a German landscape painter who specialized to some extent in winter scenes.	Walter Moras	painter
occupation	Rudolph Matas (September 12, 1860 -- September 23, 1957), a prominent and innovative surgeon was born outside of New Orleans in Bonnet Carre, Louisiana.	Rudolph Matas	surgeon
occupation	Manju Ray is an Indian scientist in Molecular Enzymology and Cancer Biochemistry.	Manju Ray	scientist
occupation	Seiki Kayamori (1877--1941) was a Japanese photographer who lived in Yakutat, Alaska, before World War II. His photographs captured the village's residents, mostly Tlingit Indians, at a time when the fish canning industry and other outside influences were beginning to change or eclipse traditional ways of life.	Seiki Kayamori	photographer
occupation	Sharon Bolton is an English author of mystery fiction.	Sharon Bolton	author
occupation	Sareh Nouri (born July 25, 1979) is a Persian-American fashion designer known for couture wedding gowns and bridal sashes.	Sareh Nouri	fashion designer
occupation	James Grant Wilson (April 28, 1832 -- February 1, 1914) was an American editor, author, bookseller and publisher, who founded the Chicago Record in 1857, the first literary paper in that region.	James Grant Wilson	editor
occupation	Clarkson Crolius (bapt. October 30, 1774 New York City -- October 5, 1843) was an American businessman and politician.	Clarkson Crolius	politician
occupation	Friedrich Wilhelm Carové (June 20, 1789 -- March 18, 1852) was a German philosopher and publicist.	Friedrich Wilhelm Carové	philosopher
occupation	Mikely Adam, better known by his stage name Mike Free, is an American record producer and songwriter from South Central, Los Angeles.	Mike Free	record producer	songwriter
occupation	Giovanni Pichler was born on 10 January 1734 in Naples, where his father, the Tyrolean gem-engraver, Anton Pichler, had settled.	Giovanni Pichler	engraver
occupation	Stan Joplin (born June 17, 1957) is a former head men's basketball coach at the University of Toledo from 1996 to 2008.	Stan Joplin	basketball coach
occupation	Allenna Leonard is an American cyberneticist, consultant and Director of Team Syntegrity Inc. of Toronto, Canada, internationally, specializing in the application of Stafford Beer's Viable System Model and Syntegration.	Allenna Leonard	cyberneticist
occupation	Fan Hung-hsuan (Chinese: 范鴻軒) is a Taiwanese actor who achieved regional fame in East Asia and Southeast Asia for his portrayal of Gongsun Ce in the 1993 TV series Justice Bao.	Fan Hung-hsuan	actor
occupation	Kahawalage Gamini Perera (born May 22, 1964, Colombo) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played one ODI in 1986.	Gamini Perera	cricketer
occupation	Neil Berg is an American composer/lyricist best known for the hit off-Broadway musical The Prince and the Pauper, as well as the rock musical ``The 12'', and ``Grumpy Old Men:	Neil Berg	composer
occupation	Theo Allofs is a photographer who has photographed a lot of endangered species and their threatened habitats.	Theo Allofs	photographer
occupation	Bill Doggett (February 16, 1916 -- November 13, 1996) was an American jazz and rhythm and blues pianist and organist.	Bill Doggett	pianist
occupation	Kenny Garrett (born October 9, 1960) is a Grammy Award-winning American post-bop jazz saxophonist and flautist who gained fame in his youth as a member of the Duke Ellington Orchestra and of Miles Davis's band.	Kenny Garrett	saxophonist
occupation	Adolphe Engers (1884--1945) was a Dutch film actor who appeared in more than fifty films during his career, a number of them in Weimar Germany.	Adolphe Engers	actor
occupation	Andrea Accordi is an Italian chef working in Percorso Restaurant in Four Seasons Hotel Lion Palace Saint-Petersburg.	Andrea Accordi	chef
occupation	B. Narsing Rao (born Bongu Narsinga Rao) is an Indian film director, composer, producer and actor known for his works in Telugu, parallel cinema.	B. Narsing Rao	film director
occupation	Edwin Arthur Jones, (June 28, 1853 -- January 9, 1911) was an American composer.	Edwin Arthur Jones	composer
occupation	Edmund Munroe Smith (December 8, 1854 -- April 13, 1926) was an American jurist and historian.	Munroe Smith	historian
occupation	Aristarchus of Samos (/ˌærəˈstɑːrkəs/; Greek: Ἀρίσταρχος Aristarkhos; c. 310 -- c. 230 BC) was an ancient Greek astronomer and mathematician who presented the first known model that placed the Sun at the center of the known universe with the Earth revolving around it (see Solar system).	Aristarchus of Samos	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	George Gerbier d'Ouvilly (fl. 1661) was a Dutch soldier, dramatist and translator.	George Gerbier d'Ouvilly	translator
occupation	Ariel S. Tabag (born August 16, 1978), is a bilingual Ilocano fictionist (he writes in Ilocano language and Tagalog/Filipino), poet, editor, translator, and musician.	Ariel S. Tabag	translator
occupation	Christopher Nixon Cox (born March 14, 1979) is a lawyer based in New York.	Christopher Nixon Cox	lawyer
occupation	Hanson Taylor Dowell, QC (September 14, 1906 -- September 23, 2000) was a Canadian educator, lawyer, judge and politician.	Hanson Taylor Dowell	lawyer	politician
occupation	Benjamin Miller (born May 5, 1983), better known by his stage name Wrekonize is an American underground rapper and current member of Miami band ¡Mayday!.	Wrekonize	rapper
occupation	Scott Aukerman (born July 2, 1970) is an American writer, actor, comedian, television personality, director, producer, and podcast host.	Scott Aukerman	actor
occupation	Antiopi Melidoni (born October 11, 1977 in Athens) is a Greek water polo player and Olympic silver medalist.	Antiopi Melidoni	water polo player
occupation	Mary Louise Preis (born October 10, 1941) is an American politician who represented district 34 in the Maryland House of Delegates.	Mary Louise Preis	politician
occupation	Scott Kelby is editor and publisher of the Photoshop User Magazine, president and co-founder of the National Association of Photoshop Professionals (NAPP) and president of Kelby Media Group, an Oldsmar, Florida-based software training, education, and publishing firm.	Scott Kelby	editor
occupation	Louie Henri (12 April 1864 -- 2 May 1947) was an English singer and actress, best known for her many roles in the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Louie Henri	singer
occupation	Stefan Lorenz Sorgner is a metahumanist philosopher, a Nietzsche scholar, a philosopher of music and an authority in the field of ethics of emerging technologies.	Stefan Lorenz Sorgner	philosopher
occupation	Susan Oyama is a psychologist and philosopher of science, currently professor emerita at the John Jay College and CUNY Graduate Center in New York.	Susan Oyama	psychologist	philosopher
occupation	Richard Cawley (born May 28, 1947) is an English food writer, chef and fashion designer.	Richard Cawley	fashion designer
occupation	Johann Gottfried Zinn (December 6, 1727 -- April 6, 1759) was a German anatomist and botanist member of the Berlin Academy.	Johann Gottfried Zinn	botanist
occupation	René de Boer (born 14 March 1945, Groningen) is a Dutch sculptor.	René de Boer	sculptor
occupation	William Umpleby Kirk (1843 - 1928) was a pioneer photographer of the late Victorian period.	William Umpleby Kirk	photographer
occupation	Bruno Huber (November 29, 1930 -- November 3, 1999) was a Swiss astrologer who, with his wife, Louise Huber, founded the Huber School of Astrology in 1962.	Bruno Huber	astrologer
occupation	Noel Le Vasseur (December 25, 1798 - December 12, 1879) was a trader and merchant born in St. Michel d`Yamaska, Canada and died in Bourbonnais Grove, Illinois.	Noel Le Vasseur	merchant
occupation	Jade Parfitt (born June 1, 1978) is a British model and presenter.	Jade Parfitt	model
occupation	Rommel Rico T. Angara (born December 19, 1978), simply known as Rommel T. Angara is a Filipino politician.	Rommel T. Angara	politician
occupation	Matthew F. Jones, is an American novelist and screenwriter who grew up in rural upstate New York.	Matthew F. Jones	novelist
occupation	Christopher Felver is a photographer and filmmaker who has published several books of photos of public figures, especially those in the arts, most notably those associated with beat literature.	Christopher Felver	photographer
occupation	Mitchell Kaye is a Republican Party politician in Georgia, United States.	Mitchell Kaye	politician
occupation	Dean Rosenthal is an American composer of instrumental and electronic music, sound installations, and field recordings.	Dean Rosenthal	composer
occupation	Edward Dennis Fogell (born June 2, 1945) is an American producer, actor, and artistic director.	Edward Dennis Fogell	actor
occupation	Simone de Oliveira, GCIH (born 11 February 1938) is a Portuguese singer and actress.	Simone de Oliveira	singer
occupation	Ronnie Eldridge is an American activist, businesswoman, politician, and television host.	Ronnie Eldridge	politician
occupation	Jordan Smelker is an American ice hockey player who currently plays for the Boston Pride in the National Women's Hockey League during the 2015--16 NWHL season.	Jordan Smelker	ice hockey player
occupation	Richard Swineshead (a.k.a. Suisset, Suiseth, etc.) (fl. c. 1340 -- 1354) was an English mathematician, logician, and natural philosopher.	Richard Swineshead	mathematician	philosopher
occupation	Martina Colombari (born 10 July 1975) is an Italian film and television actress, model and television presenter.	Martina Colombari	model
occupation	Ara Papian (Armenian: Արա Պապյան; born June 6, 1961) is an Armenian lawyer, historian and diplomat.	Ara Papian	historian	diplomat
occupation	Grant Potter is an American road bicycle racer, from Florida.	Grant Potter	bicycle racer
occupation	Johann, Hans or Johannes Virdung of Hassfurt was a celebrated astrologer of the early sixteenth century from the Electoral Palatinate.	Johannes Virdung	astrologer
occupation	Robert L. Bernstein is an American publisher and human rights activist.	Robert L. Bernstein	human rights activist
occupation	Warren Casey (April 20, 1935 -- November 8, 1988) was an American theatre composer, lyricist, writer, and actor.	Warren Casey	composer	actor
occupation	Chang Chih-chiang (simplified Chinese: 张志强; traditional Chinese: 張志強; pinyin: Zhāng Zhìqiáng, born October 22, 1978 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who plays for Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Chang Chih-chiang	baseball player
occupation	Richard Fust (fl. 1421) of Warnham and Chichester, Sussex, was an English politician.	Richard Fust	politician
occupation	Javier Melloni Ribas is an Italian-Catalan anthropologist, theologist, writer Jesuit.	Javier Melloni	anthropologist	writer
occupation	Jo Se-ho (Hangul: 조세호, hanja: 曺世鎬 ; born on August 9, 1982), is a South Korean comedian.	Jo Se-ho	comedian
occupation	Stephen Antonakos (born November 1, 1926 in Agios Nikolaos, Laconia, Greece - d. August 17, 2013) was a Greek born American sculptor most well known for his abstract sculptures often incorporating neon.	Stephen Antonakos	sculptor
occupation	Todor Kobakov (born September 19, 1978) is a Bulgarian-Canadian composer, producer, arranger and pianist based in Toronto, Ontario.	Todor Kobakov	composer
occupation	Archie Fletcher (born April 24, 1890, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- unknown) was an American Tin Pan Alley songwriter and music publisher, who made his mark during the first half of the 20th century.	Archie Fletcher	songwriter
occupation	Robert Charlebois, OC, OQ (born June 25, 1944) is a Francophone Canadian author, composer, musician, performer and actor.	Robert Charlebois	actor
occupation	Icuk Sugiarto (born October 4, 1962 in Surakarta, Central Java) is a former Indonesian badminton player who rated among the world's best singles players during the 1980s.	Icuk Sugiarto	badminton player
occupation	Peter Renaday (born June 9, 1935 as Pierre Laurent Renoudet) is an American actor, who has done many voice-over and acting roles for Disney films, TV shows, attractions and record album.	Peter Renaday	actor
occupation	By profession Māris Krakops is a lawyer.	Māris Krakops	lawyer
occupation	Ivan Koumaev (born October 16, 1987) is an American dancer.	Ivan Koumaev	dancer
occupation	Shahid Mahboob (Urdu: شاہد محبوب) (born August 25, 1962, Karachi, Sindh) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test and 10 ODIs from 1982 to 1989, including the 1983 World Cup.	Shahid Mahboob	cricketer
occupation	Pearl Lang (May 29, 1921 -- February 24, 2009) was an American dancer, choreographer and teacher renowned as an interpreter and propagator of the choreography style of Martha Graham, and also for her own longtime dance company, the Pearl Lang Dance Theater.	Pearl Lang	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Marek Pająk, (born November 26, 1977), is a Polish musician and singer.	Marek Pająk	musician
occupation	Didit Hediprasetyo (born March 22, 1984) is a Paris-based Indonesian fashion designer and socialite.	Didit Hediprasetyo	socialite
occupation	Jane Derby (born Jeannette Barr, May 10, 1895 -- August 9, 1965) was a top-of-the-line ready-to-wear American fashion designer from the 1930s to 1965.	Jane Derby	fashion designer
occupation	Ralph Taeger (July 30, 1936 -- March 11, 2015) was an American former actor who starred in three short-lived television series during the 1960s.	Ralph Taeger	actor
occupation	Beatrice Schenk de Regniers (August 16, 1914--March 1, 2000) was an American writer of children's picture books.	Beatrice Schenk de Regniers	writer
occupation	Suzanne Bennett Johnson (born February 8, 1948) is an American psychologist and a past president of the American Psychological Association (APA).	Suzanne Bennett Johnson	psychologist
occupation	Bernard Maskit is an American mathematician known for his expertise in Kleinian groups.	Bernard Maskit	mathematician
occupation	Cristina Filoso is an Argentine concert pianist.	Cristina Filoso	pianist
occupation	Jaan Tiidemann (born August 21, 1971, in Tallinn) is an Estonian architect.	Jaan Tiidemann	architect
occupation	Ned Hastings (born August 26, 1966 in Atlanta, Georgia), is an American video editor and producer and sometime writer and voice actor best known for his work on various Adult Swim programs, most notably ``Aqua Teen Hunger Force''.	Ned Hastings	voice actor
occupation	Timothy L. Raynor (born March 15, 1950) is an American actor, stuntman, and stunt choreographer who is best known for his work on Jimmy Huston's 1981 slasher film Final Exam, where he portrayed ``The Killer'' as well as acting as a fight choreographer.	Timothy L. Raynor	actor
occupation	Born to a family of Jewish bankers in Paris and formerly married to a Jewish banker Claude Ullmann, Lisette de Brinon was an inveterate socialite, surrounding herself with notables of the left (Léon Blum) and of the right (Pierre Drieu la Rochelle).	Lisette de Brinon	socialite
occupation	Thomas Boxall (dates unknown) was a famous English cricketer of the late 18th century.	Thomas Boxall	cricketer
occupation	Mary Roy is an Indian educator and women's rights activist, known for winning a lawsuit in 1986, against the inheritance legislation of her Keralite Syrian Christian community in the Supreme Court.	Mary Roy	activist
occupation	Małgorzata Gosiewska (born July 22, 1966 in Gdańsk - neé Kierat) is a Polish politician.	Małgorzata Gosiewska	politician
occupation	Joyce K. Reynolds (died 2015) was an American computer scientist.	Joyce K. Reynolds	computer scientist
occupation	Sammy Merza (born August 10, 1976 in Damascus, Syria) is an Assyrian American retired professional boxer from Chicago, Illinois.	Sammy Merza	boxer
occupation	Serhat Ulueren (born 1969 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a sports reporter and journalist, a native of Turkey.	Serhat Ulueren	journalist
occupation	Ferdinand Max Bredt (1860-1921) was a German painter with Oriential/Arabian influence.	Ferdinand Max Bredt	painter
occupation	Emily King (born July 10, 1985) is a Grammy-nominated American singer and songwriter.	Emily King	singer and songwriter
occupation	Frank James McGarr (February 25, 1921 -- January 6, 2012) was a federal district judge from Illinois who served on the federal bench from 1970 until 1988.	Frank James McGarr	judge
occupation	Sean Tejaratchi (born c. 1971) is a graphic designer and writer based out of Los Angeles, California.	Sean Tejaratchi	graphic designer
occupation	Myra Clark Gaines (c. June 30, 1804 -- January 9, 1885) was an American socialite and plaintiff in the longest-running lawsuit in the history of the United States court system.	Myra Clark Gaines	socialite
occupation	Benjamin Tappan (May 25, 1773 -- April 20, 1857) was an Ohio judge and Democratic politician who served in the Ohio State Senate and the United States Senate.	Benjamin Tappan	judge	politician
occupation	Silvestre Antonio Guzmán Fernández (February 12, 1911 -- July 4, 1982) was a Dominican businessman and a politician.	Antonio Guzmán Fernández	politician
occupation	Robert Eric Betzig (born January 13, 1960) is an American physicist based at the Janelia Farm Research Campus in Ashburn, Virginia.	Eric Betzig	physicist
occupation	Andy Umberger is an American actor who spent the early part of his career in New York City, where he was primarily a stage actor and appeared in three Broadway shows:	Andy Umberger	actor
occupation	Mary Oxlie (fl. 1616) would seem to have been an early 17th-century Scottish or Northumbrian coterie poet, though little is known of her beyond one attribution.	Mary Oxlie	poet
occupation	Keith D. Black (born October 16, 1980) is a financier, screenwriter and former DNA magazine model, who was born in South Africa and grew up from a young age in San Diego, California.	Keith D. Black	screenwriter
occupation	Rabbi Dr. Tzvi Hersh Weinreb (born 1940) is an ordained rabbi, a qualified psychotherapist and the Executive Vice President Emeritus of the Orthodox Union, the largest Orthodox Jewish organisation in North America; a position he has held since 2002.	Tzvi Hersh Weinreb	rabbi
occupation	Vijay Chavan (Devanagari: विजय चव्हाण) is a well known Marathi & Hindi film, television and stage actor, notable for his roles in Marathi theatre and Marathi films and television.	Vijay Chavan	actor
occupation	Guo Degang (Chinese: 郭德纲; pinyin: Guō Dégāng) is a Chinese comedian and xiangsheng actor.	Guo Degang	actor
occupation	Alyson Dudek (born July 30, 1990) is an American short track speed skater and Olympic bronze medallist.	Alyson Dudek	short track speed skater
occupation	Cecil Forsyth was an English composer and musicologist.	Cecil Forsyth	composer	musicologist
occupation	Antigonus of Carystus (/ænˈtɪɡənəs/; Greek Ἀντίγονος ὁ Καρύστιος; in Latin Antigonus Carystius), Greek writer on various subjects, flourished in the 3rd century BC. After some time spent at Athens and in travelling, he was summoned to the court of Attalus I (241 BC--197 BC) of Pergamum.	Antigonus of Carystus	writer
occupation	Airbertach mac Cosse, died 1016, was an Irish poet, lector and later superior of the monastery of Ros Ailithir (now Rosscarbery), on the coast of south-west County Cork.	Airbertach mac Cosse	poet
occupation	Refika Birgül (May 19, 1980, Istanbul) is a Turkish food writer and television presenter.	Refika Birgül	television presenter
occupation	Sohee Park (born December 19, 1975) is a stage, film, and television actor.	Sohee Park	actor
occupation	Jan Zawiejski, born Jan Baptysta Feintuch, (1854--1922) was a Polish architect, representative of the 19th century historism advocating the return to classical design of the past.	Jan Zawiejski	architect
occupation	Abdul Hay Mosallam Zarara is a self-taught Palestinian artist who has meticulously worked on archiving the recent histories of the Palestinian people.	Abdul Hay Mosallam Zarara	artist
occupation	Edith Roelker Curtis (1893--1977) was a New England author, historian, and diarist.	Edith Roelker Curtis	historian
occupation	Solomon Dodashvili (Georgian: სოლომონ დოდაშვილი) also known as Solomon Ivanovich Dodaev-Mogarsky (Russian: Соломон Иванович Додаев-Могарский) (May 17, 1805 -- August 20, 1836) was a Georgian philosopher, journalist, historian, grammarian, belletrist and enlightener.	Solomon Dodashvili	philosopher	journalist
occupation	Simon Levy (born May 12, 1949) is an award-winning theatre director and playwright, who has been the Producing Director/Dramaturg with The Fountain Theatre in Los Angeles since 1993.	Simon Levy	theatre director	playwright
occupation	Doris Patty Rosenthal (July 10, 1889 -- November 26, 1971) was an American painter, printmaker, designer, and educator, who made solitary explorations into remote areas of Mexico in search of indigenous peoples.	Doris Patty Rosenthal	painter
occupation	Bjarne Berulfsen (March 27, 1906 -- October 9, 1970) was a Norwegian philologist and professor, best known for establishing the Friends of Folk Song Club (Norwegian: Visens venner) in 1946 and for writing many books translated into several languages.	Bjarne Berulfsen	professor
occupation	Vivek Harshan is an Indian film editor who works predominantly in Malayalam and Tamil films.	Vivek Harshan	film editor
occupation	Lawrence Thornton (born 1937) is an American novelist and critic living in Claremont, California.	Lawrence Thornton	novelist
occupation	Dan Euser is a Canadian artist, sculptor, designer, and landscape architect specializing in water features.	Dan Euser	artist	landscape architect
occupation	Malouf Abraham, Sr., also known as Oofie Abraham (July 26, 1915 -- May 30, 1994), was an American businessman, investor, politician, and philanthropist.	Malouf Abraham, Sr.	politician
occupation	Dick Charles (born Richard Charles Krieg; February 24, 1919 in Newark, New Jersey -- July 17, 1998 ) was an American songwriter.	Dick Charles	songwriter
occupation	Eliot Wigginton (born Brooks Eliot Wigginton on November 9, 1942) is an American oral historian, folklorist, writer and former educator.	Eliot Wigginton	writer
occupation	Louis Verdad is a Mexican American fashion designer.	Louis Verdad	fashion designer
occupation	Jürgen Kurths (born March 11, 1953 in Arendsee/Altmark) is a German physicist and mathematician.	Jürgen Kurths	physicist
occupation	Brittany Shane is an American singer-songwriter and musician based in Austin, Texas.	Brittany Shane	singer-songwriter
occupation	Estelle Lazer, Australian archaeologist and physical anthropologist from Sydney University, has studied the human remains from Pompeii and has reached some interesting conclusions.	Estelle Lazer	anthropologist
occupation	Samuel Powell (July 10, 1776 -- August 2, 1841), was an American politician who represented Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives.	Samuel Powell	politician
occupation	Sarjit Bains is the controversial UK-based film director of Punjabi Indian extraction.	Sarjit Bains	film director
occupation	John F. Hawley (born 1958) is an American astrophysicist and a professor of astronomy at the University of Virginia.	John F. Hawley	astrophysicist
occupation	Pir Karam Ali Shah is a Pakistani politician and governor of Gilgit-Baltistan.	Karam Ali Shah	politician
occupation	Kevin Borlée (French pronunciation: ​(kevin bɔʁle); born 22 February 1988, Woluwe-Saint-Lambert) is a Belgian sprinter, who specializes in the 400 metres.	Kevin Borlée	sprinter
occupation	Morton Tubor (born June 1, 1920) is an American film editor and sound editor.	Morton Tubor	film editor
occupation	Laura Fenton (born June 28, 1962) is an American racquetball player.	Laura Fenton	racquetball player
occupation	Leo Kanner (pronounced ``Kahner''; June 13, 1894 -- April 3, 1981) was an Austrian-American psychiatrist and physician known for his work related to autism.	Leo Kanner	psychiatrist
occupation	Anton Gosswin, also Jusswein, Jussonius, Cossiono, Gossovino, Josquinus (prob. Liege c. 1546 -- Freising, Liege or Bonn between 2 June 1597 and 28 October 1598), was a Flemish composer.	Anton Gosswin	composer
occupation	Fabian Núñez (Fabián Núñez, Fabian Nuñez and less commonly Fabian Nunez) (born December 27, 1966 in San Diego, United States) has been a labor union adviser and a Democratic politician.	Fabian Núñez	politician
occupation	Virginia Ragsdale (December 13, 1870 - June 4, 1945) was a teacher and a mathematician specializing in algebraic curves.	Virginia Ragsdale	mathematician
occupation	Mohammad Sajjad Kadir is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh and is one of the most experienced players in their domestic first class game.	Sajjad Kadir	cricketer
occupation	King-Wai Yau (Chinese: 游景威; Pinyin: You Jing-Wei; born October 27, 1948) is a Chinese-born American neuroscientist and Professor of Neuroscience at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland.	King-Wai Yau	neuroscientist
occupation	Ruth Machado Lousada Rocha (born March 2, 1931 in São Paulo), most known as Ruth Rocha is a Brazilian writer of children's books.	Ruth Rocha	writer
occupation	Giovanni Ulisse Lucci (active 1717-1760s) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active near his native Fabriano in the Region of the Marche.	Giovanni Ulisse Lucci	painter
occupation	Anne Marie Miller (born February 19, 1980) is an American author based out of Iowa who writes on topics such as faith, sexuality and psychology.	Anne Marie Miller	author
occupation	Jaime Sabines Gutiérrez (March 25, 1926 -- March 19, 1999) was a Mexican contemporary poet.	Jaime Sabines	poet
occupation	Jacques Languirand (born May 1, 1931) is a radio host, writer, actor and director.	Jacques Languirand	radio host	writer	actor
occupation	Ghulam Ali Khan was a nineteenth century Indian painter in Delhi.	Ghulam Ali Khan	painter
occupation	Sister Marie Elizabeth Roche is a New Zealand nun who became a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2011 for her work which included 15 years as Rimutaka Prison's Catholic chaplain.	Marie Elizabeth Roche	nun
occupation	Australian singer-songwriter Kevin Mitchell, under the moniker of Bob Evans, stated that Santigold's work was an influence for the creation of his fourth album Familiar Stranger.	Santigold	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ekaterina Ivanchikova (Russian: Екатерина Иванчикова; Belarusian: Кацярына Іванчыкава, born on August 18, 1987) is a Belarusian singer and vocalist at Belarusian-Russian band IOWA.	Ekaterina Ivanchikova	singer
occupation	Kanyeria (born 23 May 1985) is a Kenyan music producer, composer, sound engineer and song writer based in Nairobi, Kenya but has worked with artists and record labels in Kenya and Tanzania.	Kanyeria	composer
occupation	John Mark Davidson (February 15, 1961 in Knoxville, Tennessee), is a former professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1986-1991.	Mark Davidson	baseball player
occupation	William Wheeler Thornton (June 27, 1851 - January 31, 1932) was an Indiana lawyer, Attorney General, judge, and author.	William Wheeler Thornton	lawyer
occupation	Professor Peter Dunnill: biochemical engineer The Guardian:	Peter Dunnill	engineer
occupation	Caitlin Leverenz (born February 26, 1991) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in breaststroke and medley events.	Caitlin Leverenz	swimmer
occupation	Kleitias (Greek: Κλειτίας, sometimes rendered as Klitias) was an ancient Athenian vase painter of the black figure style who flourished c. 570--560 BCE.	Kleitias	vase painter
occupation	Peter Neville (died August 9, 2002) was a further education lecturer and sociologist known for his activity in and writings about the anarchist and peace movements in the United Kingdom.	Peter Neville	sociologist
occupation	Catherine Ann Janvier née Drinker (May 1, 1841 -- July 19, 1922) was an American artist, author, and translator.	Catherine Ann Janvier	artist	author	translator
occupation	Zdeněk Sýkora (February 3, 1920 -- July 12, 2011) was a Czechoslovakian modern abstract painter and sculptor, and a pioneer of using computers in art.	Zdeněk Sýkora	painter	sculptor
occupation	Luca Mombello (active mid-late 16th century) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance periods, mainly active in Brescia.	Luca Mombello	painter
occupation	Sharifah Mazlina Syed Abdul Kadir is a Malaysian woman solo explorer.	Sharifah Mazlina	explorer
occupation	Brian Zembic, nicknamed the Wiz, born 1961 (age 54--55), is a magician and high-stakes gambler specializing in blackjack and backgammon.	Brian Zembic	magician
occupation	Corey Allen (June 29, 1934 -- June 27, 2010) was an American film and television director, writer, producer, and actor.	Corey Allen	writer	actor
occupation	Mark Ruiz (born April 9, 1979 in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico), is an Olympic diver from Puerto Rico.	Mark Ruiz	diver
original network	Tonight with Craig Doyle is a talk show hosted by Craig Doyle that was broadcast on RTÉ One for one series in 2010.	Tonight with Craig Doyle	RTÉ One
original network	Faraway Hill was the first soap opera broadcast on an American television network, airing on the DuMont Television Network on Wednesday nights at 9 pm between October 2 and December 18, 1946.	Faraway Hill	DuMont Television Network
original network	Britain's Favourite Supermarket Foods was a British documentary series which was first broadcast on BBC One on 15 February 2012 as a one-off special.	Britain's Favourite Supermarket Foods	BBC One
original network	Braingames is an American educational program shown on HBO in the mid-1980s.	Braingames	HBO
original network	Mysteries at the Castle (formerly Castle Secrets & Legends) is an American reality television series that premiered on January 19, 2014, on the Travel Channel.	Mysteries at the Castle	Travel Channel
original network	Music '60 is a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1959 to 1960.	Music '60	CBC Television
original network	Ultimate Parkour Challenge is a mini-series that premiered on October 22, 2009 on MTV featuring the six of the top parkour and freerunning competitors from around the world expressing their styles against each other in a series of themed challenges filmed in California.	Ultimate Parkour Challenge	MTV
original network	Crowd Rules is an American competition/reality television series, created for and first telecast by the cable channel CNBC for its United States audience.	Crowd Rules	CNBC
original network	The District is a television police drama which aired on CBS from October 7, 2000 to May 1, 2004.	The District	CBS
original network	Smash Lab was a reality television series that premiered on December 26, 2007, on the Discovery Channel.	Smash Lab	Discovery Channel
original network	Urban Zone, sometimes shortened as UZ, was a lifestyle program produced by ABS-CBN and Bayan Productions, Inc. and aired on ABS-CBN with replays on The Filipino Channel (TFC) in five regions (US and Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Australia, and Asia).	Urban Zone	ABS-CBN
original network	Each summer, from 2006 to 2008, TF1 broadcast the ``best of'' the show in Les dossiers de Sans aucun doute.	Sans aucun doute	TF1
original network	CBC Summer Symphonies is a Canadian music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television and CBC Stereo in 1978.	CBC Summer Symphonies	CBC Television
original network	No Stilettos was a short-lived BBC music series made by BBC Scotland in Glasgow, and presented by Scottish pop and folk musician Eddi Reader.	No Stilettos	BBC
original network	New York Goes to Hollywood is a reality VH1 series that consists of eight, 30-minute-episodes.	New York Goes to Hollywood	VH1
original network	The Falklands Play was eventually produced simultaneously for both radio and television with almost identical casts, broadcast by BBC Radio 4 on 6 April and the digital TV channel BBC Four on 10 April 2002 respectively.	The Falklands Play	BBC Four
original network	Julie and Carol at Carnegie Hall is an American musical comedy television showcase starring Julie Andrews and Carol Burnett, broadcast on CBS on June 11, 1962.	Julie and Carol at Carnegie Hall	CBS
original network	It's the Law is a Canadian legal information television series which aired on CBC Television in 1956.	It's the Law	CBC Television
original network	Joseph Schildkraut Presents was an anthology television series on the DuMont Television Network starring stage and screen actor Joseph Schildkraut.	Joseph Schildkraut Presents	DuMont Television Network
original network	Playboy Shootout is an adult reality competition airing on Playboy TV produced by America's Next Top Model director Claudia Frank.	Playboy Shootout	Playboy TV
original network	CB Bears is a 60-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions which aired on NBC from September 10 to December 3, 1977.	CB Bears	NBC
original network	Gabriel Iglesias Presents Stand Up Revolution is an American stand-up comedy television series airing on Comedy Central in the United States.	Gabriel Iglesias Presents Stand Up Revolution	Comedy Central
original network	The Phoenix Team was a Canadian drama television series which aired on CBC Television in 1980.	The Phoenix Team	CBC Television
original network	My Friend Tony is an American crime drama that aired on NBC in 1969.	My Friend Tony	NBC
original network	You Gotta See This was an American reality television series produced by Comcast Entertainment Group for the Nickelodeon network.	You Gotta See This	Nickelodeon
original network	Boogie Oogie is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo.	Boogie Oogie	Rede Globo
original network	Hot in Cleveland is an American sitcom on TV Land starring Valerie Bertinelli, Jane Leeves, Wendie Malick and Betty White.	Hot in Cleveland	TV Land
original network	Our Friends in the North is a British television drama serial, produced by the BBC and originally broadcast in nine episodes on BBC Two in early 1996.	Our Friends in the North	BBC Two
original network	The Chris Rock Show was a late night comedy talk show featured on HBO.	The Chris Rock Show	HBO
original network	Teen Beach 2 is a 2015 Disney Channel Original Movie and the sequel to the 2013 film Teen Beach Movie.	Teen Beach 2	Disney Channel
original network	Restaurant Startup is an American reality television investment show broadcast on CNBC, which premiered in 2014.	Restaurant Startup	CNBC
original network	Casper & Mandrilaftalen (English: Casper and the Mandrill Deal) was a Danish cult TV program aired on DR2 in 1999.	Casper & Mandrilaftalen	DR2
original network	Dollar a Second is an American comedy game show hosted by Jan Murray which originally aired from September 20, 1953 to June 14, 1954 on the DuMont Television Network.	Dollar a Second	DuMont Television Network
original network	Lie Detectors is an American television series broadcast by Game Show Network.	Lie Detectors	Game Show Network
original network	S.O.C.O. (Scene of the Crime Operatives) is a Philippine reality television series by ABS-CBN that aims to find answers to serious crimes with the help of local police and forensic investigators.	S.O.C.O. (Scene of the Crime Operatives)	ABS-CBN
original network	Britain's Brightest is a game show that aired on BBC One from 5 January to 9 February 2013 and was hosted by Clare Balding.	Britain's Brightest	BBC One
original network	The D-Generation was a popular and influential Australian TV sketch comedy show, produced and broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) for two series, between 1986 and 1987.	The D-Generation	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
original network	At Home with John Newmark was a Canadian classical music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1954.	At Home with John Newmark	CBC Television
original network	Is It College Yet? is the second of two movie-length installments featured in MTV's animated series Daria.	Is It College Yet?	MTV
original network	Ailabouni was not invited to the final of Germany's Next Topmodel, Cycle 6, also a first on the show while several ProSieben-related magazines referred to Sara Nuru as ``last years winner'' given she was working as a backstage host.	Germany's Next Topmodel	ProSieben
original network	Y Pris (The Price) is a popular Welsh language television programme produced by Fiction Factory for Welsh public service television station S4C.	Y Pris	S4C
original network	No Kitchen Required is a cooking show produced by BBC America that first aired in 2012.	No Kitchen Required	BBC America
original network	Big Questions is an Australian television show which is produced and broadcast on the Nine Network, with Jules Lund as host.	Big Questions	Nine Network
original network	Aliens in America (also known as Raja) is an American sitcom created by David Guarascio and Moses Port that aired on The CW for one season from 2007--2008.	Aliens in America	The CW
original network	Daily Politics is broadcast live on weekdays on BBC Two when the House of Commons is sitting.	Daily Politics	BBC Two
original network	Going Ape is a British Television docu-soap program that is aired on the Animal Planet.	Going Ape	Animal Planet
original network	Disney's Really Short Report was a mini-show that ran on the Disney Channel and promoted upcoming Disney DVD releases.	Disney's Really Short Report	Disney Channel
original network	Better Living TV Theater was an early American television program originally broadcast on ABC and later on the now defunct DuMont Television Network.	Better Living TV Theater	DuMont Television Network
original network	Celebrity Overhaul was a reality television and infotainment show on Australia's Nine Network in which celebrities undergo a rigorous exercise and diet regime aimed at improving their fitness, health and general lifestyle, with the particular goal of Weight Loss.	Celebrity Overhaul	Nine Network
original network	704 Hauser is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from April 11 to May 9, 1994.	704 Hauser	CBS
original network	Yukon Men is an unscripted American cable television series aired on the Discovery Channel.	Yukon Men	Discovery Channel
original network	The Vincent Lopez Show, also known as Vincent Lopez Speaking, is an American musical television program hosted by Vincent Lopez and broadcast on the DuMont Television Network, and later on CBS Television.	The Vincent Lopez Show	DuMont Television Network	CBS
original network	The Cricket Show is an Australian cricket television show, screened during the lunch breaks of Test matches in Australia on the Nine Network.	The Cricket Show	Nine Network
original network	Superhjältejul (Superhero Christmas) was the 2009 SVT Christmas calendar in Sveriges Television (broadcast in the channel SVT1), directed by Carl Englén, and the manuscript is written by Jan Vierth, Anders Sparring and Pasqual Vallin Johansson.	Superhjältejul	SVT1
original network	O'Hara, U.S. Treasury (on-screen title is O'Hara, United States Treasury) is an American television crime drama starring David Janssen and broadcast by CBS during the 1971-72 television season.	O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	CBS
original network	Galactik Football is a French animated television series, co-produced by Alphanim, France 2, Jetix Europe, and Welkin-Animation.	Galactik Football	France 2
original network	Just Shoot Me! is an American television sitcom that aired for seven seasons on NBC from March 4, 1997, to August 16, 2003, with 148 episodes produced.	Just Shoot Me!	NBC
original network	House of Hancock is an Australian mini-series, part 1 aired on the Nine Network on 8 February 2015 and the 2nd part on 15 February.	House of Hancock	Nine Network
original network	My Kitchen Rules is an Australian competitive cooking game show broadcast on the Seven Network since 2010.	My Kitchen Rules	Seven Network
original network	Get a Clue is a 2002 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Lindsay Lohan as Lexy Gold, a high-school student who investigates a mystery after one of her teachers goes missing.	Get a Clue	Disney Channel
original network	Let's Paint TV was originally broadcast on Los Angeles Public-access television cable TV from 2002 through 2008; after the LA public access studios were shut down in early 2008, the show transitioned to being an online-only program.	Let's Paint TV	Public-access television
original network	I Love the '80s Strikes Back is a miniseries on VH1 in which various music and TV personalities reminisce about 1980s popular culture in a mostly humorous manner.	I Love the '80s Strikes Back	VH1
original network	Agatha Christie's Poirot is a British television drama that aired on ITV from 8 January 1989 to 13 November 2013.	Agatha Christie's Poirot	ITV
original network	The Canadian Farmer is a Canadian current affairs television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1959.	The Canadian Farmer	CBC Television
original network	7 Tage, 7 Köpfe (Sieben Tage, sieben Köpfe, lit. Seven days, seven heads) is a German comedy television program of the television station RTL Television and featured a humorous retrospective of the past week.	7 Tage, 7 Köpfe	RTL Television
original network	Henry Danger is an American superhero situation comedy television series airing on Nickelodeon.	Henry Danger	Nickelodeon
original network	The Tortellis is an American sitcom that aired from January to May 1987 on NBC.	The Tortellis	NBC
original network	Postcode Challenge is a Scottish television game show presented originally by Carol Smillie and then by Angus Purden, produced by STV Productions for broadcast on STV.	Postcode Challenge	STV
original network	CMT Top 12 Countdown was a music video show that aired on Country Music Television (CMT) that debuted in 1994 and ended in December 2001 in favor for the longer Top 20 Countdown.	CMT Top 12 Countdown	Country Music Television
original network	The Bozo Super Sunday Show is the final version of WGN-TV's 40+ year-old Bozo series, which aired on Sunday mornings for seven seasons.	The Bozo Super Sunday Show	WGN-TV
original network	Little Howard's Big Question is a 2009--12 BBC One/CBBC children's edutainment programme starring Howard Read as Big Howard and his six-year-old animated friend, Little Howard.	Little Howard's Big Question	BBC One
original network	World Cuppa was a one-hour ITV4 show, which launched on 9 June 2006 and ran for the duration of the 2006 FIFA World Cup.	World Cuppa	ITV4
original network	``The Rains of Castamere'' is the ninth episode of the third season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 29th episode of the series.	The Rains of Castamere	HBO
original network	How the Universe Works is a mini-series that originally aired on the Discovery Channel April 25, 2010 to May 24, 2010.	How the Universe Works	Discovery Channel
original network	Now's Your Chance is a Canadian variety talent show television series which aired on CBC Television from 1952 to 1954.	Now's Your Chance	CBC Television
original network	Kerri-Anne was an Australian morning television program shown on the Nine Network, hosted by Kerri-Anne Kennerley.	Kerri-Anne	Nine Network
original network	Just Mary was a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television in 1960.	Just Mary	CBC Television
original network	Hardwood Classics is a television series that airs on NBA TV and features many of the greatest classic games recorded on videotape or film in National Basketball Association history.	Hardwood Classics	NBA TV
original network	Howard Presents is a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television in 1978.	Howard Presents	CBC Television
original network	Circus Action is a Taiwanese television series, originally shown on Channel V from 2005, featuring people (mainly the four hosts known as Circus) performing various dangerous, ridiculous, self-injuring stunts and kuso behaviors that are similar to the MTV reality television program Jackass.	Circus Action	Channel V
original network	Kairasi Kudumbam (Tamil: கைராசிக்குடும்பம்) (English: Lucky Family) is a Tamil soap opera that airs on Jaya TV.	Kairasi Kudumbam	Jaya TV
original network	Man from Atlantis is an American science fiction television series that ran for 13 episodes on the NBC network during the 1977--1978 season, following four television films that had aired earlier in 1977.	Man from Atlantis	NBC
original network	Young Mr. Bobbin is an American television situation comedy that aired live on the NBC network during the 1951-1952 season.	Young Mr. Bobbin	NBC
original network	Astro Farm was produced by FilmFair for Central Independent Television, and was first broadcast on CITV in 1992;	Astro Farm	CITV
original network	The Other Me is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie about a teenager who accidentally clones himself as a genius and ends up using his clone to pass school.	The Other Me	Disney Channel
original network	KaBlam! (stylized as KaBLaM!) is an American animated sketch comedy that ran on Nickelodeon from 1996 to 2000.	KaBlam!	Nickelodeon
original network	On 8 December 2006, the parent company of Live Roulette, (Vegas 24/7 Broadcasting Ltd.) was acquired by NetPlayTV plc. On 1 October, the channel of which Live Roulette rebranded to become a programme strand of Super Casino which encompasses Live Roulette, Live Blackjack and many other casino games.	Live Roulette	Super Casino
original network	Up the Garden Path is a 1984 novel by Sue Limb, which was adapted into a radio series by BBC Radio 4, and later into a television sitcom by Granada TV for ITV.	Up the Garden Path	ITV
original network	The Biggest Loser (season 4) is the fourth season of the NBC reality television series entitled The Biggest Loser.	The Biggest Loser (season 4)	NBC
original network	Market Place is the financial programme broadcast Monday to Friday at 10:30pm in Hong Kong by television channel TVB Pearl.	Market Place	TVB Pearl
original network	The Wonderful Maladys is a HBO television pilot written by Charles Randolph, directed by Alan Taylor and starring Sarah Michelle Gellar.	The Wonderful Maladys	HBO
original network	Aktuellt (literally ``current; topical'') is a Swedish nightly news programme produced by Sveriges Television (SVT) and broadcast on its second channel, SVT2 in Sweden.	Aktuellt	SVT2
original network	Flip That House is an American television series created by the Discovery Home Channel also broadcast on TLC.	Flip That House	TLC
original network	Mister Peepers is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC from July 3, 1952, to June 12, 1955.	Mister Peepers	NBC
original network	A Vida da Gente (The Life We Lead) is a Brazilian telenovela that was broadcast by Rede Globo in 2011 and 2012.	A Vida da Gente	Rede Globo
original network	Canadian Cinema is a Canadian television series about films, which aired on CBC Television in 1974.	Canadian Cinema	CBC Television
original network	Total Blackout is an American game show airing on Syfy which features contestants that have to complete challenges such as: identifying things with either their hands, nose, or mouth; gathering items; or getting from point A to Point B while being totally in the dark (hence the name ``Total Blackout'').	Total Blackout	Syfy
original network	Screen Directors Playhouse (sometimes written as Screen Directors' Playhouse) is a popular American radio and television anthology series which brought leading Hollywood actors to the NBC microphones beginning in 1949.	Screen Directors Playhouse	NBC
original network	Aída is a Spanish comedy sitcom that aired in Telecinco from January 16, 2005 to June 8, 2014.	Aída	Telecinco
original network	Microsoap is a children's sitcom, co-written by Mark Haddon and co-produced by the BBC and the Disney Channel.	Microsoap	BBC
original network	Extreme Cheapskates is an American reality television series that airs on TLC and premiered on October 16, 2012.	Extreme Cheapskates	TLC
original network	Diff'rent Strokes is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from November 3, 1978, to May 4, 1985, and on ABC from September 27, 1985, to March 7, 1986.	Diff'rent Strokes	NBC
original network	The 1900 House is a historical reality television programme made by Wall to Wall/Channel 4 in 1999.	The 1900 House	Channel 4
original network	Marshall Law was an Australian television series, which aired on the Seven Network in 2002, starring Lisa McCune and Alison Whyte as lawyers and sisters.	Marshall Law	Seven Network
original network	Artzooka! is a Canadian TV series revolving around art. The series airs on various stations, including CBC Television.	Artzooka!	CBC Television
original network	Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire is a British-American comedic sword and sorcery series created by Peter A. Knight, co-produced by Hat Trick Productions and Media Rights Capital for Comedy Central and BBC Two, which premiered on April 9, 2009 in the USA and on June 11 in the UK.	Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire	BBC Two
original network	Australia's Best Backyards is an Australian lifestyle TV series on the Seven Network.	Australia's Best Backyards	Seven Network
original network	Once Upon a Tune is a weekly half-hour American television series that aired on the DuMont Television Network, premiering on March 6, 1951 and running to May 15, 1951.	Once Upon a Tune	DuMont Television Network
original network	The Big Arvo (originally titled The Big Breakfast) is an Australian television series that was broadcast on the Seven Network from 1999 until 2005.	The Big Arvo	Seven Network
original network	Four in a Bed (previously called Three in a Bed from 2010--11 and 2015) is a British reality television game show that has been airing on Channel 4 since 21 April 2010.	Four in a Bed	Channel 4
original network	Mud, Sweat & Gears is a television series that premiered on 26 January 2015 on BBC America in the U.S. and BBC Brit internationally.	Mud, Sweat & Gears	BBC America
original network	Skating on Thin Ice was a short-lived Australian celebrity reality television programme broadcast on the Nine Network in 2005.	Skating on Thin Ice	Nine Network
original network	Morning Girls with Kris and Korina was a morning talk show on ABS-CBN, hosted by broadcaster Korina Sanchez and Kris Aquino.	Morning Girls with Kris and Korina	ABS-CBN
parent taxon	The Egyptian nightjar (Caprimulgus aegyptius) is a medium-small nightjar which occurs in south west Asia and north Africa, and winters in tropical Africa.	Egyptian nightjar	Caprimulgus
parent taxon	The Florida leaf-footed bug (Acanthocephala femorata) is a species of insect.	Florida leaf-footed bug	Acanthocephala
parent taxon	Pseudoplatystoma is a genus of several South American catfish species of family Pimelodidae.	Pseudoplatystoma	Pimelodidae
parent taxon	Dikarya is a subkingdom of Fungi that includes the phyla Ascomycota and Basidiomycota, both of which in general produce dikaryons, may be filamentous or unicellular, but are always without flagella.	Dikarya	Fungi
parent taxon	Phloeocharinae Erichson 1839 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae.	Phloeocharinae	Staphylinidae
participant of	Horst Tüller (5 February 1931 -- 4 June 2001) was a former road and track cyclist from Germany, who won the bronze medal in the men's team road race at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, along with Reinhold Pommer and Gustav-Adolf Schur.	Horst Tüller	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leo Leino was a Finnish Athlete who competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Leo Leino	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vladimir Ivković (born July 25, 1929) is a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Vladimir Ivković	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fredrik Meyer (13 February 1916 -- 16 January 1989) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics, and an officer in the Royal Norwegian Air Force.	Fredrik Meyer	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hilario López García (18 November 1907 -- 17 June 1965) was a Mexican football forward who made three appearances for the Mexico at the 1930 FIFA World Cup.	Hilario López	1930 FIFA World Cup
performer	``Still Figuring Out'' is the fourth single from British rock band Elliot Minor, taken from their top 10 album Elliot Minor.	Still Figuring Out	Elliot Minor
performer	``Porpoise Song (Theme from Head)'' is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King and performed by pop/rock quartet The Monkees on their album Head.	Porpoise Song (Theme from Head)	The Monkees
performer	The Kush is the debut solo album by rapper Havoc of the hip-hop duo Mobb Deep.	The Kush	Havoc
performer	``Come On, Come In'' is a song by American hard rock band Velvet Revolver, featured on the soundtrack to the 2005 superhero film Fantastic Four.	Come On, Come In	Velvet Revolver
performer	Slow Shalt Be the Whole of the Law is an album by the Swedish funeral doom metal band The Funeral Orchestra.	Slow Shalt Be the Whole of the Law	The Funeral Orchestra
performer	Alien Shores was Platinum Blonde's 1985 follow up to their debut album Standing in the Dark.	Alien Shores	Platinum Blonde
performer	``Hier kommt Alex'' (Here comes Alex) is a song by German punk band Die Toten Hosen.	Hier kommt Alex	Die Toten Hosen
performer	``I Turned You On'' is a 1969 funk song by The Isley Brothers, released on their T-Neck imprint.	I Turned You On	The Isley Brothers
performer	``Be My Yoko Ono'' is a song by the Canadian musical group Barenaked Ladies.	Be My Yoko Ono	Barenaked Ladies
performer	I Was a Mail Order Bridegroom is the tenth solo album by Australian guitarist and songwriter Ed Kuepper recorded in 1995 and released on the Hot label initially as a mail order only release.	I Was a Mail Order Bridegroom	Ed Kuepper
performer	Nightmares...and Other Tales from the Vinyl Jungle is the sixth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band, released in 1974 (see 1974 in music).	Nightmares...and Other Tales from the Vinyl Jungle	The J. Geils Band
performer	Zerre is the fifth studio album of Replikas, released in November, 2008 with Peyote Music.	Zerre	Replikas
performer	Some People Can Do What They Like is the third solo album by Robert Palmer, released in 1976.	Some People Can Do What They Like	Robert Palmer
performer	World of Sleepers is the second studio album by Swedish ambient duo Carbon Based Lifeforms, released in 2006.	World of Sleepers	Carbon Based Lifeforms
performer	Percussion Bitter Sweet is an album by jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1961, released on Impulse!	Percussion Bitter Sweet	Max Roach
performer	``Wipe Me Down'' is a song by American rapper Foxx, included as a song on the Trill Entertainment compilation album Trill Entertainment Presents:	Wipe Me Down	Foxx
performer	``La Bete et la Belle'' is a song by a French singer Amanda Lear, released in 2011 by Little Boom Records.	La Bete et la Belle	Amanda Lear
performer	``I Still Don't Know Ya'' is the fourth single by pop music Polish group Blog 27, from their 2006 album LOL.	I Still Don't Know Ya	Blog 27
performer	``Streets of Sorrow/Birmingham Six'' is a political song by the Irish folk punk band The Pogues, written by Terry Woods and Shane MacGowan and included on the band's 1988 album If I Should Fall from Grace with God.	Streets of Sorrow/Birmingham Six	The Pogues
performer	Land of the Damned is the debut album by American heavy metal/glam metal band Diamond Rexx.	Land of the Damned	Diamond Rexx
performer	``I Am the Future'' is a 1982 song by rock music musician Alice Cooper.	I Am the Future	Alice Cooper
performer	Will the Wolf Survive is an album by Waylon Jennings, his debut for MCA Records.	Will the Wolf Survive	Waylon Jennings
performer	``Fall into Sleep'' is the fourth single from the Illinois band Mudvayne's third studio album Lost and Found.	Fall into Sleep	Mudvayne
performer	Ola Sto Fos (Everything Brought to Light) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki that was released in 2004.	Ola Sto Fos	Eleftheria Arvanitaki
performer	Hai Hai is the second solo album by ex-Supertramp singer/guitarist/keyboardist Roger Hodgson, released in 1987.	Hai Hai	Roger Hodgson
performer	``How Soon Is Now?'' is a song by the British alternative rock band The Smiths.	How Soon Is Now?	The Smiths
performer	``Nothing But You'' is a single released by Paul van Dyk in association with the group Hemstock & Jennings - Nothing But You is a re-work of their 2002 single ``Arctic''.	Nothing But You	Paul van Dyk
performer	``With Every Beat of My Heart'' is a song by American singer Taylor Dayne, released in October 1989 as the lead single from her second album Can't Fight Fate.	With Every Beat of My Heart	Taylor Dayne
performer	Life in Leipzig is a live album by Norwegian pianist Ketil Bjørnstad and guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label in 2008.	Life in Leipzig	Ketil Bjørnstad
performer	Double Brutal is the second full length album by As I Lay Dying vocalist Tim Lambesis' parody project Austrian Death Machine.	Double Brutal	Austrian Death Machine
performer	Our Circle Is Vicious is the third studio album by the Belgian hardcore punk band Rise and Fall.	Our Circle Is Vicious	Rise and Fall
performer	``You Reign'' is a song written and performed by Christian rock band MercyMe.	You Reign	MercyMe
performer	``Destination Nowhere'' is the second single released by Japanese singer Erika Sawajiri under the alias Erika.	Destination Nowhere	Erika Sawajiri
performer	Days Run Away is the fifth studio album by British alternative rock band The House of Love, released in 2005 on Art & Industry Records.	Days Run Away	The House of Love
performer	Neutronica is the fifteenth studio album (seventeenth overall) by British singer/songwriter Donovan.	Neutronica	Donovan
performer	``You're Something Special to Me'' the title of a song written by David Anthony, and recorded by American country music artist George Strait.	You're Something Special to Me	George Strait
performer	``We're Back!'' is the first track and third single from The Lonely Island's second album Turtleneck & Chain.	We're Back!	The Lonely Island
performer	``Spill the Wine'' is a 1970 song performed by Eric Burdon and War.	Spill the Wine	Eric Burdon	War
performer	Dolbied was a cassette release featuring five untitled noise tracks, two of them collaborations between Vortex Campaign, Coil and The New Blockaders, two of them solely by The New Blockaders and one solely by Vortex Campaign.	Dolbied	Coil
performer	``Päikese poole'' (English: Towards the Sun) is the second single by the Estonian band Urban Symphony.	Päikese poole	Urban Symphony
performer	``21st Century Life'' is the 2nd single from Sam Sparro's eponymous debut album, released on 21 July 2008.	21st Century Life	Sam Sparro
performer	``Regresa a mí'' (Spanish for Return to Me) is a song by Thalía, from her album Arrasando.	Regresa a mí	Thalía
performer	``Let's Groove'' is a song performed by American group Earth, Wind & Fire, taken from their studio album Raise!	Let's Groove	Earth, Wind & Fire
performer	``Johnny Wanna Live'' is a pop song by German singer Sandra.	Johnny Wanna Live	Sandra
performer	In Visible Silence is the second full-length release by avant-garde pop group Art of Noise in April 1986, and the first created by members Anne Dudley, J. J. Jeczalik and Gary Langan in the wake of their departure from the ZTT record label which had been the home of the group's genesis.	In Visible Silence	Art of Noise
performer	The Drip is the 2011 album by Punjabi-American, Southern Rap artist Deep Cold.	The Drip	Deep
performer	Ghosts on Magnetic Tape is the name of the fourth studio album released by British musician, songwriter, and producer Steven Wilson under the pseudonym Bass Communion.	Ghosts on Magnetic Tape	Bass Communion
performer	Tullycraft released the ``1st String Teenage High'' 7`` EP on the German label Little Teddy Recordings in 1996.	1st String Teenage High	Tullycraft
performer	Longterm Mentality is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ab-Soul, released on April 5, 2011, via Top Dawg Entertainment.	Longterm Mentality	Ab-Soul
performer	Black Codes (From the Underground) is a 1985 post-bop jazz album by trumpeter Wynton Marsalis.	Black Codes (From the Underground)	Wynton Marsalis
performer	I'm a UFO in This City is the second studio album by British rock band LostAlone, released on March 5, 2012, in the United Kingdom and on March 4, 2012, as a digital release.	I'm a UFO in This City	LostAlone
performer	For the Lions is a cover album by American Metalcore band Hatebreed.	For the Lions	Hatebreed
performer	``I Had Too Much to Dream (Last Night)'' is a song written by Annette Tucker and Nancie Mantz, which was recorded in late 1966 by the garage rock band, The Electric Prunes.	I Had Too Much to Dream (Last Night)	The Electric Prunes
performer	Seven Days in Sammystown is the third studio album by American new wave band Wall of Voodoo, released in 1985.	Seven Days in Sammystown	Wall of Voodoo
performer	Por esa Puerta is the last studio album by iconic Mexican pop singer Verónica Castro.	Por esa Puerta	Verónica Castro
performer	The Fall of Ideals is the third studio album by metalcore band All That Remains, released on July 11, 2006.	The Fall of Ideals	All That Remains
performer	``Black Sweat'' is a song by Prince that was released as the second single from his 2006 album 3121.	Black Sweat	Prince
performer	Super Taranta! is the fourth album by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello released on the July 10, 2007 on SideOneDummy records.	Super Taranta!	Gogol Bordello
performer	El Miedo a la Libertad is the second studio by Buenos Aires-based electronic neo-tango band Tanghetto, or the third, considering that their side project Hybrid Tango (2004) is in fact part of their official discography, as well as part of their regular live repertoire.	El Miedo a la Libertad	Tanghetto
performer	``Big Girl (You Are Beautiful)'' is the fourth single from the debut album Life in Cartoon Motion of singer Mika.	Big Girl (You Are Beautiful)	Mika
performer	Bent Osol (English: A Good Girl) is the twelfth studio album by Lebanese recording artist Diana Haddad.	Bent Osol	Diana Haddad
performer	Joyous is the third album by Portland, Oregon-based R&B group Pleasure.	Joyous	Pleasure
performer	Close Calls with Brick Walls is the third studio album by American musician Andrew W.K. It was originally released through Universal Records in July 2006 in Japan with an exclusive bonus DVD and in Korea with four exclusive bonus tracks, before finally being released to the rest of the world on CD in 2010.	Close Calls with Brick Walls	Andrew W.K.
performer	``We Are Golden'' is the first single from English singer Mika's second studio album, The Boy Who Knew Too Much.	We Are Golden	Mika
performer	One Crimson Night is a two-disc live album and DVD by Swedish power metal band HammerFall.	One Crimson Night	HammerFall
performer	``Dell'amore non si sa'' is the lead single from Italian pop tenor Andrea Bocelli's 2004 album, Andrea.	Dell'amore non si sa	Andrea Bocelli
performer	Unbehagen is the second studio album by Nina Hagen Band released in 1979 by CBS Records.	Unbehagen	Nina Hagen
performer	Guapa (Pretty) is the fourth studio album released on April 25, 2006, by Spanish Pop rock band La Oreja de Van Gogh.	Guapa	La Oreja de Van Gogh
performer	``Love Is the Knife'' is the third single from Bonnie Tyler's country inspired album, Rocks and Honey (2013).	Love Is the Knife	Bonnie Tyler
performer	Not a Sound is the debut album by the Des Moines, IA band The Nadas.	Not a Sound	The Nadas
performer	Riot on an Empty Street is the second album from Norwegian duo Kings of Convenience.	Riot on an Empty Street	Kings of Convenience
performer	When in Rome 2007 is a live DVD by British rock band Genesis recorded at Circus Maximus, Rome, Italy, on 14 July 2007, during the successful Turn It On Again Tour.	When in Rome 2007	Genesis
performer	Nedmaneh (also romanized as Nadmanah) is Najwa Karam's 11th studio album and one of her best-selling recordings.	Nedmaneh	Najwa Karam
performer	BAYTL is a collaboration album between rappers Gucci Mane and V-Nasty, produced by Zaytoven and Tha Bizness.	BAYTL	Gucci Mane
performer	``Mendocino County Line'' is a song written by Matt Serletic and Bernie Taupin, and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Willie Nelson and Lee Ann Womack.	Mendocino County Line	Willie Nelson	Lee Ann Womack
performer	``Glitter and Trauma'' is a song by Biffy Clyro, which opens their 2004 album, Infinity Land.	Glitter and Trauma	Biffy Clyro
performer	A Map of All Our Failures is the eleventh studio album by English doom metal band My Dying Bride, released on 15 October 2012 via Peaceville Records.	A Map of All Our Failures	My Dying Bride
performer	Avec Laudenum is the fifth studio LP released by Stars of the Lid.	Avec Laudenum	Stars of the Lid
performer	On My Way Here is the fourth full length studio album released by Clay Aiken on May 6, 2008.	On My Way Here	Clay Aiken
performer	``Switch Me On'' is the first single released from Shannon Noll's fourth studio album, A Million Suns (2011).	Switch Me On	Shannon Noll
performer	``Always Right Behind You'' is the first single from the album You Can Do Anything, the album from English rock band The Zutons.	Always Right Behind You	The Zutons
performer	Sventevith (Storming Near the Baltic) is the debut studio album by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.	Sventevith (Storming Near the Baltic)	Behemoth
performer	``Do I Do'' is a song written and performed by Stevie Wonder, first released in 1982 on the album Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I. The single peaked at #2 on the soul chart and peaked at #13 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US.	Do I Do	Stevie Wonder
performer	How Does That Grab You? is Nancy Sinatra's second studio album, released in 1966.	How Does That Grab You?	Nancy Sinatra
performer	``I Wanna Be Sedated'' is a song by the American punk rock band the Ramones.	I Wanna Be Sedated	Ramones
performer	Wintereich is the third studio album by Finnish melodic death metal band Immortal Souls.	Wintereich	Immortal Souls
performer	Perfume and Piss is the eleventh studio album released by the punk rock band Charged GBH.	Perfume and Piss	Charged GBH
performer	Coliseum Rock is the fourth and final studio album by the American hard rock band Starz.	Coliseum Rock	Starz
performer	``Lonely Ol' Night'' is a rock song written and performed by singer-songwriter John Mellencamp.	Lonely Ol' Night	John Mellencamp
performer	Sings Kristofferson is a studio album recorded by Willie Nelson in 1979 consisting of all covers of Kris Kristofferson songs.	Sings Kristofferson	Willie Nelson
performer	The Shaming of the True is a rock opera by Kevin Gilbert.	The Shaming of the True	Kevin Gilbert
performer	I Thought It Was You is the second studio album released by American country music singer Doug Stone, released in 1991.	I Thought It Was You	Doug Stone
performer	Redeemer of Souls is the seventeenth studio album by the heavy metal band Judas Priest, which was released on 8 July 2014.	Redeemer of Souls	Judas Priest
performer	Elefant Mixtape is an EP by Latin hip hop artist Ana Tijoux, released February 2011 on her website.	Elefant Mixtape	Ana Tijoux
performer	Go Chuck Yourself (released as Happy Live Surprise in Japan due to controversy at the time) is a live album by Sum 41 recorded in London, Ontario in April 2005.	Go Chuck Yourself	Sum 41
performer	Light Blue Sun is the second album by violinist/vocalist Lili Haydn.	Light Blue Sun	Lili Haydn
performer	Silence Is Sexy is the eighth full-length studio album from the German experimental band Einstürzende Neubauten and was released in 2000.	Silence Is Sexy	Einstürzende Neubauten
performer	Paper Crown is the second solo album by Nine Black Alps front-man Sam Forrest, released December 28, 2009 on Desert Mine Music.	Paper Crown	Sam Forrest
performer	``Dream Catch Me'' is a song written by Crispin Hunt, Newton Faulkner and Gordon Mills, produced by Mike Spencer and performed by Faulkner.	Dream Catch Me	Newton Faulkner
performer	Big Metal Birds is the debut album by American noise rock band Janitor Joe.	Big Metal Birds	Janitor Joe
performer	Hvis lyset tar oss (Norwegian for If the Light Takes Us) is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal solo project Burzum.	Hvis lyset tar oss	Burzum
performer	Lipservice is the seventh studio album released by the hard rock band Gotthard.	Lipservice	Gotthard
performer	``Feels Good (Don't Worry Bout a Thing)'' was the only single released from Naughty by Nature's sixth album, IIcons.	Feels Good (Don't Worry Bout a Thing)	Naughty by Nature
performer	Palo Congo is the first album by conguero Sabu Martinez.	Palo Congo	Sabu Martinez
performer	Find Candace is a 2003 breakcore EP by Venetian Snares.	Find Candace	Venetian Snares
performer	``This Is for the Lover in You'' is a song written by Howard Hewett, member of the trio Shalamar, and songwriter Dana Myers.	This Is for the Lover in You	Shalamar
performer	``Wid Out Ya'' is the third single by pop music Polish group Blog 27, from its 2006 album LOL.	Wid Out Ya	Blog 27
performer	``Don't Say Goodbye Girl'' is the fourth single to be released from R&B singer Tevin Campbell's second album I'm Ready.	Don't Say Goodbye Girl	Tevin Campbell
performer	All Things Must Pass is a triple album by English musician George Harrison.	All Things Must Pass	George Harrison
performer	Flagman Ahead is the fifth album by the acid jazz band Tab Two.	Flagman Ahead	Tab Two
performer	What's Really Going On!?! is an album by Assorted Jelly Beans, released in 1998.	What's Really Going On	Assorted Jelly Beans
performer	The Ten Shades of Blues is the fifth solo studio album by Cameroonian jazz bassist and musician Richard Bona.	The Ten Shades of Blues	Richard Bona
performer	``My Coo Ca Choo'' is the first successful release for Alvin Stardust, reaching number two in the UK Singles Chart in December 1973.	My Coo Ca Choo	Alvin Stardust
performer	Gutter Rainbows is the fourth studio album by American hip hop artist Talib Kweli.	Gutter Rainbows	Talib Kweli
performer	Tales of a Traveler is a 1999 album by American Alt country group Blue Mountain.	Tales of a Traveler	Blue Mountain
performer	Truthless Heroes is the third album released by the U.S. post-hardcore band Project 86.	Truthless Heroes	Project 86
performer	Public Cowboy is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky on October 22, 1996.	Public Cowboy	Riders in the Sky
performer	``We Exist'' is a song by Canadian alternative rock band Arcade Fire from their fourth studio album, Reflektor (2013).	We Exist	Arcade Fire
performer	Rock It to the Moon is the debut album by English rock group Electrelane.	Rock It to the Moon	Electrelane
performer	``Eagles Fly'' is a song written and performed by Sammy Hagar from his album I Never Said Goodbye.	Eagles Fly	Sammy Hagar
performer	The Secrets of the Black Arts is the debut album by Dark Funeral, released on January 28, 1996, by No Fashion Records.	The Secrets of the Black Arts	Dark Funeral
performer	``Miami 2 Ibiza'' is the second and final single from Swedish House Mafia's debut studio album, Until One, featuring British rapper Tinie Tempah.	Miami 2 Ibiza	Swedish House Mafia	Tinie Tempah
performer	Feeling Good Is Good Enough is a 2005 ASG album.	Feeling Good Is Good Enough	ASG
performer	``The September of My Years'' is a song composed in 1965 by Jimmy Van Heusen, with lyrics by Sammy Cahn, and introduced by Frank Sinatra as the title track of his 1965 album of the same name.	The September of My Years	Frank Sinatra
performer	My Name Is Jermaine is the third solo album from Jermaine Jackson and the first post-Jackson 5 album from him.	My Name Is Jermaine	Jermaine Jackson
performer	Gettin' with It is the seventh album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1959 and originally released on the New Jazz label.	Gettin' with It	Benny Golson
performer	You've Passed/Where You'll Find Me Now is the third single by American psych folk band Neutral Milk Hotel, released as part of their Walking Wall of Words compilation package on December 12, 2011.	You've Passed/Where You'll Find Me Now	Neutral Milk Hotel
performer	Don't It Drag On is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither, released in 1972.	Don't It Drag On	Chris Smither
performer	Premiers Symptômes (English: First Symptoms) is the debut EP by French music duo Air.	Premiers Symptômes	Air
performer	``Mr. Blue Sky'' is a song by British rock group Electric Light Orchestra (ELO), featured on the band's seventh studio album Out of the Blue (1977).	Mr. Blue Sky	Electric Light Orchestra
performer	Torcha! is the third studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.	Torcha!	Waltari
performer	Ravishing Grimness is the seventh studio album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone.	Ravishing Grimness	Darkthrone
performer	Flight of the Knife is the second album from the Brooklyn area indie rock artist Bryan Scary and the Shredding Tears.	Flight of the Knife	Bryan Scary
performer	``Oh Yeah (Work)'' is the third single from American rapper Lil Scrappy's second album Bred 2 Die Born 2 Live.	Oh Yeah (Work)	Lil Scrappy
performer	``R.A.M.O.N.E.S.'' is a song first recorded by the British rock band Motörhead on their 1991 album 1916 as a tribute to their friends and contemporaries, the Ramones.	R.A.M.O.N.E.S.	Motörhead
performer	Pure Smokey is Smokey Robinson's second post-Miracles album, released in 1974.	Pure Smokey	Smokey Robinson
performer	``El Reloj Cucú'' (English: The Cuckoo Clock) is the third and last radio single and the fourth track from Maná's fourth studio album, Cuando los Ángeles Lloran in 1995.	El Reloj Cucú	Maná
performer	``Sexy (Is the Word)'' is a pop song recorded by Australian Artist, Melissa (Tkautz).	Sexy (Is the Word)	Melissa (Tkautz
performer	``Don't Shed a Tear'' is a song by English singer-musician, Paul Carrack, from his third solo album, One Good Reason.	Don't Shed a Tear	Paul Carrack
performer	Carmine Falcone appears in Batman Begins played by Tom Wilkinson.	Carmine Falcone	Tom Wilkinson
performer	``Love and Marriage'' was introduced by Frank Sinatra in the 1955 television production of Thornton Wilder's Our Town that aired on Producers' Showcase.	Love and Marriage	Frank Sinatra
performer	Commoners Crown is an album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span, its seventh release overall and the second album with the band's most commercially successful line-up.	Commoners Crown	Steeleye Span
performer	``Eyesight to the Blind'' is a 12-bar blues song originally written and recorded in 1951 by Sonny Boy Williamson II (Aleck ``Rice'' Miller), and subsequently recorded by many other musicians including The Who as part of the rock opera Tommy.	Eyesight to the Blind	Sonny Boy Williamson II
performer	Odd Fellows Rest is the fifth album by American sludge metal band Crowbar, which was released on July 7, 1998 via Mayhem Records and August 24, 1999 via Spitfire Records featured with a bonus track.	Odd Fellows Rest	Crowbar
performer	``The Ballad of Go Go Brown'' is synthpop trio Heaven 17's first single of 1988 from the album Teddy Bear, Duke & Psycho.	The Ballad of Go Go Brown	Heaven 17
performer	``Brown Skin'' is the second single released by American soul and R&B singer-songwriter India.Arie from her debut studio album Acoustic Soul on September 18, 2001.	Brown Skin	India.Arie
performer	I Want It is the debut single released by Chanelle Hayes.	I Want It	Chanelle Hayes
performer	Live Fast, Love Hard, Die Young was Faron Young's first number one song and his fifth consecutive top ten hit.	Live Fast, Love Hard, Die Young	Faron Young
performer	``La Vie en rose'' (French pronunciation: ​(la vi ɑ̃ ʁoz)) was the signature song of French popular singer Édith Piaf, written in 1945, popularized in 1946, and released as a single in 1947.	La Vie en rose	Édith Piaf
performer	In a Temple Garden is an album by American multi-instrumentalist and composer Yusef Lateef recorded in 1979 and released on the CTI label.	In a Temple Garden	Yusef Lateef
performer	Millions Now Living Will Never Die is the second album by the Chicago-based band Tortoise.	Millions Now Living Will Never Die	Tortoise
performer	Shadowlife is the sixth studio album by the American heavy metal band Dokken, released in 1997.	Shadowlife	Dokken
performer	``Come and Get with Me'' was the lead single from Keith Sweat's sixth studio album, Still in the Game.	Come and Get with Me	Keith Sweat
performer	24 Hour Revenge Therapy is the third album by the American punk band Jawbreaker, released on Tupelo Recording Company and Communion Records in 1994.	24 Hour Revenge Therapy	Jawbreaker
performer	Honor Found in Decay is the tenth studio album from the Oakland, California band Neurosis, released on October 30, 2012 in North America.	Honor Found in Decay	Neurosis
performer	The Platinum Collection (Sounds of Summer Edition) is a three-disc greatest hits album by American rock band The Beach Boys, released in December 2005 by EMI.	The Platinum Collection (Sounds of Summer Edition)	The Beach Boys
performer	Our Cubehouse Still Rocks is the 4th album by the Boston Spaceships, released in 2010.	Our Cubehouse Still Rocks	Boston Spaceships
performer	Songs for a Hurricane is an album by singer/songwriter Kris Delmhorst, released in 2003.	Songs for a Hurricane	Kris Delmhorst
performer	Rage Valley is the second EP by the Australian electro house duo Knife Party.	Rage Valley	Knife Party
performer	``Space They Cannot Touch'' is the third single to be taken from Kate Miller-Heidke's debut album Little Eve.	Space They Cannot Touch	Kate Miller-Heidke
performer	Song for Everyone is an album by Indian violinist L. Shankar, featuring Jan Garbarek, Zakir Hussain and Trilok Gurtu.	Song for Everyone	L. Shankar
performer	I Want You to Know That There Is Always Hope is the only album by British indie rock band I Was a Cub Scout and was released on 18 February 2008.	I Want You to Know That There Is Always Hope	I Was a Cub Scout
performer	Believed is the third album by American pop singer-songwriter, actor Jamie Walters with his band, Elco.	Believed	Jamie Walters
performer	The Sound of Spring is an album of compositions related to springtime by Ramsey Lewis' Trio featuring tracks recorded in 1962 and released on the Argo label.	The Sound of Spring	Ramsey Lewis
performer	This Is the Sea, released in September 1985, is the third The Waterboys album, and the last of their ``Big Music'' albums.	This Is the Sea	The Waterboys
performer	``Girl Talk/The Speed Star'' is a double a-side by Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro from her seventh studio album Queen of Hip-Pop (2005).	Girl Talk/The Speed Star	Namie Amuro
performer	Fashion Nugget is the second studio album by Cake, an alternative rock band from Sacramento, California.	Fashion Nugget	Cake
performer	Antichristian Phenomenon is the third EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.	Antichristian Phenomenon	Behemoth
performer	``Real and True'' is a song written and performed by American rapper Future, American singer Miley Cyrus, and English singer Mr Hudson.	Real and True	Future
performer	``Małe rzeczy'' (eng. Little Things) is the first single from Sylwia Grzeszczak debut album Sen o przyszłości, released on 17 June 2011.	Małe rzeczy	Sylwia Grzeszczak
performer	``Next Is the E'' is a song by American electronica musician Moby, released as the third single from his self-titled debut album.	Next Is the E	Moby
performer	Skull Orchard is the debut solo album by Jon Langford, recorded in August 1997 and released on January 20, 1998 by Sugar Free Records, a Chicago-based label.	Skull Orchard	Jon Langford
performer	Baekajeolhyeon (Hangul: 백아절현; hanja: 伯牙絶絃) is the fifth album by South Korean hip-hop duo Leessang.	Baekajeolhyeon	Leessang
performer	Ecobondage is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow, it uses ``handmade thin metal precussion, with an emphasis on scratched metal noises''.	Ecobondage	Merzbow
performer	Flying Towards the New Horizon is the second full-length album by Beto Vázquez Infinity, released 24 October 2006.	Flying Towards the New Horizon	Beto Vázquez Infinity
performer	Monkey on Your Back is a single by the Canadian rock musician, Aldo Nova.	Monkey on Your Back	Aldo Nova
performer	Dubber Side of the Moon is the second dub reggae tribute to the Pink Floyd album, The Dark Side of the Moon, by New York-based band Easy Star All-Stars.	Dubber Side of the Moon	Easy Star All-Stars
performer	Later, Mike Love and Brian Wilson would overdub this version with a self-deprecating monologue satirizing the song, with Love calling ``Heroes and Villains'' a ``nuclear disaster'' and that ``being basically masochists, (The Beach Boys) kind of enjoyed having this record bomb.''	Heroes and Villains	The Beach Boys
performer	``Kaelakee hääl'' (``Voice of the necklace'') is a song performed by Maarja-Liis Ilus and Ivo Linna that represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996.	Kaelakee hääl	Ivo Linna
performer	Pateando piedras (Spanish for Kicking stones) is the second album by Chilean rock band Los Prisioneros.	Pateando piedras	Los Prisioneros
performer	Dig This! is an album by American jazz flautist Bobbi Humphrey recorded in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label.	Dig This!	Bobbi Humphrey
performer	From Mighty Oaks is the first solo album by Moody Blues flautist Ray Thomas together with Nicky James, Trevor Jones, Dave Potts, John Jones and Mike Moran.	From Mighty Oaks	Ray Thomas
performer	``Dans la main d'un magicien'' (meaning ``In the Hand of a Magic Man'') is Celine Dion's first single from the movie soundtrack Opération beurre de pinottes.	Dans la main d'un magicien	Celine Dion
performer	Godsville is a collaborative album between MC KRS-One and Show, from Showbiz and A.G..	Godsville	KRS-One
performer	Sparvöga is a 1989 single by Swedish artist Marie Fredriksson, known internationally from the duo Roxette.	Sparvöga	Marie Fredriksson
performer	Amateur Night in the Big Top is the first official solo album by Shaun Ryder, of Happy Mondays and Black Grape.	Amateur Night in the Big Top	Shaun Ryder
performer	``El Chico del Apartamento 512'' (``The Boy from Apartment 512'') is a song by Mexican American Tejano pop singer Selena.	El Chico del Apartamento 512	Selena
performer	Like Shadows is the second studio album by the American screamo band Ampere.	Like Shadows	Ampere
performer	``Love Isn't Easy (But It Sure Is Hard Enough)'' is a country-rock song recorded by Swedish pop group ABBA.	Love Isn't Easy (But It Sure Is Hard Enough)	ABBA
performer	Last Chorus is a posthumous album by American jazz saxophonist Ernie Henry featuring tracks recorded in 1956 and 1957 for the Riverside label.	Last Chorus	Ernie Henry
performer	``Just a Day'' is a song by Feeder, released as the band's final single of 2001, notable for being their last with drummer Jon Lee.	Just a Day	Feeder
performer	``Dansez'' is a single by Jessy Matador, from his second album Electro Soukouss.	Dansez	Jessy Matador
performer	Tales to Warm Your Mind is a 1969 album by the music group The Irish Rovers.	Tales to Warm Your Mind	The Irish Rovers
performer	The Power and the Glory Hole is an album by Faster Pussycat released on July 13, 2006, by Full Effect Records.	The Power and the Glory Hole	Faster Pussycat
performer	Will Be Will Be is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Brigade, released May 31, 2011 on Homespun Records, and through Pledgemusic.	Will Be Will Be	Brigade
performer	``Nowhere to Run, Nowhere to Hide'' was the second single released from the Gravediggaz' debut album, 6 Feet Deep.	Nowhere to Run, Nowhere to Hide	Gravediggaz
performer	To Welcome the Fade is the fourth full-length studio album released by the American death-doom band Novembers Doom in 2002.	To Welcome the Fade	Novembers Doom
performer	``Love Is a Bourgeois Construct'' is the third single from the Pet Shop Boys album Electric, released on 1 September 2013 as a digital download and on 30 September on CD.	Love Is a Bourgeois Construct	Pet Shop Boys
performer	Ssssh is the third studio album by blues rock band Ten Years After, released in 1969.	Ssssh	Ten Years After
performer	Big Eye Little Eye is the second studio album of the Canadian rock group The Golden Dogs.	Big Eye Little Eye	The Golden Dogs
performer	Space Shanty is the debut and only album by the short-lived Canterbury scene band Khan.	Space Shanty	Khan
performer	``Moscow Never Sleeps'' (Russian: Москва никогда не спит) is a song recorded by Russian electronic musician DJ Smash.	Moscow Never Sleeps	DJ Smash
performer	``Don't Hold Your Breath'' is a song recorded by American singer Nicole Scherzinger for her debut studio album, Killer Love (2011).	Don't Hold Your Breath	Nicole Scherzinger
performer	``Flow On (New Symphony)'' is the fifth and final single released from the Lords of the Underground's debut album, Here Come the Lords.	Flow On	Lords of the Underground
performer	``I'm Not Giving You Up'' is a song by Gloria Estefan, released as her third single from her seventh studio album Destiny.	I'm Not Giving You Up	Gloria Estefan
performer	``Gangsta Bitch'' was the debut single released from Apache's debut album, Apache Ain't Shit.	Gangsta Bitch	Apache
performer	Kamakiriad is the second solo album by Steely Dan singer Donald Fagen, released in 1993.	Kamakiriad	Donald Fagen
performer	``Tidal Wave of Blood'' by David J (Bauhaus, Love And Rockets) and Shok (Zeitmahl, Red Light District) is a limited release single that came out in November 2010.	Tidal Wave of Blood	David J
performer	One World One Love is an album by Michael Bolton, with collaborations by Tami Chynn, Ne-Yo and Lady Gaga.	One World One Love	Michael Bolton
performer	The Solo Sessions, Vol. 1 is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans, released in 1989.	The Solo Sessions, Vol. 1	Bill Evans
performer	The Power Within is the fifth full-length album by the English power metal band DragonForce, released in April 2012, worldwide in different dates.	The Power Within	DragonForce
performer	La vita è is the sixth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Nek.	La vita è	Nek
performer	Ajaana UDonto bostu ba Aw-Oo-Baw (Bengali: অজানা উড়ন্ত বস্তু বা আ-উ-ব) (Unidentified Flying Object or UFO) was the second album of the Bengali band Moheener Ghoraguli.	Ajaana UDonto bostu ba Aw-Oo-Baw	Moheener Ghoraguli
performer	The Sun Shines Brighter is the second studio album from English band Ultra, released in October 2006, seven years after their debut album Ultra.	The Sun Shines Brighter	Ultra
performer	Orig (stylize as ORIG and short for ``Original'') is the ninth album of singer/songwriter/actor/host Janno Gibbs.	Orig	Janno Gibbs
performer	Dizzy Goes Hollywood is a 1964 studio album by Dizzy Gillespie and his quintet, featuring the saxophonist James Moody.	Dizzy Goes Hollywood	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	The Minstrel Show is the second studio album by hip hop trio, Little Brother.	The Minstrel Show	Little Brother
performer	Live at Montreux 2010 is a live album and Blu-ray/DVD by the Northern Irish, blues rock guitarist and singer, Gary Moore.	Live at Montreux 2010	Gary Moore
performer	``The Morning After Baby Let Me Down'' is a song written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Ray Griff.	The Morning After Baby Let Me Down	Ray Griff
performer	``I'm Not Supposed to Love You Anymore'' is a song co-written by Skip Ewing and Donny Kees, and performed by American country music singer Bryan White.	I'm Not Supposed to Love You Anymore	Bryan White
performer	Die Chinesische Mauer is Michael Cretu's third solo album and it was released in 1985.	Die Chinesische Mauer	Michael Cretu
performer	Black Tangerine (黑色柳丁) is the third studio album by Taiwanese singer-songwriter David Tao, released August 9, 2002.	Black Tangerine	David Tao
performer	Born on the Wrong Planet is the 1996 debut album of The String Cheese Incident.	Born on the Wrong Planet	The String Cheese Incident
performer	``Girl U Want'' is a 1980 single by the American new wave band Devo.	Girl U Want	Devo
performer	``Sunshine & the Rain'' is a song by American singer Joi, released in 1994.	Sunshine & the Rain	Joi
performer	``Easily Affected'' is a 'Single Only' release from Melissa Tkautz.	Easily Affected	Melissa Tkautz
performer	``Bear Hug'' is the debut single by British musical duo The 2 Bears.	Bear Hug	The 2 Bears
performer	Blueprint for a Sunrise is a concept album of experimental feminist rock by Yoko Ono.	Blueprint for a Sunrise	Yoko Ono
performer	``Sunshowers'' is a song by British musician M.I.A. from her critically acclaimed debut album Arular.	Sunshowers	M.I.A.
performer	Psychocandy is the debut studio album by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain.	Psychocandy	The Jesus and Mary Chain
performer	Dead Gone is the first full-length album by band Winnebago Deal.	Dead Gone	Winnebago Deal
performer	All Shook Down is the seventh and final studio album by the band The Replacements, released on September 25, 1990.	All Shook Down	The Replacements
performer	Treat Me Right is the first album released by Florida bluesman Eric Sardinas.	Treat Me Right	Eric Sardinas
performer	Chippin' Away is the fifth studio album of American country music singer Kevin Fowler.	Chippin' Away	Kevin Fowler
performer	Vobiscum Satanas (Latin for ``May Satan Be with You'') is Dark Funeral's second full-length album.	Vobiscum Satanas	Dark Funeral
performer	``Jesus Christ Pose'' is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden, released in 1991 as the first single from the band's third studio album, Badmotorfinger (1991).	Jesus Christ Pose	Soundgarden
performer	``Cash Machine'' is the debut single by English indie rock band Hard-Fi, taken from their debut album Stars of CCTV.	Cash Machine	Hard-Fi
performer	``Baby Grand'' is the fourth and final single released off Billy Joel's album The Bridge.	Baby Grand	Billy Joel
performer	Solitude, Dominance, Tragedy is the second album by Swedish progressive metal band Evergrey.	Solitude, Dominance, Tragedy	Evergrey
performer	Compulsive Disclosure is the second compilation album by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.	Compulsive Disclosure	Pinhead Gunpowder
performer	Blue Planet Man is a 1993 album by organist Big John Patton which features John Zorn and was originally released on King Records/Paddle Wheel Records in Japan in 1993 and subsequently released in the USA on Evidence Records in 1997..	Blue Planet Man	John Patton
performer	Trans Misja is the fourth studio album by Polish pop/dance singer Reni Jusis.	Trans Misja	Reni Jusis
performer	My Name Is Barbra is the first of two studio album tie-ins to Barbra Streisand's Emmy Award-winning CBS debut My Name Is Barbra television special, which aired on April 28, 1965, directed and choreographed by Joe Layton.	My Name Is Barbra	Barbra Streisand
performer	Kerouac's Last Dream is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott, released in 1981.	Kerouac's Last Dream	Ramblin' Jack Elliott
performer	Killing Ground is the fifteenth full-length studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).	Killing Ground	Saxon
performer	``Everybody's Got to Learn Sometime'' is a hit ballad single written by James Warren and first performed by the pop band The Korgis, of which Warren was lead singer.	Everybody's Got to Learn Sometime	The Korgis
performer	``Bob Dylan Blues'' is a song written in 1965 by Syd Barrett, the founder of Pink Floyd.	Bob Dylan Blues	Syd Barrett
performer	``Next Plane Home'' is the sixth single by the Canadian Grammy Award-nominated recording artist, singer-songwriter and pianist, Daniel Powter.	Next Plane Home	Daniel Powter
performer	``Der Regen fällt'' (German for The Rain falls) is a song by German singer LaFee.	Der Regen fällt	LaFee
performer	``Kissin' the Wind'' is a pop song written by Meredith Brooks, Shelly Peiken and Taylor Rhodes, produced by Craig Porteils for Michala Banas debut single.	Kissin' the Wind	Michala Banas
performer	Ire Works is the third studio album by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan.	Ire Works	The Dillinger Escape Plan
performer	Rain on the Window is an album by English saxophonist John Surman with organist Howard Moody recorded in 2006 and released on the ECM label.	Rain on the Window	John Surman
performer	Bodega Bohemia is the fourth studio album by German synthpop band Camouflage, released in April 26, 1993 by Metronome Musik.	Bodega Bohemia	Camouflage
performer	That's What is one of the more idiosyncratic releases by solo steel-string guitar artist Leo Kottke.	That's What	Leo Kottke
performer	The 20/20 Experience is the third studio album by American singer and songwriter Justin Timberlake.	The 20/20 Experience	Justin Timberlake
performer	``A Drug Against War'' is a song by industrial rock band KMFDM, taken from their 1993 album Angst.	A Drug Against War	KMFDM
performer	``Just Git It Together'' is a song recorded by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam from their 1989 album Straight to the Sky featuring Ex Girlfriend on background vocals.	Just Git It Together	Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam
performer	Things Shaped in Passing is the third studio album from Ohio post-rock band The Six Parts Seven.	Things Shaped in Passing	The Six Parts Seven
performer	``Eastside LB'' was the second single released by the Twinz from their debut album, Conversation.	Eastside LB	Twinz
performer	``Din Daa Daa'' (also released as ``Trommeltanz (Din Daa Daa)'' or as ``Din Daa Daa (Trommeltanz)'') is a song written and performed by Berliner musician George Kranz, released as a single in 1983.	Din Daa Daa	George Kranz
performer	The Apopcalyptic Manifesto is a compilation album by Norwegian futurepop group Apoptygma Berzerk.	The Apopcalyptic Manifesto	Apoptygma Berzerk
performer	Let Us Prey is the fourth studio album by English doom metal band Electric Wizard.	Let Us Prey	Electric Wizard
performer	Rolling Stone's Kris Ex wrote: ``''Far be it from me to question Allah's wisdom,`` he (Jay Z) rhymes on the Mariah Carey-assisted, Swizz Beatz-produced ''Things That U Do.	Things That U Do	Jay Z
performer	``If You Think You're Lonely Now'' is a song recorded and released as a single by American soul singer-songwriter Bobby Womack in 1982.	If You Think You're Lonely Now	Bobby Womack
performer	Night and Dream is a small jazz combo album recorded by pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi in 1994 and released by Nippon Crown Records.	Night and Dream	Toshiko Akiyoshi
performer	``Let There Be More Light'' is the opening track on Pink Floyd's second album A Saucerful of Secrets.	Let There Be More Light	Pink Floyd
performer	Don't Miss the Train is the second full length album released by punk band No Use for a Name.	Don't Miss the Train	No Use for a Name
performer	``Same Direction'' is the third single from Hoobastank's second major studio album The Reason.	Same Direction	Hoobastank
performer	Where Have All the Merrymakers Gone? (styled Where have all the merrymakers gone?) is Harvey Danger's first full album.	Where Have All the Merrymakers Gone?	Harvey Danger
performer	``Object of My Desire'' is a song recorded by American group Starpoint from the album Restless.	Object of My Desire	Starpoint
performer	Hillbilly Hit Parade is a compilation album featuring American country music artist George Jones and other country music artists from the Starday record label, including Leon Payne and Jeanette Hicks.	Hillbilly Hit Parade	George Jones
performer	``Ching Ching'' is the second single by rap artist Ms. Jade.	Ching Ching	Ms. Jade
performer	D'lectrified is a 1999 (see 1999 in music) album by country singer Clint Black.	D'lectrified	Clint Black
performer	Otro Nivel De Música is the third studio album released by reggaetón artist J Alvarez on September 20, 2011 through Universal Music Latino.	Otro Nivel De Música	J Alvarez
performer	Who's Last is the second live album by British band rock The Who, recorded in 1982 during what was then billed as the band's ``farewell tour''.	Who's Last	The Who
performer	Windows in the Jungle is the ninth studio album by British pop band 10cc.	Windows in the Jungle	10cc
performer	Tall Dark Hill was the final album by indie rock band Wolfie.	Tall Dark Hill	Wolfie
performer	``Na Na Na Na'' was the first single from 112's 2003 album, Hot & Wet.	Na Na Na Na	112
performer	Praise Ye Jah is Jamaican reggae singer Sizzla's third studio album.	Praise Ye Jah	Sizzla
performer	At World's Edge is the ninth album by jazz keyboardist Philippe Saisse.	At World's Edge	Philippe Saisse
performer	Caught You is a roots reggae album released by Steel Pulse in 1980.	Caught You	Steel Pulse
performer	Total World Domination is the fourth full-length studio album by the New York crossover thrash band, Sworn Enemy.	Total World Domination	Sworn Enemy
performer	Torch the Moon is the fifth studio album by Australian band The Whitlams, released by Black Yak through Warner in 2002.	Torch the Moon	The Whitlams
performer	``A Beautiful Morning'' is a song written by Felix Cavaliere and Eddie Brigati and recorded by The Rascals.	A Beautiful Morning	The Rascals
performer	The Anal Staircase is a 12`` single by the British group Coil, released in 1986.	The Anal Staircase	Coil
performer	I Lived to Tell It All is an album by country music artist George Jones, released on August 13, 1996 on the MCA Nashville Records label.	I Lived to Tell It All	George Jones
performer	Exposion is the title of White Denim's first full length U.S. studio album.	Exposion	White Denim
performer	Now We Can See is the fourth album from the Portland-based indie rock band The Thermals.	Now We Can See	The Thermals
performer	``She's My Man'' is a song by the Scissor Sisters, released on 5 March 2007 as the third single from their second studio album Ta-Dah.	She's My Man	Scissor Sisters
performer	The Darker Instinct is the third album by the Swedish rock band Takida.	The Darker Instinct	Takida
performer	Fluxedo is the second album by dobro player Jerry Douglas, released in 1982 (see 1982 in music).	Fluxedo	Jerry Douglas
performer	The P.C. Blues is an album by pianist Red Garland featuring tracks recorded in 1957 at the sessions that produced Red Garland's Piano and Groovy (with one track from Miles Davis' 1956 album Workin' with The Miles Davis Quintet added) which were first released on the Prestige label until 1970.	The P.C. Blues	Red Garland
performer	``She's a Fool'' is a song written by Mark Barkan and Ben Raleigh that was originally recorded by Lesley Gore in 1963.	She's a Fool	Lesley Gore
performer	Saturdays in Silesia was a 1982 single from Rational Youth, a Canadian new wave band.	Saturdays in Silesia	Rational Youth
performer	Dopethrone is the third studio album by English doom metal band Electric Wizard.	Dopethrone	Electric Wizard
performer	Calypso in Brass is an album by Harry Belafonte, released by RCA Victor (LPM-3658 and LSP-3658) in 1966.	Calypso in Brass	Harry Belafonte
performer	``I Won't Need You Anymore (Always and Forever)'' is a song written by Max D. Barnes and Troy Seals, and first recorded by American country music artist George Jones on his 1981 album Still the Same Ole Me, and later recorded by American country music artist Randy Travis.	I Won't Need You Anymore (Always and Forever)	Randy Travis
performer	Wig! is an album by American singer-songwriter Peter Case, released in 2010.	Wig!	Peter Case
performer	Search for the New Land is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan.	Search for the New Land	Lee Morgan
performer	``Whenever You're Around'' is a song by American R&B singer/actress Jill Scott.	Whenever You're Around	Jill Scott
performer	Royaye Ma (Persian: رویای ما‎‎, A Dream), is a single by Iranian singers, Ebi and Shadmehr, released in 2012.	Royaye Ma	Ebi
performer	``Get Up (Rattle)'' is a song by Dutch dance & house DJ and production duo Bingo Players, featuring vocals from Asian-American hip hop quartet Far East Movement.	Get Up (Rattle)	Bingo Players	Far East Movement
performer	``Tiny Dancer'' is a 1971 song by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin.	Tiny Dancer	Elton John
performer	Dive Deep is the sixth studio album by the British band Morcheeba, released on 4 February 2008 in the United Kingdom.	Dive Deep	Morcheeba
performer	Falling in Between is the 12th studio album (though counted as the 13th album overall - see Toto XIV) by American rock band, Toto.	Falling in Between	Toto
performer	``Head Crusher'' is the first single from American heavy metal band Megadeth's twelfth studio album, titled Endgame, which was released on September 15, 2009.	Head Crusher	Megadeth
performer	Jaio.Musika.Hil is the fifth studio album by Basque alternative rock band Berri Txarrak and the first one as a power trio without the guitar player Aitor Ojea as a member of the band.	Jaio.Musika.Hil	Berri Txarrak
performer	A Matter of Attitude is the second album by Danish heavy metal band Fate, released in 1986.	A Matter of Attitude	Fate
performer	Desert Pirate is Thomas Leeb's fourth available release and features 10 instrumentals.	Desert Pirate	Thomas Leeb
performer	The Good Son vs. The Only Daughter (The Blemish Remixes) is a remix album by David Sylvian featuring his previous album Blemish.	The Good Son vs. The Only Daughter	David Sylvian
performer	MTV Hard Rock Live is a live album by Canadian pop punk band Simple Plan.	MTV Hard Rock Live	Simple Plan
performer	Shocking Loud Voice is an album by Japanese band Dazzle Vision.	Shocking Loud Voice	Dazzle Vision
performer	Gravity Gets Things Done is the third album by Bellingham, Washington indie rock band The Pale Pacific (formerly The Pale).	Gravity Gets Things Done	The Pale Pacific
performer	``Crazy People Rock'' is Scott Cain's second single.	Crazy People Rock	Scott Cain
performer	Two Hands Clapping is 2002 album by reggae singer Snow.	Two Hands Clapping	Snow
performer	Birth of a Cynic is the first independent release of post-grunge rock band 8stops7.	Birth of a Cynic	8stops7
performer	``Up Out My Face'' is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her twelfth studio album, Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel (2009).	Up Out My Face	Mariah Carey
performer	Roentgen Stories is a DVD collective of four promotional videos (PVs) by popular Japanese rock vocalist Hyde.	Roentgen Stories	Hyde
performer	The Greatest Hits Collection II is the second compilation album by country music duo Brooks & Dunn.	The Greatest Hits Collection II	Brooks & Dunn
performer	``Temptation Waits'' is a 1998 alternative rock song performed by the band Garbage and is featured in their second studio album Version 2.0 as the opening song.	Temptation Waits	Garbage
performer	The Generous Mr. Lovewell is the sixth studio album by Christian rock band MercyMe.	The Generous Mr. Lovewell	MercyMe
performer	``Got 2 Be Down'' is the fourth and final single from Robin Thicke's second studio album The Evolution of Robin Thicke.	Got 2 Be Down	Robin Thicke
performer	First Message is the debut album from Japanese singer, Ayaka.	First Message	Ayaka
performer	``Bury You with Satan'' is a song by American rapper Necro, released in 2001.	Bury You with Satan	Necro
performer	Count Olaf was portrayed by actor Jim Carrey in the film adaptation of the first three books, Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events.	Count Olaf	Jim Carrey
performer	2 Zero 0-0 is a 1999 album by the Junkanoo band Baha Men.	2 Zero 0-0	Baha Men
performer	Croonin' is a studio album by Canadian Country vocalist Anne Murray.	Croonin'	Anne Murray
performer	``Maldòn'' is a 1989 song recorded by the Guadelupian group Zouk Machine.	Maldòn	Zouk Machine
performer	A Girl Called Dusty is the debut album by British singer Dusty Springfield.	A Girl Called Dusty	Dusty Springfield
performer	Fog on the Tyne is a 1971 album by English rock band Lindisfarne.	Fog on the Tyne	Lindisfarne
performer	Gourmandises (English: Delicacies) is the debut studio album by French recording artist Alizée, released worldwide on March 13, 2001 by Polydor Records.	Gourmandises	Alizée
performer	Bemerhak Negia Mikan (A Touch Away) is an album by Israeli rock singer and guitarist Izhar Ashdot.	Bemerhak Negia Mikan	Izhar Ashdot
performer	Mantra Hiroshima is the eighteenth studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López as a solo artist.	Mantra Hiroshima	Omar Rodríguez-López
performer	And Such Is Progress is the first full-length studio album by the hardcore band Grade.	And Such Is Progress	Grade
performer	All-Night Lotus Party is a 1986 record from the band Volcano Suns.	All-Night Lotus Party	Volcano Suns
performer	The Jody Grind is a 1966 recording by the Horace Silver Quintet.	The Jody Grind	Horace Silver
performer	``Überlin'' is a song by American alternative rock band R.E.M..	Überlin	R.E.M.
performer	Swimming with a Hole in My Body is an album by American guitarist and composer Bill Connors recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.	Swimming with a Hole in My Body	Bill Connors
performer	``The Ones You Love'' is a pop song performed by English singer Rick Astley and written by Dave West and himself.	The Ones You Love	Rick Astley
performer	``What I Can Do for You'' is a single by Sheryl Crow from the album Tuesday Night Music Club released on A&M Records.	What I Can Do for You	Sheryl Crow
performer	Spiritual Genocide is the thirteenth studio album by German thrash metal band Destruction.	Spiritual Genocide	Destruction
performer	A.T.L. 2 (A-Town Legends 2) is a collaboration album by Pastor Troy and The Lumberjacks a rap group composed of Goodie Mob's T-Mo and Khujo.	A.T.L. 2 (A-Town Legends 2)	Pastor Troy
performer	``Sleeping Awake'' (often mistitled as ``Sleeping Away'') is the lead single by P.O.D. from The Matrix Reloaded:	Sleeping Awake	P.O.D.
performer	``I Could Not Ask for More'' is a song composed by American songwriter Diane Warren and originally recorded and released in February, 1999, by American recording artist Edwin McCain as part of the original soundtrack for the Kevin Costner/Robin Wright film Message in a Bottle.	I Could Not Ask for More	Edwin McCain
performer	``People from Ibiza'' is a 1984 single performed by Sandy Marton.	People from Ibiza	Sandy Marton
performer	Trismegistos is Babylon Whores' third official recording and was released in 1996 on their own label, Sugar Cult.	Trismegistos	Babylon Whores
performer	Energize Me is a 2007 single by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever.	Energize Me	After Forever
performer	``Here Come the Good Times'' is a song by Irish indie rock band A House, released as a single from their 1994 album Wide-Eyed and Ignorant.	Here Come the Good Times	A House
performer	The Notorious K.I.M. is the second studio album by rapper Lil' Kim, released on June 27, 2000.	The Notorious K.I.M.	Lil' Kim
performer	``Nineteen Hundred and Eighty-Five'' (sometimes written as ``1985'') is a song by Paul McCartney and Wings.	Nineteen Hundred and Eighty-Five	Wings
performer	Procol's Ninth is the eighth studio album (ninth including Live) by Procol Harum, that was released in September 1975.	Procol's Ninth	Procol Harum
performer	``Growing Up the Hard Way'' was the fourth single taken from the album Agent Provocateur by the band Foreigner, and subsequently released only in Europe in May, 1985.	Growing Up the Hard Way	Foreigner
performer	Majesty and Decay is Immolation's eighth full-length album, released March 9, 2010.	Majesty and Decay	Immolation
performer	Ghosts That Linger is an album released in November 2009 by the alternative rock band Trocadero.	Ghosts That Linger	Trocadero
performer	``Every Grain of Sand'' is a song written by Bob Dylan, recorded in Los Angeles in the spring of 1981 and released in August of that year on Dylan's album Shot of Love.	Every Grain of Sand	Bob Dylan
performer	Conventional Weapons is a compilation album by American alternative rock band My Chemical Romance, released as a series of singles between October 2012 and February 2013.	Conventional Weapons	My Chemical Romance
performer	Joe's Xmasage is a compilation album featuring music by Frank Zappa recorded in 1963, posthumously released in December, 2005.	Joe's Xmasage	Frank Zappa
performer	Perfect Sense, Part I is the third track from the concept album Amused to Death by ex-Pink Floyd member Roger Waters.	Perfect Sense, Part I	Roger Waters
performer	Wretchrospective is the debut studio album released by grime artist Wretch 32.	Wretchrospective	Wretch 32
performer	Pinball Mars is the third studio album from Ohio alternative rock band Circus Devils.	Pinball Mars	Circus Devils
performer	Ol' Yellow Eyes Is Back is an album by Brent Spiner, best known for his role as Data in the American television series Star Trek:	Ol' Yellow Eyes Is Back	Brent Spiner
performer	MyEarthDream is the sixth studio album by the Austrian Symphonic metal band Edenbridge.	MyEarthDream	Edenbridge
performer	Famous Country Duets is an album by American country music artist George Jones with Gene Pitney and Melba Montgomery.	Famous Country Duets	George Jones
performer	``Tu manques'' is a 1990 song recorded by Carole Fredericks, Jean-Jacques Goldman and Michael Jones.	Tu manques	Carole Fredericks	Jean-Jacques Goldman	Michael Jones
performer	Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, released in 1980, is the 22nd solo studio album by Dolly Parton.	Dolly, Dolly, Dolly	Dolly Parton
performer	``Run the World (Girls)'' is a song recorded by American recording artist Beyoncé, from her fourth studio album 4 (2011), released as the lead single from the album on April 21, 2011.	Run the World (Girls)	Beyoncé
performer	An Airplane Carried Me to Bed is the first album by Sky Sailing, a project by Adam Young.	An Airplane Carried Me to Bed	Sky Sailing
performer	Thug World Order is the fifth studio album by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, released on October 29, 2002.	Thug World Order	Bone Thugs-n-Harmony
performer	``Wrapped Around'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley.	Wrapped Around	Brad Paisley
performer	``Move Over'' is a song by British girl group, the Spice Girls.	Move Over	Spice Girls
performer	After Your Heart is the third single by American contemporary Christian & gospel singer Phil Wickham from his second studio album Cannons, the song reached No. 22 on the Billboard's Christian songs chart on January 18, 2008.	After Your Heart	Phil Wickham
performer	``A Happy Place'' is a song performed by the Georgian-born, British singer Katie Melua and the second single from her 4th studio album The House.	A Happy Place	Katie Melua
performer	``Treat Them Like They Want to Be Treated'' is a song by American hip hop artist Father MC and features R&B group Jodeci.	Treat Them Like They Want to Be Treated	Father MC	Jodeci
performer	The Genie of the Lamp is a 2004 Hyphy album by Bay Area rapper Mac Dre.	The Genie of the Lamp	Mac Dre
performer	American Tragedy Redux is the second remix album by American rap rock band Hollywood Undead, taking songs exclusively off the band's 2011 studio album, American Tragedy, and remixing them.	American Tragedy Redux	Hollywood Undead
performer	``Veni Veni'' is a single released by electro-medieval/darkwave band Helium Vola.	Veni Veni	Helium Vola
performer	``Do You Really Want Me (Show Respect)'' is a song by Swedish recording artist Robyn from her first album, Robyn Is Here.	Do You Really Want Me (Show Respect)	Robyn
performer	Uno No Es Uno is the second album by Argentine singer Noel Schajris released on October 13, 2009.	Uno No Es Uno	Noel Schajris
performer	``All Right Now'' is a single by the English rock band Free.	All Right Now	Free
performer	The First Pain to Linger is a book with a maxi-cd by the Darkwave band Black Tape for a Blue Girl.	The First Pain to Linger	Black Tape for a Blue Girl
performer	Boyish Story is the fifth album of the popular Korean girl group Baby V.O.X. Its singles were ``Game Over'', ``Dolls'' and ``Hope You Were My Love''.	Boyish Story	Baby V.O.X.
performer	Explicit Lyrics is the third studio album recorded by the French artist Ophélie Winter.	Explicit Lyrics	Ophélie Winter
performer	``Candle of Life'' is a song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues, from their album To Our Children's Children's Children, a concept album about space travel.	Candle of Life	The Moody Blues
performer	``Revolution Earth'' is the fourth single released by The B-52's from their 1992 album Good Stuff.	Revolution Earth	The B-52's
performer	``Asche zu Asche'' is a single by the German band Rammstein, from their first studio album, Herzeleid.	Asche zu Asche	Rammstein
performer	The Day I Went Mad is the sixth solo album by English rock singer Graham Bonnet, originally released in 1999.	The Day I Went Mad	Graham Bonnet
performer	``Whenever You're Near'' is a song composed by Jack Blades and Tommy Shaw, recorded by Cher.	Whenever You're Near	Cher
performer	Holiday Trip of a Lifetime is the third studio album by Australian pop-rock band End of Fashion.	Holiday Trip of a Lifetime	End of Fashion
performer	Saxophone Colossus is a studio album by American jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins.	Saxophone Colossus	Sonny Rollins
performer	Gulfam is an album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan, released in the year 1994 by Indian label Venus.	Gulfam	Hariharan
performer	Blue Lights in the Basement is the sixth studio album by American singer Roberta Flack released by Atlantic on December 13, 1977.	Blue Lights in the Basement	Roberta Flack
performer	Sublime to the Ridiculous is the only studio album by the British hard rock band Sheer Greed, released in 1992 in Japan.	Sublime to the Ridiculous	Sheer Greed
performer	Hey, O.K (Ukrainian: Гей, любо) is an album by the band Vopli Vidopliassova.	Hey, O.K	Vopli Vidopliassova
performer	Two Way Monologue is the second album release by the Norwegian singer/songwriter Sondre Lerche, released in 2004.	Two Way Monologue	Sondre Lerche
performer	Die Blutgräfin is the eleventh album of Untoten.	Die Blutgräfin	Untoten
performer	Hydra Beats, Vol. 5 is an instrumental album by hip hop group and production duo The Beatnuts.	Hydra Beats, Vol. 5	The Beatnuts
performer	Really Want to See You Again is the third single from Australian band Sneaky Sound System's third album From Here to Anywhere.	Really Want to See You Again	Sneaky Sound System
performer	Snow Day/Holiday Road is a holiday single with two tracks taken from Matt Pond PA's Winter Songs EP.	Snow Day/Holiday Road	Matt Pond PA
performer	``Center of It'' is a song by Christian Contemporary-R&B musician Chris August from his second album, The Upside of Down.	Center of It	Chris August
performer	Two Compositions (Trio) 1998 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded at Wesleyan University in 1998 and released on the Leo label in 2003.	Two Compositions (Trio) 1998	Anthony Braxton
performer	Talented 10th is the third studio album by American Christian Hip Hop artist Sho Baraka, released through his own label, Lions & Liars Music, on January 15, 2013.	Talented 10th	Sho Baraka
performer	``Everything (Take Me Down)'' is the fourth single taken from Dane Rumble's debut album The Experiment.	Everything (Take Me Down)	Dane Rumble
performer	Au delà des rêves is a 2005 album by French-Moroccan R&B singer Amine.	Au delà des rêves	Amine
performer	New Traditionalists is the fourth studio album by the new wave rock band Devo.	New Traditionalists	Devo
performer	``Forever in Blue Jeans'' is a song by Neil Diamond which was co-written with his guitarist Richard Bennett.	Forever in Blue Jeans	Neil Diamond
performer	Cegła is the first studio album by the blues-rock band Dżem.	Cegła	Dżem
performer	Sacrificial Etchings (Selected Works 1996-2002) is a compilation album by South African gothic rock band The Awakening released 1 January 2002.	Sacrificial Etchings	The Awakening
performer	``Hit Me with That'' is the second single from The Beatnuts:	Hit Me with That	The Beatnuts
performer	Buildings and Grounds is the third and final studio album by Papas Fritas, released stateside on Minty Fresh in March 2000.	Buildings and Grounds	Papas Fritas
performer	``Sin Sin Sin'' is a song by British pop singer Robbie Williams, it was released as the fourth and last single from his album Intensive Care in the summer of 2006.	Sin Sin Sin	Robbie Williams
performer	My Head Is an Animal is the debut studio album by the Icelandic folk-pop band Of Monsters and Men, released through Record Records in Iceland on 20 September 2011.	My Head Is an Animal	Of Monsters and Men
performer	Vivo per lei (ˈviːvo per ˈlɛi) (English: ``I Live for Her'') is the name of a 1995 song recorded by Italian artist Andrea Bocelli as duet with Giorgia for his album Bocelli.	Vivo per lei	Andrea Bocelli
performer	``Better Be Good to Me'' is a hit rock song, written by Mike Chapman, Nicky Chinn and Holly Knight, featured on Tina Turner's fifth studio album, Private Dancer (1984).	Better Be Good to Me	Tina Turner
performer	``Devil Woman'' is a 1976 hit single for Cliff Richard from his album I'm Nearly Famous.	Devil Woman	Cliff Richard
performer	``Raindrops (Encore une fois)'' is the 2008 comeback single by Sash!.	Raindrops (Encore une fois)	Sash
performer	``The Worrying Kind'' is a rock song performed by The Ark, written and composed by Ola Salo.	The Worrying Kind	The Ark
performer	Posle mene što ti e gajle (English: After Me What Do You Care?) is the first and only album by Badmingtons.	Posle mene što ti e gajle	Badmingtons
performer	Will Rap for Food is the debut album by southern hip hop group, CunninLynguists.	Will Rap for Food	CunninLynguists
performer	The Secondman's Middle Stand was Mike Watt's third solo album and the first full-length recording that he had made under his own name since the release of Contemplating The Engine Room in 1997.	The Secondman's Middle Stand	Mike Watt
performer	Hymn and Her is the name of the sixth album by the band Earlimart.	Hymn and Her	Earlimart
performer	Civilized Evil is an album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty, released in 1980.	Civilized Evil	Jean-Luc Ponty
performer	Blank Blackout Vacant is an LP by Poison Idea released in 1992 by Taang!	Blank Blackout Vacant	Poison Idea
performer	Lucy Collins is a character in Brookside portrayed by Katrin Cartlidge and later Maggie Saunders.	Lucy Collins	Katrin Cartlidge
performer	``Paloma Blanca'', often called ``Una Paloma Blanca'' (Spanish for ``white dove'') is a song written by the Dutch musician George Baker, and first recorded and released by his band The George Baker Selection.	Paloma Blanca	George Baker Selection
performer	Genuine Diamond is the tenth studio album by the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya.	Genuine Diamond	Show-Ya
performer	I'm Already There is the fourth studio album released by American country music band Lonestar.	I'm Already There	Lonestar
performer	``Gucci This (Gucci That)'' is a song by the American teenage girl group OMG Girlz.	Gucci This (Gucci That)	OMG Girlz
performer	Don't Be Fake is the debut solo album by Russian pop star Sergey Lazarev.	Don't Be Fake	Sergey Lazarev
performer	``Turn So Cold'' is the second single by Texas-based metal band Drowning Pool, from their self-titled album.	Turn So Cold	Drowning Pool
performer	Navidad de Los Andes is an album by Argentine bandoneon player and composer Dino Saluzzi with cellist Anja Lechner and saxophonist Felix Saluzzi recorded in 2010 and released on the ECM label.	Navidad de Los Andes	Dino Saluzzi
performer	Pitch Black Progress is the second studio album by Swedish metal band Scar Symmetry.	Pitch Black Progress	Scar Symmetry
performer	``Yalla Habibi'' (translated as ``Let's go, my love) is a 2009 single by Karl Wolf featuring Rime and Kaz Money released in Canada as a follow up single to the successful ''Carrera``.	Yalla Habibi	Karl Wolf
performer	``Romantic Type'' is the second single from The Pigeon Detectives and is featured on their debut album Wait for Me.	Romantic Type	The Pigeon Detectives
performer	``Let Me Talk'' is a song by R&B band Earth, Wind & Fire which was written by Phillip Bailey, Larry Dunn, Ralph Johnson, Al McKay, Verdine White and Maurice White.	Let Me Talk	Earth, Wind & Fire
performer	``Rainy Day People'' is a song written and recorded by Gordon Lightfoot, released on his 1975 album, Cold on the Shoulder, and also as a single.	Rainy Day People	Gordon Lightfoot
performer	Down in Albion is the debut album by Babyshambles, Pete Doherty's post-Libertines band.	Down in Albion	Babyshambles
performer	``Chiquitita'' (a Spanish term of endearment for a woman meaning ``little one'') is a song recorded by Swedish pop group ABBA.	Chiquitita	ABBA
performer	The Houston Kid is the 10th album by American country music singer Rodney Crowell.	The Houston Kid	Rodney Crowell
performer	``Girls Make Me Sick'' is the debut single by Butcher Boy, released on HDIF Records in 2007.	Girls Make Me Sick	Butcher Boy
performer	``Nur in meinem Kopf'' (German: Only in My Mind) is a song by German recording artist Andreas Bourani.	Nur in meinem Kopf	Andreas Bourani
performer	Teasing Nature is the second full-length studio album by Israeli alternative/progressive rock band Eatliz, released on December 19, 2010.	Teasing Nature	Eatliz
performer	Live/Indian Summer is the first live album by Al Stewart, released in 1981.	Live/Indian Summer	Al Stewart
performer	Mile Markers is an album by American country music group Bastard Sons of Johnny Cash.	Mile Markers	Bastard Sons of Johnny Cash
performer	``I Love Rock 'n' Roll'' is a rock song written in 1975 by Alan Merrill and Jake Hooker of Arrows, who recorded the first released version.	I Love Rock 'n' Roll	Arrows
performer	``Real Soon'' is the first single release from Snoop Dogg's 2005 album compilation album Bigg Snoop Dogg Presents...	Real Soon	Snoop Dogg
performer	Please Come In is the second single by the American southern rock band Black Stone Cherry from their second studio album Folklore And Superstition.	Please Come In	Black Stone Cherry
performer	``Electric High'' is the second single from Elliot Minor's Solaris album, written by Alex Davies, produced by Jim Wirt, who also worked with Elliot Minor on their debut self-titled album, and mixed by Tom Lord-Alge.	Electric High	Elliot Minor
performer	``Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)'' is a song by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson and the titular song from her fifth studio album, Stronger (2011).	Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)	Kelly Clarkson
performer	The Way We Do It is the second studio album of Colonial Cousins, an Indian duo composed of singer Hariharan and singer-composer Lesle Lewis.	The Way We Do It	Colonial Cousins
performer	``We've Got a Big Mess on Our Hands'' is the first single by The Academy Is... from their 2007 album Santi.	We've Got a Big Mess on Our Hands	The Academy Is
performer	(Songbook) A Collection of Hits is the first greatest hits album by country singer Trisha Yearwood.	(Songbook) A Collection of Hits	Trisha Yearwood
performer	``Falling in Love (Is Hard on the Knees)'' is a song performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith that appeared on the band's 1997 album Nine Lives.	Falling in Love (Is Hard on the Knees)	Aerosmith
performer	``Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet'' is a song by the American rock band Fall Out Boy from their fourth studio album Folie à Deux (2008).	Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet	Fall Out Boy
performer	Blood, Sweat & No Tears is the third and final album from hip hop group Stetsasonic.	Blood, Sweat & No Tears	Stetsasonic
performer	Chaos by Design is an album by New Zealand drum and bass group, Concord Dawn released in 2006.	Chaos by Design	Concord Dawn
performer	Kiss My B-ass is the fourth studio album by the Iranian-Danish eurodance producer DJ Aligator, released in 2009.	Kiss My B-ass	DJ Aligator
performer	War Heroes is a compilation album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix, released on October 1 and December 1972 in the UK and the US, respectively.	War Heroes	Jimi Hendrix
performer	Harlem World is the critically acclaimed multi-platinum debut album by American hip hop recording artist Mase, released October 28, 1997.	Harlem World	Mase
performer	``Spin That Wheel'' is a song by Belgian group Technotronic released under the name ``Hi Tek 3 featuring Ya Kid K'' in 1990.	Spin That Wheel	Technotronic
performer	Across the Concrete Sky is the 16th studio album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in 2003.	Across the Concrete Sky	Air Supply
performer	Disco Destroyer is the eighth studio album by the thrash metal band Tankard.	Disco Destroyer	Tankard
performer	``Good Morning Sunshine'' is a song by Danish-Norwegian band Aqua from their debut album, Aquarium (1997).	Good Morning Sunshine	Aqua
performer	Because the Internet is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Donald Glover, under the stage name Childish Gambino.	Because the Internet	Donald Glover
performer	Second Winter is the third studio album by Texas blues guitarist Johnny Winter, released in 1969.	Second Winter	Johnny Winter
performer	``Don't Let the Music Die'' is a pop ballad by the Bay City Rollers from their 1977 album It's a Game.	Don't Let the Music Die	Bay City Rollers
performer	``Più che puoi'' (``More Than You Can'') is a duet by Italian singer Eros Ramazzotti and American singer-actress Cher, released on July 3, 2001 by BMG International It was also the third single from Ramazzotti's eighth studio album, Stilelibero.	Più che puoi	Eros Ramazzotti	Cher
performer	Extra Texture (Read All About It) is the sixth studio album by English musician George Harrison, released in September 1975.	Extra Texture (Read All About It)	George Harrison
performer	Love CPR is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer September.	Love CPR	September
performer	Maraqopa is the tenth studio album by American rock musician Damien Jurado, produced by Richard Swift.	Maraqopa	Damien Jurado
performer	``Unorchestrated'' is an EP by the emo band Hey Mercedes.	Unorchestrated	Hey Mercedes
performer	``About Your Dress'' is the fourth single by British indie band The Maccabees, and their second to make the UK top 40, peaking at number thirty-three - their highest charting single to date.	About Your Dress	The Maccabees
performer	Theoretically is an album by Tim Berne and Bill Frisell which was released on the Empire label in 1984.	Theoretically	Tim Berne
performer	Arcane Path is the second studio album by the Canadian technical death metal band Sympathy, released in 2004 on the Dutch label Fear Dark.	Arcane Path	Sympathy
performer	``Funeral Pyre'' is The Jam's thirteenth single released on 6 June 1981.	Funeral Pyre	The Jam
performer	``Hurry Up England - The People's Anthem'' is a charity single by English punk rock band Sham 69, featuring Graham Coxon on guitar.	Hurry Up England	Sham 69
performer	``Counting Stars'' is a song by American pop rock band OneRepublic from their third studio album, Native (2013).	Counting Stars	OneRepublic
performer	``Owata'' is the second single from The Smashing Pumpkins' ongoing eighth album, Teargarden by Kaleidyscope, and tenth song released from the album.	Owata	The Smashing Pumpkins
performer	``The Funk Phenomena'' is a single from Armand Van Helden's debut studio album Old School Junkies:	The Funk Phenomena	Armand Van Helden
performer	Holy Bandits is a 1993 album by British folk-rock band Oysterband.	Holy Bandits	Oysterband
performer	Motorhellington is the third album by the Italian band Zu, which appear in Roy Paci on trumpet and backing vocals and Eugene Chadbourne on guitar and vocals.	Motorhellington	Zu
performer	Suspicious Package is the second full-length album by the blues rock band Earl Greyhound.	Suspicious Package	Earl Greyhound
performer	Tre Amigos is the fourth official album by the Swedish hip hop group Just D, an album released in 1993.	Tre Amigos	Just D
performer	One Girl Revolution is the third album by American pop rock group Saving Jane.	One Girl Revolution	Saving Jane
performer	``Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?'' is a song by American electronica musician Moby.	Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?	Moby
performer	Bazaar Bazaar is the debut album by the Raleigh, North Carolina-based rock band Birds of Avalon.	Bazaar Bazaar	Birds of Avalon
performer	Remember (The Great Adventure) is the ninth and currently most recent studio album by the German solo artist Michael Rother.	Remember (The Great Adventure)	Michael Rother
performer	Early Tymes is an album consisting of demos (fifteenth album) by Harry Nilsson who recorded for Scott Turner in 1962, when he was still a struggling musician, whose regular job was working in a bank.	Early Tymes	Harry Nilsson
performer	Tracks and Traces is the one and only album credited to Harmonia '76, but it is generally regarded as the third album by the highly influential Krautrock/Kosmische Musik group Harmonia.	Tracks and Traces	Harmonia
performer	Midnight Believer is the twenty fifth studio blues album by B. B. King released in 1978.	Midnight Believer	B. B. King
performer	``Say Kids What Time Is It?'' is the debut single of British dance music duo Coldcut.	Say Kids What Time Is It?	Coldcut
performer	``Softer, Softest'' is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by frontwoman Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson.	Softer, Softest	Hole
performer	``Dime Si Recuerdas'' (English: Tell Me If You Remember) is a song recorded by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen, for the platinum edition of her sixth studio album, Sentimiento (2007).	Dime Si Recuerdas	Ivy Queen
performer	Athenian Echoes is the third album by the Greek metal band Nightfall.	Athenian Echoes	Nightfall
performer	``I'm So Famous'' is the first single from American R&B singer, Joi, from her fourth album Tennessee Slim Is the Bomb.	I'm So Famous	Joi
performer	Songs from the Red Room is the fourth studio album by the British pop act Shakespears Sister, released in November 2009 through SF Records.	Songs from the Red Room	Shakespears Sister
performer	Open House! is an album by jazz organist Johnny ``Hammond'' Smith which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Riverside label.	Open House!	Johnny ``Hammond'' Smith
performer	``HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right)'', also known as just ``HYFR'', is a song by Canadian recording artist Drake from his second studio album Take Care (2011).	HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right)	Drake
performer	On Your Shore is Charlotte Martin's first full-length release on a major label.	On Your Shore	Charlotte Martin
performer	Life Force Radio is the second album from hip hop artist Afu-Ra.	Life Force Radio	Afu-Ra
performer	7 Samurai Sessions -We're Kavki Boiz- is an album by Miyavi, released on July 18, 2007.	7 Samurai Sessions -We're Kavki Boiz-	Miyavi
performer	Spelled in Bones is the third album by American folk-rock band Fruit Bats, released in 2005.	Spelled in Bones	Fruit Bats
performer	``Can't Get Along (Without You)'' is a single from indie band Hard-Fi, taken from their second album Once Upon a Time in the West.	Can't Get Along (Without You)	Hard-Fi
performer	One Life, One Death is the 11th album by Buck-Tick, their first on BMG/Funhouse, released on September 20, 2000.	One Life, One Death	Buck-Tick
performer	``Texas in 1880'' is a song written by Radney Foster, and recorded by American country music duo Foster & Lloyd.	Texas in 1880	Foster & Lloyd
performer	In the Attic of the Universe is the second release by American indie rock group The Antlers, when the Antlers name was still a solo project of vocalist and guitarist Peter Silberman.	In the Attic of the Universe	The Antlers
performer	Joystone is a studio album collaboration between Jimi Tenor and Kabu Kabu, a group of west-African musicians living in Berlin.	Joystone	Jimi Tenor
performer	``Loverman'' is the second single from the album Let Love In by Australian rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.	Loverman	Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
performer	``Please Go Home'' is a song by British rock 'n' roll band, The Rolling Stones.	Please Go Home	The Rolling Stones
performer	Eu Só Quero Ser Livre (I Just Want To Be Free) is the debut album, released in 2006, from Brazilian singer Perlla.	Eu Só Quero Ser Livre	Perlla
performer	Strike Gently is the second and final studio album by New York band The Virgins.	Strike Gently	The Virgins
performer	``Vasoline'' is a song by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots from their second album, Purple.	Vasoline	Stone Temple Pilots
performer	Ancient Dreams is the third album of Swedish doom metal band Candlemass and was released in 1988, and reissued in 2001 by Powerline Records with bonus CD.	Ancient Dreams	Candlemass
performer	Burnin' Sneakers is the second studio album by Bomfunk MC's, released in 2002 through Sony Music Entertainment.	Burnin' Sneakers	Bomfunk MC
performer	The Pursuit of Nappyness is the fourth studio album by Kentucky-based hip hop group Nappy Roots.	The Pursuit of Nappyness	Nappy Roots
performer	``In a World Called Catastrophe'' is a song by Canadian rock artist Matthew Good.	In a World Called Catastrophe	Matthew Good
performer	``Goodbye Says It All'' is the title of a debut song written by Bobby Fischer, Charlie Black and Johnny MacRae, and recorded by American country music band Blackhawk.	Goodbye Says It All	Blackhawk
performer	Hate Breeds Suffering is the second album by Napalm Death grindcore side project Lock Up.	Hate Breeds Suffering	Lock Up
performer	Little Head was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's fourteenth album, released in 1997.	Little Head	John Hiatt
performer	``World Long Gone'' is the second single by Scars on Broadway off their eponymous debut album.	World Long Gone	Scars on Broadway
performer	``One, Two, I Love You'' is a song written by Ed Hill and Bucky Jones, recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker.	One, Two, I Love You	Clay Walker
performer	Feeling the Fall is the first full-length album by Portland based Indie rock band The Village Green.	Feeling the Fall	The Village Green
performer	``Baby, Come Over (This Is Our Night)'' (known originally and released internationally as ``Baby Come on Over'') is a single by Irish pop singer Samantha Mumba.	Baby, Come Over (This Is Our Night)	Samantha Mumba
performer	``They're Coming to Take Me Away, Ha-Haaa!'' is a 1966 novelty record by Jerry Samuels, recorded under the name Napoleon XIV.	They're Coming to Take Me Away, Ha-Haaa!	Napoleon XIV
performer	``Black Country Rock'' is a song written by David Bowie in 1970 for the album The Man Who Sold the World, which was released in November 1970 in the U.S. and April 1971 in the UK.	Black Country Rock	David Bowie
performer	``Funnel of Love'' is a song by Wanda Jackson written by Charlie McCoy (credited as ``Charles McCoy'') and Kent Westbury.	Funnel of Love	Wanda Jackson
performer	Composition/Improvisation Nos. 1, 2 & 3 is a live album by jazz saxophonist and composer Roscoe Mitchell recorded in Germany in 2004 and released on the ECM label.	Composition/Improvisation Nos. 1, 2 & 3	Roscoe Mitchell
performer	Music Made Addictz is the debut album of Dutch hardstyle duo D-Block & S-te-Fan.	Music Made Addictz	D-Block & S-te-Fan
performer	O Monstro Precisa de Amigos was the second and final album by Portuguese band Ornatos Violeta.	O Monstro Precisa de Amigos	Ornatos Violeta
performer	Portraits of Bob Dylan is the title of Yes guitarist Steve Howe's ninth solo album, released in 1999.	Portraits of Bob Dylan	Steve Howe
performer	``Local Boy in the Photograph'' is the first single by rock band Stereophonics.	Local Boy in the Photograph	Stereophonics
performer	``I Wanna Wake Up with You'' is a 1986 song made popular by Boris Gardiner.	I Wanna Wake Up with You	Boris Gardiner
performer	Januar is the debut studio album by Serbian recording artist Ana Nikolić.	Januar	Ana Nikolić
performer	``It Seems Like You're Ready'' is a song by musician R. Kelly, on his debut solo studio album titled 12 Play.	It Seems Like You're Ready	R. Kelly
performer	``This Song's for You'' is a song written by Rory Lee Feek and Zac Brown and recorded by American country duo Joey + Rory.	This Song's for You	Joey + Rory
performer	Sulla mia pelle is the first album by Italian singer Noemi, released on October 2, 2009.	Sulla mia pelle	Noemi
performer	Dadavida is an album by the Japanese noise group Merzbow.	Dadavida	Merzbow
performer	The B-52's sang ``Song for a Future Generation'' live over a backing track on the Whammy! tour in 1983.	Song for a Future Generation	The B-52's
performer	``Baby Obey Me'' is the fourth and last single from the Kim Wilde album Never Say Never, released in 2006.	Baby Obey Me	Kim Wilde
performer	``Never Gonna Fall in Love Again'' is a song co-written and recorded by American pop rock artist Eric Carmen.	Never Gonna Fall in Love Again	Eric Carmen
performer	New West Motel is the fifth studio album by alternative rock band The Walkabouts.	New West Motel	The Walkabouts
performer	``Same Old Brand New You'' is a song by British-Norwegian boy band A1, released as the second single from their second album, The A List.	Same Old Brand New You	A1
performer	Man Bites Harmonica! is an album by harmonica player Jean ``Toots'' Thielemans which was recorded in late 1957 and early 1958 for the Riverside label.	Man Bites Harmonica!	Toots'' Thielemans
performer	(Something Inside) So Strong is a 1987 single written and recorded by British singer-songwriter Labi Siffre.	(Something Inside) So Strong	Labi Siffre
performer	The Final Riot! is the second official live album by the American rock band Paramore and was released on November 25, 2008 with a bonus DVD containing the full live concert plus behind-the-scenes footage.	The Final Riot!	Paramore
performer	``Can't Be Friends'' is an R&B song by American recording artist Trey Songz.	Can't Be Friends	Trey Songz
performer	The Black Bear Sessions is the debut studio album by the bluegrass/jam band Railroad Earth, released in 2001.	The Black Bear Sessions	Railroad Earth
performer	Skinny Grin is a 2006 album by Acoustic Ladyland, featuring the singles ``Salt Water'' and ``Cuts & Lies''.	Skinny Grin	Acoustic Ladyland
performer	``Palace & Main'' is a song by Swedish rock band Kent, written by Joakim Berg and Martin Sköld.	Palace & Main	Kent
performer	Igri Bez Granici (in Macedonian Cyrillic: Игри Без Граници, English translation: ``Games Without Borders'') is the seventh studio album by the famous Macedonian singer Toše Proeski.	Igri Bez Granici	Toše Proeski
performer	Superhero Brother (2008) is the eighth studio album released by American alternative hip hop trio G. Love and Special Sauce.	Superhero Brother	G. Love and Special Sauce
performer	More Bad News ... is the title of the third album by Broadside Electric.	More Bad News ...	Broadside Electric
performer	``Miss Atomic Bomb'' is a song from American rock band The Killers.	Miss Atomic Bomb	The Killers
performer	Life Is a Beach is the fifth studio album by German DJ Sash!.	Life Is a Beach	Sash
performer	Walking Man is the fifth studio album in singer-songwriter James Taylor's discography.	Walking Man	James Taylor
performer	Por Favor, Perdón y Gracias (Please, Sorry and Thanks) is an album released by Argentinean singer-songwriter León Gieco in September 6, 2005.	Por Favor, Perdón y Gracias	León Gieco
performer	The Baggy's Rehearsal Sessions is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix, released on June 25, 2002 by Dagger Records.	The Baggy's Rehearsal Sessions	Jimi Hendrix
performer	``Rumo ao Sul'' is a single by Ana Moura from the album Leva-me aos Fados.	Rumo ao Sul	Ana Moura
performer	``Seven Doors Hotel'', written by Joey Tempest, was the first single released from the Swedish heavy metal band Europe's self-titled debut album.	Seven Doors Hotel	Europe
performer	I'm Fine is singer-songwriter Patty Larkin's second album.	I'm Fine	Patty Larkin
performer	``Never Leave You (Uh Oooh, Uh Oooh)'' is a song by American recording artist Lumidee, released as the debut single on May 13, 2003 from her debut studio album, Almost Famous (2003).	Never Leave You (Uh Oooh, Uh Oooh)	Lumidee
performer	``Can't Wait'' is the second single released from Redman's second album, Dare Iz a Darkside.	Can't Wait	Redman
performer	Adwa' Al Shohra (Arabic: أضواء الشهرة - lit. ``lights of fame''‎), also known as The Limelight, is an album by the Lebanese singer Carole Samaha released in 2006.	Adwa' Al Shohra	Carole Samaha
performer	``Table Ronde'' was a successful song, written by Le Grand Kallé in the popular African Rumba style.	Table Ronde	Le Grand Kallé
performer	``If You Were a Woman (And I Was a Man)'' is a song recorded by Bonnie Tyler for her 1986 rock album Secret Dreams and Forbidden Fire.	If You Were a Woman (And I Was a Man)	Bonnie Tyler
performer	Fake Can Be Just as Good is the third studio album by rock band Blonde Redhead, released by the Touch & Go label in 1997.	Fake Can Be Just as Good	Blonde Redhead
performer	``Simplemente Amigos'' (``Just Friends'') is a ballad written and performed by Mexican singer-songwriter Ana Gabriel.	Simplemente Amigos	Ana Gabriel
performer	``Akatsuki/Ikuoku no Chandelier'' (``暁/幾億のシャンデリア; Dawn/Many Millions of Chandeliers'') is a double A-side single released by rock band Alice Nine.	Akatsuki/Ikuoku no Chandelier	Alice Nine
performer	Sunrise on the Sufferbus is the second studio album of the American rock band Masters of Reality, released in 1992.	Sunrise on the Sufferbus	Masters of Reality
performer	Beautiful Loser is the eighth studio album by American rock artist Bob Seger, released in 1975 (see 1975 in music).	Beautiful Loser	Bob Seger
performer	About Romance is Colonel Abrams third album released on March 10, 1992.	About Romance	Colonel Abrams
performer	Rolling Blackouts is the third studio album by Brighton, England-based band The Go! Team.	Rolling Blackouts	The Go! Team
performer	Beyond Flavor is Original Flavor's second and final album was recorded in 1993 and released in early 1994.	Beyond Flavor	Original Flavor
performer	Crispy Park is the seventh album of the Japanese pop rock group Every Little Thing, released on August 9, 2006.	Crispy Park	Every Little Thing
performer	The Worldhood of the World (As Such) is the seventh full-length album released by Canadian punk rock band Nomeansno.	The Worldhood of the World (As Such)	Nomeansno
performer	``Free to Be Me'' was released as the second single from CCM singer Francesca Battistelli's major label debut album, My Paper Heart, in January 2009.	Free to Be Me	Francesca Battistelli
performer	``Take It Back'' is a song by the progressive rock group Pink Floyd, released as the seventh track on their 1994 album, The Division Bell.	Take It Back	Pink Floyd
performer	``Back to My Roots'' is a song by RuPaul, released as the fourth single from his album Supermodel of the World, released in 1993.	Back to My Roots	RuPaul
performer	Sun Is Up is a song by Romanian dance/pop vocalist Inna extracted from her second studio album I Am the Club Rocker (2011).	Sun Is Up	Inna
performer	``Color Gitano'' (Gypsy Colors) is the debut single of Kendji Girac, the winner of French season 3 of the French music competition series The Voice: la plus belle voix broadcast from January 11 to May 10, 2014 as part of Team Mika.	Color Gitano	Kendji Girac
performer	``Trip the Darkness'' is a song by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil, from their sixth studio album Dark Adrenaline (2012).	Trip the Darkness	Lacuna Coil
performer	``Izzo (H.O.V.A.)'' (often referred to as ``H to the Izzo'') is the first single released by Jay-Z from his sixth album The Blueprint.	Izzo (H.O.V.A.)	Jay-Z
performer	When Death Comes is the fifth studio album by the Danish technical thrash metal band Artillery.	When Death Comes	Artillery
performer	Fresh Blood is the second studio album by the English singer-songwriter Steve Swindells.	Fresh Blood	Steve Swindells
performer	Burhøns (English: Battery hens) is the sixth LP album released 1979 by the Danish rock band Gnags, the album was released digitally remastered 1996 on CD.	Burhøns	Gnags
performer	Get What You Give is the third album by metalcore band The Ghost Inside, released on June 19, 2012.	Get What You Give	The Ghost Inside
performer	Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi! (French for ``The King Is Dead, Long Live The King!'') is the third album by the German musical project Enigma.	Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi!	Enigma
performer	The Rose Experience is the fourth studio album by multi-platinum R&B singer Case.	The Rose Experience	Case
performer	Music for Man with No Name is a collaborative 7`` release by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow and the American noise band Cock E.S.P..	Music for Man with No Name	Merzbow	Cock E.S.P.
performer	Sweep the Leg is the second and final studio album by American hip hop music group Hangar 18.	Sweep the Leg	Hangar 18
performer	``In Your Shoes'' is the second single release from British singer-songwriter Beverley Knight's sixth studio album, 100%, released on 9 November 2009.	In Your Shoes	Beverley Knight
performer	``I Get Weak'' is a pop song written by Diane Warren and produced by Rick Nowels for Belinda Carlisle's second album Heaven on Earth.	I Get Weak	Belinda Carlisle
performer	Play Don't Worry is the second album by former member of The Spiders From Mars, Mick Ronson.	Play Don't Worry	Mick Ronson
performer	Valve No. 10 is an album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1988 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.	Valve No. 10	Billy Bang
performer	``I'm Awake Now'' is the second single released by the Goo Goo Dolls and featured on the Freddy's Dead:	I'm Awake Now	Goo Goo Dolls
performer	Planet Helpless is the third album by English alternative rock band Puressence, released in 2002.	Planet Helpless	Puressence
performer	``Don't Cha'' is a song by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls from their debut studio album PCD (2005).	Don't Cha	The Pussycat Dolls
performer	Live at Carnegie Hall 1963 is a six-song live set by Bob Dylan.	Live at Carnegie Hall 1963	Bob Dylan
performer	``Cali Chronic'', also known by its edited title ``Cali'', was the second and final single released by rap group, Harlem World.	Cali Chronic	Harlem World
performer	Eternal Spirit is the twenty-sixth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill, recorded in 1989 and released on the Blue Note label.	Eternal Spirit	Andrew Hill
performer	``Feelings Gone'' (sic) is a song by British electronic music duo Basement Jaxx.	Feelings Gone	Basement Jaxx
performer	``I Hate the French'' is a satirical comedy song performed live by Howard Goodall during Rowan Atkinson's 1980 tour of the United Kingdom.	I Hate the French	Howard Goodall
performer	``Love @ 1st Sight'' is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige, performed along with rapper Method Man.	Love @ 1st Sight	Mary J. Blige	Method Man
performer	Rebels on the Run is the seventh studio album by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry.	Rebels on the Run	Montgomery Gentry
performer	Dr. Juliet Burke (née Carlson) is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by Elizabeth Mitchell.	Juliet Burke	Elizabeth Mitchell
performer	Alt.music.hardcore is the tenth studio LP by punk band 7 Seconds.	Alt.music.hardcore	7 Seconds
performer	Llena de dulzura is the third album by Mexican iconic pop singer Yuri.	Llena de dulzura	Yuri
performer	The Reawakening is the fifth and final album by the band The Berzerker released in 2008.	The Reawakening	The Berzerker
performer	(For God's Sake) Give More Power to the People is the third studio album by American soul group The Chi-Lites, produced and largely written by lead singer Eugene Record.	(For God's Sake) Give More Power to the People	The Chi-Lites
performer	Claire Littleton is a fictional character played by Emilie de Ravin on the ABC drama television series Lost, which chronicles the lives of the survivors of a plane crash in the South Pacific.	Claire Littleton	Emilie de Ravin
performer	Life Is Not a Waiting Room is the third studio album by American band Senses Fail, which was released on October 7, 2008.	Life Is Not a Waiting Room	Senses Fail
performer	In the Grip of Official Treason is the ninth spoken word album from Jello Biafra.	In the Grip of Official Treason	Jello Biafra
performer	Anakonda is the third and final album released by emcee Akinyele.	Anakonda	Akinyele
performer	``Downtown Train'' is a song by Tom Waits released on his album Rain Dogs in 1985.	Downtown Train	Tom Waits
performer	``Old Alabama'' is a song co-written and performed by American country music singer Brad Paisley, featuring guest vocals from the band Alabama.	Old Alabama	Brad Paisley
performer	AggroSantos.com is the debut studio album by English rapper Aggro Santos.	AggroSantos.com	Aggro Santos
performer	``I Can Love You Better'' is the title of a debut song written by Pamela Brown Hayes and Kostas, and recorded by American country music group Dixie Chicks.	I Can Love You Better	Dixie Chicks
performer	White Box Requiem is the twenty-fifth album by Jandek, and his only for 1996.	White Box Requiem	Jandek
performer	Scarabus is the third and the last studio album by British jazz-rock fusion band Ian Gillan Band, released in 1977.	Scarabus	Ian Gillan Band
performer	``There Is No Love Between Us Anymore'' is a song by Pop Will Eat Itself released on 7`` and 12'' vinyl in 1988, as the second single from the 1987 album Box Frenzy.	There Is No Love Between Us Anymore	Pop Will Eat Itself
performer	When Love Comes Calling is a 1979 album by American singer Deniece Williams.	When Love Comes Calling	Deniece Williams
performer	``Find the Colour'', is a single from UK rock band Feeder, and was fourth to be taken from their album Comfort In Sound during 2003.	Find the Colour	Feeder
performer	Everything's Coming Up Rosie is a 1977 studio album by the American jazz singer Rosemary Clooney.	Everything's Coming Up Rosie	Rosemary Clooney
performer	Ever So Lonely is a single written by Steve Coe and originally recorded by Monsoon with Sheila Chandra on vocals.	Ever So Lonely	Monsoon
performer	Juggling 9 or Dropping 10 is the fifth studio album by the American progressive rock band Enchant.	Juggling 9 or Dropping 10	Enchant
performer	Med socker på läpparna (With sugar on the lips) was the debut album of the Swedish pop band Cirkus Miramar.	Med socker på läpparna	Cirkus Miramar
performer	Section.80 is the debut studio album by American rapper Kendrick Lamar, released on July 2, 2011, under Top Dawg Entertainment.	Section.80	Kendrick Lamar
performer	First Spell is the first full-length album by the Norwegian black metal band Gehenna.	First Spell	Gehenna
performer	``Please, Please'' is a song by McFly from their third album Motion in the Ocean, released as a double A-side single with their cover version of the Queen song ``Don't Stop Me Now''.	Please, Please	McFly
performer	Glorified Magnified is a rock album released in 1972 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.	Glorified Magnified	Manfred Mann's Earth Band
performer	``On s'est aimé à cause'' (meaning ``We've Loved Each Other Because'') is the third and last single released in Quebec from Celine Dion's French album D'elles.	On s'est aimé à cause	Celine Dion
performer	``Dance Hall Days'' is a song by English band Wang Chung, released as a single in 1984.	Dance Hall Days	Wang Chung
performer	Keeping Our Love Warm is the sixth studio album from the American duo Captain & Tennille.	Keeping Our Love Warm	Captain & Tennille
performer	Happiness in Magazines is the fifth solo album by Graham Coxon.	Happiness in Magazines	Graham Coxon
performer	Melodien, die die Welt erobern is a studio album recorded for the German market by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis.	Melodien, die die Welt erobern	Connie Francis
performer	Trickles is the first album by Steve Lacy to be released on the Italian Black Saint label.	Trickles	Steve Lacy
performer	``Butterflies and Hurricanes'' is a song by English alternative rock band Muse from their third studio album, Absolution, and was the last single released from the album.	Butterflies and Hurricanes	Muse
performer	``My Galileo'' was the first entry by Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest, performed at the 2004 Contest in English by Aleksandra and Konstantin.	My Galileo	Aleksandra and Konstantin
performer	Earthtones is the second album from American underground hip hop band Crown City Rockers.	Earthtones	Crown City Rockers
performer	Hello Everything is an album by Squarepusher, released on 16 October 2006.	Hello Everything	Squarepusher
performer	The Story of The Cure, wrote that, along with Faith, the band's next album, Seventeen Seconds' ``gloomscapes'' would be ``a sonic touchstone for the goth movement.''	Seventeen Seconds	The Cure
performer	Love to Make Music To is a studio album by American electronic music producer Daedelus.	Love to Make Music To	Daedelus
performer	Soy Así (I am like this) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican performer José José in 1987.	Soy Así	José José
performer	Endless Pain is the debut studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator, released in October 1985 by Noise Records.	Endless Pain	Kreator
performer	``Pop, Lock & Drop It'' is an uptempo American crunk song and the debut single by the rapper Huey and was produced by Calvin Miller Productions, released from his debut album Notebook Paper.	Pop, Lock & Drop It	Huey
performer	The World We Know is the second studio album by Ace Enders, the second using the name I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business.	The World We Know	I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business
performer	My Remembrance of You is the 2006 breakthrough album by Diana Jones.	My Remembrance of You	Diana Jones
performer	Riddles in the Sand is the thirteenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett.	Riddles in the Sand	Jimmy Buffett
performer	Carnival in Babylon is an LP by German rock artists Amon Düül II which was released in 1972.	Carnival in Babylon	Amon Düül II
performer	``Just a Little Bit of You'' is a song from the 1975 Michael Jackson album titled Forever, Michael.	Just a Little Bit of You	Michael Jackson
performer	On screen Le Chiffre has been portrayed by Peter Lorre in the 1954 television adaptation of the novel for CBS's Climax! television series, by Orson Welles in the 1967 spoof of the novel and Bond film series, and by Mads Mikkelsen in the 2006 film version of Fleming's novel.	Le Chiffre	Peter Lorre	Orson Welles	Mads Mikkelsen
performer	Champion Sound is a studio album by the duo Jaylib (hip hop musicians J Dilla and Madlib).	Champion Sound	Jaylib
performer	Heathenreel is the debut album of Italian folk/power metal band Elvenking.	Heathenreel	Elvenking
performer	``A Voice in the Dark'' is a single by Blind Guardian from their ninth studio album, At the Edge of Time.	A Voice in the Dark	Blind Guardian
performer	``Across the Night'' was the fifth and final single released by rock band Silverchair from their fourth album, Diorama.	Across the Night	Silverchair
performer	Demon Days is the second studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz, released in May 2005.	Demon Days	Gorillaz
performer	Shiretoko Love Song (Japanese: 知床旅情=Shiretoko Ryojō) is a love song whose words and music were made by Hisaya Morishige, related to the Shiretoko Peninsula of Hokkaido, Japan.	Shiretoko Love Song	Hisaya Morishige
performer	``Make Me a Song'' is the debut single by Pop/R&B singer Kiley Dean, released in May 2003.	Make Me a Song	Kiley Dean
performer	Entre Raices y Antenas (Between Roots and Antennae) is the third studio album released by Macaco.	Entre Raices y Antenas	Macaco
performer	``Blackerthreetracker'' is a single by alternative rock band Curve, preceding the issue of their second studio album, Cuckoo.	Blackerthreetracker	Curve
performer	Place to Start Again is the third album by Nashville-based Canadian artist Amanda Stott.	Place to Start Again	Amanda Stott
performer	``You Don't Fool Me'' is a song by Queen, from the 1995 album Made in Heaven.	You Don't Fool Me	Queen
performer	Into the Pandemonium is the third studio album by Swiss extreme metal band Celtic Frost, released in 1987.	Into the Pandemonium	Celtic Frost
performer	Misery Days is the second album released by Oblivion Dust on July 23, 1998.	Misery Days	Oblivion Dust
performer	``Make Peace Not War'' is a song by British MC Skepta.	Make Peace Not War	Skepta
performer	Imperious Delirium is the thirteenth studio album released by Australian rock music group The Saints.	Imperious Delirium	The Saints
performer	Drunk 'n' High is the sixth studio album released by Afroman.	Drunk 'n' High	Afroman
performer	Jennie Bomb is the second album from the all-girl Swedish rock band, Sahara Hotnights.	Jennie Bomb	Sahara Hotnights
performer	St. Arkansas is the twelfth Pere Ubu album, and is often regarded as one of the darkest in the band's catalog.	St. Arkansas	Pere Ubu
performer	``Sugar Town'' is a song written by songwriter-producer Lee Hazlewood and first recorded by American singer Nancy Sinatra in 1966.	Sugar Town	Lee Hazlewood
performer	I Just Want to Make Love to You is a 1954 blues song written by Willie Dixon, first recorded by Muddy Waters, and released as Just Make Love to Me (Chess 1571).	I Just Want to Make Love to You	Muddy Waters
performer	The Räuber is the eleventh album by the German hard rock band Bonfire.	The Räuber	Bonfire
performer	``It's Funky Enough'' is a single by American rapper, The D.O.C., featured as the first track on his 1989 debut album No One Can Do It Better.	It's Funky Enough	The D.O.C.
performer	No Jive is the eighteenth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth, released in 1991.	No Jive	Nazareth
performer	A Portrait of Ray is a studio album by Ray Charles released in March 1968.	A Portrait of Ray	Ray Charles
performer	``Don't You Wanna Feel'' is a dance-pop-rock song written by James Ash and Natalie Bassingthwaighte for the Rogue Traders' third studio album Better in the Dark.	Don't You Wanna Feel	Rogue Traders
performer	``Alcohol Is Free'' is a song performed by Koza Mostra and Agathonas Iakovidis.	Alcohol Is Free	Koza Mostra	Agathonas Iakovidis
performer	Message for the Masses is the second independent album recorded by Sanctus Real.	Message for the Masses	Sanctus Real
performer	Inventions for Electric Guitar is the first solo studio album by electronic artist Manuel Göttsching.	Inventions for Electric Guitar	Manuel Göttsching
performer	Basie's Beatle Bag is a 1966 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra, arranged by Chico O'Farrill.	Basie's Beatle Bag	Count Basie
performer	Sex, Money & Music is the seventh studio album by the Pomona, California rap group Above the Law.	Sex, Money & Music	Above the Law
performer	Groovin' with Golson is the sixth album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1959 and originally released on the New Jazz label.	Groovin' with Golson	Benny Golson
performer	Epiphany in Brooklyn is singer-songwriter Brenda Kahn's 2nd full length album, released in 1992.	Epiphany in Brooklyn	Brenda Kahn
performer	Bugle Boy Bop is an album by trumpeter Lester Bowie and drummer Charles ``Bobo'' Shaw recorded in 1977 and released on the Muse label in 1983.	Bugle Boy Bop	Lester Bowie
performer	``People Need Love'' is a song recorded in March 1972 by Swedish pop group ABBA, at the time known as 'Björn & Benny, Agnetha & Anni-Frid'.	People Need Love	ABBA
performer	``Everyday I Write the Book'' is a song written by Elvis Costello, from Punch the Clock, an album released in 1983 by Elvis Costello and the Attractions.	Everyday I Write the Book	Elvis Costello
performer	``Sunday Will Never Be the Same'' is a 1967 song by the American band Spanky and Our Gang from their self-titled debut album.	Sunday Will Never Be the Same	Spanky and Our Gang
performer	Wall of Arms is the second studio album by the English indie band The Maccabees, released on 4 May 2009.	Wall of Arms	The Maccabees
performer	Somebody Ate My Planet is an album released in 1992 by the New Zealand band Able Tasmans.	Somebody Ate My Planet	Able Tasmans
performer	``A Sorta Fairytale'' is a song written and performed by singer-songwriter Tori Amos.	A Sorta Fairytale	Tori Amos
performer	``Heaven's Here'' is the fourth and final single from former Frankie Goes to Hollywood singer Holly Johnson, from his 1989 debut album Blast.	Heaven's Here	Holly Johnson
performer	``Blue Side of Lonesome'' is a song by Leon Payne, released in 1966 as a single by Jim Reeves (1923-1964).	Blue Side of Lonesome	Jim Reeves
performer	Bodypop is the ninth studio album by German synthpop group And One, released in September 2006 by Out of Line records.	Bodypop	One
performer	3er arco (3rd arch) is the third album by Argentine rock band Los Piojos.	3er arco	Los Piojos
performer	400 Degreez is the third studio album by New Orleans-based rapper Juvenile.	400 Degreez	Juvenile
performer	Ten Black Years is a best-of compilation album by the German thrash metal band Sodom.	Ten Black Years	Sodom
performer	``Time 4 Sum Aksion'' is the second single from Redman's highly acclaimed debut album, Whut?	Time 4 Sum Aksion	Redman
performer	The Most Beautiful Christmas Songs of the World is a compilation/remix album by Boney M. released simultaneously with greatest hits package Gold - 20 Super Hits in November 1992.	The Most Beautiful Christmas Songs of the World	Boney M.
performer	``Fast Train'' is the first single by the Canadian rock band April Wine, from their 1971 self-titled debut album.	Fast Train	April Wine
performer	``Caught in a Moment'' is a song by English girl group Sugababes from their third studio album Three (2003).	Caught in a Moment	Sugababes
performer	If on a Winter's Night... is the ninth studio album from British musician Sting.	If on a Winter's Night...	Sting
performer	Rumasuma is an album by the saxophonist Sonny Simmons which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Contemporary label.	Rumasuma	Sonny Simmons
performer	``Tonight's da Night'' is the third single released by Redman from his debut album, Whut?	Tonight's da Night	Redman
performer	``Ride on Tears'' is a single by the Finnish gothic metal band Charon from their album Songs for the Sinners.	Ride on Tears	Charon
performer	Seth Lakeman's fourth album, Poor Man's Heaven (not to be confused with the EP of the same name released in late 2007), was released on 30 June 2008, entering the UK Album Charts at number 8.	Poor Man's Heaven	Seth Lakeman
performer	Wedding Album is the final in a succession of three experimental albums by John Lennon and Yoko Ono.	Wedding Album	John Lennon
performer	How to Make Enemies and Irritate People is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band Screeching Weasel.	How to Make Enemies and Irritate People	Screeching Weasel
performer	``You Are Everything'' is a soul song written by Thom Bell and Linda Creed that was originally recorded by the Philadelphia soul group The Stylistics.	You Are Everything	The Stylistics
performer	``Where Have All the Good Times Gone'' is a song written by Ray Davies and performed with The Kinks.	Where Have All the Good Times Gone	The Kinks
performer	Blood Libels is the third full-length album by French black metal band Antaeus.	Blood Libels	Antaeus
performer	Capsule Soup (カプセル・スープ) is an EP by The Mad Capsule Markets.	Capsule Soup	The Mad Capsule Markets
performer	Psycho Surgery was the second album by the Christian metal band Tourniquet, released in 1991.	Psycho Surgery	Tourniquet
performer	Tunesmith Retrofit is an album by American blues/folk singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps, released in 2006.	Tunesmith Retrofit	Kelly Joe Phelps
performer	Silencing Machine is the sixth full-length album by black metal band Nachtmystium.	Silencing Machine	Nachtmystium
performer	``Chloe Dancer/Crown of Thorns'' is a song by the Seattle, Washington-based rock band Mother Love Bone.	Chloe Dancer/Crown of Thorns	Mother Love Bone
performer	Discreet Music (1975) is the fourth studio album by the British musician Brian Eno.	Discreet Music	Brian Eno
performer	The Best of Kubota Toshinobu is the fourth album in a series of greatest hits compilations by Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota.	The Best of Kubota Toshinobu	Toshinobu Kubota
performer	``Deport Them'' was the first single released by reggae-dancehall artist Sean Paul from his debut album Stage One.	Deport Them	Sean Paul
performer	Put My Dream on This Planet is the twenty-ninth album by Jandek, and his only new release of 2000 (note that there were numerous reissues of the oldest material).	Put My Dream on This Planet	Jandek
performer	Theme of Secrets was a 'New Age' album written and produced by Eddie Jobson, released in 1985.	Theme of Secrets	Eddie Jobson
performer	Transportation + Communication = Love is an album by Figurine, released in 1999 then re-released in 2002 under the BlackBean & Placenta Tape Club record label.	Transportation + Communication = Love	Figurine
performer	``Hinterm Ozean'' (en: ``Far Beyond the Sea'') is a pop song released by German singer and actress Carolin Fortenbacher in 2008.	Hinterm Ozean	Carolin Fortenbacher
performer	The Siket Disc is a 1999/2000 release from the American band Phish.	The Siket Disc	Phish
performer	I Don't Care Who Knows It is an album by American pianist and arranger Duke Pearson featuring performances recorded between 1968 and 1970.	I Don't Care Who Knows It	Duke Pearson
performer	One Sign is a song recorded by French house group Galleon.	One Sign	Galleon
performer	``Superluv!'' is a song by American comedy YouTube actor Shane Dawson.	Superluv!	Shane Dawson
performer	Tashan Dorrsett is an album by Keith Thornton, better known as Kool Keith, released in 2009.	Tashan Dorrsett	Kool Keith
performer	Travolta Fever is a 1978 album by John Travolta and was released on the Midsong International label.	Travolta Fever	John Travolta
performer	``Little Ole Man (Uptight, Everything's Alright)'' is a 1967 single recorded and released by comedian Bill Cosby, released as a single from the entertainer's first musical comedy album, Silver Throat:	Little Ole Man (Uptight, Everything's Alright)	Bill Cosby
performer	Original Cinema is the twenty-sixth album by Spyro Gyra, recorded and released on February 25, 2003, (see 2003 in music).	Original Cinema	Spyro Gyra
performer	``Silent Sigh'' is a single by British musical artist Badly Drawn Boy from the soundtrack to the film About a Boy.	Silent Sigh	Badly Drawn Boy
performer	Truth in Sincerity is the second full-length album by the pop punk band Amber Pacific and was one of the most anticipated pop punk albums of 2007.	Truth in Sincerity	Amber Pacific
performer	Waste of Mind is the mainstream debut and second studio album overall released by American punk rock band Zebrahead.	Waste of Mind	Zebrahead
performer	``Teenage Dirtbag'' is a song and debut single by American pop rock group Wheatus.	Teenage Dirtbag	Wheatus
performer	``Missing My Baby'' is a song released by American singer Selena on her third studio album Entre a Mi Mundo (1992).	Missing My Baby	Selena
performer	Greatest Hymns is a studio album from the Contemporary Christian group Selah.	Greatest Hymns	Selah
performer	``Do-Wah-Doo'' is a song by English indie pop singer-songwriter Kate Nash, featured on her 2010 second album My Best Friend Is You (2010).	Do-Wah-Doo	Kate Nash
performer	Soul Survivor II is the second studio album from hip hop producer Pete Rock.	Soul Survivor II	Pete Rock
performer	``Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3'' is a song and single by Ian Dury and the Blockheads, initially released as the single ``Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3 / Common as Muck'' issued on 20 July 1979 and reached number 3 in the UK singles Chart the following month.	Reasons to be Cheerful, Part 3	Ian Dury
performer	``A Minute to Pray and a Second to Die'' was the second single released from Scarface's debut album, Mr. Scarface Is Back.	A Minute to Pray and a Second to Die	Scarface
performer	Bad for You Baby is a 2008 album by Northern Irish blues guitarist and singer-songwriter Gary Moore.	Bad for You Baby	Gary Moore
performer	1001° Centigrades is the second album by French Zeuhl band Magma.	1001° Centigrades	Magma
performer	Variations on A Love Supreme is a jazz album composed by Fabrizio Cassol and Kris Defoort.	Variations on A Love Supreme	Fabrizio Cassol
performer	Hammer & Nail is the second album from the Christian metal band Whitecross, released on May 23, 1988.	Hammer & Nail	Whitecross
performer	Last Child is a song performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith.	Last Child	Aerosmith
performer	The Keynote Speaker is the fourth studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member U-God.	The Keynote Speaker	U-God
performer	Don't Worry Lady is the second full length album by the hardcore/thrash band I Hate Sally.	Don't Worry Lady	I Hate Sally
performer	``Petit Frank'' is a 1989 song recorded by the French singer and songwriter François Feldman.	Petit Frank	François Feldman
performer	``Goodbye Is Forever'' was the second single released by the Duran Duran off-shoot band, Arcadia.	Goodbye Is Forever	Arcadia
performer	Safe in My Garden is a song written by John Phillips, and recorded by The Mamas and the Papas.	Safe in My Garden	The Mamas and the Papas
performer	I Blame You is the debut album by the New York City-based rock band Obits, released on March 24, 2009 by Sub Pop. Singer/guitarist Rick Froberg, who is also a visual artist, provided the album's artwork.	I Blame You	Obits
performer	``Canto della Terra'' is an Italian song which was the second single from Italian pop tenor Andrea Bocelli's 1999 album, Sogno.	Canto della Terra	Andrea Bocelli
performer	Keep Your Eye on Me is a pop/R&B/dance album by Herb Alpert, released in 1987.	Keep Your Eye on Me	Herb Alpert
performer	``Both Ends Burning'' is a single by English rock band Roxy Music taken from their 1975 album Siren.	Both Ends Burning	Roxy Music
performer	Måsstaden is the debut album by Swedish djent band Vildhjarta.	Måsstaden	Vildhjarta
performer	``Wind Up Workin' in a Gas Station'' is the opening song on Frank Zappa's album Zoot Allures.	Wind Up Workin' in a Gas Station	Frank Zappa
performer	Aural 6 is an EP by Counting Crows released on November 27, 2008.	Aural 6	Counting Crows
performer	Under the Blacklight is the fourth and final full-length studio album released by American alternative rock band Rilo Kiley.	Under the Blacklight	Rilo Kiley
performer	``Fall at Your Feet'' is a 1991 song by New Zealand / Australian rock group Crowded House from their 1991 album Woodface.	Fall at Your Feet	Crowded House
performer	K-Minus Initiative is the title of the first album by nerdcore (or ``geeksta rap'') band Commodore 64.	K-Minus Initiative	Commodore 64
performer	August Girl is the eighth album by Fiona Sit, and was released on July 8, 2011.	August Girl	Fiona Sit
performer	The Cainian Chronicle is Ancient's second full length release.	The Cainian Chronicle	Ancient
performer	Tougher Than Nails is the ninth studio album released by American country music artist Joe Diffie.	Tougher Than Nails	Joe Diffie
performer	Dr. Crow is a studio album by Mick Farren and friends released in 2002 under the name The Deviants.	Dr. Crow	The Deviants
performer	6 Pieces of Silver is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1957 featuring performances by Silver with Donald Byrd, Hank Mobley, Doug Watkins and Louis Hayes.	6 Pieces of Silver	Horace Silver
performer	C'mon Kids is the fifth album by The Boo Radleys, it was released in September 1996.	C'mon Kids	The Boo Radleys
performer	Here at the Mayflower is an album released by Barry Manilow in 2001.	Here at the Mayflower	Barry Manilow
performer	Colors of Your Love (1991) was the last album in The Archers' three decade-long recording career.	Colors of Your Love	The Archers
performer	``Harlem Shuffle'' is an R&B song written and originally recorded by the duo Bob & Earl in 1963.	Harlem Shuffle	Bob & Earl
performer	Florida Acoustic is an album by Sofia Talvik and was released 2010.	Florida Acoustic	Sofia Talvik
performer	``Fire (Yes, Yes Y'all)'' (simply known as ``Fire'') is a song by American rapper Joe Budden, featuring Busta Rhymes.	Fire (Yes, Yes Y'all)	Joe Budden	Busta Rhymes
performer	``Call Me Back Again'' is a song credited to Paul and Linda McCartney and performed by Wings.	Call Me Back Again	Wings
performer	``Helele'' is a song by South African singer Velile Mchunu and Danish percussion duo Safri Duo.	Helele	Safri Duo
performer	Midnight Rendezvous is an EP by the British heavy metal band Tokyo Blade, released in 1984 through the UK independent record label Powerstation Records.	Midnight Rendezvous	Tokyo Blade
performer	``Spikee'' is a non-album single by Underworld, originally released in 1993 in the UK.	Spikee	Underworld
performer	East L.A. Breeze is the fifth studio album of the indie group Brazzaville.	East L.A. Breeze	Brazzaville
performer	1-OQA+19 is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1977 which features performances by Abrams, Anthony Braxton, Henry Threadgill, Steve McCall and Leonard Jones.	1-OQA+19	Muhal Richard Abrams
performer	Fiends of Dope Island is the eighth and final studio album (and 13th album overall) by the American garage punk band The Cramps.	Fiends of Dope Island	The Cramps
performer	``Talking Body'' is a song by Swedish recording artist Tove Lo, released to American contemporary hit radio on 13 January 2015 through Republic Records.	Talking Body	Tove Lo
performer	``Don't Wanna Fall in Love'' is a 1990 hit song for Toronto-born singer/songwriter/musician Jane Child.	Don't Wanna Fall in Love	Jane Child
performer	``Ascension (Don't Ever Wonder)'' is a song by American R&B/neo soul singer Maxwell and is the second single released from his debut album Maxwell's Urban Hang Suite.	Ascension (Don't Ever Wonder)	Maxwell
performer	Dear 23 is the major label debut by Seattle Alternative rock/grunge/power pop band The Posies.	Dear 23	The Posies
performer	Outgrow is BoA's 4th original Japanese album.	Outgrow	BoA
performer	Humppaelämää is a 2003 album by the Finnish group Eläkeläiset.	Humppaelämää	Eläkeläiset
performer	Hall & Oates released a song titled ``Bigger Than Both of Us'' on their Beauty on a Back Street album one year later.	Bigger Than Both of Us	Hall & Oates
performer	``Les Valses de Vienne'' is a 1989 song originally recorded by the French artist François Feldman for his 1989 album, Une Présence and was the second singles release from that album in November of the same year.	Les Valses de Vienne	François Feldman
performer	War on Time is the first studio album by Australian indie pop band Angelas Dish, released on 23 February 2008.	War on Time	Angelas Dish
performer	La Tenía Más Grande is the title of the second studio album released by norteño music band Los Pikadientes de Caborca.	La Tenía Más Grande	Los Pikadientes de Caborca
performer	The Biggest Thing Since Colossus is an album by American blues musician Otis Spann, released in 1969 (see 1969 in music).	The Biggest Thing Since Colossus	Otis Spann
performer	The Towers of Avarice is Zero Hour's second album, and their first on the Sensory record label.	The Towers of Avarice	Zero Hour
performer	The Whole Thing's Started is the second studio album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply, it was released in July 1977.	The Whole Thing's Started	Air Supply
performer	Syncro System is a 1983 album by Nigerian jùjú band King Sunny Adé And His African Beats.	Syncro System	King Sunny Adé
performer	O God Save Us All is the ninth critically acclaimed album from Christian Rock & Alternative Metal group Disciple released on Nov 13, 2012 in CD & Digital format.	O God Save Us All	Disciple
performer	``Welcome to England'' is a song by American singer and songwriter Tori Amos, appearing on the album Abnormally Attracted to Sin (2009).	Welcome to England	Tori Amos
performer	Restless & Dead is the debut album by Swedish thrash metal band Witchery.	Restless & Dead	Witchery
performer	Original Doberman is the second studio album released by Jamaican singer Shaggy.	Original Doberman	Shaggy
performer	``Glitter & Gold'' is a song by British singer songwriter Rebecca Ferguson.	Glitter & Gold	Rebecca Ferguson
performer	Sings Spirituals is the fourth studio album by B. B. King, released in 1960.	Sings Spirituals	B. B. King
performer	Shedding Skin is the third album by British vocalist and musician Ghostpoet.	Shedding Skin	Ghostpoet
performer	``Me and the Farmer'' is a single by British Indie rock band The Housemartins from the album The People Who Grinned Themselves to Death.	Me and the Farmer	The Housemartins
performer	Forging Ahead is the fourth album by Bad Manners from the year 1982.	Forging Ahead	Bad Manners
performer	Voimasta ja kunniasta (``Of Strength and Honor'') is the second full-length album by the Finnish folk metal band Moonsorrow.	Voimasta ja kunniasta	Moonsorrow
performer	Sex, Age & Death is the fourth solo studio album by Bob Geldof.	Sex, Age & Death	Bob Geldof
performer	``Chiisana Mahō'' is the eighth single by the Japanese rock group Stereopony.	Chiisana Mahō	Stereopony
performer	``The Distance Between Us'' is a song by Norwegian new wave group Fra Lippo Lippi, released as a double A-side (12``) and B-side (7'') to their 1986 single ``Shouldn't Have to Be Like That''.	The Distance Between Us	Fra Lippo Lippi
performer	Soulskinner is the sixth studio album by the German death metal band Fleshcrawl.	Soulskinner	Fleshcrawl
performer	``A Spanish Piece'' is a short track from Pink Floyd's More album, running for just a minute and four seconds.	A Spanish Piece	Pink Floyd
performer	Nothing Like This is the seventh studio album by country music group Rascal Flatts.	Nothing Like This	Rascal Flatts
performer	Amy Grant and songwriters Cristina Carlino (philosophy founder and creator) & Stuart Mathis are donating all artist and publishing royalties generated by the sale of the song ``She Colors My Day'' to the Entertainment Industry Foundation's Women's Cancer Research Fund.	She Colors My Day	Amy Grant
performer	Skylarking is the ninth studio album by the English band XTC, released on 27 October 1986 and produced by American musician Todd Rundgren.	Skylarking	XTC
performer	``Run Samson Run'' is a song written by Neil Sedaka and Howard Greenfield and sung by Neil Sedaka.	Run Samson Run	Neil Sedaka
performer	Memorama is an album released by the Mexican band Allison.	Memorama	Allison
performer	Le Frisur (``Le hairdo'', using the female German noun with the male French article) is a concept album by Die Ärzte.	Le Frisur	Die Ärzte
performer	Soundtrack to the Streets is the second album by Kid Capri, which was released on November 17, 1998 on Track Masters/Columbia/SME Records.	Soundtrack to the Streets	Kid Capri
performer	Across Two Oceans is a neo-classical music album by Tim Janis, released in 2003.	Across Two Oceans	Tim Janis
performer	``J'voulais'' is the second single from French R&B singer Amine's album, Au delà des rêves.	J'voulais	Amine
performer	Versus God is a full-length album released by Dillinger Four.	Versus God	Dillinger Four
performer	Themes 3 is an LP album by Psychic TV.	Themes 3	Psychic TV
performer	``Angel in Blue'' is a song written by Seth Justman that was first released by The J. Geils Band on their 1981 album Freeze Frame.	Angel in Blue	The J. Geils Band
performer	``Born on the Bayou'' (1968) is the first track on Creedence Clearwater Revival's second album, Bayou Country.	Born on the Bayou	Creedence Clearwater Revival
performer	Songs from the Big Chair is the second studio album by the British rock band Tears for Fears, released on 25 February 1985 by Phonogram Records.	Songs from the Big Chair	Tears for Fears
performer	The Magic of the Blue is the second album by American soul group Blue Magic, produced by Norman Harris and Bobby Eli and released in 1974 on the Atco label.	The Magic of the Blue	Blue Magic
performer	Pensiamoci Ogni Sera is an Italian album by Dalida.	Pensiamoci Ogni Sera	Dalida
performer	Boss of the Soul-Stream Trombone is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1960 and released on the Warwick label.	Boss of the Soul-Stream Trombone	Curtis Fuller
performer	Frevoador is the twelfth solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho.	Frevoador	Zé Ramalho
performer	``Battle of Who Could Care Less'' is a song performed by Ben Folds Five, released as part of their 1997 album Whatever and Ever Amen, written by Ben Folds.	Battle of Who Could Care Less	Ben Folds Five
performer	``2 Rights Make 1 Wrong'' is a song by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai from their 2001 album Rock Action.	2 Rights Make 1 Wrong	Mogwai
performer	Oh, Inverted World is the debut studio album by American indie rock band The Shins, released on June 19, 2001 to critical acclaim.	Oh, Inverted World	The Shins
performer	``Don't Know What to Do'' is an electro pop/rock track by New Zealand singer Dane Rumble.	Don't Know What to Do	Dane Rumble
performer	Antimacy is the third and final full-length studio album by Canadian post-hardcore band Dead and Divine.	Antimacy	Dead and Divine
performer	La Recta Final is a 1989 Latin rap album released by Puerto Rican singer and rapper Vico C and by producer DJ Negro.	La Recta Final	Vico C
performer	``Shady Love'' is a song by American pop band Scissor Sisters which features front-man Jake Shears' pseudonym Krystal Pepsy and uncredited vocals from Harlem rapper Azealia Banks.	Shady Love	Scissor Sisters	Jake Shears	Azealia Banks
performer	``Trains and Winter Rains'' is a single by Irish musician Enya, the first to be taken from the album And Winter Came....	Trains and Winter Rains	Enya
performer	Oh We Do Like to Be Beside the Seaside is the debut Studio album by Melbourne based band, The Vasco Era.	Oh We Do Like to Be Beside the Seaside	The Vasco Era
performer	Koi No Yokan is the seventh studio album by the American alternative metal band Deftones.	Koi No Yokan	Deftones
performer	``Here (In Your Arms)'' is the lead single from Hellogoodbye's debut album, Zombies!	Here (In Your Arms)	Hellogoodbye
performer	``Pearl's Dream'' is a song by English recording artist Bat for Lashes from her second studio album Two Suns (2009).	Pearl's Dream	Bat for Lashes
performer	Y Tenerte Otra Vez is a studio album released by Pepe Aguilar.	Y Tenerte Otra Vez	Pepe Aguilar
performer	Road Trips Volume 1 Number 2 is a live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead, the second in their ``Road Trips'' series of archival releases.	Road Trips Volume 1 Number 2	Grateful Dead
performer	You Won't Find Me There is Pamela Moore's second solo album, released under First American Records in 1982.	You Won't Find Me There	Pamela Moore
performer	Destroy All Human Life is the third studio album by Country Teasers, recorded by Fred Baggs.	Destroy All Human Life	Country Teasers
performer	Skor-Piony (Russian: Sкор-Пионы;Scorpions or Scor-Peonies) is Linda's seventh studio album (sixteenth overall), released in Russia on March 28, 2006.	Skor-Piony	Linda
performer	Unblessing the Purity is the second EP by Swedish death metal band Bloodbath.	Unblessing the Purity	Bloodbath
performer	Prendre l'air is the third album by French singer Shy'm.	Prendre l'air	Shy'm
performer	Grayfolded is a two-CD album produced by John Oswald featuring the Grateful Dead song ``Dark Star''.	Grayfolded	Grateful Dead
performer	Halutuimmat is a compilation album by a Finnish singer-songwriter Aki Sirkesalo.	Halutuimmat	Aki Sirkesalo
performer	The Sad and Tragic Demise of Big Fine Hot Salty Black Wind is the third album by free jazz ensemble Universal Congress Of, released on October 17, 1991 through Enemy Records.	The Sad and Tragic Demise of Big Fine Hot Salty Black Wind	Universal Congress Of
performer	``Ingen sommar utan reggae'' is a massive Swedish summer hit for Markoolio in the Swedish Singles Chart written by Johan Fjellström, Joakim Hillson and Nicklas Ternedal.	Ingen sommar utan reggae	Markoolio
performer	Ausserwelt is the second studio album by French band Year of No Light, released in 2010.	Ausserwelt	Year of No Light
performer	Too Much Guitar is the third album by the Reigning Sound.	Too Much Guitar	Reigning Sound
performer	I/flancy is the third album by Hitomi Yaida released on 9 October 2002.	I/flancy	Hitomi Yaida
performer	``Entrégate'' (``Surrender to Me'') is a pop song written, produced and arranged by Juan Carlos Calderón, and performed by Mexican singer Luis Miguel.	Entrégate	Luis Miguel
performer	``Game Don't Wait'' was the second single released from Warren G's third album, I Want It All.	Game Don't Wait	Warren G
performer	Elegantly Wasted is the tenth studio album by Australian rock band INXS.	Elegantly Wasted	INXS
performer	Matrikula (lit. Tuition Fee) is a 2009 album and his 4th album by Filipino rapper Gloc-9.	Matrikula	Gloc-9
performer	Wound Creations is the first full-length album of the former death metal band Amoral.	Wound Creations	Amoral
performer	``England Swings (Like a Pendulum Do)'' is a 1965 country music song written and performed by Roger Miller.	England Swings	Roger Miller
performer	E2-E4, released in 1984, is a solo recording by Ash Ra Tempel/Ashra guitarist Manuel Göttsching.	E2-E4	Manuel Göttsching
performer	``We Are Young'' is a song recorded by American band Fun featuring Janelle Monáe, for their second studio album, Some Nights (2012).	We Are Young	Fun	Janelle Monáe
performer	``U Want Me 2'' is a song by Sarah McLachlan and is the lead original single from her 2008 greatest hits album, Closer:	U Want Me 2	Sarah McLachlan
performer	Supervillain Outcast is the fourth full-length album by Norwegian black metal band Dødheimsgard, now under the moniker DHG.	Supervillain Outcast	Dødheimsgard
performer	``Take Me to the Country'' is a song recorded by American country music artist, Mel McDaniel.	Take Me to the Country	Mel McDaniel
performer	Everybody's Dancin' is the tenth studio album by the funk band Kool and the Gang, released in 1978.	Everybody's Dancin'	Kool and the Gang
performer	``One Slip'' is a song from Pink Floyd's 1987 album A Momentary Lapse of Reason.	One Slip	Pink Floyd
performer	When It Was Now is the debut studio album by Australian alternative rock band Atlas Genius, released on 19 February 2013 by Warner Bros. Records.	When It Was Now	Atlas Genius
performer	On the Sun is the second album by New Zealand reggae band The Black Seeds released in 2004.	On the Sun	The Black Seeds
performer	``Dream Weaver'' is a song by Gary Wright that was a hit single in the US, reaching #2 in the Billboard charts while it reached #1 in the Cash Box charts in 1976.	Dream Weaver	Gary Wright
performer	The Songs That Got Away is an album by English soprano Sarah Brightman.	The Songs That Got Away	Sarah Brightman
performer	Grün & Blau (Green and Blue) is a compilation album by Feeling B. It contains re-recorded and remixed Feeling B songs that were uncovered by Christian Lorenz.	Grün & Blau	Feeling B
performer	Il mio sbaglio più grande (English: My biggest mistake) is the second single of Italian singer Laura Pausini's Tra te e il mare.	Il mio sbaglio più grande	Laura Pausini
performer	Trane Whistle is an album by saxophonist Eddie ``Lockjaw'' Davis' Big Band with arrangements by Oliver Nelson and Ernie Wilkins recorded in 1960 and released on the Prestige label.	Trane Whistle	Eddie ``Lockjaw'' Davis
performer	Galería Caribe (English: Caribbean Gallery) is the eighth studio album released on October 24, 2000 by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona and became his first number-one album in the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart, peaking at the top of the chart in 2000 and 2001.	Galería Caribe	Ricardo Arjona
performer	``If You Were with Me Now'' is a pop song written by British songwriting team Stock and Waterman, Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue and American R&B singer Keith Washington for Minogue's fourth studio album Let's Get to It (1991).	If You Were with Me Now	Kylie Minogue	Keith Washington
performer	Moonflower Plastic (Welcome To My Wigwam) is the second solo album by Guided by Voices member Tobin Sprout released in 1997.	Moonflower Plastic	Tobin Sprout
performer	A Lonely Man is the fourth studio album by American soul group The Chi-Lites, produced and largely written by lead singer Eugene Record.	A Lonely Man	The Chi-Lites
performer	``Time of the Season'' is a song by the British rock band The Zombies, featured on their 1968 album Odessey and Oracle.	Time of the Season	The Zombies
performer	Amor, Familia y Respeto (English: Love, Family and Respect) is the debut studio album by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia Kings and the debut studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla.	Amor, Familia y Respeto	Kumbia Kings
performer	``Luv of My Life'' is the first single released off DJ Quik's eight studio album, The Book of David.	Luv of My Life	DJ Quik
place of birth	József Bozsik was born in Kispest, now a district of Budapest.	József Bozsik	Kispest
place of birth	Jean Kerebel (Jean-Baptiste Kerebel; 2 April 1918 in Paris -- 9 March 2010) was a French track and field athlete who mainly competed in the 400 metres.	Jean Kerebel	Paris
place of birth	Born on 19 March 1943 in Coventry, Warwickshire, Peter Eugene Ball attended Coventry College of Art from 1957 until 1962 where he obtained the National Diploma of Design.	Peter Eugene Ball	Coventry
place of birth	Luciano Chiarugi (Italian pronunciation: (luˈtʃano kjaˈrudʒi); born January 13, 1947 in Ponsacco, Province of Pisa) is an Italian football manager and former player.	Luciano Chiarugi	Ponsacco
place of birth	Considered the grande dame of Hindi literature, Krishna Sobti was born in Gujrat, Punjab, now in Pakistan; she also writes under the name Hashmat and has published Hum Hashmat, a compilation of pen portraits of writers and friends.	Krishna Sobti	Gujrat
place of birth	David Schoenbrun (March 15, 1915- May 23, 1988), born in New York City, was an American broadcast journalist.	David Schoenbrun	New York City
place of birth	Robert Muchamore was born in London, and is the youngest of four children.	Robert Muchamore	London
place of birth	Dave Bussey (born 4 October 1952 in Drayton, Norfolk), is a British radio DJ who, until March 2008, presented The Dave Bussey Show on BBC Radio Lincolnshire.	Dave Bussey	Drayton, Norfolk
place of birth	Tristan Louis (born February 28, 1971 in Digne-les-Bains, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence) is a French-born American author, entrepreneur and internet activist.	Tristan Louis	Digne-les-Bains
place of birth	Dany Maury (born 18 August 1994 in Douala, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian football player who plays as a centre back for Ligue 1 club Toulouse FC.	Dany Maury	Douala
place of birth	Paul Ulenbelt (born April 1, 1952 in Haaksbergen) is a Dutch politician and former trade unionist and academic.	Paul Ulenbelt	Haaksbergen
place of birth	Jeannette Pennings (born 7 October 1977 in Alphen aan den Rijn) is a Dutch bobsledder and track and field athlete.	Jeannette Pennings	Alphen aan den Rijn
place of birth	Alex Prager (born November 1, 1979) is an American art photographer and filmmaker based in Los Angeles.	Alex Prager	Los Angeles
place of birth	Lászlóné Németh or Zsuzsanna Németh (née Zsuzsanna Serényi; Budapest, July 16, 1953), Hungarian politician and economist, who served as Minister of National Development in Viktor Orbán's government between 23 December 2011 and 6 June 2014.	Zsuzsanna Németh	Budapest
place of birth	X-Alfonso (born c. 1974 as Equis Alfonso) is a Cuban hip hop and afro-rock musician, who played with Audioslave in a concert in Havana on May 7, 2005 in ``Tribuna Anti-imperialista''.	X-Alfonso	Havana
place of birth	Marcel Titsch-Rivero (born 2 November 1989 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German footballer of Spanish origin, who plays for 1.	Marcel Titsch-Rivero	Frankfurt
place of birth	Kevin Sanasy (born 2 November 1984 in Leeds) is an English football player of Mauritian descent who plays for Bradford Park Avenue as a Striker.	Kevin Sanasy	Leeds
place of birth	Joan Cook (born October 6, 1934 in English Harbour West, Newfoundland) was a Canadian Senator for Newfoundland and Labrador.	Joan Cook	English Harbour West
place of birth	Clara Podda (born 19 July 1951 in Cagliari) is an Italian paralympic athlete who has won two medals at the Summer Paralympics.	Clara Podda	Cagliari
place of birth	Born in Rio de Janeiro, Octávio kicked off his career with Botafogo and made his debut in 2013.	Octávio	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Colette Braeckman is a Belgian journalist, born April 20, 1946, in Ixelles.	Colette Braeckman	Ixelles
place of birth	Erik Rengifo (born November 8, 1989 in Woodhaven, New York) is an American soccer who is currently without a club.	Erik Rengifo	Woodhaven
place of birth	Wilfred Pickles OBE (13 October 1904 in Halifax -- 27 March 1978 in Brighton) was an English actor and radio presenter.	Wilfred Pickles	Halifax
place of birth	Joseph Jules Dejerine was born to French parents in Geneva, Switzerland, where his father was a carriage proprietor.	Joseph Jules Dejerine	Geneva
place of birth	Bettina von Arnim was born at Frankfurt am Main, into the large family of an Italian merchant.	Bettina von Arnim	Frankfurt
place of birth	Rachel Azaria (Hebrew: רחל עזריה‎, born 21 December 1977), is an Israeli politician, currently serving as a member of the Knesset for Kulanu She previously served as deputy mayor and member of the Jerusalem City Council.	Rachel Azaria	Jerusalem
place of birth	Wiesław Hartman (born 31 October 1950 in Kwidzyn) is a Polish show jumping equestrian, Olympic medalist from 1980.	Wiesław Hartman	Kwidzyn
place of birth	Alec Gores was born in 1953 in Nazareth, Israel, to a Greek father and Lebanese mother.	Alec Gores	Nazareth
place of birth	Born in Daegu, in 1951, Kim Byeong-eon graduated from Seoul National University's Department of Linguistics.	Kim Byeong-eon	Daegu
place of birth	Mohamad Jaafar (Arabic: محمد جعفر‎; born 7 June 1990 in Latakia) is a Syrian footballer who currently plays for Al-Wahda in Syria.	Mohamad Jaafar	Latakia
place of birth	Gulfam Khan was born in Mumbai, as daughter of Pathan parents, who were settled in Bombay, now known as Mumbai.	Gulfam Khan	Mumbai
place of birth	Joseph Cotten was born in 1905 in Petersburg, Virginia, the first of three sons born to Joseph Cheshire Cotten, Sr., an assistant postmaster, and Sally Willson Cotten.	Joseph Cotten	Petersburg
place of birth	Jens Christian Hostrup (born 20 May 1818 in Copenhagen - d. 21 November 1892 in Frederiksberg) was a Danish poet, dramatist and priest.	Jens Christian Hostrup	Copenhagen
place of birth	Kenneth Tam (born 1984 in St. John's, Newfoundland) is a Canadian science-fiction author.	Kenneth Tam	St. John
place of birth	Tanja Bošković (Serbian Cyrillic: Тања Бошковић) (born 27 June 1953 in Belgrade) is a Serbian actress.	Tanja Bošković	Belgrade
place of birth	Adam Minarovich (born January 30, 1977 Houston, Texas) is an American actor, screenwriter and film director.	Adam Minarovich	Houston
place of birth	Micky Groome (born Michael John Groome, 20 March 1951, Hemel Hempstead, England) is an English bassist, guitarist, vocalist, songwriter and producer.	Micky Groome	Hemel Hempstead
place of birth	Štěpán Krtička (born March 19, 1996 in Prague) is a Czech film and television child actor.	Štěpán Krtička	Prague
place of birth	Alfred Victor Smith's father was a Police officer and although Alfred was born in Guildford, the family moved several times in his youth, and Alfred sang as a boy chorister in St Albans Cathedral Choir.	Alfred Victor Smith	Guildford
place of birth	Osvaldo Giroldo Júnior (born 22 February 1973 in São Paulo), known as Juninho Paulista or Juninho, is a former Brazilian footballer.	Juninho Paulista	São Paulo
place of birth	Tommy Stewart (born 26 May 1966 in Flint, Michigan) is an American drummer, currently for the rock band Lo-Pro. He is probably best known for his stint with the band Godsmack.	Tommy Stewart	Flint
place of birth	Charles Henry Parkhurst (April 17, 1842 -- September 8, 1933) was an American clergyman and social reformer, born in Framingham, Massachusetts.	Charles Henry Parkhurst	Framingham
place of birth	Şenol Birol (born 1936 in Rize) was a Turkish football player of rivals Beşiktaş J.K. and Fenerbahçe.	Şenol Birol	Rize
place of birth	Roger T. Pipe (born October 17, 1967) is the pseudonym of an American pornographic film critic, adult radio commentator, and occasional writer and director who resides in California.	Roger T. Pipe	California
place of birth	Dana Frederick White, Jr. was born to Dana White, Sr. and June White on July 28, 1969 in Manchester, Connecticut.	Dana White	Manchester
place of birth	Oscar von Schüppel (10 August 1837, near Dresden -- 26 August 1881, Bad Serneus, Switzerland) was a German pathologist.	Oscar von Schüppel	Dresden
place of birth	Larry Reithmaier (born May 28, 1921 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American engineer and author.	Larry Reithmaier	Chicago
place of birth	Stephen Charnock (1628--1680), Puritan divine, was an English Puritan Presbyterian clergyman born at the St Katherine Cree parish of London.	Stephen Charnock	London
place of birth	Max Hopper was born in a log house near Lufkin to Irvin Washington Hopper (b. 1910) and Norma Dunn Hopper (b. 1913).	Max Hopper	Lufkin
place of birth	Ronnie Verrell was born on 21 February 1926 in Rochester, Kent in England.	Ronnie Verrell	Rochester
place of birth	Stepan Vytvytskyi was born on 13 March 1884, in the village of Uhornyky, next to the city of Stanislawow, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria in Austria-Hungary (now Ukraine).	Stepan Vytvytskyi	Uhornyky
place of birth	Indra Sinha (born in 1950 in Colaba, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India) is a British writer of English and Indian descent.	Indra Sinha	Colaba
place of birth	David B. Coe (born March 12, 1963 in New York City) is an author of fantasy novels and short stories.	David B. Coe	New York City
place of birth	Wei Qun (Chinese: 魏群 born 10 February 1972 in Zigong, Sichuan) is a Chinese football coach and a former player who is predominantly remembered for spending the majority of his career with Sichuan Quanxing where he was a defender while internationally he represented China in the 1996 Asian Cup.	Wei Qun	Zigong
place of birth	Herbert Aptheker was born in Brooklyn, New York, the last child of a wealthy Jewish family.	Herbert Aptheker	Brooklyn
place of birth	Philip Gidley King was born at Launceston England on 23 April 1758, the son of draper Philip King, and grandson of Exeter attorney-at-law John Gidley.	Philip Gidley King	Launceston
place of birth	Billy Little (born 4 February 1940) in Dumfries is a Scottish ex-professional association footballer and manager best known for his time at Aberdeen.	Billy Little	Dumfries
place of birth	Jan Bułhak was born on October 6, 1876 in Ostaszyn (Belarusian: Асташын), near Navahrudak (Belarusian: Навагрудак), Russian Empire (now Belarus).	Jan Bułhak	Navahrudak
place of birth	Born in Curitiba, Paraná, Léo Pereira finished his formation with Atlético Paranaense.	Léo Pereira	Curitiba
place of birth	Mike Wilds (born 7 January 1946 in Chiswick, London) is a British racing driver from England.	Mike Wilds	London
place of birth	George Juskalian was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts on June 7, 1914, the youngest son of Armenian parents Kevork Juskalian (1861--1938) and Maritza Ferrahian (1876--1960).	George Juskalian	Fitchburg
place of birth	Stéphan Bureau (born July 2, 1964 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian journalist, TV interviewer and producer of TV shows and documentary series.	Stéphan Bureau	Montreal
place of birth	Born in Ponta Delgada, São Miguel Island in the Azores, Pauleta started his career at youth level playing for local clubs in his native island, before turning professional in the lower leagues.	Pauleta	Ponta Delgada
place of birth	Nicolas Crosbie (born April 2, 1980 in Niort, Deux-Sèvres) is a French professional road bicycle racer who is currently unattached.	Nicolas Crosbie	Niort
place of birth	Piret Viirma (born 27 March 1968 in Paide) is an Estonian draughts player who was her nation's champion in women's draughts for 1998.	Piret Viirma	Paide
place of birth	Vilmos Pál Tomcsányi (8 February 1880 in Budapest -- 7 May 1959) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Interior Minister in 1921.	Vilmos Pál Tomcsányi	Budapest
place of birth	Eddy Pauwels (Bornem, 2 May 1935) is a former Belgian racing cyclist from 1958 to 1966.	Eddy Pauwels	Bornem
place of birth	Henrique Almeida Caixeta Nascentes, known as Henrique Almeida or simply Henrique (born May 27, 1991 in Brasília), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Grêmio.	Henrique Almeida	Brasília
place of birth	Dušan Mileusnić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Милеуснић; born 10 April 1984 in Belgrade) is a professional Serbian footballer currently plays for NK Novigrad.	Dušan Mileusnić	Belgrade
place of birth	Ernest Halliwell was born on 7 September 1864 in Ealing, Middlesex, the son of Richard Halliwell, who was a wicket-keeper for Middlesex County Cricket Club.	Ernest Halliwell	Ealing
place of birth	Léon Matthieu Cochereau (1793, Montigny-le-Gannelon - 30 August 1817) was a French painter.	Léon Matthieu Cochereau	Montigny-le-Gannelon
place of birth	Jeffrey Haynes (born December 28, 1977), better known by his stage name Mr. Lif, is an American hip hop artist from Boston, Massachusetts.	Mr. Lif	Boston
place of birth	Thernand Bakouboula (born March 6, 1988 in Échirolles) is a French-born Congolese footballer, who currently plays for FC Echirolles.	Thernand Bakouboula	Échirolles
place of birth	Born in Kharkiv, Ukraine, Oleg Goncharenko made his international debut in 1953 and promptly became World Allround Champion.	Oleg Goncharenko	Kharkiv
place of birth	Bernard Malamud was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Bertha (née Fidelman) and Max Malamud, Russian Jewish immigrants.	Bernard Malamud	Brooklyn
place of birth	Born in New York City, Dovima was discovered on a sidewalk in New York by an editor at Vogue, and had a photo shoot with Irving Penn the following day.	Dovima	New York City
place of birth	John Whiteaker was born in Dearborn County in the southeast corner of Indiana to farmers on May 4, 1820.	John Whiteaker	Dearborn County
place of birth	Erich Häßler (April 22, 1899 -- December 2, 2005) was a German pediatrician and academic from Leipzig, Saxony.	Erich Häßler	Leipzig
place of birth	Mohan Lal Sukhadia was born in a Vaishnavite family of Jhalawar, Rajasthan.	Mohan Lal Sukhadia	Jhalawar
place of birth	Born in Londrina, Jádson began his career playing for Atlético Paranaense in Brazil, where he helped the squad to win two Paranaense Championships (2002, 2005) and to be runners-up in the Brazilian league (2004).	Jádson	Londrina
place of birth	Franz Georg Philipp Buchenau (January 12, 1831 -- April 23, 1906) was a German botanist and phytogeographer who was a native of Kassel.	Franz Georg Philipp Buchenau	Kassel
place of birth	Russell Henderson was born in Belmont, Port-of-Spain, Trinidad, where he grew up.	Russell Henderson	Trinidad
place of birth	Mamuka Jugeli known as Ivane Jugheli (born 14 December 1969 in Zestaponi) is a former Georgian footballer, currently is a football manager and scout.	Mamuka Jugeli	Zestaponi
place of birth	Jean-Bernard Gauthier de Murnan (1748, Bourg-en-Bresse -- 27 September 1796) was a French officer for the Continental Army and a French General during the French Revolution.	Jean-Bernard Gauthier de Murnan	Bourg-en-Bresse
place of birth	Dieter Engels (born February 7, 1950 in Mechernich) is a German lawyer and senior government official.	Dieter Engels	Mechernich
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste-Joseph de Coriolis de Villeneuve d'Espinouse was born in an aristocratic family on January 30, 1655 in Aix-en-Provence.	Jean-Baptiste-Joseph de Coriolis de Villeneuve d'Espinouse	Aix-en-Provence
place of birth	Alphonso Hart (July 4, 1830 -- December 23, 1910) was a Republican politician from the U.S. State of Ohio who was a U.S. Representative, in the Ohio State Senate, and the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Ohio.	Alphonso Hart	Ohio
place of birth	Sajjad Anoushiravani Hamlabad (Persian: سجاد انوشیروانی حمل‌آباد‎‎, born May 12, 1984 in Ardabil) is an Iranian weightlifter in the +105 kg category.	Sajjad Anoushiravani	Ardabil
place of birth	Borys Wrzesnewskyj (/ˈbɔːrᵻs ʒɛzˈnɛfski/ zhez-NEF-skee; born November 10, 1960) is a Canadian politician who represented riding of Etobicoke Centre in the Canadian House of Commons from 2004 to 2011.	Borys Wrzesnewskyj	Etobicoke
place of birth	Michèle Reverdy was born in Alexandria, Egypt, and began piano lessons at age six.	Michèle Reverdy	Alexandria
place of birth	Jelle Wagenaar (born 30 August 1989 in Ureterp) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender and who is currently without a club.	Jelle Wagenaar	Ureterp
place of birth	Marc Henneaux is a Belgian theoretical physicist and professor at the Université Libre de Bruxelles (ULB) who was born in Brussels on March 5, 1955.	Marc Henneaux	Brussels
place of birth	Luciano Maiani (born 16 July 1941 in Rome) is a San Marino citizen physicist best known for his prediction of the charm quark with Sheldon Lee Glashow and John Iliopoulos (the ``GIM mechanism'').	Luciano Maiani	Rome
place of birth	Ilse Blumenthal-Weiss was born on 14 October 1899 in Berlin to Gottlieb Weiss, a clothing store owner, and Hedwig Weiss-Brock.	Ilse Blumenthal-Weiss	Berlin
place of birth	Albert Gottschalk was born in Stege on the island of Møn.	Albert Gottschalk	Stege
place of birth	Nicasio Silverio (born December 27, 1930 in Havana) was a Cuban swimmer.	Nicasio Silverio	Havana
place of birth	Arlete Salles, stage name Arlette Sales Lopes (born Paudalho, June 17, 1942) is a Brazilian actress.	Arlete Salles	Paudalho
place of birth	Tanikella Bharani was born to a Telugu family in Secunderabad to TVV Setu Ramalingeswar Rao and Laxminarasamma.	Tanikella Bharani	Secunderabad
place of birth	Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Sydney Walker was primarily a stage actor, who made his professional debut in 1960 and performing in twenty-eight Broadway plays between 1961 and 1973.	Sydney Walker	Philadelphia
place of birth	Bob Rakušan (born 6 February 1948, Prague) is a contemporary artist creating large-fired enamel works on black steel plate, scrap and salvaged objects, such as stove tops, ovens and various other objects.	Bob Rakušan	Prague
place of birth	Elaine Cunningham (born August 12, 1957 in New York City) is an American fantasy and science fiction author, especially known for her contributions to the Dungeons & Dragons role playing game campaign setting of Forgotten Realms, including the realms of Evermeet, Halruaa, Ruathym and Waterdeep.	Elaine Cunningham	New York City
place of birth	Terry Swartzberg (born July 22, 1953 in Norwalk, Connecticut) is an American PA (public affairs) campaigner and journalist.	Terry Swartzberg	Norwalk
place of birth	Yannick de Wit (born 26 August 1986, Zaanstad) is a Dutch football player who is currently without a club.	Yannick de Wit	Zaanstad
place of birth	Siglinde Kallnbach (born in 1956 in Tann, Hesse) is an internationally active German artist.	Siglinde Kallnbach	Tann, Hesse
place of birth	Annemarie Eilfeld (born 2 May 1990 in Lutherstadt Wittenberg, Saxony-Anhalt) is a German singer and songwriter, best known for being a former contestant of Deutschland sucht den Superstar, the German version of the Idols franchise.	Annemarie Eilfeld	Lutherstadt Wittenberg
place of birth	Wayne Dawson (born April 24, 1955) is an American award-winning television newscaster and co-host of Fox 8 in the Morning, a morning show broadcast on Fox affiliate WJW-TV Channel 8, in Cleveland, Ohio.	Wayne Dawson	Cleveland
place of birth	Véréna Paravel (born 21 April 1971 in Neuchâtel, Switzerland) is a French anthropologist and artist who works in film, video, and photography.	Véréna Paravel	Neuchâtel
place of birth	David E. Sanger (born July 5, 1960 in White Plains, New York) is the chief Washington correspondent for The New York Times.	David E. Sanger	White Plains
place of birth	Phil Comeau, CM is a Canadian film and television director, born in Saulnierville, Nova Scotia and living in Montreal, Quebec.	Phil Comeau	Saulnierville
place of birth	Paul M. Herzog was born in New York City on August 21, 1906, to Mr. and Mrs. Paul Herzog.	Paul M. Herzog	New York City
place of birth	Nancy Scheper-Hughes (born 1944, New York City) is a professor of Anthropology and director of the program in Medical Anthropology at the University of California at Berkeley.	Nancy Scheper-Hughes	New York City
place of birth	Nevdür Hanımefendi was born in 1861 in Batumi, Georgia to a Georgian noble family.	Nevdür Hanımefendi	Batumi
place of birth	Austin Ramirez (born June 30, 1978 in Brookfield, Wisconsin) is the president and CEO of HUSCO International.	Austin Ramirez	Brookfield
place of birth	Elliott Hayes was born in Stratford, Ontario to a theatrical family, the grandson of classical actor George Hayes and the son of John Sullivan Hayes, one of the original company members of the Stratford Festival.	Elliott Hayes	Stratford
place of birth	Laurence Roche (also written as Lawrence Roche) (born 15 October 1967 in Dublin) is a former professional Irish road racing cyclist.	Laurence Roche	Dublin
place of birth	Paúl Fernando Carrera Velasteguí, known better as Polo Carrera (born January 11, 1945 in Quito), is an Ecuadorian retired football player and former manager.	Polo Carrera	Quito
place of birth	Yu Fengtong (simplified Chinese: 于凤桐; traditional Chinese: 於鳳桐; pinyin: Yú Fèngtóng; born 15 December 1984 in Yichun, Heilongjiang) is a speed skater who has participated in the Olympics for the nation of China.	Yu Fengtong	Yichun
place of birth	Rigels Qose (born 3 August 1977 in Korçë) is an Albanian former football player who played for Skënderbeu Korçë, Dinamo Tirana, Western Mass Pioneers, Partizani Tirana and Skënderbeu in the USA.	Rigels Qose	Korçë
place of birth	Jamal Fakir (born 30 August 1982 in Fes, Morocco) is a Moroccan-Frenchrugby league player for the Bradford Bulls club in the European Super League competition.	Jamal Fakir	Fes
place of birth	Liu Shishi (born March 10, 1987 in Beijing, China), also known by her English name Cecilia Liu, is a Chinese actress and ballerina.	Liu Shishi	Beijing
place of birth	Ye Shiwen (born March 1, 1996 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a Chinese swimmer.	Ye Shiwen	Hangzhou
place of birth	Herman de Lynden (Liège, 1547- June 5, 1603, Reckheim), baron of Reckheim and of the Holy Roman Empire, was a military leader serving the Prince-Bishopric of Liège and the Holy Roman Empire.	Herman de Lynden	Liège
place of birth	Stanley Howse, better known as Flesh-n-Bone (born June 2, 1973), is an American rapper from Cleveland, Ohio, and is known as a member of the rap group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.	Flesh-n-Bone	Cleveland
place of birth	Zhu Yufu (Chinese: 朱虞夫; pinyin: Zhū Yúfū), born 13 February 1953 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China, is a political dissident.	Zhu Yufu	Hangzhou
place of birth	Steve Carson (born 1968 in Belfast) is an Irish director and producer of television.	Steve Carson	Belfast
place of birth	Peggy Olmi (born 12 April 1976 in Paris) is a French television host of Corsican descent.	Peggy Olmi	Paris
place of birth	Lubert Stryer (born March 2, 1938, in Tianjin, China) is the Mrs. George A. Winzer Professor of Cell Biology, Emeritus, at the Stanford University School of Medicine.	Lubert Stryer	Tianjin
place of birth	John Ernest Grabe (July 10, 1666 -- November 3, 1711), Anglican divine, was born at Königsberg, where his father, Martin Sylvester Grabe, was professor of theology and history.	John Ernest Grabe	Königsberg
place of birth	Anna Frebel (born 1980 in Berlin) is a German astronomer working on discovering the oldest stars in the universe.	Anna Frebel	Berlin
place of birth	Emil Osann (May 25, 1787 -- January 11, 1842) was a German physician and physiologist from Weimar.	Emil Osann	Weimar
place of birth	Pete Rock was born in The Bronx, New York, the sixth of seven children born to Jamaican immigrant parents.	Pete Rock	The Bronx
place of birth	David Rosenmann-Taub (born May 3, 1927, Santiago) is a Chilean poet, musician, and artist.	David Rosenmann-Taub	Santiago
place of birth	Ladislas Douniama (born May 24, 1986 in Brazzaville) is a French-Congolese football player who is currently playing RC Strasbourg.	Ladislas Douniama	Brazzaville
place of birth	John-Paul Himka (born May 18, 1949 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American-Canadian historian and retired professor of history of the University of Alberta in Edmonton.	John-Paul Himka	Detroit
place of birth	Stuart Robinson (born 20 June 1979, Carrickfergus, County Antrim) is a Northern Ireland broadcaster with Cool FM , Downtown Radio and Downtown Country, he had previously launched and became the longest running presenter to date on rival station Belfast CityBeat from 1996 before his defection in 2010.	Stuart Robinson	Carrickfergus
place of birth	David Geraint Williams, known as Geraint Williams (born 5 January 1962 in Cwmparc) is a Welsh football manager and former international footballer.	Geraint Williams	Cwmparc
place of birth	Simon Nabatov (born 11 January 1959 in Moscow) is a Russian jazz pianist.	Simon Nabatov	Moscow
place of birth	Paul Niger (1933-1962), was a poet and political activist from Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe.	Paul Niger	Basse-Terre
place of birth	Gabriele Hess (born April 1, 1971 in Leipzig, Saxony) was a German cross country skier who competed from 1989 to 1993.	Gabriele Hess	Leipzig
place of birth	Vladimir Restoin Roitfeld (born December 1984 in Paris, France) is an art dealer and curator and the founder of Feedback Ltd., a private art dealership based in Manhattan.	Vladimir Restoin Roitfeld	Paris
place of birth	Dejan Židan (Pronounced: Deyan Zhidan - Dɛyan ʒidan) was born 16 October 1967 in Maribor.	Dejan Židan	Maribor
place of birth	Giovanni Costa was born in Rome on 15 October 1826, the fourteenth of the sixteen children of Gioacchino Costa (died 1842) and Maria Chiappi (died 1857).	Giovanni Costa	Rome
place of birth	Ariadna Romero (born 19 September 1986 in Fomento) is a Cuban model and actress naturalized Italian.	Ariadna Romero	Fomento
place of birth	Ilja Richter (24 November 1952 in Berlin) is a German actor, voice actor, television presenter, singer and author.	Ilja Richter	Berlin
place of birth	Kamleshwar Prasad Saxena was born in the Mainpuri district of Uttar Pradesh, India, where he spent his early years.	Kamleshwar	Mainpuri
place of birth	Colin Vint (born November 20, 1984 in Bethesda, Maryland) is an American soccer player who most recently played for the German side SV Henstedt-Rhen.	Colin Vint	Bethesda
place of birth	Nouriel Roubini was born in Istanbul, Turkey, to Iranian Jewish parents.	Nouriel Roubini	Istanbul
place of birth	Otto Eugen Schulz (31 October 1874 - 17 February 1936) was a German botanist, born in Berlin.	Otto Eugen Schulz	Berlin
place of birth	Aldo Tambellini was born in Syracuse, New York, the second child of an Italian-Brazilian father, John Tambellini, and an Italian mother.	Aldo Tambellini	Syracuse
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste Oudry was born in Paris, the son of Jacques Oudry, a painter and art dealer, and his wife Nicole Papillon, relative of the engraver Jean-Baptiste-Michel Papillon.	Jean-Baptiste Oudry	Paris
place of birth	Victor Mendy (born 22 December 1981 in Dakar) is a French-Senegalese footballer, who will play for NorthEast United FC as a striker.	Victor Mendy	Dakar
place of birth	Wm. Stage was born in Kalamazoo, Michigan and immediately given up for adoption by his 19-year-old unwed mother.	Wm. Stage	Kalamazoo
place of birth	Herman Heijenbrock (1871 in Amsterdam -- 1948 in Blaricum), was a Dutch writer, painter, pastel draughtsman, and lithographer.	Herman Heijenbrock	Amsterdam
place of birth	Elisabeth Böhm née Haggenmüller (18 June 1921, in Mindelheim -- 6 September 2012) was a German architect.	Elisabeth Böhm	Mindelheim
place of birth	Michalis Stamatogiannis (Greek: Μιχάλης Σταματογιάννης; born 20 May 1982 in Athens) is a Greek shot putter.	Michalis Stamatogiannis	Athens
place of birth	Philipp Adolf von Ehrenberg was born in Heinsheim, which is today a district of Bad Rappenau, on September 23, 1583, the son of Johann Heinrich von Ehrenberg (d. 1584).	Philipp Adolf von Ehrenberg	Heinsheim
place of birth	Roger Preece (born 9 June 1968, Much Wenlock, Shropshire) was an English professional footballer who mainly played as a midfielder but could also play as a full back.	Roger Preece	Much Wenlock
place of birth	Nizo Neto (born April 27, 1964 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian stage, television and film actor best known as Mr. Ptolomeu in the series Escolinha do Professor Raimundo.	Nizo Neto	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Averescu was born in Ozerne (previously known as Babele, and subsequently renamed Alexandru Averescu), a village northwest of Izmail, now part of Ukraine.	Alexandru Averescu	Izmail
place of birth	Sabah Fakhri (Arabic: صباح فخري‎) (born 1933): is an iconic Syrian traditional and tenor singer from Aleppo.	Sabah Fakhri	Aleppo
place of birth	Pascal Pons, born on 9 November 1968 in Nice, is a French percussionist.	Pascal Pons	Nice
place of birth	Michael Holliday was born in Liverpool (then in Lancashire), England, and brought up in the Kirkdale district of the city.	Michael Holliday	Liverpool
place of birth	Mohammad Barzegar (Persian: محمد برزگر‎, born July 24, 1976 in Tehran) is an Iranian footballer.	Mohammad Barzegar	Tehran
place of birth	Caroline Leaf (born August 12, 1946 in Seattle, Washington) is a Canadian-American filmmaker and animator.	Caroline Leaf	Seattle
place of birth	Joakim Eskildsen (born 1971 in Copenhagen) is a Danish art photographer.	Joakim Eskildsen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Björn Engquist (also Bjorn Engquist; born 2 June 1945 in Stockholm) has been a leading contributor in the areas of multiscale modeling and scientific computing, and a productive educator of applied mathematicians.	Björn Engquist	Stockholm
place of birth	Christina T. Lopez (born April 18, 1981), better known by her stage name T Lopez, is a Mexican American actress and singer from Ontario, California.	T Lopez	Ontario
place of birth	Asbjørn Blokkum Flø (born 6 May 1973 in Volda) is a Norwegian composer, musician and sound artist.He studied composition at the Norwegian Academy of Music in Oslo with Lasse Thoresen, Asbjørn Schaathun and Ivar Frounberg.	Asbjørn Blokkum Flø	Volda
place of birth	Malcolm McMahon was born in London, the second of three brothers and studied mechanical engineering at the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology before working for London Transport.	Malcolm McMahon	London
place of birth	Hugh Brophy (born 2 September 1948 in Dublin) is an Irish retired footballer who played during the 1960s and 1970s.	Hugh Brophy	Dublin
place of birth	Kevin Grogan (born 15 November 1981 in Dublin) is a former Irish professional football player and current coach of Clarkstown SC Eagles in the National Premier Soccer League.	Kevin Grogan	Dublin
place of birth	Joyce Vincent was born in Hammersmith on 19 October 1965 and raised near Fulham Palace Road.	Joyce Vincent	Hammersmith
place of birth	Xavier Jamaux (born 24 May 1968 in Versailles) is a French disco musician.	Xavier Jamaux	Versailles
place of birth	Connie Mason (born August 24, 1937 in Washington, D.C.) is an American model and actress who was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its June 1963 issue.	Connie Mason	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Abdoulaye Bamba (born 25 April 1990 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian football player who currently plays for French club Dijon in Ligue 2.	Abdoulaye Bamba	Abidjan
place of birth	Evan Ziporyn (b. Chicago, Illinois, 14 December 1959) is an American composer of post-minimalist music with a cross-cultural orientation, drawing equally from classical music, avant-garde, various world music traditions, and jazz.	Evan Ziporyn	Chicago
place of birth	Ivana Dulić-Marković (Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (ǐʋana dǔːlit͡ɕ mǎːrkoʋit͡ɕ)) (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивана Дулић-Марковић) (born June 13, 1961 in Zagreb) is Serbian politician of Croat ethnicity.	Ivana Dulić-Marković	Zagreb
place of birth	Jordan Mark Witzigreuter (born November 14, 1989), known by his stage name The Ready Set, is an American electropop singer-songwriter from Fort Wayne, Indiana.	The Ready Set	Fort Wayne
place of birth	Following his release, Kemal Tahir returned to Istanbul and started working as Istanbul correspondent of The Izmir Commerce newspaper.	Kemal Tahir	Istanbul
place of birth	Logan Brill is an American singer/songwriter from Knoxville, Tennessee.	Logan Brill	Knoxville
place of birth	Paul Roland (born 6 September 1959 in Kent, England), is a singer-songwriter, author, journalist and paranormal researcher.	Paul Roland	Kent
place of birth	Gabrielle Stone is an American actress and dancer born in Los Angeles, California.	Gabrielle Stone	Los Angeles
place of birth	Born at Amritsar in 1955 as Pramod Sharma, Pramod Moutho started acting in stage plays while studying in NJSA Government College, Kapurthala.	Pramod Moutho	Amritsar
place of birth	Lidia Trettel (born April 5, 1973 in Cavalese) is an Italian snowboarder and Olympic medalist.	Lidia Trettel	Cavalese
place of birth	Born in Novara di Sicilia, Franco Cucinotta grew up in Montreux, Switzerland, the city to which his family had emigrated for work in 1960.	Franco Cucinotta	Novara di Sicilia
place of birth	Nikolay Dobrokhotov was born on March 27, 1889 in Arzamas in Nizhny Novgorod Guberniya in the Russian Empire.	Nikolay Dobrokhotov	Arzamas
place of birth	Jean-Michel Larqué (born 8 September 1947, in Bizanos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques) is a retired football player, and now a sports journalist.	Jean-Michel Larqué	Bizanos
place of birth	Darryl Pinckney (born 1953 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American novelist, playwright, and essayist.	Darryl Pinckney	Indianapolis
place of birth	Clive Barker was born in Liverpool, Merseyside, the son of Joan Ruby (née Revill), a painter and school welfare officer, and Leonard Barker, a personnel director for an industrial relations firm.	Clive Barker	Liverpool
place of birth	Eleanor Gates was born on 26 September 1875 in Shakopee, Minnesota, southwest of Minneapolis.	Eleanor Gates	Shakopee
place of birth	Lyes Salem (إلياس سالم) (Algiers, 1973) is an Algerian actor and film director.	Lyes Salem	Algiers
place of birth	Keith Lee played high school basketball at West Memphis Senior High School in West Memphis, Arkansas.	Keith Lee	West Memphis
place of birth	Gary Arndt was born in Appleton, Wisconsin.Arndt attended Macalester College in the early 1990s, where he was a competitive debater, making it to the late rounds of the Cross Examination Debate Association National Tournament in 1990 and 1991.	Gary Arndt	Appleton
place of birth	Elena Scarpellini (born 14 January 1987 in Bergamo) is an Italian pole vaulter.	Elena Scarpellini	Bergamo
place of birth	Anne Aston (born Anne Lloyd 1 January 1948 in Glasgow, Scotland) is an actress and television presenter best known as the hostess of The Golden Shot in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Anne Aston	Glasgow
place of birth	After attending Malvern College, he was apprenticed at age 17 as a tailor to the family firm Bernard Weatherill Ltd, Sporting Tailors, later of Savile Row.	Bernard Weatherill	Malvern
place of birth	Suzy McKee Charnas (born 1939 in New York City) is an American novelist and short story writer, writing primarily in the genres of science fiction and fantasy.	Suzy McKee Charnas	New York City
place of birth	Rebecca Riggs is a Queensland-born Australian actress best known for her role as Commandant Grayza in the science fiction television series Farscape.	Rebecca Riggs	Queensland
place of birth	Sébastien Hinault (born 11 February 1974 in Saint-Brieuc) is a retired French road racing cyclist.	Sébastien Hinault	Saint-Brieuc
place of birth	Claude Grahame-White was born in Bursledon, Hampshire on 21 August 1879, and educated at Bedford Grammar School.	Claude Grahame-White	Bursledon
place of birth	Giorgos Theodoridis (Greek: Γιώργος Θεοδωρίδης; born 3 July 1980 in Frankfurt, West Germany) is a Greek international footballer who plays for Agrotikos Asteras F.C..	Giorgos Theodoridis	Frankfurt
place of birth	Anthony Reid is a British auto racing driver, born on 17 May 1957 in Glasgow, Scotland.	Anthony Reid	Glasgow
place of birth	Heidi Groskreutz, born September 3, 1981, is an award-winning dancer from Cliffside Park, New Jersey, and raised in Newport Beach, California.	Heidi Groskreutz	California
place of birth	Isidora Jiménez (born 10 August 1993 in Concepción) is a Chilean athlete specializing in the sprinting and Relay race events.	Isidora Jiménez	Concepción
place of birth	Gavin O'Toole (born 19 September 1975 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish footballer who played in The Football League for Hereford United on loan from Coventry City.	Gavin O'Toole	Dublin
place of birth	Archbishop Filippo Iannone (born in Naples, 13 December 1957) is a Roman Catholic church leader.	Filippo Iannone	Naples
place of birth	Born in Vila Velha, Espírito Santo, Jullie moved to São Paulo to pursue an acting career.	Jullie	Vila Velha
place of birth	Salvatore Accursi (born 3 February 1978 in Locri, Calabria) is an Italian football Defender who currently plays for Catanzaro Calcio 2011.	Salvatore Accursi	Locri
place of birth	Francesco Crasso was born in Milan in 1500, the son of Pietro Antonio Crasso, a Milanese noble related to the signoria of Zibido San Giacomo and Lambro.	Francesco Crasso	Milan
place of birth	Alfred Hsing (born November 23, 1983), is an American martial artist, actor, and stuntman born in San Jose, California.	Alfred Hsing	San Jose
place of birth	Johann Baptist Chiari (June 15, 1817 -- December 11, 1854) was an Austrian gynecologist and obstetrician born in Salzburg.	Johann Baptist Chiari	Salzburg
place of birth	Salomo Glassius (German: Salomon Glaß; 20 May 1593 -- 27 July 1656) was a German theologian and biblical critic born at Sondershausen, in the principality of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.	Salomo Glassius	Sondershausen
place of birth	Joe Grushecky (born Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a rock musician in the United States known for his work with the Iron City Houserockers in the late 1970s and early 1980s; and for his works since the late the 1980s with his act Joe Grushecky and The Houserockers; and for his solo career.	Joe Grushecky	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Jean-Luc Sassus (4 October 1962 -- 22 May 2015) was a French international football player from Tarbes.	Jean-Luc Sassus	Tarbes
place of birth	Massimiliano Carlini (born 20 August 1986 in Terracina) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Serie A side Frosinone.	Massimiliano Carlini	Terracina
place of birth	Severin Løvenskiold, the younger, was born in Porsgrunn in Telemark, Norway to Severin Løvenskiold, the elder, and Benedicte Henriette née Aall.	Severin Løvenskiold	Porsgrunn
place of birth	Clay Harvison (born September 25, 1980 in Marietta, Georgia, U.S.) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division.	Clay Harvison	Marietta
place of birth	Slaheddine Ben Mbarek (27 July 1920 in Béja -- 22 July 2014) was a Tunisian minister, diplomat and the president of his hometown soccer team Olympique Béja from 1984 until 1985.	Slaheddine Ben Mbarek	Béja
place of birth	James W. Booth (September 9, 1822 New York City -- September 14, 1876 Nyack, Rockland County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	James W. Booth	New York City
place of birth	Clough Williams-Ellis was born in Gayton, Northamptonshire, England, but his family moved back to his father's native North Wales when he was four.	Clough Williams-Ellis	Gayton, Northamptonshire
place of birth	Mendel Portugali was born in 1888 in Călărași (Kalarash), Bessarabia, Russian Empire (now a part of Moldova).	Mendel Portugali	Călărași
place of birth	Chaovarat Chanweerakul, or Chavarat Charnvirakul (Thai: ชวรัตน์ ชาญวีรกุล, RTGS: Chawarat Chanwirakun, Thai pronunciation: (t͡ɕʰáwárát t͡ɕʰaːnwiːrákun)) (born June 7, 1936 in Bangkok) is a Thai politician.	Chaovarat Chanweerakul	Bangkok
place of birth	Panagiotis Karatzas (Greek: Παναγιώτης Καρατζάς, 17th century -- 1824) was a Greek revolutionary leader in Patras during the Greek Revolution of 1821.	Panagiotis Karatzas	Patras
place of birth	Fausto Bertoglio (born 13 January 1949 in Brescia) is a retired Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Fausto Bertoglio	Brescia
place of birth	Born in Los Angeles, California, Russell Harlan witnessed the city's development from the construction of its first film studio to being the center for motion picture production in the United States.	Russell Harlan	Los Angeles
place of birth	Karri Kivi (born 31 January 1970 in Turku) is Finnish former ice hockey player and current coach.	Karri Kivi	Turku
place of birth	Budi Sudarsono (born 19 September 1979 in Kediri, East Java) is an active Indonesian footballer.	Budi Sudarsono	Kediri
place of birth	George Edward Dobson FRS (4 September 1848 at Edgeworthstown, County Longford, Ireland -- 26 November 1895) was a zoologist, photographer and army surgeon.	George Edward Dobson	County Longford
place of birth	Jiang Peng (Chinese: 姜鹏; born 6 March 1989 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player.	Jiang Peng	Dalian
place of birth	Annemarie Mol (born 13 September 1958 in Schaesberg) is a Dutch ethnographer and philosopher.	Annemarie Mol	Schaesberg
place of birth	Cerezo was born in Guatemala City, the son of the Supreme Court judge Marco Vinicio Cerezo Sierra, and came from a well-known liberal family.	Vinicio Cerezo	Guatemala City
place of birth	Master Bertram (c.1345--c.1415), also known as Meister Bertram and Master of Minden, was a German International Gothic painter primarily of religious art.	Master Bertram	Minden
place of birth	Surgeon Lieutenant-Commander Bruce Cooper (22 November 1914 -- 3 December 2010) was a native of Castle Eden, England.	Bruce Cooper	Castle Eden
place of birth	Hussam Al Sayed (Arabic: حسام السيد ‎) (born on 2 February 1972 in Damascus, Syria) is a retired Syrian international football defender, and current coach of Al-Mina'a.	Hussam Al Sayed	Damascus
place of birth	Sonja Schnaas (born June 9, 1969 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a horror film producer and screenwriter.	Sonja Schnaas	Copenhagen
place of birth	Mustapha Salma Ould Sidi Mouloud (born 1968 Smara) is a former police chief of the Polisario Front, and political dissident.	Mustapha Salma Ould Sidi Mouloud	Smara
place of birth	Bala Garba Jahumpa (born 20 July 1958 in Banjul) is a Gambian politician and diplomat.	Bala Garba Jahumpa	Banjul
place of birth	Wolfgang Sandner (2 March 1949 in Teisendorf -- 5 December 2015) was a German physicist who was employed in atomic and laser physics.	Wolfgang Sandner	Teisendorf
place of birth	James Pym was born in Oxfordshire, England in either 1847 or 1852.	James Pym	Oxfordshire
place of birth	Frank Howson (born Frank Michael Howson 1952, Melbourne) has had a career in entertainment.	Frank Howson	Melbourne
place of birth	Leon Ames was born Harry Wycoff on January 20, 1902, in Portland, Indiana, son of Charles Elmer Wycoff and his wife Cora A. De Moss..	Leon Ames	Portland
place of birth	Lily Jane Stead (born 15 August 1993) is a young English actress from Wakefield, West Yorkshire, best known for playing Kayleigh Gibbs on the ITV soap opera Emmerdale.	Lily Jane Stead	Wakefield
place of birth	Jamie Winter (born 4 August 1985 in Dundee) is a Scottish former full-time professional footballer who currently plays for Broughty Athletic F.C..	Jamie Winter	Dundee
place of birth	Margarete Buber-Neumann was born Margarete Thüring in Potsdam, and in her youth was active in socialist youth organisations.	Margarete Buber-Neumann	Potsdam
place of birth	Tom Buk-Swienty (born July 19, 1966 in Eutin) is a Danish historian, journalist and author, known for his work on the Second Schleswig War.	Tom Buk-Swienty	Eutin
place of birth	Irán Eory (October 21, 1937 -- March 10, 2002, born Elvira Teresa Eory Sidi in Tehran, Iran) was an Iranian-born Mexican actress and former model.	Irán Eory	Tehran
place of birth	Holger Gehrke (born 22 August 1960 in Berlin) is a former professional German football player and manager.	Holger Gehrke	Berlin
place of birth	Julia Butler Hansen (June 14, 1907 -- May 3, 1988), born Julia Caroline Butler in Portland, Oregon, served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1960--1974.	Julia Butler Hansen	Portland
place of birth	Hovhannes Kajaznuni was born in 1868 in the town of Akhaltsikhe, then part of the Russian Empire, now part of Georgia.	Hovhannes Kajaznuni	Akhaltsikhe
place of birth	Imogen Walsh (born 17 January 1984 in Glasgow) is a British rower, a former World Champion and current European Champion in Lightweight Women's Single Scull.	Imogen Walsh	Glasgow
place of birth	Abu Kanu commonly known as Gbanaloko (born 31 March 1972 in Magburaka) is a retired Sierra Leonean football Striker.	Abu Kanu	Magburaka
place of birth	Raymond Rôze was an English composer and conductor who was born in London in 1875 and died on 30 March 1920.	Raymond Rôze	London
place of birth	Helena Noguerra (Brussels, 18 May 1969) is a Belgian actress, singer and television presenter of Portuguese descent.	Helena Noguerra	Brussels
place of birth	Of Armenian descent, Onno Tunç was born in 1948 in Istanbul.	Onno Tunç	Istanbul
place of birth	Kevin Kennon (born July 12, 1958, Palos Verdes, California) is an American architect.	Kevin Kennon	Palos Verdes
place of birth	DJ Paul Elstak (real name: Paul Roger Elstak; born 14 January 1966 in The Hague) is a Dutch hardcore/gabber and happy hardcore DJ and record producer.	DJ Paul Elstak	The Hague
place of birth	Leonard Griffin (born September 11, 1982 in Pasadena, California) is a former American soccer player, who currently serves as an assistant coach for the UCLA Bruins men's soccer program.	Leonard Griffin	Pasadena
place of birth	Mike Muscat (born May 22, 1952 Fort Bragg, North Carolina) is an American actor.	Mike Muscat	Fort Bragg
place of birth	Irwin Chusid (born April 22, 1951, Newark, New Jersey) is a journalist, music historian, radio personality and self-described ``landmark preservationist.''	Irwin Chusid	Newark
place of birth	Simon Bradstreet was baptized on March 18, 1603/4 in Horbling, Lincolnshire, the second of three sons of Simon and Margaret Bradstreet.	Simon Bradstreet	Lincolnshire
place of birth	José Serra (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛ ˈsɛʁɐ); born March 19, 1942) is a Brazilian politician who served as a Congressman, Senator, Minister of Planning and Minister of Health, Mayor of São Paulo and Governor of São Paulo state.	José Serra	São Paulo
place of birth	Cornick attended Barrow-in-Furness Grammar School for Boys and then moved to Blackpool.The first group Glenn Cornick played with was ``The Executives'', a group that played cover versions of famous songs in clubs and pubs.	Glenn Cornick	Barrow-in-Furness
place of birth	Yang Zhenduo (born 1926), a native of Yongnian Hsien County, Hebei, was born in Beijing, China, into the famous Yang family of martial artists.	Yang Zhenduo	Beijing
place of birth	Arie Jan Haagen-Smit (December 22, 1900 Utrecht -- March 17, 1977, Pasadena, California) was a Dutch chemist.	Arie Jan Haagen-Smit	Utrecht
place of birth	Paul Virant's philosophy of year-round, seasonal eating stems from his childhood growing up outside of St. Louis, Missouri on a farm.	Paul Virant	St. Louis
place of birth	Yaroslav Dmytruk (6 September 1964) is an association footballer from the former Soviet Union.	Yaroslav Dmytruk	Soviet Union
place of birth	Petr Kvíčala (* 1960, Svitavy) is one of the most significant personalities in Czech abstract non-picture painting.	Petr Kvíčala	Svitavy
place of birth	Yan Pei-Ming (Simplified Chinese: 严培明; pinyin: Yán Péimíng) is a Chinese painter born in 1960 in Shanghai.	Yan Pei-Ming	Shanghai
place of birth	Born in Matosinhos, Zé Beto arrived at FC Porto at the age of 17, making his Primeira Liga debuts two years later with S.C. Beira-Mar, loaned.	Zé Beto	Matosinhos
place of birth	Raluca Ripan (27 June 1894, Iași - 5 December 1972, Cluj) was a Romanian chemist, and a member of the Romanian Academy.	Raluca Ripan	Iași
place of birth	Rob Nguyen (born 18 August 1980 in Brisbane) is an Australian racing car driver of Vietnamese descent who competed in the 2002 and part of the 2003 International Formula 3000 seasons before running out of money.	Rob Nguyen	Brisbane
place of birth	William O'Connell Bradley (March 18, 1847 -- May 23, 1914) was a politician from the US state of Kentucky.	William O'Connell Bradley	Kentucky
place of birth	Idan Schefler (Hebrew: עידן שפלר‎; born January 1, 1984) is an Israeli footballer from Shikun Vatikim Ramat Gan.	Idan Schefler	Ramat Gan
place of birth	Hubert Léonard (7 April 1819 -- 6 May 1890) was a famous Belgian violinist, born at Bellaire, Liège.	Hubert Léonard	Liège
place of birth	Tomasz Mazurkiewicz (born November 23, 1981 in Sopot) is a retired Polish footballer (Winger).	Tomasz Mazurkiewicz	Sopot
place of birth	George Russell Drysdale was born in Bognor Regis, Sussex, England, to an Anglo-Australian pastoralist family, which settled in Melbourne, Australia in 1923.	Russell Drysdale	Bognor Regis
place of birth	Çetin Altan grew up in the family mansion at Göztepe, Istanbul.	Çetin Altan	Istanbul
place of birth	Carmelo Imbriani (10 February 1976 -- 15 February 2013) was an Italian footballer and former coach of Benevento in Lega Pro Prima Divisione.	Carmelo Imbriani	Benevento
place of birth	Jean Guyot (Châtelet, Belgium, 1512 - 1588) was a Franco-Flemish renaissance composer.	Jean Guyot	Châtelet
place of birth	Georg Brandl Egloff (born February 16, 1963 in Monterey, California) is a composer and performer of music for film, television, radio and commercials.	Georg Brandl Egloff	Monterey
place of birth	Angelo Colocci (1467 at Iesi, Marche -- 1549) of Rome, papal secretary of Pope Leo X and a Renaissance humanist at the collegial center of literary and artistic classicism, assembled a collection of antiquities in his villa beside the Aqua Virgo.	Angelo Colocci	Iesi
place of birth	Frank-Peter Bischof (sometimes listed as Frank Bischof or Peter Bischof, born August 20, 1954 in Forst) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Frank-Peter Bischof	Forst
place of birth	Gladys Cherry was born in Greenwich, England, as the third and last child of J. F. Cherry and his wife, Lady Emily Cherry (née Haworth), the daughter of Mary Elizabeth, 18th Countess of Rothes.	Gladys Cherry	Greenwich
place of birth	Christine Bravo was born in Paris, her father Antonio Bravo was a Spanish mason from Toledo.	Christine Bravo	Paris
place of birth	Massimo Biolcati was born in Stockholm, Sweden and grew up in Sweden and Italy.	Massimo Biolcati	Stockholm
place of birth	Ignaz Semmelweis was born on July 1, 1818 in Tabán, neighbourhood of Buda, Hungary, today part of Budapest.	Ignaz Semmelweis	Buda
place of birth	DJ Nihal (born Nihal Arthanayake on 1 June 1971 in Harlow, Essex) is an English radio and TV presenter who broadcasts on BBC Asian Network and since August 2010 BBC Radio 5 Live.	DJ Nihal	Harlow
place of birth	Ernst Friedrich Gurlt (October 13, 1794 -- August 13, 1882) was a German veterinarian and anatomist born in Drentkau near Grünberg, Silesia.	Ernst Friedrich Gurlt	Silesia
place of birth	Nadine Krause (born 25 March 1982 in Waiblingen) is a German handballer who plays for TSV Bayer Leverkusen as a left back.	Nadine Krause	Waiblingen
place of birth	Igor Popović (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Поповић ; born August 10, 1983 in Osijek) is a Serbian football player who has played for the Serbian SuperLiga club FK Spartak Subotica.	Igor Popović	Subotica
place of birth	Frédéric Aguessy (born 3 April 1956, in Paris), is a French pianist and conductor.	Frédéric Aguessy	Paris
place of birth	Ratko Rudić (born 7 June 1948 in Belgrade) is a Croatian water polo coach and a former water polo player.	Ratko Rudić	Belgrade
place of birth	Hysni Kapo was born in Tërbaç, Vlorë District, southwestern Albania on March 4 or 3, 1915.	Hysni Kapo	Vlorë District
place of birth	Olivier Laban-Mattei (born 1977 in Paris) is a French documentary photographer.	Olivier Laban-Mattei	Paris
place of birth	Leigh Harline was born March 26, 1907, in Salt Lake City, Utah, the youngest of 13 children, to soldier Charles Härlin and his wife Johanna Matilda.	Leigh Harline	Salt Lake City
place of birth	Chris Harold (born 14 July 1992) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for A-League club Perth Glory.	Chris Harold	Perth
place of birth	Jacques Basnage was born at Rouen in Normandy, the eldest son of the eminent lawyer Henri Basnage de Franquesnay.	Jacques Basnage	Rouen
place of birth	Vincenzo Cammaroto (born April 1, 1983 in Santa Margherita Ligure) is an Italian football Defender who currently plays for Alessandria.	Vincenzo Cammaroto	Santa Margherita Ligure
place of birth	D'Arcy Niland was born as Darcy Francis Niland on 20 October 1917 in the rural town of Glen Innes.	D'Arcy Niland	Glen Innes
place of birth	Sy Thomas (born 24 August 1979 in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire) is a British TV presenter, stand-up comedian and actor.	Sy Thomas	High Wycombe
place of birth	Andy Powell (born Andrew Powell, 19 February 1950, Stepney, London) is an English guitarist and songwriter, and best known as a founding member of Wishbone Ash.	Andy Powell	London
place of birth	Mélissa Theuriau (French pronunciation: ​(melisa tœʁjo); born 18 July 1978 in Échirolles, Isère) is a French journalist and news anchor for M6.	Mélissa Theuriau	Échirolles
place of birth	Born in Bayaguana to Juan Santos Santos (a lift operator) and Irma Aquino Mejia (a housewife), Luguelín Santos's upbringing was marked by poverty.	Luguelín Santos	Bayaguana
place of birth	Born in 1745 at Fishponds in the parish of Stapleton, near Bristol, Hannah More was the fourth of five daughters of Jacob More, a schoolmaster originally from Harleston, Norfolk.	Hannah More	Fishponds
place of birth	Roger Ballen (born in New York City, New York, USA, 1950) is an American photographer living in Johannesburg, South Africa, and working in its surrounds since the 1970s.	Roger Ballen	New York City
place of birth	Rada Rassimov (born Rada Đerasimović (Serbian Cyrillic: Рада Ђерасимовић) in 1938, Trieste) is an Italian actress of Serb origin, who has appeared in film since the early 1960s and television since 1975.	Rada Rassimov	Trieste
place of birth	Rubens Martín Colombo Rivero (born 12 April 1985 in Mercedes, Soriano) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays as a striker.	Martín Colombo	Mercedes
place of birth	Born in Arti, Sverdlovsk Oblast, Mikhail Osinov started his professional career at the modest Gornyak Kachkanar in 1993.	Mikhail Osinov	Arti
place of birth	Arnold Doren, known as Doren, was born in Chicago, July 29, 1935, to Hy and Rose Dorenfeld.	Arnold Doren	Chicago
place of birth	Franz Reizenstein's parents were Dr. Albert Reizenstein (1871--1925) and Lina Kohn (b. 1880), both of Nuremberg, Germany.	Franz Reizenstein	Nuremberg
place of birth	Lotfi Dziri (Arabic: لطفي الدزيري‎) (January 6, 1946 in Carthage - May 5, 2013) was a Tunisian actor.	Lotfi Dziri	Carthage
place of birth	Jean-François Rime (born 28 June 1950) is a Swiss entrepreneur and politician from the Canton of Fribourg, representing the Swiss People's Party in the National Council.	Jean-François Rime	Fribourg
place of birth	Grigoriy Korchmar (Russian Григорий Корчмар, Grigorij Korčmar; alternately translated Grigori or Grigory) (born 1947 in Baltiysk) is a Russian composer and pianist.	Grigoriy Korchmar	Baltiysk
place of birth	Yves P. Pelletier (born January 15, 1961 in Laval, Quebec) (also credited as Yves Pelletier) is a Canadian film director, actor and comedian.	Yves Pelletier	Laval
place of birth	Todd Bratrud is an illustrator and artist born in 1975 in Crookston, Minnesota, on the same day as the wreck of the S.S. Edmund Fitzgerald.	Todd Bratrud	Crookston
place of birth	Albertina Carri (b. Buenos Aires, 1973) is an Argentine film director, screenwriter and actress.	Albertina Carri	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Mark Arnott was born in Chicago, Illinois, USA, the son of copy editor Martha Adelade Arnott (née Wood) and psychologist George Peter Arnott.	Mark Arnott	Chicago
place of birth	Lodge was born in Poland Street, London on 13 June 1756, the son of Edmund Lodge, rector of Carshalton, Surrey and his wife, Mary Garrard, daughter of Richard Garrard of Carshalton.	Edmund Lodge	London
place of birth	Jeff Probyn (born 27 April 1956 in Bethnal Green, London) is an English former Rugby Union player.	Jeff Probyn	London
place of birth	Marius Șumudică (born 4 March 1971 in Bucharest) is a Romanian football manager and former footballer who played as a striker.	Marius Șumudică	Bucharest
place of birth	Thom Merrick (January 1, 1963, in Sacramento, California) is an American artist.	Thom Merrick	Sacramento
place of birth	Laly Vallade (born 23 April 1981), also known just as Laly, is a French model, adult actress and DJ. Born in Bordeaux, Vallade started her career as an exotic dancer, then after some years she became a police woman and stayed four years on the force.	Laly Vallade	Bordeaux
place of birth	Cherami Leigh Kuehn (born July 19, 1988, in Dallas, Texas) is an American actress who has provided voices for a number of English-language versions of Japanese anime series and video games with Funimation, Bang Zoom!	Cherami Leigh	Dallas
place of birth	Amarilis Savón Carmenate (born May 13, 1974 in Havana) is a Cuban judoka who has won three Olympic bronze medals.	Amarilis Savón	Havana
place of birth	Karl Rudolf Heinze was born on 22 July 1865 in Oldenburg in what was then the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg as the son of Max Heinze, a professor of the history of philosophy.	Rudolf Heinze	Oldenburg
place of birth	Harry Mazer (born May 31, 1925 in New York City) is an American author of books for children and young adults, acclaimed for his ``realistic'' novels.	Harry Mazer	New York City
place of birth	John Cummins Edwards was born on June 24, 1804 or 1806 (Conflicting sources list each) in Frankfort, Kentucky to parents John and Sarah (Cummins) Edwards.	John Cummins Edwards	Frankfort
place of birth	W. Ross Ashby (London, 6 September 1903 -- 15 November 1972) was an English psychiatrist and a pioneer in cybernetics, the study of complex systems.	W. Ross Ashby	London
place of birth	Simone Mori (born 23 April 1972 in Pontremoli) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist.	Simone Mori	Pontremoli
place of birth	Alexander Dalgarno was born in London in 1928, and spent his childhood there.	Alexander Dalgarno	London
place of birth	Zoran Milovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Миловац ;born 29 October 1988 in Novi Sad) is a Serbian footballer, who plays Bačka Bačka Palanka.	Zoran Milovac	Novi Sad
place of birth	Todd May (born 1955 in New York City, New York) is a political philosopher notable for his role in developing, alongside Saul Newman and Lewis Call, the theory of post-structuralist anarchism.	Todd May	New York City
place of birth	Walter Steinbauer (20 January 1945 in Dissen am Teutoburger Wald - 28 May 1991) was a West German bobsledder who competed from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s.	Walter Steinbauer	Dissen
place of birth	Anna Banana (born February 24, 1940 as Anne Lee Long in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian artist known for her performance art, writing and work as a small press publisher.	Anna Banana	Victoria
place of birth	Joel Stebbins was born in Omaha, Nebraska, on July 30, 1878, the son of Charles Stebbins, an office worker at the Union Pacific Railroad and his wife Sara Ann née Stubbs.	Joel Stebbins	Omaha
place of birth	Karen Kilgariff (born May 11, 1970 in Petaluma, California) is an American actress and writer best known for her work on the late 1990s sketch comedy television program Mr. Show and the Glasgow-set situation comedy The Book Group.	Karen Kilgariff	Petaluma
place of birth	Penny Ford (also known as Pennye Ford, born June 11, 1964) is an American singer from Cincinnati, Ohio.	Penny Ford	Cincinnati
place of birth	Elya Chavez (born 31 July 1984, Moscow) is a Russian brite style singer of Portuguese descent singing in Russian, Japanese and English.	Elya Chavez	Moscow
place of birth	He was the son of John Alsop, Sr., a lawyer first of New Windsor, New York, where he was largely interested in real estate.	John Alsop	New Windsor, New York
place of birth	David Littmann, M.D., (July 28, 1906 -- January 1, 1981) was an American cardiologist born in Chelsea Massachusetts (born to Ukrainian immigrants from Novogrod Wolyn aka Zwill Ukraine formally the Russian Empire, Issac Litman and Sadie Zewat Litman ) and Harvard Medical School professor and researcher.	David Littmann	Chelsea
place of birth	Eumenes of Cardia (/juːˈmɛniːz/; Greek: Εὐμένης; c. 362 -- 316 BC) was a Greek general and scholar.	Eumenes	Cardia
place of birth	It is often thought that Rina Ketty was born in Turin, Italy.	Rina Ketty	Turin
place of birth	Paul Natorp was born in Düsseldorf, the son of the Protestant minister Adelbert Natorp and his wife Emilie Keller.	Paul Natorp	Düsseldorf
place of birth	Sun Zhifeng (Chinese: 孙志峰; born July 17, 1991 in Changchun) is a snowboarder who competes in Half-pipe.	Sun Zhifeng	Changchun
place of birth	Charles Möeller (born 1967, in Santos, São Paulo), is a Brazilian actor, theatre director, stagecraftsman and costume designer.	Charles Möeller	Santos
place of birth	Pierre Lacau was born in the French commune of Brie-Comte-Robert.	Pierre Lacau	Brie-Comte-Robert
place of birth	Friedrich Fröbel was born at Oberweißbach in the Principality of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt in Thuringia.	Friedrich Fröbel	Oberweißbach
place of birth	Andrei Popescu (born 20 February 1985 Horezu) is a Romanian professional football player, who currently plays for SVN Zweibrücken.	Andrei Popescu	Horezu
place of birth	Kevin Loring (born November 24, 1974 in Lytton, British Columbia) is a Canadian playwright and actor.	Kevin Loring	Lytton
place of birth	Rachid Azzouzi (Arabic: رشيد عزّوزي‎) (born 10 January 1971 in Fes) is a Moroccan footballer.	Rachid Azzouzi	Fes
place of birth	Luigi Morleo (born 16 November 1970 in Mesagne, Province of Brindisi) is an Italian percussionist and composer of contemporary music, who lives in Bari and teaches in Bari at the Niccolò Piccinni Conservatory.	Luigi Morleo	Mesagne
place of birth	Herbert Sharpe was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England in 1861 the son of a Yorkshire merchant.	Herbert Sharpe	Halifax
place of birth	Amy Wesson (born 1977) is an American fashion model from Tupelo, Mississippi.	Amy Wesson	Tupelo
place of birth	Mimis Plessas (Greek: Μίμης Πλέσσας; born October 12, 1924) is a Greek composer born in Athens.	Mimis Plessas	Athens
place of birth	Lueyi Dovy (born in 1975 in Marseille) is a French sprinter of Gabonese descent.	Lueyi Dovy	Marseille
place of birth	Miklós Kiss (Dunaújváros, 19 September 1981) is a designer and visual artist.	Miklós Kiss	Dunaújváros
place of birth	Iracema Trevisan Carneiro (born 28 September 1981 in Poços de Caldas, Minas Gerais), also known as Ira, was the bassist for Brazilian indie-electro band CSS.	Iracema Trevisan	Poços de Caldas
place of birth	Du Juan (simplified Chinese: 杜鹃; traditional Chinese: 杜鵑; pinyin: Dù Juān; born September 15, 1982, in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese fashion model, film actress, and former ballet dancer.	Du Juan	Shanghai
place of birth	Darko Raić-Sudar (born 7 November 1972 in Osijek) is a retired Croatian footballer who spent 14 years of his career in Croatia (11 in the top flight) and three years in Israel.	Darko Raić-Sudar	Osijek
place of birth	Elena Karaman Karić (born 30 September 1971, Belgrade) is a Serbian interior designer, founder and chief designer of Lorca Design Interiors.	Elena Karaman Karić	Belgrade
place of birth	Alejandro Zohn (born Alexander Zohn; born 8 August 1930, in Vienna - 2000, in Guadalajara) was a Mexican architect.	Alejandro Zohn	Vienna
place of birth	Ingolf Wunder (born September 8, 1985 in Klagenfurt) is an Austrian classical pianist.	Ingolf Wunder	Klagenfurt
place of birth	Pedro Paulo de Oliveira, best known as Pedrinho (born June 29, 1977 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian retired footballer who plays primarily as a left winger.	Pedro Paulo de Oliveira	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Jelena Karleuša was born in Yugoslavia's capital city Belgrade to Serb father Dragan (born 1 January 1947), a senior police officer, and Slovene--	Jelena Karleuša	Belgrade
place of birth	Alex Willoughby was born in Springburn, Glasgow, and educated at Petershill Primary School, and Colston Junior Secondary School, both Schools located in the Springburn area of Glasgow.	Alex Willoughby	Springburn
place of birth	Todor Yonov (Bulgarian: Тодор Йонов; born 11 May 1976 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for and captains 1.SC Znojmo in the Czech Gambrinus Liga.	Todor Yonov	Plovdiv
place of birth	Kadri Lehtla (born May 3, 1985 in Tallinn) is an Estonian biathlete.	Kadri Lehtla	Tallinn
place of birth	Rajmond Debevec (born March 29, 1963 in Postojna, Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian shooter.	Rajmond Debevec	Postojna
place of birth	Felice Rosser (born Detroit, Michigan) is a singer, songwriter, bass player, actor and writer.	Felice Rosser	Detroit
place of birth	Born in São José do Rio Preto, São Paulo, Gláuber began his footballing career with Belo Horizonte-based club Atlético Mineiro before joining Palmeiras in São Paulo, where he saw top-flight football for the first time in 2003.	Gláuber	São José do Rio Preto
place of birth	Volodymyr Korobka (Ukrainian: Володимир Геннадійович Коробка; born 7 July 1989 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a Ukrainian footballer who recently played for Vitebsk.	Volodymyr Korobka	Dnipropetrovsk
place of birth	Alistair Darling was born in London the son of a civil engineer, Thomas, and his wife, Anna MacLean.	Alistair Darling	London
place of birth	David Warren Gibson was born in Royal Oak, Michigan, the son of German-born Sonja Würfel, a ballerina from Leipzig, and Samuel Warren Gibson, an American diplomat for the U.S. Embassy in Berlin and the Hague.	David Warren Gibson	Royal Oak, Michigan
place of birth	Thierry Rautureau hails from the town of Saint Hilaire de Clisson in the Muscadet region of France.	Thierry Rautureau	Saint Hilaire de Clisson
place of birth	Du Cane was born in Ryde on the Isle of Wight, England in 1825, the son of Charles Du Cane of Braxted Park and Frances Prideaux-Brune.	Charles Du Cane	Ryde
place of birth	Rahim Rahmanzadeh (Persian: رحیم رحمان‌زاده‎; born 13 June 1934 in Shabestar, East Azerbaijan) is an Iranian-German academic, physician, surgeons and professor at University of Berlin and University of Mainz.	Rahim Rahmanzadeh	Shabestar
place of birth	Carré Otis was born in San Francisco, and raised in Marin County, California along with her older sister Chrisse and her younger brother Jordan.	Carré Otis	San Francisco
place of birth	Kang Ho-dong was born in Jinju on 11 June 1970 to a family of one brother and three sisters.	Kang Ho-dong	Jinju
place of birth	Cynthia Geary (born March 21, 1965, Jackson, Mississippi) is an American actress best known for her role as Shelly Tambo in the television series Northern Exposure.	Cynthia Geary	Jackson
place of birth	Andrew Bennison (3 November 1886 -- 7 January 1942 in Oakland, California) was an American screenwriter and film director whose career was at its peak in the 1930s.	Andrew Bennison	Oakland
place of birth	Erich Klibansky (28 November 1900 in Frankfurt am Main -- 24 July 1942 near Minsk) was headmaster and teacher of Jawne, the first Jewish Gymnasium of Rhineland in Cologne.	Erich Klibansky	Frankfurt
place of birth	Captain Thomas Drummond (10 October 1797 -- 15 April 1840), from Edinburgh, Scotland, was an army officer, civil engineer and senior public official.	Thomas Drummond	Edinburgh
place of birth	Cui Yongzhe (Chinese: 崔永哲; pinyin: Cuī Yǒngzhé; Hangul: 최영철; born 8 January 1987 in Yanji) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent who currently plays for Chongqing Lifan in the Chinese Super League.	Cui Yongzhe	Yanji
place of birth	Ron Capewell (26 July 1929 -- ) is an English footballer who played for Sheffield Wednesday.	Ron Capewell	Sheffield
place of birth	Kevin Schwantz (born June 19, 1964 in Houston, Texas) is an American former World Champion motorcycle road racer who competed during the 1980s and early 1990s.	Kevin Schwantz	Houston
place of birth	Ishdorjiin Otgonbayar (Mongolian: Ишдоржийн Отгонбаяр; born April 9, 1968 in Ulaanbaatar), is a Mongolian football coach.	Ishdorjiin Otgonbayar	Ulaanbaatar
place of birth	Chimenti Camicia was an Italian renaissance architect who was born in Florence in 1431.	Chimenti Camicia	Florence
place of birth	Bienvenue Dieudonne Nnengue or Bienvenue Nnengue or Nnengue Bienvenue, (born July 19, 1984 in Yaoundé, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a central striker.	Bienvenue Nnengue	Yaoundé
place of birth	Henri Louis Habert de Montmor (c. 1600, Paris -- 21 January 1679, Paris) was a French scholar and man of letters.	Henri Louis Habert de Montmor	Paris
place of birth	Grandpa Elliott Small, born Elliot Small in 1944, also known as Uncle Remus, is a veteran street-musician in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Grandpa Elliott	New Orleans
place of birth	Mark Barnard (born 27 November 1975 in Sheffield, England) is a professional footballer currently playing with Conference North side Alfreton Town, where he plays left-back.	Mark Barnard	Sheffield
place of birth	Maurice Edwin Landrieu, known as Moon Landrieu (born July 23, 1930), is a Democratic politician from Louisiana who served as Mayor of New Orleans from 1970 to 1978.	Moon Landrieu	New Orleans
place of birth	Ricardo Rayas Sánchez (born 2 February 1970 in León), is a Mexican footballer and a former manager of Alebrijes de Oaxaca in Ascenso MX.	Ricardo Rayas	León
place of birth	Ram Raj Pant was born in Gyaneshwor, Kathmandu, Nepal in February 1920 (Bikram Sambat 1976 Falgun) to his father Bhairav Raj Pant and mother Dambar Kumari.	Ram Raj Pant	Kathmandu
place of birth	Peter Wildeblood was born in Alassio, on the Italian Riviera, in 1923.	Peter Wildeblood	Alassio
place of birth	Timo Scheunemann (born 29 November 1973 in Kediri, East Java) is an Indonesian born German youth football coach and manager.	Timo Scheunemann	Kediri
place of birth	Rudolf Signer (*17 March 1903 Herisau † 1 December 1990 Gümlingen ) contributed to the discovery of the DNA double helix.	Rudolf Signer	Herisau
place of birth	Osama Chtiba (Arabic: أسامة اشطيبة‎) (born September 27, 1988 in Tripoli) is a Libyan footballer.	Osama Chtiba	Tripoli
place of birth	Božur Matejić (Serbian Cyrillic: Божур Матејић, born 20 December 1963 in Prokuplje) is a former Serbian Yugoslav footballer.	Božur Matejić	Prokuplje
place of birth	Roger Lévêque (5 December 1920 in Saint-Nazaire -- 30 June 2002 in Saint-Avertin) was a professional French road racing cyclist from 1946 to 1953.	Roger Lévêque	Saint-Nazaire
place of birth	Paul Guth was born in Ossun on 5 March 1910 to a family of modest means.	Paul Guth	Ossun
place of birth	Andrew Young was born March 12, 1932, in New Orleans, Louisiana, to Daisy Fuller Young, a school teacher, and Andrew Jackson Young, Sr., a dentist.	Andrew Young	New Orleans
place of birth	Hanni El Khatib is a San Francisco-born singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist currently based in Los Angeles.	Hanni El Khatib	San Francisco
place of birth	Sverre Brandt (3 March 1880 -- 16 July 1962) was a Norwegian theatre worker and playwright, born in Trondheim.	Sverre Brandt	Trondheim
place of birth	Sean Weathers (born January 14, 1980 in Jonestown, Guyana) is an American, New York City based, film director, producer, screenwriter, editor, casting director and actor.	Sean Weathers	Jonestown
place of birth	Khelemba Singh hails from Imphal.	Khelemba Singh	Imphal
place of birth	Luk Koon Pong (Chinese: 陸冠邦; Jyutping: luk6 gun3 bong1; born 1 August 1978 in Hong Kong) is a retired Hong Kong football player.	Luk Koon Pong	Hong Kong
place of birth	Scott Booth (born 16 December 1971 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish football coach and former player, who is currently head coach of Glasgow City in the Scottish Women's Premier League.	Scott Booth	Aberdeen
place of birth	Ginger Gilmour (born Virginia Hasenbein; 19 January 1949, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American artist, sculptor, author and former model.	Ginger Gilmour	Philadelphia
place of birth	Bevan Kapisi (born 15 January 1981) in Samoa is a footballer who plays as a Central midfielder.	Bevan Kapisi	Samoa
place of birth	Yann Toma (born 1969 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is both an artist and a researcher, the lifelong president of the company Ouest-Lumière and an artist-observer within the UN, where he sits as an entrepreneurial artist.	Yann Toma	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of birth	Raashid Alvi was born in Chandpur, Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh, on 15 April 1956, to Islama Khatoon and Malik Irfan Ahmad Alvi, a freedom fighter	Raashid Alvi	Uttar Pradesh
place of birth	Filip Fabricius was born in Mikulov, Moravia (Zikmund Winter incorrectly suggested Mohelnice).	Filip Fabricius	Mikulov
place of birth	Born in Stockton, California, Robert Six started his business career in sales for a public utility company, but was fired for taking flying lessons on company time.	Robert Six	Stockton
place of birth	Oskar von Hinüber, a well-known Indologist, was born in Hanover in 1939.	Oskar von Hinüber	Hanover
place of birth	Sharon Green (born 1942 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American writer of science fiction, fantasy and romance.	Sharon Green	Brooklyn
place of birth	Anandaraj was born and brought up in Pondicherry and his father was a businessman.	Anandaraj	Pondicherry
place of birth	Johann Santner (21 April, 1840 in Sankt Jakob in Defereggen - 21 May, 1912 in Bozen) was a Tyrolean mountaineer and first climber to reach the summit of the Santnerspitze, which was later given his name in his honor, of the Schlern on 2 July, 1880.	Johann Santner	Sankt Jakob in Defereggen
place of birth	George Lamond (born George Garcia, February 25, 1967, Washington, D.C., USA), sometimes styled George LaMond, is an American freestyle music and salsa music singer.	George Lamond	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Elizabeth Missing Sewell was born at High Street, Newport, Isle of Wight, on 19 February 1815, was third daughter in a family of seven sons and five daughters of Thomas Sewell (1775--1842), solicitor, of Newport, and his wife Jane Edwards (1773--1848).	Elizabeth Missing Sewell	Newport
place of birth	Bärbel Broschat, née Klepp (born 2 November 1957 in Magdeburg) is a retired East German 400 metres hurdler.	Bärbel Broschat	Magdeburg
place of birth	Damascius was born in Damascus in Syria, whence he derived his name: his Syrian name is unknown.	Damascius	Damascus
place of birth	Devin Logan (born 17 February 1993 in Oceanside, New York) is an American freeskier from West Dover, Vermont.	Devin Logan	Oceanside
place of birth	Korab Syla (born 24 November 1992 in Kukës) is an Albanian-born American soccer player currently playing for Syracuse Orange.	Korab Syla	Kukës
place of birth	Strauss was born in Charleston, West Virginia, the son of Rosa (Lichtenstein) and Lewis Strauss, a successful shoe wholesaler.	Lewis Strauss	Charleston
place of birth	Žarko Puhovski (15 December 1946 in Zagreb) is a Croatian professor, political analyst, philosopher and intellectual, former president of the Croatian Helsinki Committee.	Žarko Puhovski	Zagreb
place of birth	Jocelyn Barbara Hepworth was born on 10 January 1903 in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire, the eldest child of Gertrude and Herbert Hepworth.	Barbara Hepworth	Wakefield
place of birth	Peter Ascanius (Aure, 1723--1803) was a Norwegian biologist and a student of Linnaeus.	Peter Ascanius	Aure
place of birth	Ernie Reinhardt, better known as Lilo Wanders, (born 22 September 1955 in Celle as Ernst-Johann Reinhardt) is a famous German transvestite entertainer, comedian and theatre/television host.	Lilo Wanders	Celle
place of birth	Piotr Wilniewczyc was born 31 January 1887 near Irkutsk in Siberia.	Piotr Wilniewczyc	Irkutsk
place of birth	Semir Slomić (born 14 January 1988 in Banovići) is a Bosnian football player, currently playing for FK Radnicki Lukavac in the Prva liga FBiH.	Semir Slomić	Banovići
place of birth	David Jude Jolicoeur (born September 21, 1968, in Brooklyn, New York), also known under the stage name Trugoy the Dove and more recently Dave, is an American rapper, producer, and one third of groundbreaking hip hop trio De La Soul.	David Jude Jolicoeur	Brooklyn
place of birth	Yevgeny Roizman (Russian: Евге́ний Вади́мович Ро́йзман; born 14 September 1962) is a Russian politician, the Mayor of Yekaterinburg after winning the mayoral election in September 2013.	Yevgeny Roizman	Yekaterinburg
place of birth	Rachel York (born Rachel Lemanski August 7, 1971 in Orlando, Florida) is an American actress and singer.	Rachel York	Orlando
place of birth	Joe Acanfora (born July 6, 1950 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American educator and activist.	Joe Acanfora	Jersey City
place of birth	Leslie Cockburn (née Leslie Corkill Redlich) was born at Mills Hospital in San Mateo, San Mateo County, California, and raised in Hillsborough.	Leslie Cockburn	San Mateo
place of birth	Kristina Apgar (born June 10, 1985, in Morristown, New Jersey) is an American actress best known for portrayal of Lily Smith on the CW's drama Privileged.	Kristina Apgar	Morristown
place of birth	Herbert Jefferson Jr. (born September 28, 1946, Sandersville, Georgia) is an African-American film, television, and stage actor.	Herbert Jefferson Jr.	Sandersville, Georgia
place of birth	Juris Dalbiņš (born January 1, 1954 in Dobele) is a Latvian politician and a Deputy of the Saeima.	Juris Dalbiņš	Dobele
place of birth	Douglas Silva Delfino, better known as Douglas Silva (Porto Alegre, April 22, 1983), is a Brazilian footballer who acts as the steering wheel.	Douglas Silva Delfino	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Paolo Pininfarina (August 28, 1958) is an Italian engineer, designer and businessman, known as the manager of the world famous Pininfarina design company of his hometown of Turin (2008).	Paolo Pininfarina	Turin
place of birth	Xie Zhiyu started his professional football career with Wuhan Guanggu after graduating from their youth team in 2007.	Xie Zhiyu	Wuhan
place of birth	Helen Berman was born in Amsterdam and as a young girl survived the Holocaust.	Helen Berman	Amsterdam
place of birth	Giorgos Papadopoulos was born in Nicosia, Cyprus, on May 26, 1985 to Greek-Cypriot parents.	Giorgos Papadopoulos	Nicosia
place of birth	Vasiliki Millousi (Greek: Βασιλική Μηλλούση; born May 4, 1984 in Athens) is a Greek artistic gymnast.	Vasiliki Millousi	Athens
place of birth	General George Keppel, 3rd Earl of Albemarle KG PC (London, 8 April 1724 -- 13 October 1772), styled Viscount Bury until 1754, was a British soldier and nobleman.	George Keppel, 3rd Earl of Albemarle	London
place of birth	Doris Boake Kerr, a writer who published using the pseudonyms 'Capel Boake' and Stephen Grey, was born on 29 August 1889 at Summer Hill, Sydney, and died on 5 June 1944 at Caulfield, Victoria.	Capel Boake	Sydney
place of birth	Frank Hannon (born October 3, 1966 in Sacramento, California), is best known as the guitarist, songwriter and a co-founder of the multi-platinum band Tesla, and is now established as a solo singer/songwriter with his album Gypsy Highway.	Frank Hannon	Sacramento
place of birth	Rocko was born in Australia and emigrated to America in High School.	Rocko	Australia
place of birth	Una McLean MBE (born 1 May 1930 in Strathaven, Scotland) is a British actress and comedienne.	Una McLean	Strathaven
place of birth	Elad Koren is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya, Maccabi Haifa, Maccabi Ironi Ashdod and Maccabi Herzliya.	Elad Koren	Netanya
place of birth	Carol-Anne Day (born March 26, 1986 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian voice actress, actress, and musician who is known for roles in English-dubbed anime.	Carol-Anne Day	Calgary
place of birth	Sandra Oxenryd (born on 1 October 1982 in Kristinehamn) is a Swedish singer who won Fame Factory in 2005.	Sandra Oxenryd	Kristinehamn
place of birth	Adelchi Negri (2 August 1876 -- 19 February 1912) was an Italian pathologist and microbiologist born in Perugia.	Adelchi Negri	Perugia
place of birth	Marc-Roch-Horace de Salviac, Baron de Viel-Castel, known as Horace de Viel-Castel (16 August 1802 Paris --1 October 1864), was an art lover and collector, and director of the Louvre until 1863.	Horace de Viel-Castel	Paris
place of birth	Case Ian Punnett (born March 3, 1960 in Wilmette, Illinois) is an American radio broadcaster, author, and Episcopalian deacon.	Ian Punnett	Wilmette
place of birth	Daniel Lipšic was born on 8 July 1973 in Bratislava into a family of physicians and doctors.	Daniel Lipšic	Bratislava
place of birth	Daniele Fortunato (born 8 January 1963 in Samarate) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player, who currently manages S.C. Beira-Mar in Segunda Liga.	Daniele Fortunato	Samarate
place of birth	The youngest of four children of a flour miller and corn merchant, Ernest Alexander Pearce, and his wife Gertrude Alice, née Ramsden, Philippa Pearce was born in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire and brought up there on the River Cam at the Mill House.	Philippa Pearce	Cambridgeshire
place of birth	Pierre-Michel Germann, known as Pierre Germann (born March 5, 1985 in Nancy) is a French professional football player.	Pierre Germann	Nancy
place of birth	Zotique Racicot, baptized François-Théophile-Zotique, (October 13, 1845 -- September 14, 1915) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Auxiliary Bishop of Montreal from 1905 to 1915.	Zotique Racicot	Montreal
place of birth	Tuna Aktürk (born 22 September 1977 in Balıkesir) is Balıkesir Vice-Mayor and Balıkesirspor President.	Tuna Aktürk	Balıkesir
place of birth	Amichand Rajbansi, nicknamed the Bengal Tiger, was born in Clairwood, Durban on 14 January 1942.	Amichand Rajbansi	Durban
place of birth	Kristina Bannikova (born 15 June 1991) is an Estonian football player, who plays as a striker for Naiste Meistriliiga club Pärnu and the Estonia women's national football team.	Kristina Bannikova	Estonia
place of birth	Gaetano Fanti (1687 -- 27 September 1759) was an Italian fresco painter born in Bologna.	Gaetano Fanti	Bologna
place of birth	Dr Lakra is represented by kurimanzutto, Mexico City and Kate MacGarry, London.	Dr Lakra	Mexico City
place of birth	Mélanie Pain (pronounced Melanie 'Pan') is a French indie pop singer from Caen.	Mélanie Pain	Caen
place of birth	Andrés Rodales (born June 27, 1986 in Durazno) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Peñarol in the Uruguayan Primera División.	Andrés Rodales	Durazno
place of birth	Linda Sole (b. 1950 in Swindon, Wiltshire, England) is an awarded and prolific British writer of romance and suspense novels since 1980, she also writes under the pseudonyms of Lynn Granville, Anne Herries, Emma Quincey, and Juliana Linden.	Linda Sole	Swindon
place of birth	Serene Husseini Shahid (Arabic: سيرين حُسيني شهيد‎, French: Sirine Husseini Shahid; 1920--2008) was born in Jerusalem as a member of the influential Husayni family.	Serene Husseini Shahid	Jerusalem
place of birth	Jacques Cassard (Nantes, 30 September 1679 -- Ham, 1740) was a French naval officer and privateer.	Jacques Cassard	Nantes
place of birth	Larissa Mabel Riquelme Frutos, usually known as Larissa Riquelme (born 22 February 1985) is a Paraguayan model and actress from Asunción.	Larissa Riquelme	Asunción
place of birth	John Morton Downey was born in Wallingford, Connecticut, the fourth of six children of James A. and Bessie (Cox) Downey, a well-known family in both Wallingford and Waterbury, Connecticut.	Morton Downey	Wallingford
place of birth	Samuel John Stump (c. 1779 -- 1863) was an English painter, who was born at Corsham, Wiltshire, and baptised there on 2 September 1779, the youngest son of John and Betty Stump of Corsham, Wiltshire.	Samuel John Stump	Corsham
place of birth	Line Renaud was born as Jacqueline Ente in Pont-de-Nieppe on 2 July 1928.	Line Renaud	Nieppe
place of birth	Amba Prasad was born in Delhi c. 1860, in an eminent business family.	Amba Prasad	Delhi
place of birth	Nikolai Aleksandrovich Nevsky (Russian: Николай Александрович Невский; the surname is also transcribed Nevskij; March 1 (O.S. February 18) 1892, Yaroslavl - 24 November 1937, Leningrad) was a Russian and Soviet linguist, an expert on a number of East Asian languages.	Nikolai Aleksandrovich Nevsky	Yaroslavl
place of birth	Otto Schenk (born June 12, 1930 in Vienna) is an Austrian actor, and theater and opera director.	Otto Schenk	Vienna
place of birth	Ellen von Unwerth (born 1954, Frankfurt) is a photographer and director, specializing in erotic femininity.	Ellen von Unwerth	Frankfurt
place of birth	Bill Pickett was born in the Jenks-Branch community of Travis County, Texas near Taylor, Texas in 1870.	Bill Pickett	Travis County
place of birth	The Sultan was born on 15 July 1946 in Brunei Town (now called Bandar Seri Begawan) as Pengiran Muda (Crown Prince) Hassanal Bolkiah.	Hassanal Bolkiah	Bandar Seri Begawan
place of birth	Matteo Bobbi (born 2 July 1978 in Milan) is an Italian racing driver with experience in several motor sport categories, including three years as a Minardi test driver in Formula One.	Matteo Bobbi	Milan
place of birth	Huang Yang played for Shanghai Shenhua's youth academy when he was about 15.	Huang Yang	Shanghai
place of birth	Friedhelm Haebermann (born 24 July 1946 in Duisburg) is a former German football player and manager.	Friedhelm Haebermann	Duisburg
place of birth	Robley Wilson (born 1930 in Brunswick, Maine) is an American poet, writer, and editor.	Robley Wilson	Brunswick
place of birth	Richard Steinmetz (born February 16, 1959, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American actor, best known for his role as Martin Fitzgerald on the now-defunct NBC daytime soap opera Passions.	Richard Steinmetz	Chicago
place of birth	John Ortberg, Jr. (born May 5, 1957, Rockford, Illinois) is an evangelical Christian author, speaker, and senior pastor of Menlo Park Presbyterian Church in Menlo Park, California, an evangelical church with more than 4,000 members.	John Ortberg	Rockford
place of birth	Yip Tsz Chun (Chinese: 葉子俊; Jyutping: jip6 zi2 zeon3; born 15 May 1985 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Sun Pegasus and the Hong Kong national football team.	Yip Tsz Chun	Hong Kong
place of birth	Joseph Mahmoud (born 13 December 1955 in Safi, Morocco) was a French athlete who mainly competed in the 3000 metre steeple chase.	Joseph Mahmoud	Safi
place of birth	Haki Doku (born 18 June 1969) in Krujë is an Albanian para-cyclist.	Haki Doku	Krujë
place of birth	Vitaliy Anichkin (born 11 November 1988 in Oral) is a Kazakhstani race walker.	Vitaliy Anichkin	Oral
place of birth	Karl von Enhuber (1811--1867), a genre painter, was born at Hof, in Voigtland.	Karl von Enhuber	Hof
place of birth	Silke Kraushaar-Pielach (born Silke Kraushaar on 10 October 1970 in Sonneberg, Thuringia) is a German luger who competed from 1995 to 2008.	Silke Kraushaar-Pielach	Sonneberg
place of birth	Annika Olsen (born 13 March 1975 in Tórshavn, grew up in Vágur) and is a Faroese politician, high school teacher and former swimmer.	Annika Olsen	Tórshavn
place of birth	Ilya Volykhine (born 1967) is a Russian artist working in Australia Volykhine was born in Ust Labinsk, Russia, emigrated to the United States in 1991 and lived in New York City.	Ilya Volykhine	Russia
place of birth	Tiffany Williams (née Ross; born 5 February 1983 in Miami, Florida) is an American hurdler who is a former double US 400m Hurdles Champion in 2007 and 2008.	Tiffany Williams	Miami
place of birth	Hedrick Smith (born July 9, 1933 in Kilmacolm, Scotland) was a reporter and editor for The New York Times, a producer/correspondent for the PBS show Frontline, and author of several books.	Hedrick Smith	Kilmacolm
place of birth	Roger Vangheluwe was born on 7 November 1936 at Roeselare and studied Christian theology and mathematics.	Roger Vangheluwe	Roeselare
place of birth	George Henry Corliss was born June 2, 1817, the second child of Dr. Hiram and Susan (Sheldon) Corliss, at Easton, New York, near the Vermont border.	George Henry Corliss	Easton, New York
place of birth	Gareth Walters was born in Britain on 27 December 1928, at Swansea in South Wales, and completed his early education there.	Gareth Walters	Swansea
place of birth	Barkha Dutt was born in New Delhi to S. P. Dutt, an official in Air India and Prabha Dutt who was a well-known journalist with the Hindustan Times.	Barkha Dutt	Delhi
place of birth	Maury Rosenberg (born December 18, 1964) is an American singer-songwriter and accordionist from Long Beach, New York.	Maury Rosenberg	Long Beach
place of birth	John Gunby (March 10, 1745 -- May 17, 1807) was an American planter and soldier from Somerset County, Maryland who is considered by many to be ``one of the most gallant officers of the Maryland Line under Gen. Smallwood''.	John Gunby	Somerset County
place of birth	Ernest Tidyman (January 1, 1928 -- July 14, 1984) was a Cleveland-born American author and screenwriter, best known for his novels featuring the African-American detective John Shaft.	Ernest Tidyman	Cleveland
place of birth	Paloma Bloyd (born in Chicago, Illinois) is a Spanish and American actress.	Paloma Bloyd	Chicago
place of birth	Jiang Chen (Chinese: 姜晨; pinyin: Jiāng Chén; born 24 June 1986 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player.	Jiang Chen	Dalian
place of birth	Conor McGrandles (born 24 September 1995) is a Scottish footballer, currently playing for Falkirk as a midfielder, on loan from Norwich City.	Conor McGrandles	Falkirk
place of birth	Margaret Holland Sargent also known as Meg Sargent (born December 30, 1927 in Hollywood, California) is a portrait artist based in Los Angeles, California.	Margaret Holland Sargent	Hollywood
place of birth	Paul Geary (born July 24, 1961, Medford, Massachusetts) is an American rock and roll drummer and Artist Manager.	Paul Geary	Medford
place of birth	Georg Lorenz Bauer was born in Hiltpoltstein, a small market town some 25 km (15 miles) to the north-east of Nuremberg.	Georg Lorenz Bauer	Hiltpoltstein
place of birth	Yang Xiuli (simplified Chinese: 杨秀丽; traditional Chinese: 楊秀麗; pinyin: Yáng Xiùlì; born September 1, 1983 in Fuxin, Liaoning) is a Chinese judoka.	Yang Xiuli	Fuxin
place of birth	Richard Arnold Epstein (born March 5, 1927, Los Angeles), also known under the pseudonym E. P. Stein, is an American game theorist.	Richard Arnold Epstein	Los Angeles
place of birth	Ethan Vogt (born July 13, 1974 in Boston Massachusetts) is an American filmmaker, photographer, visual artist and festival producer.	Ethan Vogt	Boston
place of birth	James Kenty, also known as Hilmer Kenty (born July 30, 1955 in Austin, Texas) is a former WBA professional boxing champion in the lightweight (135lb) division.	Hilmer Kenty	Austin
place of birth	Pevita Pearce (born in Jakarta, October 6, 1992) is an Indonesian actress .	Pevita Pearce	Jakarta
place of birth	Cherkes Ahmet was the leader of Ottoman Turkey's state-sponsored paramilitary marauders of supposedly Circassian origin during World War I. Cherkes Ahmet was from Serres, Macedonia.	Cherkes Ahmet	Serres
place of birth	Syarhey Pawlyukovich (Belarusian: Сяргей Паўлюковіч; Russian: Серге́й Павлюкович; born 19 May 1974 in Minsk) is a Belarusian former professional footballer.	Syarhey Pawlyukovich	Minsk
place of birth	Gerhard Struber (born January 24, 1977 in Kuchl) is a retired Austrian football player who is currently an assistant manager at Red Bull Salzburg.	Gerhard Struber	Kuchl
place of birth	Howard Levi (November 9, 1916, New York City -- September 11, 2002, New York City) was an American mathematician who worked mainly in algebra and mathematical education.	Howard Levi	New York City
place of birth	Jin Shuren (traditional Chinese: 金樹仁; simplified Chinese: 金树仁; pinyin: Jīn Shùrén; Wade--Giles: Chin Shu-jen; 1879--1941) was a Han Chinese born in Gansu, was the warlord governor of Xinjiang, succeeding Yang Zengxin when Yang was assassinated in 1928.	Jin Shuren	Gansu
place of birth	John Pendray, (born July 12, 1937 in the city of London, England), is a Franco-British painter.	John Pendray	London
place of birth	Luis Vargas Peña (1905 in Asunción--1994) was one of the greatest Paraguayan footballers (wingers) before the Second World War.	Luis Vargas Peña	Asunción
place of birth	Gordon Jennings Laing (October 16, 1869 -- September 1, 1945) was an American classical scholar, born in London, Ontario, Canada.	Gordon Jennings Laing	London
place of birth	Adikanda Mahanta (Oriya: ଆଦିକନ୍ଦ ମହାନ୍ତ;) is an Indian folklorist from Chitrada, in Odisha.	Adikanda Mahanta	Chitrada
place of birth	Francis Stuart was born in Townsville, Queensland, Australia on 29 April 1902 to Irish Protestant parents, Henry Irwin Stuart and Elizabeth Barbara Isabel Montgomery; his father was an alcoholic and killed himself when Stuart was an infant.	Francis Stuart	Townsville
place of birth	Andrea Moletta (born 23 February 1979 in Cittadella, Province of Padua) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Continental team Miche-Silver Cross.	Andrea Moletta	Cittadella
place of birth	Friedrich von Oppeln-Bronikowski was born into a traditionalist family of military officers in Kassel.	Friedrich von Oppeln-Bronikowski	Kassel
place of birth	Sterling Hinds (born 31 October 1961 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian sprinter and football player.	Sterling Hinds	Toronto
place of birth	René Arocha studied at the Regla high school in Havana.	René Arocha	Havana
place of birth	Enrico Bondi (born 5 October, 1934 in Arezzo) is an Italian administrator.	Enrico Bondi	Arezzo
place of birth	Said Azimshah Garibzada (Persian: سیدعظیم شاه غریب زاده‎ born in Kabul on 5 May 1957) is a former Afghan football player and trainer.	Said Azimshah Garibzada	Kabul
place of birth	Jan-Chris de Koeijer or Jan Chris de Koeyer (born 20 October 1966, Yerseke) is a Dutch bass player and singer.	Jan-Chris de Koeijer	Yerseke
place of birth	References in his own Laghuramayana indicate that Nilakantha Somayaji was a member of the Kelallur family (Sanskritised as Kerala-sad-grama) residing at Kundagrama, now known as Trikkandiyur in modern Tirur, Kerala.	Nilakantha Somayaji	Tirur
place of birth	Peter Hooten (born November 29, 1950 as John Peter Hooten in Clermont, Florida); is an American actor and producer.	Peter Hooten	Clermont, Florida
place of birth	Dr. Jagannath Mishra is a convicted Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Bihar and a union cabinet minister.	Jagannath Mishra	Bihar
place of birth	Born in the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda on 8 June 1919, Bill Newton was the youngest child of dentist Charles Ellis Newton and his second wife Minnie.	Bill Newton	St Kilda
place of birth	Laurel Rose Willson (August 18, 1941 -- April 8, 2002) was an American woman born in Washington, whose allegations of satanic ritual abuse were published under the alias Lauren Stratford, which she would later adopt as her legal name.	Laurel Rose Willson	Washington
place of birth	Charles Evans, Jr. was born in Manhattan, New York City, New York, 1963 to Charles Evans, Sr. and his first wife, Frances (a documentary filmmaker).	Charles Evans, Jr.	Manhattan
place of birth	Natalie Pike (born April 4, 1983 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a British model, raised in Berwick-on-Tweed and Stockport in England, who won the Miss British Isles Competition and the FHM High Street Honeys competition in 2004.	Natalie Pike	Edinburgh
place of birth	Robert Mohr was born in Bisterschied in the Palatinate in 1897 into the family of a Palatine-born master mason, one of six brothers and three sisters.	Robert Mohr	Bisterschied
place of birth	Stevan Lieberman (born July 22, 1965 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American lawyer, regarded as a legal expert in intellectual property law and patent law.	Stevan Lieberman	Brooklyn
place of birth	Thomas Ulrich (born 11 July 1975, in Berlin) is a German boxer.	Thomas Ulrich	Berlin
place of birth	Christopher Fulford (born 1955, London) is a British actor who is best known for his supporting roles in many British TV shows, one of the earliest being punk Alex in the short lived sitcom Sorry, I'm A Stranger Here Myself (1981).	Christopher Fulford	London
place of birth	Sigalit Landau was born and raised in Jerusalem and spent several years in the US and the UK.	Sigalit Landau	Jerusalem
place of birth	Frederick Gerald Haxton (1892--1944), a native of San Francisco, was the long term secretary and lover of novelist and playwright W. Somerset Maugham.	Gerald Haxton	San Francisco
place of birth	Brett Helm (born May 8, 1962 in Kansas City, Missouri) is a serial entrepreneur and off-road motorcycle racer.	Brett Helm	Kansas City
place of birth	Lois Dodd (born in Montclair, New Jersey, in 1927) is an American painter.	Lois Dodd	Montclair
place of birth	Lo Chun Kit (Chinese: 盧俊傑; Jyutping: lou4 zeon3 git6, born 13 November 1985 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Sun Pegasus.	Lo Chun Kit	Hong Kong
place of birth	C. V. Pappachan (born 20 May 1965) is a former Indian football player from Thrissur, Kerala.	C. V. Pappachan	Thrissur
place of birth	Xavier Roberts (born October 31, 1955, Cleveland, Georgia), manufacturer of Cabbage Patch Kids, is an American businessman.	Xavier Roberts	Cleveland, Georgia
place of birth	Jan Eliasson was born in a working-class family in Gothenburg.	Jan Eliasson	Gothenburg
place of birth	Günter Felke (Laufersweiler, 4 November 1929 - Sohren, 22 March 2005) was a German furniture manufacturer, numismatist and patron of culture.	Günter Felke	Laufersweiler
place of birth	Ieng Sary was born in Nhan Hoa village, which is located in the subdistrict of Luong Hoa (also known as Loeung Va in Khmer), Châu Thành District, Trà Vinh Province, southern Vietnam in 1925.	Ieng Sary	Trà Vinh
place of birth	Walter Brune (* February 14, 1926 in Bremen) is a German architect, urban planner and real estate entrepreneur.	Walter Brune	Bremen
place of birth	Mihail Rahimkulov (Russian: Михаил Николаевич Рахимкулов, also known as Megdet Rahimkulov, 16 October 1945, Moscow) is a Russian-born Hungarian businessman of Tatar origin.	Megdet Rahimkulov	Moscow
place of birth	Tico Santa Cruz (born Luis Guilherme Brunetta Fontenelle de Araújo; September 30, 1977 in Rio de Janeiro) is the frontman of Detonautas Roque Clube.	Tico Santa Cruz	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Silvano Bresadola (born June 15, 1906 in Rovereto; died in 2002) was an Italian professional football player.	Silvano Bresadola	Rovereto
place of birth	Born in San Diego, Lauren Elaine (née Edleson) was discovered at a local mall at the age of 12.	Lauren Elaine	San Diego
place of birth	Julian Nott (born Julian Franklin Keith Nott, 23 August 1960 in Marylebone, London) is a British film composer, mostly of animated films.	Julian Nott	London
place of birth	Deborah Drew is an interior designer who runs her own consultancy in Cardiff and was previously a television presenter.	Deborah Drew	Cardiff
place of birth	Colin McComb (born May 1970) is an American writer and game designer born in Evanston, Illinois.	Colin McComb	Evanston
place of birth	Brett Evans (born 8 March 1982 in Johannesburg, Gauteng) is a South African footballer who played for Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town.	Brett Evans	Johannesburg
place of birth	Wilhelm Holtz (15 October 1836 -- 27 September 1913) was a German physicist who was a native of Saatel bei Barth, Mecklenburg.	Wilhelm Holtz	Barth
place of birth	Patricia Piccinini (born 1965 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is an Australian artist who works in a variety of media, including painting, video, sound, installation, digital prints, and sculpture.	Patricia Piccinini	Freetown
place of birth	Andrey Boreyko (Russian: Андре́й Ви́кторович Боре́йко, Andrey Viktorovich Boreyko, born July 22, 1957 in Saint Petersburg) is a Russian conductor.	Andrey Boreyko	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Magalan Ugochukwu Awala (born June 20, 1990 in Kaduna) is a Nigerian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Beitar Tel Aviv Ramla.	Magalan Ugochukwu Awala	Kaduna
place of birth	Asmirandah was born October 5, 1989 in Jakarta, she is the only child of Anton Farmidji Zantman and Muhammad Sani Suliwati.	Asmirandah	Jakarta
place of birth	Soga Sambo (born October 5, 1985 in Kaduna) is a Nigerian football striker who currently plays for Kwara United F.C..	Soga Sambo	Kaduna
place of birth	Kaylin Irvine (born September 3, 1990) is a Canadian speedskater from Calgary.	Kaylin Irvine	Calgary
place of birth	Ángel Cristo Dordi (17 October 1944 in Huelva -- 4 May 2010 in Madrid) was a Spanish circus performer.	Ángel Cristo	Huelva
place of birth	Rahul Ravindran was born and brought up in Chennai, though his roots are from the Thanjavur district of Tamil Nadu.	Rahul Ravindran	Chennai
place of birth	Pieter Braun (born 21 January 1993 in Terheijden) is a Dutch athlete competing in the combined events events.	Pieter Braun	Terheijden
place of birth	Duncan Wu (born 3 November, 1961 in Woking, Surrey) is a British academic and biographer.	Duncan Wu	Woking
place of birth	Joseph-Ubalde Beaudry (May 15, 1816 -- January 11, 1876) was a jurist and author from Montreal.	Joseph-Ubalde Beaudry	Montreal
place of birth	Jacques Mairesse (27 February 1905 in Paris -- 13 June 1940) was a French association footballer.	Jacques Mairesse	Paris
place of birth	Ernst von Herzog (23 November 1834, Esslingen am Neckar -- 16 November 1911) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist, who as an expert in the field of Roman epigraphy.	Ernst von Herzog	Esslingen am Neckar
place of birth	Marguerite Frank was born in France and migrated to US during war in 1939.	Marguerite Frank	France
place of birth	Luke de Woolfson (born in Woodbridge, England on 7 March 1976) is a British film and television actor.	Luke de Woolfson	Woodbridge
place of birth	Foday Sankoh was born on 17 October 1937, in the remote village of Masang Mayoso, Tonkolili District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone to an ethnic Temne father and a Loko mother.	Foday Sankoh	Tonkolili District
place of birth	Stephen Andrew is a Canadian-British journalist born in Watford, England and is best known for his work as a television news reporter and anchor.	Stephen Andrew	Watford
place of birth	Rogério Manjate was born in the Malanga neighborhood of Maputo in April 1972.	Rogério Manjate	Maputo
place of birth	Janina David was born as the only child to a Jewish Polish family, and moved with them to Warsaw in 1939.	Janina David	Warsaw
place of birth	Emma Goldrick was the pseudonym used by the married writing team formed by Emma Elizabeth Jean Sutcliffe (born February 7, 1923 in Puerto Rico - died November 20, 2008) and Robert N. Goldrick (born March 22, 1919 in Massachusetts, USA - died January 22, 1996).	Emma Goldrick	Massachusetts
place of birth	William Mahone was born at Brown's Ferry near Courtland in Southampton County, Virginia, to Fielding Jordan Mahone and Martha (née Drew) Mahone.	William Mahone	Southampton County
place of birth	Pepper Adams was born in Highland Park, Michigan, to father Park Adams II and mother Cleo Marie Coyle.	Pepper Adams	Highland Park
place of birth	Gregg Tafralis (Gregory Louis Tafralis; born April 9, 1958 in San Francisco, California) is a former track and field athlete from the United States, who set the best world year performance in the men's shot put event in 1992.	Gregg Tafralis	San Francisco
place of birth	Gaëtan Varenne (born 24 June 1990 in Le Puy-en-Velay) is a French professional football player who currently plays in the Liga Leumit for Hapoel Jerusalem.	Gaëtan Varenne	Le Puy-en-Velay
place of birth	Paul Kingsnorth (born 1972 in Worcester) is an English writer and thinker.	Paul Kingsnorth	Worcester
place of birth	Tony Sanneh was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota to an African father from Gambia and an American mother from Wisconsin.	Tony Sanneh	Saint Paul
place of birth	Claudio Procesi (March 31, 1941 in Rome) is an Italian mathematician, known for works in algebra and representation theory.	Claudio Procesi	Rome
place of birth	Georges Jacobs also serves on the Board of Directors of UCB, Belgacom, Bekaert, Spadel and SN Brussels Airlines.	Georges Jacobs	Brussels
place of birth	The son of Rear Admiral Edward D. Taussig and his wife Ellen Kneffler, Joseph Taussig was born in Dresden, Germany where his father, a lieutenant (navy) was on special service at the European Station (February 1877 -- January 1880).	Joseph Taussig	Dresden
place of birth	Arnold Potts was born on 16 September 1896 at Peel on the Isle of Man to William, a schoolmaster, and Mary Potts.	Arnold Potts	Isle of Man
place of birth	Antonio de Bellis (c. 1616 - c. 1656) was an Italian painter from Naples, active in the Baroque period.	Antonio de Bellis	Naples
place of birth	Liu Yandong was born in Nantong County, Jiangsu, in what was then Republic of China.	Liu Yandong	Nantong
place of birth	Stefano Ceccaroni (born 12 January 1961 in Basel) is a retired Swiss-Italian football player.	Stefano Ceccaroni	Basel
place of birth	Jaime de Armiñán was born on 9 March 1927 in Madrid within a family of artist, politicians and writers.	Jaime de Armiñán	Madrid
place of birth	Alexander Goldscheider (born June 22, 1950 in Prague) is a Czech-born composer, music producer, and computer specialist living since 1981 in London.	Alexander Goldscheider	Prague
place of birth	Stefie Shock (the stage name of Stéphane Caron, born in Montreal March 9, 1969) is a Québécois singer-songwriter.	Stefie Shock	Montreal
place of birth	Betsy Eby was born on April 3, 1967 in the small coastal city of Seaside, Oregon.	Betsy Eby	Seaside, Oregon
place of birth	Patrizio Prata (born February 2, 1972 in Milan) is an Italian voice actor and dubbing director.	Patrizio Prata	Milan
place of birth	Georg Friedrich von Reichenbach (24 August 1771 -- 21 May 1826), German scientific instrument maker, was born at Durlach in Baden on 24 August 1771.	Georg Friedrich von Reichenbach	Durlach
place of birth	Morris Moss was born on May 31, 1842 to a well-off Jewish family in London, England.	Morris Moss	London
place of birth	Charles Harper Bennett (Born 1840 in London, died 1927 in Sydney) was an English photographic pioneer.	Charles Harper Bennett	London
place of birth	Ron Gilbert was born in La Grande, Oregon, as the son of David E. Gilbert, a physics professor and former president of Eastern Oregon University (then Eastern Oregon State College).	Ron Gilbert	La Grande
place of birth	Giovanni Battista Riccio (Giambattista Riccio) (late 16th century -- after 1621) was a musician and composer of the early Baroque era, resident in Venice, most notable for his development of instrumental forms, particularly utilizing the recorder.	Giovanni Battista Riccio	Venice
place of birth	Andrew J. Weaher (or Weaber) was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on May 22, 1842, and enlisted in the United States Army there.	Andrew J. Weaher	Philadelphia
place of birth	André Tota (born December 9, 1950 in Briey) is a former French footballer of Polish origin.	André Tota	Briey
place of birth	Susanne Gunnarsson (née Wiberg; born 8 September 1963 in Katrineholm) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the late 1990s.	Susanne Gunnarsson	Katrineholm
place of birth	Xu Xiaoming (simplified Chinese: 徐晓明; traditional Chinese: 徐曉明; pinyin: Xú Xiǎomíng; born September 14, 1984 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is an internationally elite curler from China.	Xu Xiaoming	Harbin
place of birth	Daba Diawara was born in Bamako, son of Gabou Diawara, former minister and political ally of the first president, Modibo Keïta.	Daba Diawara	Bamako
place of birth	Nina Akamu is a Japanese American artist that was born in Midwest City, Oklahoma, she is the actual Vice President of the National Sculpture Society.	Nina Akamu	Midwest City
place of birth	Brandan Schieppati (born August 3, 1980, Newport Beach, California) is the singer of metalcore band Bleeding Through.	Brandan Schieppati	Newport Beach
place of birth	Mika Lönnström (born 24 May 1974 in Porvoo) is a Finnish football coach and manager who holds a UEFA Pro-License.	Mika Lönnström	Porvoo
place of birth	Aurélien Passeron (born January 19, 1984 in Nice) is a French professional road racing cyclist, who last rode for the Silber Pro Cycling team.	Aurélien Passeron	Nice
place of birth	Aylin Kösetürk (born August 5, 1993 in Vienna) is an Austrian fashion model of Turkish descent.	Aylin Kösetürk	Vienna
place of birth	Martin Balsam was born in Bronx borough of New York City to Russian-Jewish parents, Lillian (née Weinstein) and Albert Balsam, who was a manufacturer of women's sportswear.	Martin Balsam	New York City
place of birth	Dr. Mohamed Sirad Dolal was an academic and a member of the central committee and executive council of the Ogaden National Liberation Front (ONLF), a liberation movement in Ogaden determined to free its homeland from Ethiopia.	Mohamed Sirad Dolal	Ogaden
place of birth	Lawrence Bingham (born 28 May 1969 in England) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Lawrence Bingham	England
place of birth	Luca Dal Fabbro (born January 1, 1951 in Rome) is an Italian voice actor and dubbing director.	Luca Dal Fabbro	Rome
place of birth	Jiří Kittner (born 5 January 1963 in Liberec) is a Czech politician who has served as mayor of Liberec since 2000.	Jiří Kittner	Liberec
place of birth	David Hykes (born March 2, 1953, Taos, New Mexico) is a composer, singer, musician, author, and meditation teacher.	David Hykes	Taos
place of birth	Mohammad Atrianfar (محمد عطریانفر; born 1953 in Isfahan) is an Iranian journalist and reformist politician, currently the head of the ``Policymaking Council'' of the daily newspaper Shargh.	Mohammad Atrianfar	Isfahan
place of birth	Stefan Markolf (born 3 January 1984 in Witzenhausen, Hesse) is the first deaf German professional footballer.	Stefan Markolf	Witzenhausen
place of birth	Marlyn Mason (born August 7, 1940, in San Fernando, California) is an American actress, producer, screenwriter.	Marlyn Mason	San Fernando
place of birth	Dante Basco is a Filipino American born in Pittsburg, California and raised in Cerritos and Paramount, California.	Dante Basco	Pittsburg, California
place of birth	George Kleinsinger (February 13, 1914 -- July 28, 1982) was an American composer from San Bernardino, California, best known for his collaboration with Paul Tripp on the 1940s children's classical-music piece ``Tubby the Tuba''.	George Kleinsinger	San Bernardino
place of birth	The main grammar school (lycée) in Saint Omer, the Lycée Alexandre Ribot, bears his name today.	Alexandre Ribot	Saint Omer
place of birth	Heinrich Adolf Rinne (January 24, 1819 -- July 26, 1868) was a German otologist born in Vlotho an der Weser.	Heinrich Adolf Rinne	Vlotho
place of birth	Conway Twitty was born Harold Lloyd Jenkins on September 1, 1933 in Friars Point in Coahoma County in northwestern Mississippi.	Conway Twitty	Friars Point
place of birth	Juan José Aramburu Amorena (born 13 October 1981 in Irun) is an Olympic skeet shooter.	Juan José Aramburu	Irun
place of birth	Clayton Littlewood (born in 1963 in Skegness) is the author of the book/play Dirty White Boy:	Clayton Littlewood	Skegness
place of birth	Franjo Tepurić (born 10 February 1990 in Jajce) is a Croatian football striker, currently playing for Bergsøy in the Norwegian Third Division.	Franjo Tepurić	Jajce
place of birth	Eleanor Bron was born in 1938 in Stanmore, Middlesex, into a Jewish family.	Eleanor Bron	Stanmore
place of birth	Bathycles of Magnesia was an Ionian sculptor of Magnesia on the Maeander.	Bathycles of Magnesia	Magnesia on the Maeander
place of birth	Zheng Long started his football career in the 2006 league season after he graduated from Qingdao Jonoon's youth academy.	Zheng Long	Qingdao
place of birth	Lee Chi Kin (Chinese: 李志堅) is a Hong Kong football manager.	Lee Chi Kin	Hong Kong
place of birth	Gary Peacock (born May 12, 1935, in Burley, Idaho, United States) is an American jazz double-bassist.	Gary Peacock	Burley
place of birth	Hugo Kükelhaus grew up as the oldest of five children in a household that was closely connected to the crafts, his father being chairman of the association of carpenters of the town of Essen and involved in reorganising the associations of vocational professions of the German crafts.	Hugo Kükelhaus	Essen
place of birth	Nicola Alongi (Prizzi, January 22, 1863 -- Prizzi, February 29, 1920), was a Sicilian socialist leader, involved in the Fasci Siciliani (Sicilian Leagues) a popular movement of democratic and socialist inspiration in 1891-1894.	Nicola Alongi	Prizzi
place of birth	Sally Jane Bruce (born December 2, 1948, Los Angeles, California) is an American former child performer, best known for playing little Pearl Harper in Charles Laughton's 1955 film noir The Night of the Hunter.	Sally Jane Bruce	Los Angeles
place of birth	Jon Hassler was born in Minneapolis, but spent his formative years in the small Minnesota towns of Staples and Plainview, where he graduated from high school.	Jon Hassler	Minneapolis
place of birth	Gary Watson (13 June 1930 in Shropshire, England) is a retired British television actor who started out as a stage actor most notably acting in Friedrich Hebbel's 1962 play Judith at Her Majesty's Theatre in London, England with Sean Connery.	Gary Watson	Shropshire
place of birth	Anders Thomas Jensen (born 6 April 1972 in Frederiksværk) is a Danish screenwriter and film director.	Anders Thomas Jensen	Frederiksværk
place of birth	Heydar Moslehi (born 1957 in Isfahan) is an Iranian cleric and politician who served as the minister of intelligence from 2009 to 2013.	Heydar Moslehi	Isfahan
place of birth	Mina Kruseman was born in Velp, Gelderland to H. G. Kruseman, who went on to serve in the Dutch army in the Dutch East Indies, taking the family with him.	Mina Kruseman	Velp
place of birth	François Isaac de Rivaz (Paris, December 19, 1752 -- Sion, July 30, 1828) was an inventor and a politician.	François Isaac de Rivaz	Paris
place of birth	Ming Chen was born in Ohio to parents born in China, but raised in Taiwan.	Ming Chen	Ohio
place of birth	Kateřina Beránková (born October 12, 1977 in Brno) is a Czech retired pair skater and single skater.	Kateřina Beránková	Brno
place of birth	Ramy Bensebaini (born 16 April 1995 in Constantine) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Montpellier HSC, on loan from Paradou AC. He plays primarily as a central defender but can also play as a left-back and a defensive midfielder.	Ramy Bensebaini	Constantine
place of birth	Andreas Laskaratos was born in Lixouri in 1811, at the time when the Ionian islands were moving from the French to the British as a protectorate.	Andreas Laskaratos	Lixouri
place of birth	Joachim Schlör (born 1960 in Heilbronn) is a culture scientist and professor at the Parkes Institute for Jewish/non-Jewish Relations at the University of Southampton.	Joachim Schlör	Heilbronn
place of birth	Nikola Pejaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Пејаковић) is a Serbian actor and musician, born in 1966 in Banja Luka.	Nikola Pejaković	Banja Luka
place of birth	Born in Budapest, to Sándor Fábry Sr. and Éva Kovácsy.	Sándor Fábry	Budapest
place of birth	Sophie Chandauka (born 19 February 1978) is a Zimbabwe born Corporate Lawyer and Head of Group Treasury (Legal) at Virgin Money in London.	Sophie Chandauka	Zimbabwe
place of birth	Gergely Kiss (born 21 September 1977 in Budapest) is a Hungarian water polo player who plays for Vasas SC in the Hungarian Championship.	Gergely Kiss	Budapest
place of birth	Dai Qinhua (born 7 September 1985 in Anshan, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a Midfielder.	Dai Qinhua	Anshan
place of birth	Ariel Rot (born Ariel Rotenberg Gutkin in Buenos Aires, 19 April 1960) is an Argentine musician.	Ariel Rot	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Brian Townsend is an American professional poker player currently residing in Santa Barbara, California.	Brian Townsend	Santa Barbara
place of birth	Aditya Roy Kapur was born in Mumbai on 16 November 1985, to a Punjabi father and an Indian-Jewish mother, Salome Roy Kapur nee Aaron.	Aditya Roy Kapur	Mumbai
place of birth	Richard Vetere (born January 15, 1952 in New York City) is an American Playwright, screenwriter, television writer, poet and actor.	Richard Vetere	New York City
place of birth	Michael Schmidt-Salomon (born 14 September 1967 in Trier) is a German author, philosopher, and public relations manager.	Michael Schmidt-Salomon	Trier
place of birth	Serious Considerations on Various Subjects of Importance by John Woolman, of Mount-Holly, New-Jersey, with some of his dying expressions, published posthumously in 1805 by Collins, Perkins and Co., New York.	John Woolman	New-Jersey
place of birth	Born in Toronto, Ontario as a first-generation Italian-Canadian, Fred Curatolo studied at the esteemed visual arts program at C.W. Jefferys Collegiate Institute from 1974 to 1978.	Fred Curatolo	Toronto
place of birth	Wolfgang Ambros (born March 19, 1952, in Wolfsgraben, Niederösterreich) is an Austrian singer-songwriter, most famously known for setting the then-new trend in the 1970s known now as Austropop.	Wolfgang Ambros	Wolfsgraben
place of birth	Giorgio Braglia (born February 19, 1947 in Bomporto) is a retired Italian professional football player who played as a midfielder.	Giorgio Braglia	Bomporto
place of birth	George Anastasios Magalios (born in 1967 in Montreal, Canada) is a contemporary artist and philosopher, and the founder of George Magalios Studios.	George Anastasios Magalios	Montreal
place of birth	Melih Abdulhayoğlu was born in Turkey, where he studied at Hatay high-school.	Melih Abdulhayoğlu	Turkey
place of birth	Jean Ouimet (born September 3, 1954 in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Quebec) is a Québécois politician and the president of Naviga-Cité, a multimedia company.	Jean Ouimet	Salaberry-de-Valleyfield
place of birth	Sergei Chukhray (Russian: Чухра́й Серге́й Алексе́евич, born May 31, 1955 in Belogorsk, Amur Oblast) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s.	Sergei Chukhray	Belogorsk
place of birth	Peter Agostini (February 13, 1913 Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan -- March 27, 1993) was an American sculptor.	Peter Agostini	Hell's Kitchen
place of birth	Thelma Barlow was born in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire in 1929, the younger of two daughters.	Thelma Barlow	Middlesbrough
place of birth	Helen Velando (born 3 December 1961) in Montevideo is a Uruguayan writer of books for children and young people.	Helen Velando	Montevideo
place of birth	Ann Northrop (born 1948 in Hartford, Connecticut) is a journalist and activist, and the current co-host of TV news program Gay USA.	Ann Northrop	Hartford
place of birth	Frédéric Devreese (born June 2, 1929, Amsterdam) is a Dutch-born Belgian composer of mostly orchestral, chamber and piano works that have been performed throughout the world; he is also active as a conductor.	Frédéric Devreese	Amsterdam
place of birth	Tim Flannery is currently a Professorial Fellow at the Melbourne Sustainable Society Institute, University of Melbourne.	Tim Flannery	Melbourne
place of birth	Bob Thall is a Chicago photographer specializing in street scenes.	Bob Thall	Chicago
place of birth	Aimee Nezhukumatathil (born in 1974 in Chicago, Illinois) is an Asian American poet, best known for her jovial and accessible reading style and lush descriptions of exotic foods and landscapes.	Aimee Nezhukumatathil	Chicago
place of birth	Alain Veinstein (born 17 August 1942, in Cannes) is a poet and writer, winner of the Mallarmé prize and a host and producer of radio.	Alain Veinstein	Cannes
place of birth	Mimnermus (Greek: Μίμνερμος Mímnermos) was a Greek elegiac poet from either Colophon or Smyrna in Ionia, who flourished about 630--600 BC. He was strongly influenced by the example of Homer yet he wrote short poems suitable for performance at drinking parties and was remembered by ancient authorities chiefly as a love poet.	Mimnermus	Colophon
place of birth	Jørgen Roed, (13 January 1808 -- 8 August 1888), Danish portrait and genre painter associated with the Golden Age of Danish Painting, was born in Ringsted to Peder Jørgensen Roed and wife, Ellen Hansdatter.	Jørgen Roed	Ringsted
place of birth	Billie Lee Turner II (born December 22, 1945, Texas City, Texas, USA) is an American geographer, member of the National Academy of Sciences, and prominent among the third generation of the Berkeley School of Latin Americanist Geography.	Billie Lee Turner II	Texas City
place of birth	Lee Eun-sang was born on October 22, 1903 at Sangnam-dong, Masan in Korea.	Lee Eun-sang	Masan
place of birth	Romario da Silva Resende known as Romario (born 3 December 1990 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian football forward who currently plays for Bulgarian side Tundzha Yambol.	Romario da Silva Resende	São Paulo
place of birth	Ruud van Empel (born 21 November 1958 in Breda) is a Dutch photographer and visual artist.	Ruud van Empel	Breda
place of birth	Besim Üstünel was born to Emin Üstünel and his wife Zekiye in Gaziantep, Southeastern Turkey in 1927.	Besim Üstünel	Gaziantep
place of birth	Namitha was crowned Miss Surat during the year of 1998.	Namitha	Surat
place of birth	Dunville was born on 7 May 1896 in Marylebone, London, to Colonel John Dunville Dunville CBE DL and Violet Anne Blanch Dunville (née Lambart).	John Dunville	Marylebone
place of birth	Donal Hord (February 26, 1902 -- June 29, 1966), an American sculptor, was born Donald Horr in Prentice, Wisconsin.	Donal Hord	Prentice
place of birth	Russell C. Davis was born in Tuskegee, Alabama on October 22, 1938, and graduated from Tuskegee Institute High School.	Russell C. Davis	Tuskegee
place of birth	Gunno Dahlstierna whose original surname was Eurelius, was born in the parish of Ör (now part of Mellerud Municipality) in Dalsland, where his father was rector.	Gunno Dahlstierna	Dalsland
place of birth	Aymo Maggi (30 July 1903 -- 23 October 1961) was an Italian racing car driver from Brescia.	Aymo Maggi	Brescia
place of birth	Xu Hong (Chinese: 徐弘; pinyin: Xú Hóng; born May 14, 1968 in Liaoning) is a retired Chinese football player and football manager.	Xu Hong	Liaoning
place of birth	Lewis Vaughan (born 19 December 1995) in Edinburgh, Scotland is a Scottish footballer who plays for Scottish Championship club Raith Rovers.	Lewis Vaughan	Edinburgh
place of birth	Colin Donnell was born in St. Louis, Missouri, as the youngest of three boys.	Colin Donnell	St. Louis
place of birth	Michele was born Michael Michele Williams in Evansville, Indiana, the elder of two daughters.	Michael Michele	Evansville
place of birth	David Quezada (born August 28, 1973 in Costa Rica) is a former United States international soccer player.	David Quezada	Costa Rica
place of birth	Graham Stewart (born 1975 in Perth, Scotland) is a Scottish radio and television broadcaster who currently presents Reporting Scotland for BBC Scotland.	Graham Stewart	Perth
place of birth	Jean Rouppert was born on 11 August 1887 in Custines, a town which is situated in the district of Meurthe-et-Moselle.	Jean Rouppert	Custines
place of birth	Born in Thurso, Scotland to Fiona and Cliff Rennie on 22 May 1975, Martin Rennie spent the first 10 years of his life in Bettyhill where his father was a Church of Scotland minister.	Martin Rennie	Thurso
place of birth	Rory Hamill (born 4 May 1976 in Coleraine) is a footballer, who currently plays for P.S.N.I. in Northern Ireland's IFA Championship 2.	Rory Hamill	Coleraine
place of birth	Karl Friedrich Hermann Lungkwitz was born on March 14, 1813 in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt to hosiery manufacturer Johann Gottfried Lungkwitz and his wife Friederike Wilhelmine (Hecht) Lungkwitz.	Hermann Lungkwitz	Halle
place of birth	Jessica Rakoczy (born April 14, 1977) is a professional boxer and professional mixed martial arts fighter from Hamilton, Ontario and seven time women lightweight boxing champion of the world.	Jessica Rakoczy	Hamilton
place of birth	Arjan Swinkels (born 15 October 1984 in Moergestel) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a centre back for Roda JC Kerkrade in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Arjan Swinkels	Moergestel
place of birth	Jim Leeker (born St. Louis, Missouri) is a former U.S. soccer player.	Jim Leeker	St. Louis
place of birth	Giorgio Antonucci (Lucca, 1933) is an Italian physician, known for his questioning of the basis of psychiatry.	Giorgio Antonucci	Lucca
place of birth	Ryszard Wieczorek (born 25 January 1962 in Wodzisław Śląski) is the former manager of the Polish football team Limanovia Limanowa.	Ryszard Wieczorek	Wodzisław Śląski
place of birth	Harold Dieterle III (born 1977 in West Babylon, New York) is an American chef, best known as the winner of the first season of the Bravo television network's reality television series Top Chef.	Harold Dieterle	West Babylon, New York
place of birth	Delphine Py-Bilot (born 27 January 1979 in Montpellier) is a French professional triathlete.	Delphine Py-Bilot	Montpellier
place of birth	Colleen Townsend (born December 21, 1928 in Glendale, California) is an American actress, author and humanitarian.	Colleen Townsend	Glendale
place of birth	Martin Kuciak is a product of Žilina youth academy.	Martin Kuciak	Žilina
place of birth	Jiří Krampol (born July 11, 1938 in Buštěhrad, Kladno District) is a Czech film and theatre actor.	Jiří Krampol	Buštěhrad
place of birth	Matías Aguirregaray Guruceaga (born 1 April 1989 in Porto Alegre) is an Uruguayan football player who is currently playing for Estudiantes de La Plata.	Matías Aguirregaray	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Andreas Meklau (born 7 June 1967 in Bruck an der Mur) is an Austrian motorcycle racer.	Andreas Meklau	Bruck an der Mur
place of birth	Sheila Elias, (Chicago, Illinois) is an American artist.	Sheila Elias	Chicago
place of birth	Karl Otto Weber (December 29, 1827 -- June 11, 1867) was a German surgeon and pathologist born in Frankfurt am Main.	Karl Otto Weber	Frankfurt
place of birth	Brendan Reed is an American multi-instrumentalist, composer, artist, and film-maker from Williamsburg, Virginia known for his short films, recordings, compositions, and performances with numerous bands from Montréal, Canada and Williamsburg, Virginia.	Brendan Reed	Williamsburg
place of birth	Mary Ann Casey (born November 11, 1949 in Boulder, Colorado) is a retired career Foreign Service Officer and U.S. Ambassador to Algeria (1991--1994) and Tunisia (1994--1997).	Mary Ann Casey	Boulder
place of birth	Raivis Hščanovičs (born 15 February 1987 in Riga) is a Latvian footballer, currently playing for FS METTA/Latvijas Universitāte in the Latvian Higher League and the founder of the charity foundation RH3 fonds.	Raivis Hščanovičs	Riga
place of birth	Deepak Prakash (born 10 March 1992 in Bangalore, Karnataka) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for Students Union of the Bangalore Super Division.	Deepak Prakash	Bangalore
place of birth	Leonid Lakerbaia (Abkhaz: Леонид Ла́крба, Georgian: ლეონიდ ლაკერბაია; born 1 January 1947 in Kutaisi), was the Prime Minister of Abkhazia in the Government of President Ankvab from 27 September 2011 until his resignation on 2 June 2014 following the 2014 Abkhazian political crisis.	Leonid Lakerbaia	Kutaisi
place of birth	Adolfo Ruiz Cortines was born on December 30, 1889 in the state of Veracruz.	Adolfo Ruiz Cortines	Veracruz
place of birth	Ismail Mahfooz also known as Imma Mahfooz was a former Maldivian international footballer and is the current head coach of the Maldives national football team under a caretaker capacity.	Ismail Mahfooz	Maldives
place of birth	Peng Shige (simplified Chinese: 彭实戈; traditional Chinese: 彭實戈; pinyin: Péng Shígē, born December , 1947 in Binzhou, Shandong Province, China) is a Chinese mathematician noted for his contributions in stochastic analysis and mathematical finance.	Peng Shige	Binzhou
place of birth	The stubborn and determined Anthony B refused to give up his new religion and his dreadlocks and moved to the home of his aunt and uncle in the Kingston suburb, Portmore.	Anthony B	Kingston
place of birth	David Randolph was born David Rosenberg in Manhattan on December 21, 1914 to Morris Rosenberg and Elsie Goodman.	David Randolph	Manhattan
place of birth	Camillo Ciano (born February 22, 1990 in Marcianise) is an Italian professional football player.	Camillo Ciano	Marcianise
place of birth	Ulysses Gomez (Los Angeles, May 25, 1983) is a Mexican American mixed martial artist who competes in the flyweight and bantamweight divisions.	Ulysses Gomez	Los Angeles
place of birth	Onésimo Redondo was born in Quintanilla de Abajo, Valladolid (today renamed after Redondo as Quintanilla de Onésimo).	Onésimo Redondo	Quintanilla de Onésimo
place of birth	Born in Phoenix, Arizona, the diminutive Pauline Crawley was a surehanded outfielder with a strong throwing arm.	Pauline Crawley	Phoenix
place of birth	Serhiy Mykhalchuk (Ukrainian: Сергій Михальчук; born 13 July 1972, in Lutsk) is a Ukrainian cinematographer.	Serhiy Mykhalchuk	Lutsk
place of birth	Gabriel Ríos (born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, 1978) is a Puerto Rican / Belgian singer songwriter currently residing in Belgium and New York.	Gabriel Ríos	San Juan
place of birth	Ljubiša Vukelja (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубиша Вукеља; born 22 July 1983) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Proleter Novi Sad.	Ljubiša Vukelja	Novi Sad
place of birth	Nicola Campogrande (born 9 October 1969, Turin) is an Italian composer, also a music journalist.	Nicola Campogrande	Turin
place of birth	Louis-Martin Berthault was born in Paris on 30 September 1770 into a wealthy family of Paris entrepreneurs.	Louis-Martin Berthault	Paris
place of birth	Antoine Mac Giolla Bhrighde (IPA:(ˈmˠakˈɟɪl̪ˠəˈvʲɾʲɪjdʲə)) (English Tony or Anthony MacBride (also misspelled Tony McBride), 29 August 1957 -- 2 December 1984), was a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) volunteer from Desertmartin, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.	Antoine Mac Giolla Bhrighde	Desertmartin
place of birth	Abderrahim Essaidi (born 2 June 1983 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan footballer, Saidi is currently attached to KAC Marrakech.	Abderrahim Essaidi	Casablanca
place of birth	Agnes Chan began singing and playing guitar in her junior high years in Hong Kong, as volunteer work for fundraising events.	Agnes Chan	Hong Kong
place of birth	Miklós Réthelyi (born 8 June 1939 in Zalaegerszeg) is a Hungarian physician and politician, former Minister of National Resources.	Miklós Réthelyi	Zalaegerszeg
place of birth	Ken Narasaki (born in 1958 in Seattle, Washington) is a Yonsei (fourth-generation Japanese American) playwright and actor.	Ken Narasaki	Seattle
place of birth	Marcel Augusto Ortolan (born 12 November 1981 in Mirassol, São Paulo), commonly known as Marcel, is a Brazilian footballer.	Marcel Augusto Ortolan	Mirassol
place of birth	Wilhelm Groener was born in Ludwigsburg in the Kingdom of Württemberg as the son of Karl Eduard Groener (1837-1893), regimental paymaster, and his wife Auguste (née Boleg, 1825-1907) on 22 November 1867.	Wilhelm Groener	Ludwigsburg
place of birth	Kristi Yamaguchi was born on July 12, 1971 in Hayward, California, to Jim Yamaguchi, a dentist, and Carole (née Doi), a medical secretary.	Kristi Yamaguchi	Hayward
place of birth	Peter Kostis (born December 23, 1947 in Sanford, Maine) is an American golf analyst and instructor.	Peter Kostis	Sanford
place of birth	Honey Irani was born into an Irani, Zoroastrian family in Mumbai.	Honey Irani	Mumbai
place of birth	Peter Abelsson (born 14 July 1977) is a Swedish football defender who currently plays his second spell for Trelleborgs FF. His previous clubs include Nybro IF, Viking and Malmö FF.	Peter Abelsson	Nybro
place of birth	Margo Tamez (born 28 January 1962 in Austin, Texas, USA) is a Lipan Apache author of the Hada'didla Nde' (``Lightning Storm People''), Konitsaii Nde'(``Big Water People'') and an enrolled member of the Lipan Apache Band of Texas.	Margo Tamez	Austin
place of birth	Khaled Choudhury was born on 20 December 1919 in Karimganj, which was then in undivided Assam, a State of British India.	Khaled Choudhury	Assam
place of birth	Felix Aylmer was born in Corsham, Wiltshire, the son of Lilian (Cookworthy) and Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Edward Aylmer Jones.	Felix Aylmer	Corsham
place of birth	Mitch Apau (born April 27, 1990 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a right back for Westerlo in the Belgian Pro League.	Mitch Apau	Amsterdam
place of birth	Maitê Proença Gallo, (born 28 January 1958, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actress.	Maitê Proença	São Paulo
place of birth	Svetozar Kurepa was born in Majske Poljane, in what was then the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and now part of Croatia near what is today Glina, Croatia.	Svetozar Kurepa	Majske Poljane
place of birth	Vern Oliver Knudsen (Provo, Utah, December 27, 1893 - May 13, 1974) was an American acoustical physicist.	Vern Oliver Knudsen	Provo
place of birth	Alexander Moritzi (1806-1850) was a Swiss naturalist born in Chur, Graubünden.	Alexander Moritzi	Chur
place of birth	Joseph Sonnabend was born in 1933 to a physician mother and a university professor father in South Africa.	Joseph Sonnabend	South Africa
place of birth	Clément Tainmont (born 13 February 1986 in Valenciennes) is a French football player who currently plays for Belgian Pro League side Sporting Charleroi.	Clément Tainmont	Valenciennes
place of birth	Brady Boyd (born 11 January 1967, Logansport, Louisiana) is the senior pastor of New Life Church in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Brady Boyd	Logansport
place of birth	Philostratus the Younger (Greek: Φιλόστρατος; fl. 3rd century AD), also known as Philostratus of Lemnos, was a Greek sophist of the Roman imperial period.	Philostratus the Younger	Lemnos
place of birth	Megan Joy (born September 18, 1985 as Megan Joy Knudsen), formerly known as Megan Joy Corkrey, is an American singer-songwriter and actress from Sandy, Utah, who was the ninth place finalist on the eighth season of American Idol.	Megan Joy	Sandy
place of birth	Born in Alexandria, Virginia in 1849, Zachariah T. Woodall enlisted in the U.S. Army following the American Civil War.	Zachariah T. Woodall	Alexandria
place of birth	Yuval Gabay (born July 23, 1963) is a Jerusalem-born hip-hop drummer who currently lives and works in the United States.	Yuval Gabay	Jerusalem
place of birth	Jérôme Lalemant, S.J. (Paris, April 27, 1593 -- Quebec City, January 26, 1673) was a French Jesuit priest who was a leader of the Jesuit mission in New France.	Jérôme Lalemant	Paris
place of birth	Gianni Del Buono (Ancona, 1 October 1943) is a former Italian middle distance runner.	Gianni Del Buono	Ancona
place of birth	Oleksandr Kasyan (Ukrainian: Олександр Юрійович Касьян; born 27 January 1989 in Bezimenne, Donetsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian professional footballer.	Oleksandr Kasyan	Bezimenne
place of birth	Lucretia Jans, or Lucretia van der Miles (Amsterdam 1602 -- fl. 1641), was a survivor of the events surrounding the sinking of the Batavia in 1629.	Lucretia Jans	Amsterdam
place of birth	Sir Robert Le Masurier (December 29, 1913 -- July 30, 1996) was Bailiff of Jersey from 1962 to 1974.	Robert Le Masurier	Jersey
place of birth	Jennifer Gatti (born October 4, 1968 in Manhattan, New York) is an American actress who has taken on several television roles.	Jennifer Gatti	Manhattan
place of birth	Tekin Sazlog (born 21 March 1976 in Berlin, Germany) is a former professional Turkish footballer.	Tekin Sazlog	Berlin
place of birth	László Baán (born 18 July 1961 in Budapest) is a Hungarian economist and museum curator.	László Baán	Budapest
place of birth	Zacharias Chaliabalias (Greek: Ζαχαρίας Χαλιαμπάλιας; born 1946 in Thessaloniki) is a former Greek international footballer that spend his entire career with Iraklis playing as a centre-back.	Zacharias Chaliabalias	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Major General William A. Cugno was born April 4, 1948, in Waterbury, CT.	William A. Cugno	Waterbury
place of birth	Piet Zwart was a Dutch designer born on May 28, 1885 in Zaandijk, North Holland.	Piet Zwart	Zaandijk
place of birth	Luís Alonso Pérez, also known as Lula (Santos, March 1, 1922 -- June 15, 1972) was a Brazilian football manager who managed Santos from 1954 to 1966.	Luís Alonso Pérez	Santos
place of birth	Max Bunker, pseudonym of Luciano Secchi ( Milan, 24 August 1939), is an Italian comic book writer, best known as author of Alan Ford in 1969.	Max Bunker	Milan
place of birth	He was born at Perth where his father, Patrick Adamson, a burgess became Dean of Merchant Guildry.	Patrick Adamson	Perth
place of birth	Born in Berlin, Heinz Waaske started his career as a precision mechanic apprentice at Telefunken in Sickingenstraße in Berlin, where he studied from 1939 to 1942.	Heinz Waaske	Berlin
place of birth	Arif Örgüç, also known as Mehmet Arif Örgüç, Hacı Arif Örgüç (1876 in Constantinople (Istanbul) -- April 1940 in Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army.	Arif Örgüç	Istanbul
place of birth	James Franck was born in Hamburg, Germany, on 26 August 1882, the second child and first son of Jacob Franck, a banker, and his wife Rebecca née Nachum Drucker.	James Franck	Hamburg
place of birth	Owen Sheers was born in Suva, Fiji, in 1974 and brought up in Abergavenny, South Wales.	Owen Sheers	Suva
place of birth	Tania Vicenzino (born 1 April 1986 in Palmanova) is an Italian long jumper	Tania Vicenzino	Palmanova
place of birth	Diego Farias da Silva (born 10 May 1990 in Sorocaba) is a Brazilian professional football player who plays for Cagliari Calcio in Serie B.	Diego Farias	Sorocaba
place of birth	Willi Ankermüller (18 March 1901, Bad Neustadt an der Saale, Lower Franconia - 7 July 1986) was a German politician and jurist.	Willi Ankermüller	Bad Neustadt an der Saale
place of birth	Lyn Paul (born Lynda Susan Belcher, 16 February 1949, Wythenshawe, Manchester, England) is an English pop singer and actress.	Lyn Paul	Wythenshawe
place of birth	David de Vries was born in Wellington, New Zealand, in 1961, growing up in the inner suburb of Ngaio, before emigrating to Melbourne at an early age with his parents, where he lived until he was eighteen.	David de Vries	Wellington
place of birth	Lutz Dombrowski (born 25 June 1959 in Zwickau) is a former German track and field athlete and Olympic champion.	Lutz Dombrowski	Zwickau
place of birth	Norma Kamali (born June 27, 1945 in New York City) is an American fashion designer based in New York City of Lebanese and Basque Spanish descent.	Norma Kamali	New York City
place of birth	Kylene Barker (born November 1955) is an American pageant winner from Galax, Virginia who was Miss Virginia 1978 and Miss America 1979.	Kylene Barker	Galax
place of birth	Stuart Kettlewell (born 4 June 1984 in Glasgow), is a Scottish football player, currently playing for Scottish Highland Football League club Brora Rangers.	Stuart Kettlewell	Glasgow
place of birth	Asim Shahmalak was born in Karachi, Pakistan, the son of Mr Hatimali Shahmalak and Mrs Mehfooza Shahmalak, and educated at St Bona Venture's High School, Sindh, before studying for his medical degree (MBBS) graduating from the Sindh Medical College, University of Karachi, Pakistan, in 1988.	Asim Shahmalak	Karachi
place of birth	Darko Dražić (born 17 January 1963 in Novi Travnik) is a retired Bosnian Croat footballer who played for Solin, Hajduk Split, Fortuna Düsseldorf, Šibenik and Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.	Darko Dražić	Novi Travnik
place of birth	Markus Schuler (born 1 August 1977 in Löffingen) is a German former footballer who usually played as left back.	Markus Schuler	Löffingen
place of birth	Lisa Fuson (born October 25, 1963 in Los Angeles) is a voice actress who has played several roles in Star Wars video games.	Lisa Fuson	Los Angeles
place of birth	Clinton Mills is the CEO and Co-Founder of Hitcents, a technology-based creative agency in Bowling Green, Kentucky specializing in web design, application development and mobile games.	Clinton Mills	Bowling Green
place of birth	Chief Master Sergeant Wayne Fisk was born in Waldport, Oregon, on April 6, 1945, and raised on the Oregon Coast.	Wayne Fisk	Waldport, Oregon
place of birth	Ali Divandari (Persian: علی دیواندری‎‎ alī divāndarī Persian pronunciation: (æliː diːvɒːndæriː); Born 1957 in Sabzevar) is an Iranian Cartoonist, Painter, Graphic Designer, Sculptor and Journalist.	Ali Divandari	Sabzevar
place of birth	Jovo Pavlović (born 16 August 1989) in Melbourne is an Australian-Serbian football player who is currently playing for Stirling Lions.	Jovo Pavlović	Melbourne
place of birth	Mustapha Khaznadar was born of Greek ancestry as Georgios Kalkias Stravelakis on the island of Chios in 1817.	Mustapha Khaznadar	Chios
place of birth	Chris Cleary (born August 2, 1979 in Washington, D.C.) is a retired American soccer player whose professional career had been played entirely in Europe.	Chris Cleary	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	J. R. Monterose (January 19, 1927 -- September 16, 1993), born Frank Anthony Peter Vincent Monterose, Jr. in Detroit, Michigan, was an American jazz tenor (and occasional soprano) saxophonist.	J. R. Monterose	Detroit
place of birth	Sophiane Baghdad (born 10 September 1980 in Monaco) is a Monegasque-born Algerian retired football player, who last played for R. Union Saint-Gilloise in Belgium.	Sophiane Baghdad	Monaco
place of birth	Pierre Cao (born 22 December 1937 in Dudelange) is a Luxembourgish composer and conductor.	Pierre Cao	Dudelange
place of birth	Marcel Bürge (born 28 March 1972 in Arbon) is a Swiss rifle shooter.	Marcel Bürge	Arbon
place of birth	A native of the New Hampshire town of Plymouth, Nathaniel Peabody Rogers was the fifth child of Harvard-educated physician and poet, John Rogers (March 27, 1755 -- March 8, 1814), and his wife, Betsy Mulliken.	Nathaniel Peabody Rogers	Plymouth
place of birth	Patrice Lair (born 16 June 1961 in Saint-Brieuc) is a French football coach, who last managed Olympique Lyonnais women's team.	Patrice Lair	Saint-Brieuc
place of birth	Born in Ariranha, São Paulo, Réver started his career at Paulista, a Série B football club based in Jundiaí, and was promoted to the first team in 2004.	Réver	Ariranha
place of birth	Thomas Friedli studied in Bern, Lausanne and Paris (with Jacques Lancelot) before winning 1st Prize and ``Prix Ernest Ansermet'' at the Geneva International Music Competition in 1972 (he would be Jury President of the same competition in 2007).	Thomas Friedli	Bern
place of birth	Hélène Jégado was born on a small farm in Plouhinec (Morbihan), near Lorient in Brittany.	Hélène Jégado	Plouhinec
place of birth	Christian Escoudé (born 1947 in Angoulême, Charente) is a French jazz guitarist.	Christian Escoudé	Angoulême
place of birth	Friedrich Josef Rauch was born in Munich in 1906, the son of s senior police inspector.	Friedrich Josef Rauch	Munich
place of birth	Abu Bakr Shibli was born in Baghdad or Samarra, although his family was originally from Khorasan in Persia.	Abu Bakr Shibli	Baghdad
place of birth	Peep Lassmann (born 19 March 1948 in Tartu) is an Estonian pianist trained at the Moscow Conservatory under Emil Gilels who has served as the rector of the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre since 1992.	Peep Lassmann	Tartu
place of birth	Stefano Colantuono (born 23 October 1962 in Rome) is an Italian football manager, head coach of Udinese.	Stefano Colantuono	Rome
place of birth	Lahcen Abrami (Arabic: لحسن أبرامي‎; born 31 December 1969 in Casablanca) is a retired Moroccan footballer.	Lahcen Abrami	Casablanca
place of birth	Fabio Sacchi (born May 23, 1974 in Milan) is a retired Italian professional road bicycle racer who last raced for professional continental team Preti Mangimi.	Fabio Sacchi	Milan
place of birth	Tamaz Mchedlidze began rugby in Tbilisi with the club 'Universiteti'.	Tamaz Mchedlidze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Claudio Martínez Mehner (born in Bremen, 1970) is a Spanish piano soloist and pedagogue.	Claudio Martínez Mehner	Bremen
place of birth	Ursula Eason was born on 19 August 1910 in Streatham, London, the fifth of six children born to auctioneer and surveyor Edward Eason and his wife Aisling, also known as Nancy, née Bruton.	Ursula Eason	Streatham
place of birth	Jameyel Johnson, (born September 3, 1984) better known by his stage name J. Dash, is an American rapper, record producer and songwriter, born in Jacksonville, Florida.	J. Dash	Jacksonville
place of birth	Irwin Steingut was born on October 19, 1893 (not 1891, as in Schlegel), on Manhattan's Lower East Side, the first of two sons to Simon and Lena Steingut.	Irwin Steingut	Lower East Side
place of birth	Scott Whyte (born January 8, 1978, in Manhattan Beach, California) is an American actor who is best known for his role on City Guys where he portrayed Chris, one of the main characters.	Scott Whyte	Manhattan Beach
place of birth	Born in Yerevan, Armenia, Lala Mnatsakanyan is the third and youngest daughter in the family.	Lala Mnatsakanyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Paweł Wawrzecki (born February 12, 1950 in Warsaw) is a Polish actor; son of Stanisław Wawrzecki.	Paweł Wawrzecki	Warsaw
place of birth	Chris Bahr (born February 3, 1953 in State College, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football and soccer player.	Chris Bahr	State College
place of birth	Vladimir Lisin (born 7 May 1956 in Ivanovo) is a Russian steel tycoon.	Vladimir Lisin	Ivanovo
place of birth	Karl Korsch was born in the small rural village of Tostedt (near Hamburg) to Carl August Korsch and his wife Therese on August 15, 1886.	Karl Korsch	Tostedt
place of birth	Lola Ridge, born Rose Emily Ridge (12 December 1873 Dublin -- 19 May 1941 Brooklyn) was an Irish-American anarchist poet and an influential editor of avant-garde, feminist, and Marxist publications.	Lola Ridge	Dublin
place of birth	Guilherme Andrade da Silva, commonly known as Guilherme Andrade, (born 31 January 1989 in Montes Claros) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Ceará on loan from Corinthians.	Guilherme Andrade	Montes Claros
place of birth	Valdir Azevedo or Waldir Azevedo (January 23, 1923, Rio de Janeiro - September 21, 1980, São Paulo) was a choro conductor and performer, considered to be the most successful musician of this genre.	Valdir Azevedo	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Suzanne von Borsody (German: (ˈboʁʒodi); born September 23, 1957 in Munich) is a German actress.	Suzanne von Borsody	Munich
place of birth	Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary (Arabic: عبد المجيد عبد الباري‎; born 18 July 1990) is a British-Egyptian amateur rapper from West London, also known as Lyricist Jinn and L Jinny, and a suspected Islamist militant.	Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary	London
place of birth	Henriette Caillaux was born Henriette Raynouard, at Rueil-Malmaison on 5 December 1874.	Henriette Caillaux	Rueil-Malmaison
place of birth	Franz Sales Meyer was born on 9 December 1849 in Kenzingen, Breisgau area.	Franz Sales Meyer	Kenzingen
place of birth	Irina Lashko (Russian: Ирина Лашко; born 25 January 1973 in Samara) is a Russian diver, who after her marriage with an Australian became known as Irina Furler.	Irina Lashko	Samara
place of birth	Mychal Judge was born Robert Emmett Judge on May 11, 1933 in Brooklyn, New York, the son of immigrants from County Leitrim, Ireland, and the firstborn of a pair of fraternal twins.	Mychal Judge	Brooklyn
place of birth	Sidney Magal, artistic name of Sidney Magalhães (Rio de Janeiro, 19 June 1953), is a Brazilian singer, dancer and actor.	Sidney Magal	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Daniel Rahimi was born in Umeå, Sweden to an Iranian father and a Swedish mother.	Daniel Rahimi	Umeå
place of birth	Alfred Werner Maurer (*1945 in Saarbrücken ) is an international German architect, urban planner, architectural historian, archaeologists and art historian	Alfred Werner Maurer	Saarbrücken
place of birth	Espen Berntsen (born 12 May 1967) is a Norwegian football referee from Vang outside the Norwegian municipality of Hamar.	Espen Berntsen	Vang
place of birth	Marshall D. Moran was born in Chicago on May 29, 1906 and died April 14, 1992 in Delhi, India.	Marshall D. Moran	Chicago
place of birth	Miguel Samuel Spiro was a naval commander of the Argentine navy born in Hydra Island, Greece.	Samuel Spiro	Hydra
place of birth	Sami Michael was the firstborn of a large, secular, Jewish family in Baghdad.	Sami Michael	Baghdad
place of birth	Gianni Minà (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒanni miˈna); Turin, 17 May 1938) is an Italian journalist, writer and television host.	Gianni Minà	Turin
place of birth	William James Topley was born in 1845 in Montreal, and raised in Aylmer, a town just outside Ottawa in modern-day Quebec.	William James Topley	Montreal
place of birth	Gia Getsadze (Georgian: გია გეწაძე) was born 21 December 1968 in Samtredia, Georgia) is the Deputy Minister of Justice of Ukraine.	Gia Getsadze	Samtredia
place of birth	Hayden Knight (born March 15, 1957 in Port of Spain, Trinidad) is a retired Trinidad-American soccer defender and current high school soccer coach.	Hayden Knight	Port of Spain
place of birth	Jeffree Star (born Jeffrey Lynn Steininger on November 15, 1985) is an American singer-songwriter, make-up artist, fashion designer and model from Orange County, California.	Jeffree Star	Orange County
place of birth	Elisa Torrini (born Rome, 10 April 1989) is an Italian model.	Elisa Torrini	Rome
place of birth	He was born and raised in New Brunswick, New Jersey to Franke Previte, Sr., an opera singer.	Franke Previte	New Brunswick
place of birth	Victorino Fernandes (born February 3, 1989 in Goa) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for Sporting Goa in the I-League as a striker or winger.	Victorino Fernandes	Goa
place of birth	Killian Brennan (born 31 January 1984 in Drogheda) is an Irish football player currently playing for Airtricity League club Shamrock Rovers.	Killian Brennan	Drogheda
place of birth	Lev Vygotsky was born in the town of Orsha, in the Russian Empire (present-day Belarus) into a non-religious middle class Russian Jewish family.	Lev Vygotsky	Orsha
place of birth	Artsyom Buloychyk (Belarusian: Арцём Булойчык; Russian: Артём Булойчик; born 16 June 1992 in Babruysk) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Dnepr Mogilev.	Artsyom Buloychyk	Babruysk
place of birth	Aleksandrs Koļinko was born in Riga and started his career in 1994, playing for Skonto Riga reserve team Interskonto, which was renamed Skonto-Metāls in 1995.	Aleksandrs Koļinko	Riga
place of birth	Linal Haft (born 23 March 1945 in Leeds) is an English actor, best known for playing controlling or manipulative characters in both film and television, most notably his role as businessman Harry Gold in the popular BBC soap opera EastEnders from 2010 to 2011.	Linal Haft	Leeds
place of birth	Jovica Stokić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јовица ``Јоцо'' Стокић; born April 20, 1987 in Gradačac) is a Bosnian Serb professional footballer playing with Radnik Bijeljina in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Jovica Stokić	Gradačac
place of birth	Armendáriz was born in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico to Pedro Armendáriz García-Conde (Mexican) and Adela Hastings (American).	Pedro Armendáriz	Mexico City
place of birth	Yuriy Tselykh (Ukrainian: Юрій Миколайович Целих; born 18 April 1979 in Metalist, Luhansk Oblast) is a Ukrainian professional footballer.	Yuriy Tselykh	Luhansk
place of birth	Elsa Osorio was born in the Argentine capital of Buenos Aires in 1952.	Elsa Osorio	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Bobbi Baker (born 1981 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American actress that is best known for her role as Kiki on the Tyler Perry sitcom House of Payne.	Bobbi Baker	Raleigh
place of birth	Mindy Aloff (born December 1947 Philadelphia) is an American editor, journalist, essayist, and dance critic.	Mindy Aloff	Philadelphia
place of birth	Jean-Marc Deshouillers (born on September 12, 1946 in Paris) is a French mathematician, specializing in analytic number theory.	Jean-Marc Deshouillers	Paris
place of birth	Alan C. Newell (born 5 November 1941 in Dublin) is an Irish/American mathematician.	Alan C. Newell	Dublin
place of birth	Nino Ferrer was born on 18 August 1934 in Genoa, Italy, but lived the first years of his life in New Caledonia, where his father, an engineer, was working.	Nino Ferrer	Genoa
place of birth	Leo Aberer (born in Vienna on March 27, 1978), also ``Leo'' or ``Leeone'', is an Austrian pop singer.	Leo Aberer	Vienna
place of birth	Kai Reus (born March 11, 1985 in Niedorp (North Holland)), is a Dutch professional road bicycle racer who rides for Cyclingteam de Rijke.	Kai Reus	Niedorp
place of birth	Ray Burse, Jr. (born October 2, 1984 in Prospect, Kentucky) is an American soccer player.	Ray Burse	Prospect, Kentucky
place of birth	Alan Kardec de Souza Pereira Júnior (born January 12, 1989 in Barra Mansa), known as Alan Kardec, is a Brazilian professional football player who plays for São Paulo FC as a striker.	Alan Kardec	Barra Mansa
place of birth	Eugène Galien-Laloue (1854--1941) was a French artist of French-Italian parents and was born in Paris on December 11, 1854.	Eugène Galien-Laloue	Paris
place of birth	Leonid Pasternak was born in Odessa to an Orthodox Jewish family on 4 April 1862.	Leonid Pasternak	Odessa
place of birth	Hugh Marsh (born June 5, 1955 in Montreal, Quebec) is a violinist from Toronto, known for his electric violin sound.	Hugh Marsh	Montreal
place of birth	Dario Hübner (born 28 April 1967 in Muggia, Province of Trieste), nicknamed Bisonte (Bison), is a retired Italian football (soccer) player, as a striker.	Dario Hübner	Muggia
place of birth	Ilie Dumitrescu (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈli.e dumiˈtresku); born 6 January 1969 in Bucharest) is a Romanian former football player and coach, who was last manager of Steaua Bucureşti.	Ilie Dumitrescu	Bucharest
place of birth	Shaun Maher (born 20 June 1978 in Finglas, Dublin) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defender.	Shaun Maher	Dublin
place of birth	Alexander Belyaev was born in Smolensk in the family of an Orthodox priest.	Alexander Belyaev	Smolensk
place of birth	Parimarjan Negi won the 48th National Premier Chess Championship on December 22, 2010 in New Delhi.	Parimarjan Negi	New Delhi
place of birth	Alfred Riedl (born 2 November 1949 in Vienna) is an Austrian football manager and a former striker.	Alfred Riedl	Vienna
place of birth	Víctor Bernárdez began his career in La Ceiba with his hometown club Vida.	Víctor Bernárdez	La Ceiba
place of birth	Chan Siu Yuen (Chinese: 陳韶遠; Jyutping: can4 siu4 jyun5, born 2 November 1987 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Citizen.	Chan Siu Yuen	Hong Kong
place of birth	Franz Wembacher (born 15 November 1958 in Bischofswiesen, Bavaria) was a West German luger who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Franz Wembacher	Bischofswiesen
place of birth	Ronald Cheng Chung-kei is a Hong Kong cantopop singer and actor.	Ronald Cheng	Hong Kong
place of birth	Otakar Borůvka (10 May 1899 in Uherský Ostroh -- 22 July 1995 in Brno) was a Czech mathematician best known today for his work in graph theory, long before this was an established mathematical discipline.	Otakar Borůvka	Uherský Ostroh
place of birth	Herbert Harold Read FRS, FRSE, FGS, (born Whitstable 17 December 1889, died 29 March 1970) was a British geologist and Professor of Geology at Imperial College.	Herbert Harold Read	Whitstable
place of birth	Lauri Pyykönen (born April 20, 1978 in Pirkkala) is a Finnish cross country skier who competed from 1998 to 2008.	Lauri Pyykönen	Pirkkala
place of birth	Indira Radić was born as Indira Subotić to Bosnian Serb parents Živko Subotić and Rosa (née Radić) in the village of Dragalovci near the Bosnian town of Doboj.	Indira Radić	Doboj
place of birth	Johan Hallström, born Johan Nils Hallström, (2 June 1976 in Oscars församling, Stockholm), is a Swedish actor, who studied at Teaterhögskolan i Stockholm.	Johan Hallström	Stockholm
place of birth	Eduard Khrennikov (born May 19, 1973, in Usolye-Sibirskoye) is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion, and three times winner of the overall World cup.	Eduard Khrennikov	Usolye-Sibirskoye
place of birth	Rasmus Falk started his career at Middelfart Gymnastik & Boldklub and moved to Odense Boldklub with Christian Eriksen in 2005.	Rasmus Falk	Middelfart
place of birth	Janeene Vickers (born October 3, 1968 in Torrance, California) is an American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metre hurdles.	Janeene Vickers	Torrance
place of birth	Antonio Gasalla was born in Ramos Mejía, a western suburb of Buenos Aires, in 1941.	Antonio Gasalla	Ramos Mejía
place of birth	Mark Vishik (also Marko Vishik, Russian: Марк(o) Иосифович Вишик, October 19, 1921, Lviv -- June 23, 2012) was a mathematician from Lwów / Lemberg / Lvov / Lviv, who worked in the field of Partial Differential Equations.	Mark Vishik	Lviv
place of birth	Driss Basri (Arabic: إدريس البصري‎ Idrīs al-Baṣrīy, November 8, 1938 in Settat -- August 27, 2007) was a Moroccan politician who served as Interior Minister from 1979 to 1999.	Driss Basri	Settat
place of birth	Ralph Bacerra (1938, Garden Grove, California - June 10, 2008) was a ceramic artist and career educator.	Ralph Bacerra	Garden Grove
place of birth	Viggo Sundmoen (born 20 April 1954) is a Norwegian former footballer from Os, Hedmark, who played for Rosenborg (1978--81) and HamKam (1982--85).	Viggo Sundmoen	Os
place of birth	Born on 22 April 1915, at Tezpur, Hem Barua obtained his M.A. degree from Calcutta University in 1938 and joined the J.B. College, Jorhat, in 1941 as lecturer in Assamese and English.	Hem Barua	Tezpur
place of birth	Michael Malone is an American author and television writer, born in Durham, North Carolina.	Michael Malone	Durham
place of birth	Herman Matthews (born December 28, 1960 in Houston, Texas) is an American drummer and composer.	Herman Matthews	Houston
place of birth	Richard E. Spear (born 1940 in Michigan City, Indiana) is an American art historian and professor who specializes in Italian Baroque painting.	Richard E. Spear	Michigan City
place of birth	Patricia Chauvet (born May 11, 1967 in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges, Val-de-Marne) is a retired French alpine skier.	Patricia Chauvet	Villeneuve-Saint-Georges
place of birth	Jo Walton (born December 1, 1964 in Aberdare) is a Welsh-Canadian fantasy and science fiction writer and poet.	Jo Walton	Aberdare
place of birth	Tina Brown was born in Maidenhead, England, and she and her elder brother, Christopher Hambley Brown (who became a movie producer) grew up in Little Marlow, in Buckinghamshire, a Thames village in the countryside west of London.	Tina Brown	Maidenhead
place of birth	Steven May was born in Darwin into a family of indigenous descent.	Steven May	Darwin
place of birth	Jorge Daniel Espinosa (born 23 March 1977) is a Swedish film director from Trångsund, Stockholm of Chilean origin.	Daniel Espinosa	Trångsund
place of birth	Esmahan Aykol was born in Edirne in 1970, in an emigrant family of mixed origins.	Esmahan Aykol	Edirne
place of birth	Cristoforo Guidalotti Ciocchi del Monte was born in Arezzo in 1484, the son of Cecco di Cristofano Guidalotti, a patrician of Perugia, and Margherita Ciocchi del Monte.	Cristoforo Guidalotti Ciocchi del Monte	Arezzo
place of birth	Leonardo Fortunato dos Santos or simply Léo Fortunato, (born March 14, 1983 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian centre back who is equally adept as a defensive midfielder, currently playing for Pieta Hotspurs of the Maltese Premier League.	Léo Fortunato	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Born in Newton Abbot, Devon, to Captain Joseph Sparkhall Rundle, Royal Navy and his wife Renira Cathrine (née Leslie, who was daughter of Commander W. W. Leslie of the Royal Navy), Leslie Rundle was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1876.	Leslie Rundle	Newton Abbot
place of birth	Cäsar Rüstow (June 18, 1826, Brandenburg an der Havel -- July 4, 1866) was a Prussian soldier and military writer.	Cäsar Rüstow	Brandenburg
place of birth	Anselm Jappe (born 3 May 1962, Bonn) is a professor of philosophy, teaching in Italy.	Anselm Jappe	Bonn
place of birth	Eric Marienthal was born on December 13, 1957 in Sacramento, California to Robert Marienthal, an insurance salesman, but moved to San Mateo when he was two years old.	Eric Marienthal	Sacramento
place of birth	Angelos Perikleous (born January 5, 1990 in Limassol) is a Cypriot football player who currently plays for AEL Limassol Futsal team.	Angelos Perikleous	Limassol
place of birth	Richard Marks (born November 10, 1943 in New York City) is an American film editor with more than 30 editing credits for feature and television films dating from 1972.	Richard Marks	New York City
place of birth	Vasco Rossi was born in Zocca, in the province of Modena (Emilia-Romagna).	Vasco Rossi	Zocca
place of birth	Felipe Pascucci (Genoa, 1907 -- 18 December 1966) was an Italian football manager who coached Argentina in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Felipe Pascucci	Genoa
place of birth	Basti Vaman Shenoy born on 6 November 1934 in Bantwal a small trading town on the banks of River Netravathi in Dakshina Kannada District of Karnataka.	Basti Vaman Shenoy	Bantwal
place of birth	David Aikman (born 1944, Surrey, England), is a best-selling author, journalist, and foreign policy consultant.	David Aikman	Surrey
place of birth	Joan Embery (born in San Diego, California) is an animal and environmental advocate.	Joan Embery	San Diego
place of birth	Edmund Collein was born during the fast moving first decade of the twentieth century in Bad Kreuznach, a spa town in Prussia's western province.	Edmund Collein	Bad Kreuznach
place of birth	Hans Konrad Biesalski (* 14 April 1949 in Marburg) is a German physician and professor of biological chemistry and nutritional medicine at the University of Hohenheim.	Hans Konrad Biesalski	Marburg
place of birth	William Lindley (7 September 1808 in London -- 22 May 1900 in Blackheath, London), was an English engineer who together with his sons designed water and sewerage systems for over 30 cities across Europe.	William Lindley	London
place of birth	Monalisa Chinda was born in Port Harcourt, Rivers State to an Ikwerre father and an Igbo mother.	Monalisa Chinda	Port Harcourt
place of birth	Peter Aloys Gratz (17 August 1769, Oy-Mittelberg -- 1 November 1849) was a German schoolmaster and widely published Biblical scholar, who contributed to debates within Catholicism in the early nineteenth Century.	Peter Aloys Gratz	Oy-Mittelberg
place of birth	Richard Wernick (born January 16, 1934) in Boston, Massachusetts is an American composer.	Richard Wernick	Boston
place of birth	Joanna Bartel (born 29 September 1952 in Świętochłowice) - Polish actress, cabaret artist, singer and announcer.	Joanna Bartel	Świętochłowice
place of birth	Jonathan Weiner (born 1953 in New York) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning writer of non-fiction books on his biology observations, in particular evolution in the Galápagos Islands, genetics, and the environment.	Jonathan Weiner	New York
place of birth	Tom Fontana (born September 12, 1951 in Buffalo, New York) is an American writer and producer.	Tom Fontana	Buffalo
place of birth	Bobby Broom (born January 18, 1961), birthname Robert Broom, Jr., is an American jazz guitarist, composer and music educator born and raised in New York City who relocated to Chicago, which has been his home town since 1984.	Bobby Broom	New York City
place of birth	Vasyl Stolyar (Ukrainian: Василь Столяр) (born April 11, 1962 in Lutsk) is a Ukrainian businessman and chairman of FC Volyn Lutsk.	Vasyl Stolyar	Lutsk
place of birth	André Brassard (born 28 August 1946 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian stage director, filmmaker and actor, best known for staging the vast majority of Michel Tremblay's plays.	André Brassard	Montreal
place of birth	Valesca Reis Santos, better known as Valesca Popozuda (born October 6, 1978 in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian musician, dancer and former reality show contestant.	Valesca Popozuda	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Mario Laserna Pinzón (August 21, 1923 -- July 16, 2013) was a Colombian educator and politician born in Paris of Colombian parents.	Mario Laserna Pinzón	Paris
place of birth	Sir Thomas Dagworth (1276 in Bradwell Juxta Coggeshall in Essex -- 1352) was an English knight and soldier, who led English armies in Brittany during the Hundred Years' War.	Thomas Dagworth	Essex
place of birth	Emil Carlsen was born and raised in the Danish capital of Copenhagen.	Emil Carlsen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Franz Anton (born 23 October 1989 in Lutherstadt Wittenberg) is a German slalom canoeist who has competed since the mid-2000s.	Franz Anton	Lutherstadt Wittenberg
place of birth	Renato Usatîi (4 November 1978, Fălești) is a Moldovan businessman and politician, since 13 April 2014 the chairman of Our Party, a left-wing populist opposition party.	Renato Usatîi	Fălești
place of birth	Louis Fabry was a French astronomer who was born in Marseille, April 20, 1862, and died in Les Lecques, January 26, 1939.	Louis Fabry	Marseille
place of birth	Brooke Ballentyne (born July 13, 1982 in Charlotte, North Carolina) is a former (from around 2002-07) pornographic actress.	Brooke Ballentyne	Charlotte
place of birth	Amadeu Altafaj i Tardio (Barcelona, April 27, 1968) is a journalist and European diplomatic civil servant.	Amadeu Altafaj	Barcelona
place of birth	Charles Marcus Mander was the only son of Charles Arthur Mander by Monica Neame, of Kent, born at Kilsall Hall, Tong, Shropshire.	Charles Marcus Mander	Shropshire
place of birth	Floyd Bedbury (July 24, 1937 -- March 25, 2011) was an American speed skater, born in Saint Paul, Minnesota.	Floyd Bedbury	Saint Paul
place of birth	Fang Xianjue (Traditional Chinese: 方先覺 ; Simplified Chinese:方先觉) was born in a small Jiangsu (now in Suzhou, Anhui) village gentry family in 1903.	Fang Xianjue	Jiangsu
place of birth	Edward Brickell White was born on January 29, 1806 on the Chapel Hill Plantation of St. John's Berkeley Parish, South Carolina.	Edward Brickell White	South Carolina
place of birth	Dan Savoie (born 1968 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a Canadian music journalist, award-winning marketing professional, photographer and actor.	Dan Savoie	Scarborough
place of birth	Born in Helsinki, Elastinen began taking guitar lessons when he was seven years old.	Elastinen	Helsinki
place of birth	Stéphane Crête (September 19, 1967) is a Canadian actor and comedian from Quebec.	Stéphane Crête	Quebec
place of birth	Giuseppe Veneziano (born February 22, 1971 in Mazzarino, Caltanissetta, Sicily) is an Italian painter and one of the leading figures of Italian art groups ``New Pop'' and ``Italian Newborn''.	Giuseppe Veneziano	Mazzarino
place of birth	Rüdiger Abramczik (born 18 February 1956 in Gelsenkirchen-Erle) is a former German football player and coach, best known for his ability to cross the ball (``Flankengott'').	Rüdiger Abramczik	Gelsenkirchen
place of birth	Kartik Shetty is a Mumbai-based Indian actor and director.	Kartik Shetty	Mumbai
place of birth	Cedar Sigo (born February 2, 1978 in Washington State) is a writer of art, literature and film.	Cedar Sigo	Washington
place of birth	Born in Lauro de Freitas, Bahia, Geferson started his career at Vitória's youth setup in 2002, aged eight.	Geferson	Lauro de Freitas
place of birth	Subhav Sinha (born 14 January 1988, in Patna, Bihar) is an innovator who has developed a personal mobility battery operated vehicle called Personalised Mover - Mitra which was displayed at the 10th Auto Expo held at Pragati Maidan in New Delhi, INDIA.	Subhav Sinha	Patna
place of birth	Leigh Kennedy (born June 4, 1951 in Denver, Colorado) is an American science fiction writer who has lived in the United Kingdom since 1985.	Leigh Kennedy	Denver
place of birth	Mark Clarke (born 25 July 1950 in Liverpool) is an English musician, bass player and singer.	Mark Clarke	Liverpool
place of birth	Dilip Mehta (born in 1952 in New Delhi) is a photojournalist and director.	Dilip Mehta	New Delhi
place of birth	Max Buskohl (born 18 November 1988 in Berlin, Germany) was a contestant who finished 4th in season 4 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar.	Max Buskohl	Germany
place of birth	Milan Aćimović was born on 31 May 1898 in Pinosava, in the Belgrade municipality of Voždovac.	Milan Aćimović	Pinosava
place of birth	Henri Vähäkainu (born March 9, 1987), better known by his stage name Gee, formerly Pikku G, is a Finnish rapper from Nurmijärvi.	Pikku G	Nurmijärvi
place of birth	Ghita Nørby (born 11 January 1935 in Copenhagen) is a popular Danish actress with 117 film credits to her name from 1956--2005, making her one of the most active Danish actresses ever.	Ghita Nørby	Copenhagen
place of birth	Parvin E'tesami was born in 1907 in Tabriz to Mirza Yusuf Etesami Ashtiani (E'tesam-al-Molk), who in turn was the son of Mirza Ebrahim Khan Mostawfi Etesam-al-Molk.	Parvin E'tesami	Tabriz
place of birth	Carlton Freeman is a United States Virgin Islands professional soccer coach.	Carlton Freeman	United States Virgin Islands
place of birth	Carver was born in Clatskanie, Oregon, a mill town on the Columbia River, and grew up in Yakima, Washington, the son of Ella Beatrice (Casey) and Clevie Raymond Carver.	Raymond Carver	Clatskanie
place of birth	In 2005, a statue of Čkalja was placed in front of his birth house in Kruševac.	Čkalja	Kruševac
place of birth	Stella Maessen (born 6 August 1953 in Zandvoort, North Holland) is a Dutch singer, best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1970, 1977 and 1982	Stella Maessen	Zandvoort
place of birth	Wade Dekker is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a striker for A-League team Melbourne City FC.	Wade Dekker	Melbourne
place of birth	Pat Badger (born Patrick John Badger, July 22, 1967, Boston, Massachusetts) is the bassist in the band Extreme.	Pat Badger	Boston
place of birth	Ben Coakwell (born June 25, 1987 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian Olympic bobsledder.	Ben Coakwell	Regina
place of birth	Sofie van den Enk (born 23 August 1980 born in Heemskerk) is a Dutch television presenter who currently works for the KRO.	Sofie van den Enk	Heemskerk
place of birth	Robert Henri was born Robert Henry Cozad in Cincinnati, Ohio to Theresa Gatewood Cozad and John Jackson Cozad, a gambler and real estate developer.	Robert Henri	Cincinnati
place of birth	Stephen Amidon (born 1959, in Chicago) is an American author and critic.	Stephen Amidon	Chicago
place of birth	Hard Kaur was born Taran Kaur Dhillon in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, where her mother ran a small beauty parlour in the house.	Hard Kaur	Kanpur
place of birth	Manuel Bölstler (born 26 April 1983 in Tübingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a German professional footballer who currently plays for Wuppertaler SV as a playing assistant and sporting director.	Manuel Bölstler	Tübingen
place of birth	Ralf Husmann (born 24 September 1964 in Dortmund) is a German TV producer, screenwriter and author.	Ralf Husmann	Dortmund
place of birth	She and Ned Lyons were also prominent underworld figures in New York City during the post-American Civil War era as associates of Marm Mandelbaum, Sophie Lyons being a member of Mandelbaum's ``inner circle'' during the 1860s and 1870s.	Sophie Lyons	New York City
place of birth	Georges Gauthier (9 October 1871 -- 31 August 1940) was a French Canadian Archbishop of Montreal and the first rector of the Université de Montréal.	Georges Gauthier	Montreal
place of birth	Craig Mawson (born 16 May 1979 in Keighley, West Yorkshire) is an English former professional footballer who works as a goalkeeping coach for Burnley.	Craig Mawson	Keighley
place of birth	William Harold Dudley (1890-1949) was a painter, born in Bilston, Staffordshire in the Midlands.	William Harold Dudley	Bilston
place of birth	Lena Göldi (born October 1, 1979 in Safnern, Bern) is a retired Swiss judoka who competed in the women's lightweight category.	Lena Göldi	Safnern
place of birth	Roman Zentsov (Russian: Роман Зенцов, pronounced (rɐˈman zʲɪnˈʐəf)) (born September 10, 1973 in Bryansk) is a retired Russian heavyweight mixed martial arts fighter who has competed in the PRIDE Fighting Championships, a major MMA organization based in Japan, and BodogFIGHT.	Roman Zentsov	Bryansk
place of birth	Born in Oslo, Jonas Gahr Støre is the son of ship broker Ulf Jonas Støre (1925-) and librarian Unni Gahr (1931-).	Jonas Gahr Støre	Oslo
place of birth	Desiderio Scaglia (1567 -- 21 August 1639), also known as the Cardinal of Cremona, was an Italian cardinal and bishop.	Desiderio Scaglia	Cremona
place of birth	Johann Theodor Katerkamp (January 17, 1764 -- June 9, 1834) was a German Catholic church historian born in Ochtrup.	Johann Theodor Katerkamp	Ochtrup
place of birth	Pius Langa was born on 25 March 1939 in Bushbuckridge which is in the Transvaal Province.	Pius Langa	Bushbuckridge
place of birth	Ilmar Raag (born 21 May 1968 in Kuressaare) is an Estonian media executive, screenwriter and film director, best known for his socio-critical film The Class.	Ilmar Raag	Kuressaare
place of birth	Leopold Lindtberg (born in Vienna on June 1, 1902; died in Sils im Engadin/Segl on April 18. 1984) was an Austrian Swiss film and theatre director.	Leopold Lindtberg	Vienna
place of birth	Howard Witt is an American character actor and Chicago native who began his acting career in the Goodman Theatre.	Howard Witt	Chicago
place of birth	Christopher H. Sterling (born 1943 in Washington, D.C.) is an American media historian.	Christopher H. Sterling	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Darragh Ryan (born 21 May 1980 in Cuckfield, West Sussex), is a footballer who currently plays for Southern Stars in the Victorian State League Division 1.	Darragh Ryan	Cuckfield
place of birth	Falk Balzer (born 14 December 1973 in Leipzig) is a former German hurdler best known for winning the silver medal at the 1998 European Championships in Budapest, Hungary.	Falk Balzer	Leipzig
place of birth	Lyle Kessler (born Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American playwright, screenwriter and actor, best known internationally for Orphans, the play he wrote in 1983.	Lyle Kessler	Philadelphia
place of birth	Jana Ina Zarrella, (born December 12, 1976 in Rio de Janeiro), is a TV show host and model.	Jana Ina	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Rüştü Sakarya (1877 in Constantinople (Istanbul) -- December 2, 1951) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army.	Rüştü Sakarya	Istanbul
place of birth	Thomas Loose (born 19 January 1964 in Bottrop) is a West German-German slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.	Thomas Loose	Bottrop
place of birth	Born at the Hungarian castle of Komárom (now Komárno), Leopold Karl von Kollonitsch was the son of Count Ernst von Kollonitsch, Governor of the castle, by his marriage to Anne Elizabeth von Kueffstein.	Leopold Karl von Kollonitsch	Komárno
place of birth	Darren Cullen is a London-based professional graffiti artist who is commonly known by the tag name SER. Cullen emerged as an artist from the British graffiti art scene in the early 1980s.	Darren Cullen	London
place of birth	Wojciech Sadley (born 1932-04-03 in Lublin) is a Polish painter and professor at Warsaw University School of Fine Arts.	Wojciech Sadley	Lublin
place of birth	Mostafa Terrab (Arabic: مصطفى الطراب‎; Born 1955 in Fes) is the current CEO of the Moroccan state-owned phosphate-mining company OCP.	Mostafa Terrab	Fes
place of birth	Queen Esther Marrow was born in Newport News, Virginia.	Queen Esther Marrow	Newport News
place of birth	Born in Ulm to General Karl Ludwig Muff, Wolfgang Muff joined the German Army as an officer cadet in 1899, receiving his commission as lieutenant in 1900.	Wolfgang Muff	Ulm
place of birth	Russ Meneve is a stand-up comedian from Hawthorne, New Jersey who has appeared on multiple shows on NBC and Comedy Central.	Russ Meneve	Hawthorne, New Jersey
place of birth	Yuri Lukin (born in April 23, 1962 in Barnaul, Russia) is the general manager of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl, a Russian professional ice hockey team playing in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Yuri Lukin	Barnaul
place of birth	Xu De'en rose to prominence in 2005 for Guangzhou Pharmaceutical where he was praised for his speed and ability.	Xu De'en	Guangzhou
place of birth	Jonathan Downes (born Portsmouth, England, in 1959) is a naturalist, cryptozoologist, author, editor, film-maker, poet, novelist, activist, journalist, composer and singer-songwriter, with a background in radical politics and mental health care.	Jonathan Downes	Portsmouth
place of birth	Serhiy Kozlov (Ukrainian: Сергій Валентинович Козлов; born 16 December 1957 in Sverdlovsk Oblast) is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player and a current Ukrainian football coach.	Serhiy Kozlov	Sverdlovsk Oblast
place of birth	Robert Petkoff is the son of Carolyn and Peter Petkoff, the 5th of seven children, and was born in Sacramento, California.	Robert Petkoff	Sacramento
place of birth	Bruno Gabriel Soares (also known as Bruno Soares) (born 21 August 1988 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian football player.	Bruno Gabriel Soares	Belo Horizonte
place of birth	Olev Olesk was born in the village of Sooküla, Peri Parish, Võru County (now part of Rosma village, Põlva Parish in Põlva County).	Olev Olesk	Põlva County
place of birth	A native of Ankara, Emin Çölaşan was born into a Cretan Turkish family whose surname, which literally means ``desert strider'', is a reference to his grandfather who was exiled by Sultan Abdülhamid II deep into the Fizan desert interior of Libya for 7 years because of JeuneTurc movement.	Emin Çölaşan	Ankara
place of birth	Cédric Baseya (born 19 December 1987 in Brétigny-sur-Orge, Essonne) is a DR Congolese-French professional footballer.	Cédric Baseya	Brétigny-sur-Orge
place of birth	Darren Law (born April 4, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian-born American racing driver.	Darren Law	Toronto
place of birth	Sandra Stevens (born 23 November 1949, Leeds, Yorkshire) is a British singer and member of pop group Brotherhood of Man.	Sandra Stevens	Leeds
place of birth	Born in the Montevideo neighbourhood of La Teja, Tabaré Vázquez studied medicine at the Universidad de la República Medical School, graduating as an oncology specialist in 1972.	Tabaré Vázquez	Montevideo
place of birth	Enda McEvoy (Virginia, County Cavan, 1977) is an Irish Michelin star winning head chef with restaurant Loam in Galway.	Enda McEvoy	Virginia, County Cavan
place of birth	He was born at Dawlish, Devon to John Herman Merivale (1770-1844) and Louisa Heath Drury.	Herman Merivale	Dawlish
place of birth	Alexander Selkirk was the son of a shoemaker and tanner in Lower Largo, Fife, Scotland, born in 1676.	Alexander Selkirk	Fife
place of birth	Eustache-Hyacinthe Langlois was born at Pont de l'Arche in Normandy on 3 August 1777.	Eustache-Hyacinthe Langlois	Pont de l'Arche
place of birth	Riitta Immonen (13 May 1918, Ilomantsi - 24 August 2008) was a Finnish fashion artist and entrepreneur, best known as the co-founder of Finnish fashion corporation Marimekko.	Riitta Immonen	Ilomantsi
place of birth	Luca Dallavalle (born 14 July 1987 in Cles) is an Italian mountain bike orienteer.	Luca Dallavalle	Cles
place of birth	Sandra Scofield was born to Edith Aileen Hambleton in Wichita Falls, Texas, in 1943.	Sandra Scofield	Wichita Falls
place of birth	Jane Siberry (/ˈsɪbri/ SIB-ree, born Jane Stewart, 12 October 1955 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, known for such hits as ``Mimi on the Beach'', ``I Muse Aloud'', ``One More Colour'' and ``Calling All Angels''.	Jane Siberry	Toronto
place of birth	Michael Coburn, (born 8 October 1985 in Dundalk, Ireland) is an Irish footballer currently playing for Shelbourne in the League of Ireland First Division.	Michael Coburn	Dundalk
place of birth	Danny Keohane (born 16 March 1987 in Donegal) is a professional Irish footballer, last at Ballinamallard United.	Danny Keohane	Donegal
place of birth	Arthur Sauvé, PC (October 1, 1874 -- February 6, 1944) was born in Saint-Hermas (today part of Mirabel, Quebec).	Arthur Sauvé	Mirabel
place of birth	Mauricio Azevedo Alves, better known as Amaral (born May 1, 1988 in Rio das Ostras), is a Brazilian football Defensive midfielder, he currently plays for Vitória, on loan from Flamengo.	Mauricio Azevedo Alves	Rio das Ostras
place of birth	Jamie Green (born 14 June 1982 in Leicester, England) is a British professional racing driver.	Jamie Green	Leicester
place of birth	John Hanks Alexander was born on 6 January 1864 at Helena, Arkansas to former slaves James Milo Alexander and Fannie Miller Alexander.	John Hanks Alexander	Helena, Arkansas
place of birth	Christy Brown was born into a working-class Irish family at the Rotunda Hospital in Dublin in June 1932.	Christy Brown	Dublin
place of birth	Otto Kandler (born 23 October 1920 in Deggendorf, Bavaria) is a German Botanist and Microbiologist.	Otto Kandler	Deggendorf
place of birth	Fanny Jacques-André-Coquin better known as Fanny J (born in Cayenne in French Guiana on 6 October 1987) is a French singer of zouk and contemporary R&B.	Fanny J	Cayenne
place of birth	Jacob LeBlanc (born February 2, 1981 in Auburn, California) is an American retired professional soccer player.	Jacob LeBlanc	Auburn
place of birth	Luiz Antonio de Assis Brasil (born in 1945, Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian writer and university professor.	Luiz Antonio de Assis Brasil	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Tatia Rosenthal (born April 4, 1971) is an animator and film director born in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Tatia Rosenthal	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Kateřina Winterová (born in Benešov) is a Czech actress, permanent member of the National Theatre in Prague and singer of the band Ecstasy of Saint Theresa.	Kateřina Winterová	Benešov
place of birth	Leo Kottke (born September 11, 1945, Athens, Georgia, U.S.) is an acoustic guitarist.	Leo Kottke	Athens
place of birth	Jesse Burch (born September 2, 1970) is an actor, born in Fort Belvoir, Virginia, USA.	Jesse Burch	Fort Belvoir
place of birth	Katherine Lawrence (December 11, 1954, San Bernardino, California -- March 25, 2004, near Tucson, Arizona) was a television series screenwriter and a short story science fiction and children's non-fiction educational books and video game writer.	Katherine Lawrence	San Bernardino
place of birth	The Hanselman sextuplets (born February 26, 2004) are a set of sextuplets born to Jennifer and Keith Hanselman in Akron, Ohio, United States.	Hanselman sextuplets	Akron
place of birth	Sibylle Pasche (born August 24, 1976 in Lucerne) is a Swiss artist and sculptor.	Sibylle Pasche	Lucerne
place of birth	John Lyly was born in Kent, England, in 1553/1554, to Peter Lyly (d. 1569) and his wife, Jane Burgh (or Brough), of Burgh Hall in the North Riding of Yorkshire.	John Lyly	Kent
place of birth	Tapio Nurmela (born January 2, 1975 in Rovaniemi) is a Finnish nordic combined athlete who competed during the 1990s.	Tapio Nurmela	Rovaniemi
place of birth	Joseph Nicholson Barney was born in 1818 in Maryland, son of John Barney and Elizabeth Nicholson Hindman.	Joseph Nicholson Barney	Maryland
place of birth	François Hers (born in 1943 in Brussels) is known as a photographer and a Belgian artist.	François Hers	Brussels
place of birth	Walter Villa (born August 13, 1943 in Castelnuovo Rangone - June 18, 2002) was a four-time Grand Prix motorcycle road racing world champion.	Walter Villa	Castelnuovo Rangone
place of birth	Slobodanka Stupar, (Sarajevo, 1947), is Serbian visual artist who lives and works in Belgrade, Athens and Cologne.	Slobodanka Stupar	Sarajevo
place of birth	Thomas Coulter (1793--1843), of Dundalk, was an Irish physician, botanist, and explorer.	Thomas Coulter	Dundalk
place of birth	Walter Höllerer was born in Sulzbach-Rosenberg and became a soldier in 1942 during the Second World War.	Walter Höllerer	Sulzbach-Rosenberg
place of birth	Stelian Moculescu (born 6 May 1950 in Brașov) is a Romanian volleyball coach and former player.	Stelian Moculescu	Brașov
place of birth	Michael Nicholas Salvatore Bongiorno (May 26, 1924 in New York City -- September 8, 2009 in Monte Carlo), known as Mike Bongiorno (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmaik bonˈdʒorno)), was an Italian television host.	Mike Bongiorno	New York City
place of birth	Aurelio Canonici (Genoa, 30 December 1965) is an Italian conductor and composer.	Aurelio Canonici	Genoa
place of birth	Svetozar Miletić was the oldest of seven children born to Sima and Teodosija (née Rajić) Miletić in the village of Mošorin in Šajkaška, the Serbian Military Frontier, on 22 February 1826.	Svetozar Miletić	Mošorin
place of birth	June Foray was born as June Lucille Forer on September 18, 1917 in Springfield, Massachusetts, one of three children of father Maurice and mother Ida.	June Foray	Springfield
place of birth	Antoniotto Usodimare was a prominent merchant and citizen of the Republic of Genoa, a director of the Genoese mint and a shareholder in the Banco di S. Giorgio.	Antoniotto Usodimare	Genoa
place of birth	Jan Baptist Bonnecroy was born in Antwerp as the son of the cloth merchant Willem Bonnecroy and Antonetta de la Forterie.	Jan Baptist Bonnecroy	Antwerp
place of birth	Mireille Best was born in 1943 at Le Havre and raised by her grandmother, Albertine Best.	Mireille Best	Le Havre
place of birth	Carsten Embach (born 12 October 1968 in Stralsund) is a German bobsledder who competed from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s.	Carsten Embach	Stralsund
place of birth	Vern Partlow was born Verneil Hoover Partlow in Bloomington, Illinois, a son of Abner Moses Partlow and Florence Hoover Partlow.	Vern Partlow	Bloomington
place of birth	Khaled Khalaila (Arabic: خالد خليلة‎, Hebrew: חאלד חלאילה‎; born 16 December 1982) is an Arab-Israeli footballer playing for Bnei Sakhnin in the Israeli Premier League.	Khaled Khalaila	Sakhnin
place of birth	Kelly Condron, (born in Salford, 1982) is a British actress better known by her previous stage name Kelly Greenwood.	Kelly Greenwood	Salford
place of birth	Jürgen Trumpf (born 8 July 1931, Düsseldorf) was appointed Secretary-General for the Council of the European Union and held the office from 1 September 1994 to 17 October 1999.	Jürgen Trumpf	Düsseldorf
position held	Kelda Roys (born June 24, 1979) is an attorney, an entrepreneur, a real estate broker, and a former Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Kelda Roys	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Henry Hague Davis (September 10, 1885 -- June 30, 1944) was a Canadian lawyer and Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.	Henry Hague Davis	Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada
position held	Ricardo Leoncio Elías Arias (12 September 1874, Pisco, Peru -- 20 March 1951) was a Peruvian soldier and politician who was briefly the President of Peru between March 1 and March 5, 1931.	Ricardo Leoncio Elías Arias	President of Peru
position held	Miguel Mariano Gómez y Arias (October 6, 1889 -- October 26, 1950) was a Cuban politician who served as President of Cuba for seven months in 1936.	Miguel Mariano Gómez	President of Cuba
position held	Petko Jordanov Christov, O.F.M. (born 9 October 1950 in Velcevo, Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria) is the current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nicopoli.	Petko Jordanov Christov	bishop
position played on team / speciality	Festus Mbewe (born 1 June 1988) is an Zambian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Nkana F.C.	Festus Mbewe	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mickaël Solvi is a French Guianan international footballer who plays as a forward.	Mickaël Solvi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Amevou-Ludovic Assemoassa (born 18 September 1980 in Lyon) is a French-born Togolese football defender who formerly, as of August 2007, plays for Granada 74.	Ludovic Assemoassa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hugh Ryden is a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Bristol Rovers, Stockport County, Chester City and Halifax Town.	Hugh Ryden	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Karol Korím (born August 20, 1993) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman.	Karol Korím	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Jaime Gonçalves (born 6 February 1899, date of death unknown) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Jaime Gonçalves	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Yves M'voto Owono (born 6 September 1988) is a French footballer, born in Paris, who plays as a defender for Polish side Zawisza Bydgoszcz.	Jean-Yves M'voto	defender
position played on team / speciality	Evanor João Fantin, simply known as Evanor (Chinese: 伊雲羅 Evanor, born March 16, 1974) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Eastern in the Hong Kong First Division.	Evanor	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lukáš Bajer (born 15 December 1984, in Přerov) is a Czech footballer midfielder.	Lukáš Bajer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alvin Swen Dixon (born March 15, 1993) is a Liberian defender that plays for Lao Toyota FC.	Alvin Swen Dixon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stef Doedee (born 17 February 1987) is a Dutch former professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for ASWH in the Dutch Hoofdklasse.	Stef Doedee	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lance Friesz (born September 16, 1983 in Mission Viejo, California) is a football (soccer) goalkeeper, currently playing for amateur team Pateadores SC in the Coast Soccer League.	Lance Friesz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Escobar Gañán (born 8 February 1965), also known as Álex Escobar, is a retired Colombian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Alexander Escobar Gañán	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Moro Alhassan (born 15 January 1994) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Italian Lega Pro club Carrarese, on loan from Genoa, as a defensive midfielder.	Moro Alhassan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Meddie Kagere (born 10 October 1986) is a Ugandan-born Rwandan footballer who plays for Gor Mahia in the Kenyan Premier League and the Rwanda national team as a forward.	Meddie Kagere	forward
position played on team / speciality	Julián Robles García (born 28 March 1981 in Palma, Majorca, Balearic Islands) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Julián Robles	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuela Goller played as a goalkeeper for SSG 09 Bergisch Gladbach and Grün-Weiß Brauweiler.	Manuela Goller	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Geoff Pike (born 28 September 1956 in Lower Clapton, London) is an English former footballer midfielder.	Geoff Pike	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Conrad Earnest (born December 20, 1957) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper and well respected exercise physiologist.	Conrad Earnest	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ruslan Malinovskyi (Ukrainian: Руслан Володимирович Малиновський, born 4 May 1993 in Zhytomyr, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Genk in the Belgian Pro League, on loan from FC Shakhtar Donetsk.	Ruslan Malinovskyi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mark Schwarzer OAM (born 6 October 1972) is an Australian professional footballer who plays for English club Leicester City as a goalkeeper.	Mark Schwarzer	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Kalish is a retired American soccer defender who formerly coached the Southern Illinois University Edwardsville men's soccer team.	Kevin Kalish	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Milojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Милојевић; born April 15, 1977) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former professional basketball player who played at the power forward position.	Dejan Milojević	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Christoforos Kourtis (Greek: Χριστόφορος Κούρτης; born November 5, 1996) is a Cypriot footballer who currently plays for AEK Larnaca as a midfielder.	Christoforos Kourtis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gary Doyle (born January 6, 1949 in Smiths Falls, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender.	Gary Doyle	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Domingos Nascimento dos Santos Filho or simply Domingos (born December 12, 1985 in Muniz Ferreira), is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Al-Kharitiyath.He also plays with Xavi,a professional football player who plays for Al-Sadd.	Domingos Nascimento dos Santos Filho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Igor Armaș (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈar.maʃ); born 14 July 1987) is a Moldovan football defender who plays for Kuban Krasnodar in Russian Premier League.	Igor Armaș	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anderson Oliveira Almeida (born December 14, 1980), commonly known as Anderson do Ó, is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played as a defender for Simurq in the Azerbaijan Premier League.	Anderson Oliveira Almeida	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dominik Kisiel (born April 15, 1990 in Bełchatów) is a Polish goalkeeper who plays for Hallescher FC.	Dominik Kisiel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hatem Abd Elhamed (Arabic: حاتم عبد الحميد‎, Hebrew: חאתם עבד אלחמד‎; born 18 March 1991) is an Arab-Israeli professional association footballer who plays for Belgian club K.A.A. Gent as a defender.	Hatem Abd Elhamed	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladyslav Shapoval (Ukrainian: Владислав Федорович Шаповал; born 8 May 1995 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club Volyn Lutsk.	Vladyslav Shapoval	defender
position played on team / speciality	Laura Feiersinger is an Austrian football midfielder, currently playing for Bayern Munich in the German Bundesliga.	Laura Feiersinger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rob Ryerson is a retired U.S. soccer forward who played professionally, both indoor and outdoor soccer, for at least seven years.	Rob Ryerson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gabriel Vasconcelos Ferreira (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɡabɾiˈew vaʃkõˈsɛluʃ fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ); born 27 September 1992), simply known as Gabriel, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Napoli, on loan from Milan.	Gabriel Vasconcelos Ferreira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ali Choupani (Persian: علی چوپانی‎‎) is an Iranian football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Padideh on loan from Sepahan in the Iran Pro League.	Ali Choupani	forward
position played on team / speciality	Judelin Aveska (born October 21, 1987 in Port-Margot) is a Haitian football defender, who plays for no club.	Judelin Aveska	defender
position played on team / speciality	Khalid Aucho (born 8 August 1993 in Jinja) is a Ugandan footballer who plays for Gor Mahia in the Kenyan Premier League and the Uganda national team as a midfielder.	Khalid Aucho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nathan Joynes (born 7 August 1985) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Handsworth Parramore F.C..	Nathan Joynes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Plamen Markov (Bulgarian: Пламен Марков; born 11 September 1957 in Sevlievo) is a retired Bulgarian international footballer who played as a midfielder.	Plamen Markov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Todd Saldana is a retired American soccer midfielder.	Todd Saldana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vasil Shkurti (born Vassilis Skourtis-Shkurtaj on 27 February 1992) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Skoda Xanthi F.C. as a forward.	Vasil Shkurti	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Damián Rodríguez Larraura (born January 24, 1977 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Villa Teresa in the Uruguayan Segunda División.	Jorge Damián Rodríguez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Américo Pereira da Silva (?--?) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Américo Pereira da Silva	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cesar Alvarado is a retired Mexican-American soccer midfielder who played one game for the Tampa Bay Mutiny in Major League Soccer.	Cesar Alvarado	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan José Blanco (born December 19, 1985) is a Uruguayan football player who plays as a defensive midfielder for El Tanque Sisley.	Juan José Blanco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lyubomir Tsekov (Bulgarian: Любомир Цеков; born 17 January 1990 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a forward.	Lyubomir Tsekov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Janne Henriksson (born 5 August 1981 in Turku) is a Finnish football goalkeeper who plays for VPS in the Veikkausliiga.	Janne Henriksson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andy Robert Pando García (born 28 July 1983), commonly known as Andy Pando, is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a forward for La Equidad in the Liga Postobon I. His nicknamed is El Oso (English: The Bear)	Andy Pando	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vladyslav Sukhomlynov (Ukrainian: Владислав Валерьевич Сухомлинов; born 2 January 1978) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Ukraine, Greece and Kazakhstan.	Vladyslav Sukhomlynov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tayfun Seven (born June 25, 1980 in İstanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish footballer who last played for the TFF Third League club 68 Yeni Aksarayspor as a forward or as an attacking midfielder.	Tayfun Seven	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jack Beaumont (born 12 September 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer, currently playing as a midfielder for Scottish League One side Cowdenbeath.	Jack Beaumont	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sherif Touré Coubageat (born 27 December 1983) is a former Togolese football forward who last played for Germania Leer.	Sherif Touré Coubageat	forward
position played on team / speciality	Almir Pliska born 12 August 1987) is a Bosnian football forward who plays for Moravac Orion.	Almir Pliska	forward
position played on team / speciality	Santy Hulst (born 27 October 1987 in Leiderdorp) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an Attacking midfielder.	Santy Hulst	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Niňaj (born 17 May 1994) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Belgian Pro League club Lokeren and Slovakia national under-21 football team.	Branislav Niňaj	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jack Debreczeni (born 6 June 1993) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a fly-half for the Melbourne Rebels in the international Super Rugby competition.	Jack Debreczeni	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Cecilia Grubbström (born 2 September 1986) is a Swedish handball goalkeeper.	Cecilia Grubbström	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lars Gunnar Johnsen (born 2 July 1991) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Tromsø.	Lars Gunnar Johnsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Ackford (born 26 February 1958) is a former English rugby union international who played lock forward.	Paul Ackford	lock
position played on team / speciality	Steffen Bjørnebo Rasmussen (born 30 September 1982), known as Steffen Rasmussen, is a Danish professional football player in the goalkeeper position, who currently plays for Danish First Division team AGF Aarhus.	Steffen Rasmussen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jabulani Ncubeni (born 18 December 1992 in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder who is currently a free agent.	Jabulani Ncubeni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Narciso Lubasa (born 7 March 1989) is an Angolan-German footballer who plays as a midfielder for TuS Erndtebrück.	Narciso Lubasa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Tóth (born 8 February 1971) is a former Slovak football midfielder who played for Dukla Banská Bystrica, 1.	Dušan Tóth	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Achille Pensy Moukembe (born 5 January 1987) is a Cameroonian-born naturalized Equatoguinean professional football goalkeeper.	Achille Pensy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tetchi Jores Charlemagne Ulrich Okore (born 11 August 1992), known as Jores Okore, is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Aston Villa in the Premier League and the Denmark national team.	Jores Okore	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Sébastien Dewaest (born 27 May 1991) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as defender for Genk.	Sébastien Dewaest	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Farnerud (born 1 May 1984) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Italian club Torino and the Swedish national team as a midfielder.	Alexander Farnerud	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Afonso Crispim (born 9 February 1995), known as João Afonso, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Criciúma, on loan from Internacional.	João Afonso Crispim	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nazim Aliyev (born 5 April 1963) is retired football forward from Azerbaijan, who is the all time topscorer of the Azerbaijan Premier League.	Nazim Aliyev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lisa-Marie Woods (born 23 May 1984 in Tønsberg) is a Norwegian professional football midfielder.	Lisa-Marie Woods	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miroslav König (born 1 June 1972) is a retired Slovak football goalkeeper of German descent, who played during the 1990s and 2000s.	Miroslav König	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mojtaba Jabbari (Persian: مجتبی جباری‎‎, pronounced (moˈdʒtæbɒː ˈdʒæˈb-bɒːɾiː); born June 16, 1983 in Robat Karim) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Al Ahli in the Qatar Stars League and the Iranian national team as an attacking midfielder.	Mojtaba Jabbari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jetmir Sefa (born 30 January 1987 in Vlorë) is an Albanian football player who plays as a midfielder for Albanian club Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga.	Jetmir Sefa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vidas Ginevičius (born May 11, 1978) is a 1.93 m (6'4``) in height, 93 kg (205 pound) in weight, Lithuanian professional basketball point guard born in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR, USSR.	Vidas Ginevičius	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Theresa Nielsen (born 20 July 1986) is a Danish football defender who plays for Brøndby IF in Denmark's Elitedivisionen.	Theresa Nielsen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matías Manzano (born June 17, 1986 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine football forward.	Matías Manzano	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Brookfield (born 10 May 1987, Liverpool) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Ryan Brookfield	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Otabek Khaydarov (Uzbek: Отабек Ҳайдаров) (born 11 October 1991) is an Uzbek footballer who plays as a midfielder for Neftchi Farg'ona in the Uzbek League.	Otabek Khaydarov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Clara Woltering (born 2 March 1983) is a German handball goalkeeper who plays for Borussia Dortmund and the German national team.	Clara Woltering	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leonard Koch is a German association footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Union Berlin.	Leonard Koch	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Khalid Sinouh (Arabic: خالد سينوح‎; born 2 May 1975) is a Dutch-born Moroccan former international association football goalkeeper.	Khalid Sinouh	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Reza Ghoochannejhad Nournia (Persian: رضا قوچان‌نژاد‎‎, born 20 September 1987), is an Iranian footballer who plays for Charlton Athletic and the Iranian national team as a forward, having previously played for Dutch national youth teams.	Reza Ghoochannejhad	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jerzy Dudek (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjɛʐɨ ˈdudɛk); born 23 March 1973) is a Polish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Jerzy Dudek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Leggio (born July 31, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently an unrestricted free agent.	David Leggio	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Lorenzo Sibilano (born 10 July 1978 in Bari) is an Italian football (soccer) defender.	Lorenzo Sibilano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damien Farrell (born 28 April 1983) is an Antiguan and Barbudan footballer who plays for Sani Pro Fort Road as a defender.	Damien Farrell	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ilias Stogiannis (born 13 February 1976 in Kozani, Greece) is a professional football goalkeeper who last played for Rodos F.C. in the Greek second division.	Ilias Stogiannis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Donashano Malama (born 1 September 1991 in Chililabombwe) is a Zambian association football defender.	Donashano Malama	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Jesús García González (born 24 February 1977 in La Orotava, Tenerife), known as Toñito, is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Toñito	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zachary Cairncross is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Central Coast Mariners in the A-League.	Zachary Cairncross	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luke Jukulile (born 5 September 1973) is a retired Zimbabwen football (soccer) midfielder.	Luke Jukulile	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Íñiguez de Heredia Larraz (born 20 January 1994), known as Íñiguez, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF mainly as a central defender but also as a defensive midfielder.	Pablo Íñiguez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stan Wickham (4 January 1877 -- March 1960) was a pioneer Australian rugby union player, a state and national representative centre who captained the Australian national side on a number of occasions in the early 1900s.	Stan Wickham	centre
position played on team / speciality	Roman Nykytyuk (Ukrainian: Роман Федорович Никитюк; born 9 September 1993 in Lutsk, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club Volyn Lutsk.	Roman Nykytyuk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jonas Wirmola (born 17 July 1969) is a Swedish former football defender and manager and currently a player agent.	Jonas Wirmola	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Renato Barbosa (born 10 July 1991), known as Jonathan Cafu or simply Cafu, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Bulgarian A Group side Ludogorets Razgrad as a right winger.	Jonathan Cafu	winger
position played on team / speciality	On May 16, 2011, Vance Worley was optioned to triple-A Lehigh Valley in order for him to remain a starting pitcher following Roy Oswalt's return from the disabled list.	Vance Worley	starting pitcher
position played on team / speciality	Myumyun Kashmer or Milan Kashmerov (Bulgarian: Мюмюн Кашмер; born 20 January 1962) is a former Bulgarian footballer of Turkish descent, who played as a forward.	Myumyun Kashmer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marius Zarn (born 18 April 1978) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as midfielder for FC Chur 97.	Marius Zarn	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Franck Histilloles (born 25 January 1973) is a former footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in France and Greece.	Franck Histilloles	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emil Miljković (born 26 May 1988) is a Bosnian footballer who currently plays as a forward for EVV in the Dutch Topklasse.	Emil Miljković	forward
position played on team / speciality	Oscar Brevi (born December 15, 1967 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian former association football defender and former manager of Lega Pro Prima Divisione side Cremonese.	Oscar Brevi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jaromír Jágr (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaromiːr ˈjaːɡr̩); born February 15, 1972) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Jaromír Jágr	winger
position played on team / speciality	Giacomo Beretta (born 14 March 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Serie B club Pro Vercelli, on loan from Milan.	Giacomo Beretta	forward
position played on team / speciality	Eridson (born 25 June 1990) is a Bissau-Guinean footballer who plays for Freamunde as a defender.	Eridson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Craig Coyle (born 6 September 1980 in Edinburgh) is a former Scottish footballer that played as a goalkeeper in the Scottish Football League for Raith Rovers, Greenock Morton, Arbroath, Berwick Rangers and is goalkeeper coach since 2012 at Hamilton Academical.	Craig Coyle	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Fabbro (born 16 January 1982 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine-born naturalized-Paraguayan football midfielder who currently plays for Cerro Porteño in the Primera División Paraguaya and the Paraguay national football team.	Jonathan Fabbro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fuat Kalkan (born 13 February 1988 in West Berlin) is a German-Turkish football midfielder.	Fuat Kalkan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Daniel Cardaccio (born 14 February 1959 in Montevideo) is a retired Uruguayan footballer who played as a midfielder and won the Copa Libertadores with Club Nacional de Football in 1988.	Jorge Daniel Cardaccio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Koravit Namwiset (Thai: กรวิทย์ นามวิเศษ), simply known as Tui (Thai: ตุ้ย), is a Thai footballer who plays for Thai Premier League clubside Buriram United as a defender.	Koravit Namwiset	defender
position played on team / speciality	Maikel Aerts (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmɑi̯kəl ˈaːrts); born 26 June 1976 in Eindhoven) is a retired Dutch goalkeeper.	Maikel Aerts	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bert Hawkins (29 September 1923 in Bristol -- June 21st 2001) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.	Bert Hawkins	forward
position played on team / speciality	Petr Čech (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpɛtr̩ ˈt͡ʃɛx); born 20 May 1982) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Arsenal and captains the Czech Republic national team.	Petr Čech	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Graham Barnett (born 17 May 1936) is an English former footballer who played as an inside-forward.	Graham Barnett	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dean Yates (born 26 October 1967 in Leicester) is an English retired football defender.	Dean Yates	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexis Allart (born 7 August 1986 in Charleville-Mézières, Ardennes) is a French football forward who currently plays for TOT SC of the Thai Division 1 League in Thailand.	Alexis Allart	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adolf Krzyk (December 25, 1907 -- 1987) was a Polish football goalkeeper.	Adolf Krzyk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Billy Gazonas is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who won the 1977 Hermann Trophy as the top collegiate soccer player of the year.	Billy Gazonas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Branko Ostojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранко Остојић; born 3 January 1984 in Goražde) is a Bosnian-born Serbian defensive midfielder who currently plays for Greek Super League side Veria.	Branko Ostojić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Karolis Chvedukas (born 21 April 1991) is a Lithuanian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Lithuanian club Sūduva Marijampolė.	Karolis Chvedukas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rasmus Sjöstedt (born 28 February 1992) is a Swedish footballer who plays Falkenbergs FF as a defender.	Rasmus Sjöstedt	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Antônio Miranda Filho (born 11 November 1984), or simply Marco Antônio, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Al-Khor.	Marco Antônio Miranda Filho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dieter Purschel (born February 7, 1941) is a German former ice hockey goaltender, who competed for SC Dynamo Berlin.	Dieter Purschel	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	André LePage (born April 11, 1955 in Arvida, Quebec) is a legal adviser and retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender.	André LePage	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	After franchise player Dirk Nowitzki missed most of the early season with an arthroscopic knee surgery and starting small forward Shawn Marion was also injured, Jae Crowder became the team's starting small forward.	Jae Crowder	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Denis César de Matos (14 April 1987) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a goalkeeper.	Denis César de Matos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jan Stefan Rehn (born 22 September 1966 in Stockholm) is a Swedish football midfielder and football manager.	Stefan Rehn	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mikk Reintam (born 22 May 1990) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Scottish club Alloa Athletic and the Estonia national football team.	Mikk Reintam	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Neydson da Silva, commonly known as Neydson (born 26 October 1996), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Norwegian club Molde.	Neydson da Silva	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Antonio Ramírez Paredes (born 24 August 1992) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Swiss side Sion.	Pedro Antonio Ramírez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Clydie Roberts (born 7 July 1987) is an English-born Guyanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Brentwood Town, and has been capped internationally for the Guyana national football team.	Clydie Roberts	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergei Pareiko (born 31 January 1977) is an Estonian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper FC Levadia in the Estonian top-tier Premium Liiga and for the Estonia national football team.	Sergei Pareiko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Asep Berlian is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Persebaya Surabaya.	Asep Berlian	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Scott LaGrand (born February 11, 1970) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender who played nine seasons in the American Hockey League (AHL), International Hockey League (IHL), and East Coast Hockey League (ECHL).	Scott LaGrand	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Grant Haley (born 20 September 1979) in Bristol, England, is a retired English professional footballer who played as a defender for Peterborough United in the Football League.	Grant Haley	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ludovic Giuly (born 10 July 1976) is a French footballer who plays for Monts d'Or Azergues Foot in the Championnat de France amateur as a winger or an attacking midfielder.	Ludovic Giuly	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Artūrs Bērziņš (born June 12, 1988) is a Latvian basketball player, who plays the power forward position.	Artūrs Bērziņš	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Savério Gatti or Gatti, (born in São Carlos, on September 5, 1984) is a Brazilian football goalkeeper, currently playing for Cuiabá Esporte Clube.	Rafael Savério Gatti	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Žigić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Жигић, IPA: (nǐkola ʒǐːɡit͡ɕ); born 25 September 1980) is a Serbian international footballer who plays as a centre forward.	Nikola Žigić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nikolay Chipev (Bulgarian: Николай Чипев; born 20 February 1989) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a midfielder.	Nikolay Chipev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John Kurila (born 10 April 1941) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a wing half in The Football League.	John Kurila	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Masahito Noto is a Japanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for JEF United Ichihara Chiba in the J. League Division 2.	Masahito Noto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gevorg Kasparov (Armenian: Գևորգ Կասպարով, born 25 July 1980), is an Armenian football player who currently plays goalkeeper for Alashkert FC and also the Armenian national team.	Gevorg Kasparov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Chu Ngọc Anh (born May 7, 1988 in Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a defender for Hà Nội F.C..	Chu Ngọc Anh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bikash Jairu (born 10th November, 1990 in Gyalshing, West Sikkim) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger for East Bengal in the I-League.	Bikash Jairu	winger
position played on team / speciality	Dominic Waldouck (born 26 September 1987) is a rugby union footballer who plays centre for London Irish.	Dominic Waldouck	centre
position played on team / speciality	Boris Borisov (born 2 July 1978) is a Bulgarian footballer, who is currently playing as a defender for Bulgarian club Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo.	Boris Borisov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jaco van der Westhuyzen (born 6 April 1978) is a South African rugby union footballer who plays fly-half or fullback.	Jaco van der Westhuyzen	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Brian Brendell (born 7 September 1986 in Rehoboth) is a Namibian football midfielder with FC Civics of the Namibia Premier League.	Brian Brendell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oļegs Blagonadeždins (Ukrainian: Олег Благонадєждін; born 16 May 1973 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a former Latvian football defender, currently the assistant manager of the Latvian Higher League club FK Spartaks Jūrmala.	Oļegs Blagonadeždins	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ron Lord (born 25 August 1929) was an Australian international football (soccer) goalkeeper during the 1950s, appearing for the host nation in the 1956 Olympic Games staged in Melbourne.	Ron Lord	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ofir Mizrahi (Hebrew: אופיר מזרחי‎; born December 4, 1993) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a forward for Israeli Premier League club Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona.	Ofir Mizrahi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Ceballos Prieto (born 3 December 1992) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward for Charlton Athletic.	Cristian Ceballos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcílio Alves da Silva (born 11 May 1976), also known as Marcílio, is a former naturalized Lebanese football defender.	Marcílio Alves da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Frandsen (born March 25, 1976) is a former Danish professional football (soccer) player, who played as a midfielder.	Thomas Frandsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rémi Gomis (born 14 February 1984) is a French-born Senegalese footballer, who plays for Ligue 1 side Nantes as a midfielder.	Rémi Gomis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pasquale Padalino (born 26 July 1972 in Foggia) is a former Italian football central defender and the current manager of Matera.	Pasquale Padalino	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ýewgeniý Naboýçenko (born 17 May 1970), also spelled Eygeniy Naboychenko, is a Turkmen football goalkeeper who played for Turkmenistan in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.	Ýewgeniý Naboýçenko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Andrews (1 February 1927 -- 12 September 2012) was a Scottish footballer who played as a left winger.	Jimmy Andrews	winger
position played on team / speciality	Joost van der Westhuizen (born 20 February 1971) is a South African former rugby union player who played as a scrum-half for the national team.	Joost van der Westhuizen	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Nicoletti (born 9 December 1998) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B side FC Crotone as a defender.	Manuel Nicoletti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Éldis Fernando Damasio, better known as Fernandinho (born January 13, 1981), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.	Éldis Fernando Damasio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Leitl (born 29 August 1977) is a German football manager and former footballer who played as a midfielder.	Stefan Leitl	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dorival Guidoni Júnior, known simply as Doriva (born 28 May 1972) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and a current football manager.	Doriva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Affize Faisal Bin Mamat (born 14 March 1989) is a Malaysian footballer who now plays as a midfielder for Terengganu in the Malaysia Super League.	Affize Faisal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bohdan Nedilsky (born 23 August 1967 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American former professional soccer player (defender), of Ukrainian descent.	Bohdan Nedilsky	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikolay Manchev (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Николай Манчев; born 4 January 1985 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian football midfielder.	Nikolay Manchev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diogo Lézico da Silva (born 26 April 1983 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.C. Farense as a central defender.	Diogo Lézico da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cecilie Leganger (born 12 March 1975) is a former Norwegian team handball goalkeeper, World champion, Olympic medalist, European champion, winner of Champions League, and World Player of the year 2001.	Cecilie Leganger	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	César Zabala Fernández (born 3 June 1961 in Luque) is a retired football (soccer) defender from Paraguay.	César Zabala	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stanislav Dryanov (Bulgarian: Станислав Дрянов; born 4 February 1995) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Neftochimic Burgas and the Bulgarian U21 team as a midfielder.	Stanislav Dryanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jukka Ikäläinen (born 14 May 1957 in Söderhamn, Sweden) is a retired football midfielder.	Jukka Ikäläinen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lee Wai Lun (Chinese: 利偉倫; Jyutping: lei6 wai5 leon4, born March 7, 1981 in Hong Kong) is a retired Hong Kong footballer who last played as a defender for Hong Kong First Division side Sun Pegasus.	Lee Wai Lun	defender
position played on team / speciality	Merly Zambrano (born December 7, 1981) is an Ecuadorian international footballer who plays as a defender.	Merly Zambrano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Taylor Moore (born 12 May 1997), is an English footballer who plays for RC Lens as centre-back.	Taylor Moore	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	Yeo Bong-hun (Hangul: 여봉훈; born 12 March 1994) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Gil Vicente in Segunda Liga.	Yeo Bong-hun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jassim Mohammed Haji (Arabic: جاسم محمد حاجي‎, Kurdish: Casim Mihemed Hacî‎) (born on May 3, 1984 in Duhok, Iraq) is a professional Iraqi footballer of Kurdish ethnicity who plays for Zakho FC as a defender.	Jassim Mohammed Haji	defender
position played on team / speciality	Edson Borges (born January 20, 1985 in Gaspar), is a Brazilian defender.	Edson Borges	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jesús María Pereda Ruiz de Temiño (15 June 1938 -- 27 September 2011), also known as Chus Pereda, was a Spanish football midfielder and manager.	Jesús María Pereda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikolay Chavdarov (Bulgarian: Николай Чавдаров; born 22 April 1976 in Pernik) is a retired Bulgarian football player who played as a goalkeeper.	Nikolay Chavdarov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jozef Talian (born 5 September 1985 in Bardejov) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for club 1.	Jozef Talian	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Kindermans (born 27 December 1994) is a Belgian footballer who plays as an Attacking midfielder for RKC Waalwijk in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Jonathan Kindermans	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean Ferrand (died November 11, 1990) was a French ice hockey goaltender and the long-time president of the French Ice Sports Federation.	Jean Ferrand	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Alan Branigan is a retired Ivorian-American football (soccer) defender who spent his entire career in the United States.	Alan Branigan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Iulian Mihai Ilie, (born 29 November 1972, Ploieşti, Romania), is a Romanian football player, who plays as a goalkeeper.	Mihai Ilie	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Charlie Myers is a retired American football (soccer) forward who played professionally in the American Soccer League.	Charlie Myers	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marko Dugandžić (born 7 April 1994) is a Croatian football forward, currently playing for Ternana in Serie B.	Marko Dugandžić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sam Bick (born St. Louis, Missouri) is a former American soccer midfielder.	Sam Bick	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jani Kauppila (born 16 January 1980, Oulu) is a retired Finnish footballer who played as a midfielder.	Jani Kauppila	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	André Micael Pereira (born 4 February 1989 in Guimarães), known as Micael, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Moreirense F.C. as a central defender.	André Micael	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Ângelo Silva Mota Faria (born 20 March 1995 in Porto) simply Miguel Ângelo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Leixões S.C. as a forward.	Miguel Ângelo Silva Mota Faria	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ratko Svilar (Serbian Cyrillic: Ратко Свилар; born 6 May 1950) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Ratko Svilar	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Eric Johnstone (born 22 March 1943) is an English former footballer who scored 12 goals in 41 appearances in the Football League playing as a winger for Carlisle United and Darlington in the 1960s.	Eric Johnstone	winger
position played on team / speciality	Geoffrey Kondogbia (born 15 February 1993) is a French professional footballer who plays for Italian club Internazionale and the French national team as a defensive midfielder.	Geoffrey Kondogbia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gerry Ainscough (born 7 August 1964, in Wigan, England) is a former rugby union fly half.	Gerry Ainscough	fly half
position played on team / speciality	Yao Xia (Simplified Chinese: 姚夏; Pinyin: Yáo Xià) (born 28 January 1974) is a Chinese football player and coach who is currently the caretaker manager of Chengdu Blades as well as also being a former international who predominantly played as an Attacking midfielder or Striker.	Yao Xia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tom Wilkie (born 1876 in Edinburgh, Scotland) was a Scottish footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League.	Tom Wilkie	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kennya Cordner (born 11 November 1988) is a Tobagonian soccer forward who is currently signed with the Seattle Sounders Women in the W-League.	Kennya Cordner	forward
position played on team / speciality	Assis Giovanaz (born 24 October 1989) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Vitória Guimarães in the Primeira Liga	Assis Giovanaz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Robin Nelisse (born 25 January 1978, in Rotterdam) is a former Netherlands Antillean football forward, the former Netherlands Antillean national team.	Robin Nelisse	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rob Saunders (born 5 August 1968 in Nottingham) is a former Irish rugby union international player who played as a scrum-half.	Rob Saunders	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Andre Petim (born 3 August 1985 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) goalkeeper for National First Division club Vasco Da Gama.	Andre Petim	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Albert McCann (born 1 November 1941 in Maidenhead died 9 January 2014, England) was an English football player who played as a midfielder, winger or forward.	Albert McCann	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iliya Iliev (Bulgarian: Илия Илиев; born 20 December 1974) is a former Bulgarian footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Iliya Iliev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Archie Wright (23 November 1924 -- 1990), was a Scottish-born footballer who played as an inside forward.	Archie Wright	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Henry McCully is a retired Scottish-American soccer forward.	Henry McCully	forward
position played on team / speciality	Savvas Gentsoglou (Greek: Σάββας Γκέντσογλου; born 19 September 1990) is a Greek football player currently playing as a defensive midfielder for Serie B club Bari.	Savvas Gentsoglou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Suárez Santos (born 20 October 1981) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.	Alberto Suárez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Geza Šifliš (Serbian Cyrillic: Геза Шифлиш) (25 February 1907 -- 18 November 1948) was a Yugoslav football goalkeeper.	Geza Šifliš	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alex Leavitt (born January 31, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing with the Braehead Clan in the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).	Alex Leavitt	centre
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Šmejkal (born 28 August 1970 in Pilsen) is a Czech former football midfielder.	Daniel Šmejkal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mikko Rämö (born July 27, 1980 in Lahti) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender.	Mikko Rämö	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Adílio de Oliveira Gonçalves, usually known simply as Adílio (born May 15, 1956) is a former Brazilian football attacking midfielder, who played for the Brazilian national team.	Adílio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dejair Igor Silvério Ribeiro, simply known as Dejair (born 30 November 1994), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Tombense as a defensive midfielder.	Dejair Igor Silvério Ribeiro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	António Feliciano (19 January 1922, Covilhã - 14 December 2010 Ourense, Spain) former Portuguese footballer who played for Belenenses, as a defender.	António Feliciano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Filip Draković (born 31 March 1991 in Murska Sobota) is a Slovenian footballer, playing as goalkeeper for Radomlje in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Filip Draković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Diego Carlos Santos Silva or simply Diego Carlos (born March 15, 1993 in Barra Bonita, Brazil, is a Brazilian defender playing for Porto B, on loan from Estoril Praia.	Diego Carlos Santos Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ouasim Bouy (born 11 June 1993) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for PEC Zwolle, on loan from Serie A champions Juventus, as a midfielder.	Ouasim Bouy	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edo Ophof (born May 21, 1959, Rhenen, Utrecht Province) is a retired football defender from the Netherlands.	Edo Ophof	defender
position played on team / speciality	Veselin Branimirov Atanasov (born 25 August 1975 in Varna) is a Bulgarian football coach and a former defender who is currently manager.	Veselin Branimirov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thom Haye (born 9 February 1995) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for AZ in the Eredivisie.	Thom Haye	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rattikan Thongsombut(Thai: รัตติกาล ทองสมบัติ born 7 July 1991) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a forward.	Rattikan Thongsombut	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marjan Stojkovski (Macedonian: Марјан Стојковски; born 7 July 1965) is a retired Macedonian football midfielder.	Marjan Stojkovski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giorgos Lazaridis (Greek: Γιώργος Λαζαρίδης; born 23 July 1983) is a Greek footballer who plays for Platanias in the Greek Superleague as a goalkeeper.	Giorgos Lazaridis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Neil Whalley (born 29 October 1965) is an English former professional association football player who played as a midfielder.	Neil Whalley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean Calvé (born 30 April 1984 in Cormeilles-en-Parisis, Val-d'Oise) is a French football defender and former youth international who is currently playing for OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League.	Jean Calvé	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roger Da Costa (born 22 April 1986 in Johannesburg, Gauteng) is a South African football player who plays as a defender for Aris Limassol.	Roger Da Costa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martin Štrbák (born January 15, 1975 in Prešov, Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia) is a Slovak Ice hockey defenceman, who plays for HC Košice.	Martin Štrbák	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Baba Sulemaye (born 7 November 1978), known as Baba Sule, is a Ghanaian retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Baba Sule	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcin Kowalczyk (born April 9, 1985 in Wieruszów) is a Polish football defender who plays for Russian club FC Tosno.	Marcin Kowalczyk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vicente Dauder Guardiola (25 November 1924 -- 9 February 2001) was a Spanish football goalkeeper and manager.	Vicente Dauder	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Roye (born 8 September 1988) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Ligue 2 side Chamois Niortais.	Jimmy Roye	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sumardi Hajalan (born 12 January 1985 in Tawau, Sabah) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently plays as a defender for Perlis FA.	Sumardi Hajalan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Evangelos Dimitrios Krios, known as Vangelis Krios, (Greek: Βαγγέλης Κρύος; born 23 September 1973) is a Greek former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Vangelis Krios	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Greg Lalas is a retired American soccer defender and the editor-in-chief of MLSsoccer.com.	Greg Lalas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mirko Castillo (born August 30, 1962 in Lima, Peru) was a Peruvian soccer forward who spent his entire professional career in the United States.	Mirko Castillo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Best Ogedegbe (3 September 1954 -- 28 September 2009) was a Nigerian football goalkeeper.	Best Ogedegbe	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Bojović (Cyrillic: Ивaн Бojoвић, born 17 March 1977 in Titograd, now Podgorica) is a Montenegrin former football defender.	Ivan Bojović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alpin Gallo (born 12 January 1974 in Librazhd, Albania ia a former Albanian football defender. He last played for KS Shkumbini Peqin in the 2008/2009 Albanian Superliga season. He is also a former Albanian international having earned 9 caps from 1994 til 1998.	Alpin Gallo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marc Boutruche, (born September 19, 1976 in Lorient, France) is a retired French football defender.	Marc Boutruche	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stéphane Ruffier (French pronunciation: ​(stefan ʁyfje); born 27 September 1986) is a French football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for French club Saint-Étienne in Ligue 1.	Stéphane Ruffier	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Haddow (born 12 June 1869, deceased) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	David Haddow	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Tadeu Martins Júnior (born 23 August 1983), simply known as Juninho Tardelli is a Brazilian footballer playing for Ypiranga-RS as a midfielder.	Juninho Tardelli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yoo Dong-kwan (Korean: 유동관; born May 12, 1963 South Korea) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Yoo Dong-kwan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Graeme Ramage (born 28 August 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Clydebank in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Graeme Ramage	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Stroppa (born 24 January 1968 in Mulazzano, Province of Lodi) is an Italian football coach and former midfielder, last in charge of Serie B club Spezia.	Giovanni Stroppa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Osvaldo Aquino (born 28 January 1952 in San Lorenzo, Paraguay) is a former football midfielder/winger and coach.	Osvaldo Aquino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ben Bamfuchile (12 April 1960 -- 27 December 2007), also known as Ben Pabili, was a Zambian football defender and coach.	Ben Bamfuchile	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rogério Apolónio de Sousa (18 April 1910 -- 1976) was a Portuguese footballer who played as an outside forward.	Rogério Apolónio de Sousa	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ahmed Hikmet (Bulgarian: Ахмед Хикмет; born 5 October 1984 in Shumen) is a Bulgarian footballer of Turkish descent, who currently plays as a midfielder for Chernomorets Balchik.	Ahmed Hikmet	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Constantin Stanciu (April 13, 1911 in Bucharest) was a Romanian football forward.	Constantin Stanciu	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gabriele Perico (born 11 March 1984 in Bergamo, Italy) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Cesena as a defender.	Gabriele Perico	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vishal Kaith (born 1996) is an Indian footballer, playing as goalkeeper for the I-League club, Shillong Lajong.	Vishal Kaith	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michel Galarneau (born March 1, 1961 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian former ice hockey centre.	Michel Galarneau	centre
position played on team / speciality	Tsvetomir Chipev (Bulgarian: Цветомир Чипев; born 16 August 1977 in Sofia) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Tsvetomir Chipev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fan Xiaodong (Chinese: 范晓冬; born on March 2, 1987 in China) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Changchun Yatai as a midfielder in the Chinese Super League.	Fan Xiaodong	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdelkader Firoud (October 11, 1919 in Oran, Algeria -- April 3, 2005 in Nîmes, France), most commonly known as Kader Firoud, was a French-Algerian professional football midfielder and manager.	Kader Firoud	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zhelyo Zhelev (born 24 February 1987 in Stara Zagora) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Vereya Stara Zagora as a midfielder.	Zhelyo Zhelev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ceyhun Eriş (born 15 May 1977) is a Turkish retired professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Ceyhun Eriş	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Boško Gjurovski (Macedonian: Бошко Ѓуровски; born 28 December 1961) is a former Yugoslav and Macedonian football midfielder.	Boško Gjurovski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mike Lookingland (born September 13, 1983) is an American soccer defender who plays for the Milwaukee Wave of the Major Arena Soccer League.	Mike Lookingland	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fred Birt (10 November 1886 -- 5 July 1956) was a Welsh international, rugby union centre who played club rugby for Newport and county rugby with Monmouthshire.	Fred Birt	centre
position played on team / speciality	Eamonn Rogers (born April 16, 1947 in Dublin) is an international Irish footballer, who played for Blackburn Rovers F.C in the English Football League as a midfielder, defender and forward.	Eamonn Rogers	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Tembo (born 19 August 1971) is a former Zambian football midfielder.	Andrew Tembo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Abad Beyxer (born 1 March 1989), commonly known as Mono, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Silla CF as a central midfielder or winger.	Sergio Abad Beyxer	winger
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Roger Correia (born 21 March 1995), commonly known as Formiga, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.	Roberto Roger Correia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manolo Pestrin (born 13 October 1978) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Salernitana, where he is the captain.	Manolo Pestrin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Attila Forrai (born 19 August 1973) is a Hungarian footballer who played for BVSC Budapest as midfielder.	Attila Forrai	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nasirul Islam Nasir (born 5 October 1988), is a Bangladeshi professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Mohammedan in Bangladesh League.	Nasirul Islam Nasir	defender
position played on team / speciality	Derek Van Rheenen (born January 3, 1964 in Ibadan, Nigeria) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who played his entire career with three San Francisco based clubs.	Derek Van Rheenen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mick Betteridge (1924--1999) was a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for West Bromwich Albion, Swindon Town and Chester City.	Mick Betteridge	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Kenan Kodro (born 19 August 1993) is a Spanish footballer of Bosnian descent who plays for CA Osasuna as a forward.	Kenan Kodro	forward
position played on team / speciality	José Juan Vázquez Gómez (Spanish pronunciation: (xoˈse ˈxwam ˈbaskes); born 14 March 1988) is a Mexican footballer, who plays mainly as a Defensive midfielder for León in Liga MX.	José Juan Vázquez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chan Wai Ho (born 24 April 1982) is a centre-back currently playing for Hong Kong Premier League club South China.	Chan Wai Ho	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	Michelangelo Minieri (born 29 May 1981) is an Italian footballer who plays defender for S.S. Barletta Calcio.	Michelangelo Minieri	defender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Grummitt (born 19 August 1942) is an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League during the 1960s and 1970s, most notably with Nottingham Forest.	Peter Grummitt	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Olav Dalen (born 6 March 1985) is a Norwegian footballer goalkeeper, who play for Nordre Land.	Olav Dalen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Beard was an English footballer who played as a winger.	Arthur Beard	winger
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Bardi (born 18 January 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Frosinone on loan from Internazionale.	Francesco Bardi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Ernst (born 23 December 1967 in Wiesbaden, Hesse) is a retired German footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Thomas Ernst	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Frédéric Piquionne (French pronunciation: ​(pikjon); born 8 December 1978) is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward for Mumbai City FC in Indian Super League.	Frédéric Piquionne	forward
position played on team / speciality	Derek Krestanovich (born May 31, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre	Derek Krestanovich	centre
position played on team / speciality	Garrett Roe (born February 22, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for Linköpings HC of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Garrett Roe	winger
position played on team / speciality	Christos Intzidis (Greek: Χρήστος Ιντζίδης, born 9 January 1993 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Panachaiki.	Christos Intzidis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jean Schuth (born 7 December 1941), most commonly known as Johnny Schuth, is a French former football goalkeeper.	Johnny Schuth	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tesho Akindele (born March 31, 1992) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a forward for FC Dallas in Major League Soccer.	Tesho Akindele	forward
position played on team / speciality	Guillaume Khous (born 18 August 1992) is a Liechtensteiner footballer who plays in for Sestao River in Spain, as a forward.	Guillaume Khous	forward
position played on team / speciality	Than Than Htwe was a retired footballer from Myanmar who played for the Myanmar women's national football team as a midfielder.	Than Than Htwe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dean Delany (born 15 September 1980) is an Irish football goalkeeper who plays for League of Ireland Premier Division club Bohemians.	Dean Delany	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fahad Al Fahad (Arabic: فهد الفهد‎, born 1 December 1983) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a forward for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Kazma.	Fahad Al Fahad	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mark Abbott (born 20 February 1991) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who currently plays as a lock or loose forward for Hawke's Bay in the ITM Cup and the Hurricanes in Super Rugby.	Mark Abbott	lock
position played on team / speciality	Javier Guzmán Colin (January 9, 1945 -- August 14, 2014) was a former Mexican football defender, who played for the Mexico national team between 1970 and 1977.	Javier Guzmán	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kris Chesney (born 2 March 1974) is a rugby union footballer who plays at flanker, number 8 and lock for Southend.	Kris Chesney	lock
position played on team / speciality	Julio César Falcioni (born 20 July 1956 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football manager and former goalkeeper.	Julio César Falcioni	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jadson Alves dos Santos (born 30 August 1993 in São Bernardo do Campo) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as defensive midfielder for club Atlético Paranaense, on loan from Udinese.	Jadson Alves dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jon Connolly (born 3 April 1981) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Vale of Clyde in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Jon Connolly	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Masters (17 August 1910 -- ?) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Horwich R.M.I., Nottingham Forest, and Port Vale in the 1930s.	Arthur Masters	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marisa Park plays for the Braddock Road Stars Elite as a midfielder and captain of the team.	Marisa Park	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ebrahim Loveinian (Persian: ابراهیم لوینیان‎, born 10 September 1978) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Persisam Putra Samarinda in the Indonesia Super League.	Ebrahim Loveinian	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Filipe Santos Oliveira (born 21 April 1994) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Marítimo B.	Filipe Santos Oliveira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vojislav Vranjković (Serbian Cyrillic: Војислав Врањковић ) (born January 1, 1983 in Knin) is a Serbian football attacking midfielder.	Vojislav Vranjković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jacob Harry Maguire (born 5 March 1993), known as Harry Maguire, is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Hull City.	Harry Maguire	defender
position played on team / speciality	Geoff Coffin (17 August 1924 - 12 March 2015) was a footballer who played as a centre forward for Heath Rangers, Chester City and Winsford United.	Geoff Coffin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Raffaele De Martino (born 8 April 1986) is an Italian football midfielder, currently under contract for Paganese.	Raffaele De Martino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Renato Cila is a retired Brazilian professional soccer defender who played in both the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Renato Cila	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Peacock (born 1940 or 1941) is a former footballer who made 46 appearances in the Football League playing as a goalkeeper for Darlington in the early 1960s.	Mike Peacock	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lovelace Ackah (born July 8, 1976) is a retired Ghanaian soccer defender.	Lovelace Ackah	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nick Tol (born 3 May 1989 in Volendam) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spakenburg in the Dutch Topklasse.	Nick Tol	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matt Polster (born June 8, 1993) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for the Chicago Fire in Major League Soccer and the United States national team.	Matt Polster	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oliver Herber (born 9 September 1981) is a former German footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Oliver Herber	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Blake Hoffarber (born April 27, 1988) was a shooting guard on the University of Minnesota men's basketball team.	Blake Hoffarber	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Søren Mussmann (born 29 June 1993) is a Danish professional football defender, who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side SønderjyskE.	Søren Mussmann	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adama Coulibaly (born 10 September 1980) is a Malian football (soccer) defender.	Adama Coulibaly	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lyudmil Kirov (Bulgarian: Людмил Киров, born 16 February 1976) is a Bulgarian footballer currently (as of July 2008) playing for Rodopa Smolyan as a midfielder.	Lyudmil Kirov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francisco David Sousa Franquelo (born 3 February 1980 in Málaga, Andalusia) is a Spanish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.	David Sousa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mahmoud Amnah (Arabic: محمود آمنة‎) (born 25 January 1983 in Aleppo) is a Syrian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I-League and was a member of the Syria national football team.	Mahmoud Amnah	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ronnie Sinclair (born 19 November 1964, Stirling) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Ronnie Sinclair	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Denis Marconato (born July 29, 1975) is an Italian professional basketball player currently playing for Dinamo Sassari of the Italian Serie A. He is 211 cm (6 ft 11 in) tall and he plays at the center position.	Denis Marconato	center
position played on team / speciality	Henrique Dinis Oliveira Dias (born 21 January 1990 in Monção, Viana do Castelo), known as Dinis, is a Portuguese footballer who is a free agent after playing for the Croatian club NK Istra 1961 as a defensive midfielder.	Henrique Dinis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ren Yongshun (simplified Chinese: 任永顺; traditional Chinese: 任永順; pinyin: Rén Yǒngshùn; born 31 May 1985) is a Chinese football defender.	Ren Yongshun	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vasilios Papafotis (Greek: Βασίλειος Παπαφώτης; born 10 August 1995 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division.	Vasilios Papafotis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Danijel Ljuboja (Serbian Cyrillic: Данијел Љубоја, pronounced (dǎnijel ʎûboja); born 4 September 1978) is a Serbian footballer forward who last played for French Ligue 2 side RC Lens.	Danijel Ljuboja	forward
position played on team / speciality	Edmund Baldwin was a footballer who played as a centre forward in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.	Edmund Baldwin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vazha Tarkhnishvili (Georgian: ვაჟა თარხნიშვილი; born 25 August 1971 in Gori, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union) is a retired Georgian footballer who played his last 13 years of activity as a defender for the Moldovan National Division club Sheriff Tiraspol.	Vazha Tarkhnishvili	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mariusz Liberda (born December 24, 1976 in Żary) is a former Polish footballer (goalkeeper).	Mariusz Liberda	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Owino Odhiambo (born 5 April 1988), nicknamed ``Calabar'', is Kenyan footballer who plays for ZESCO United in the Zambian Premier League and the Kenya national team as a defender.	David Owino	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vicente Arenari Filho (born 23 March 1935 in Natividade, Rio de Janeiro, died 14 July 2013 in Natividade) is a retired Brazilian professional football player, who played as defender and currently a manager.	Vicente Arenari Filho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pesamino Victor is an association footballer from American Samoa who plays as a defender.	Pesamino Victor	defender
position played on team / speciality	Valentina Boni is an Italian football midfielder, currently playing for ASD Fimauto Valpolicella.	Valentina Boni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Massimiliano Esposito (born 27 May 1972 in Naples, Italy), also known as ``Max'', is an Italian beach soccer player and coach, and also a former footballer, who played as a playmaking midfielder or as a creative forward.	Massimiliano Esposito	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nader Ghobeishavi is an Iranian football goalkeeper, currently playing for Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Iran Pro League.	Nader Ghobeishavi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Veškovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Душaн Beшкoвaц ; born 16 March 1986) is a Serbian football defender currently playing for French side Troyes in the Ligue 1.	Dušan Veškovac	defender
position played on team / speciality	Frankie Lane (20 July 1948 -- 19 May 2011) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Frankie Lane	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Volodymyr Fedoriv (Ukrainian: Володимир Миколайович Федорів, born on 29 July 1985) is a professional Ukrainian football defender.	Volodymyr Fedoriv	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Rifka Putra (born June 26, 1984 in Padang Panjang, West Sumatra), is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a defender for Semen Padang.	Tommy Rifka Putra	defender
position played on team / speciality	Denis Rusu (born 2 August in Chișinău) is a Moldovan footballer who currently is playing for Zimbru Chișinău as goalkeeper.	Denis Rusu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Keiran Breslin is a retired soccer midfielder who played professionally in the North American A-League.	Keiran Breslin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Đồng Huy Thái (born on 7 January 1985 in Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a midfielder for Hà Nội T&T.	Đồng Huy Thái	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ognjen Čančarević (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Чанчаревић, born 25 September 1989) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Mladost Lučani.	Ognjen Čančarević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dominique Bathenay (born February 13, 1954 in Pont-d'Ain, Ain) is a retired football midfielder from France, who last worked as Head Coach of United Arab Emirates.	Dominique Bathenay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomas Ramelis (born 28 May 1971) is a retired Lithuanian international football forward.	Tomas Ramelis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Marshall (born March 10, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an unrestricted free agent.	Kevin Marshall	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Daniel Ledesma (born 24 September 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays as a central midfielder.	Cristian Daniel Ledesma	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alfredo Cristino Jara Mereles (born 2 May 1973 in Capiatá) is a football (soccer) forward from Paraguay, who is currently playing for Nacional Potosi in Bolivia.	Cristino Jara	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yossi Shivhon (Hebrew: יוסי שבחון‎; born March 22, 1982) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Ironi Nir Ramat HaSharon as a midfielder.	Yossi Shivhon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivo Cocconi (born 28 May 1929 in Parma) was an Italian football player, who operated as a defender.	Ivo Cocconi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bruce Landon (born October 5, 1949) is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender who is the longtime part-owner, president and general manager of the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League.	Bruce Landon	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandar Mutavdžić (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Mутaвџић, born 3 January 1977 in Kraljevo) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a left midfielder.	Aleksandar Mutavdžić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Box (September 1884 -- q2 1960) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Arthur Box	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Enar Jääger (born 18 November 1984) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Vålerenga on loan from Flora and the Estonia national football team.	Enar Jääger	defender
position played on team / speciality	Maryam Rahimi is an Iranian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Maryam Rahimi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olivier Echouafni (born September 13, 1972 in Menton, Alpes-Maritimes) is a French former football midfielder, who played for Ligue 1 team OGC Nice, among others.	Olivier Echouafni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Parlov (born 3 April 1984) is a Croatian football midfielder, who played for Prva HNL club NK Slaven Belupo.	Ivan Parlov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Bevan (born 24 June 1989) is an Irish footballer who plays for AFC Rushden & Diamonds as a goalkeeper.	David Bevan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Grégory Delwarte (born 30 January 1978) is a Belgian football goalkeeper currently playing at RES Acrenoise in Belgian Fourth Division.	Grégory Delwarte	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jason Cummings (born 1 August 1995) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Scottish Championship club Hibernian, as a forward.	Jason Cummings	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Penev (Bulgarian: Иван Пенев; born 24 June 1993) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa as a defender .	Ivan Penev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gonzalo Saucedo (born 16 February 1985 in Posadas) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Estudiantes de La Plata of the Primera Division Argentina.	Gonzalo Saucedo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diallo Guidileye (born 30 December 1989) is a French-Mauritanian footballer who currently plays for French Ligue 2 side AS Nancy as a defensive midfielder.	Diallo Guidileye	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Luc Ndayishimiye (born 25 May 1991) is a Rwanda international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Jean-Luc Ndayishimiye	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Khaled Abdulqoddus (Arabic: خالد عبد القدوس‎, born 9 June 1980) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is an attacking midfielder for Kuwaiti Premier League side Al Shabab on loan from Al-Arabi.	Khaled Abdulqoddus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rolando Álvarez Suárez (born 1975-12-14) is a Venezuelan football defender who made a total number of 20 appearances for the Venezuela national team between 1999 and 2001.	Rolando Álvarez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Watkins (born 5 June 1941) was a Welsh international rugby union wing who played club rugby for Newport and Cardiff.	Stuart Watkins	wing
position played on team / speciality	Aníbal Ciocca (23 July 1915) was a Uruguayan football-player notably active during the 1930s and 40s, member of the forward line that conquered the Quinquenio de Oro (1939-1943) for Nacional.	Aníbal Ciocca	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brett Leonhardt (born September 21, 1982) is a former ice hockey goaltender for the Kitchener Dutchmen of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League (GOJHL), the State University of New York at Oswego of the State University of New York Athletic Conference (SUNYAC), and Neumann College of ECAC West.	Brett Leonhardt	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Brendon Christopher (born January 31, 1984 in Trinidad) is a Trinidad and Tobago football player, who plays as a defender for United Petrotrin (TT Pro League).	Brendon Christopher	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damiano Tommasi (born 17 May 1974) is an Italian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current preseident of the Italian Footballers' Association.	Damiano Tommasi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdou Nef (Arabic: عبده نيف‎; 2 April 1995 -- 5 November 2013) was an Algerian footballer, who primarily played as a midfielder.	Abdou Nef	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Youcef Touati (born 29 March 1989) is an Algerian football player who currently plays for French club Chambly as an attacking midfielder.	Youcef Touati	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Omar Almirón (born 18 November 1958 in Rosario) is a retired Argentine football centre-forward.	Sergio Omar Almirón	forward
position played on team / speciality	Leena Puranen (born 18 October 1986) is a Finnish football forward who plays for Swedish lower division team Kungsbacka DFF.	Leena Puranen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Keith (born 16 December 1962) is an English former footballer who played as a defender for Colchester United in the English Football League.	Adrian Keith	defender
position played on team / speciality	Conor Pepper, (born 4 May 1994 in Dublin) is an Irish professional association football player, who generally plays as a midfielder but can also feature at right-back.	Conor Pepper	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Jadílson dos Santos Silva (born December 4, 1977 in Maceió, Alagoas), most commonly known as Jadílson, is a Brazilian football defender.	Jadílson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ngô Hoàng Thịnh (born April 21, 1992 in Nghe An) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Vietnamese club FLC Thanh Hóa and the Vietnamese national team.	Ngô Hoàng Thịnh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	César de la Hoz López (born 30 March 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Betis B mainly as a midfielder.	César de la Hoz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Olayinka Oladeji (born 18 November 1995 in Ibadan) is a Nigerian football forward currently plays for KAA Gent in the Belgian Pro League.	Peter Olayinka	forward
position played on team / speciality	Henry Javier Hernández (born 14 May 1982) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a forward.	Henry Javier Hernández	forward
position played on team / speciality	Since 2008 the national team, the young city Panagiotis Stamogiannos good defensive midfielder of Olympiakos .	Panagiotis Stamogiannos	midfielder
publication date	Pandanti Kapuram is a 1972 Telugu, family drama film.	Pandanti Kapuram	1972
publication date	Freedom Downtime is a 2001 documentary film sympathetic to the convicted computer hacker Kevin Mitnick, directed by Emmanuel Goldstein and produced by 2600 Films.	Freedom Downtime	2001
publication date	Pusthakamlo Konni Pageelu Missing (Telugu: పుస్తకంలో కొన్ని పేజీలు మిస్సింగ్, English: Some Pages in the Book are Missing) is a 2013 Telugu comedy film directed by Sajid Qureshi and Produced by Mohammad Sohail Ansari.	Pusthakamlo Konni Pageelu Missing	2013
publication date	The Bewitched (French: L'Ensorcelée) is an 1852 novel by the French writer Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly.	The Bewitched	1852
publication date	People's Encounter is an Indian film released on Ushakiran Movies in 1991.	People's Encounter	1991
publication date	City Under the Sea (released as War-Gods of the Deep in USA) is a 1965 science fiction film.	City Under the Sea	1965
publication date	The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker is an American romantic comedy-drama film released in 1971, based on a novel by Charles Webb.	The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker	1971
publication date	The Chronicles of Evil (Hangul: 악의 연대기; RR: Akui Yeondaegi) is a 2015 South Korean thriller film written and directed by Beak Woon-hak (or Baek Woon-hak), starring Son Hyun-joo, Ma Dong-seok, Choi Daniel and Park Seo-joon.	The Chronicles of Evil	2015
publication date	Indina Bharatha (Kannada: ಇಂದಿನ ಭಾರತ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada film, directed by T Krishna.	Indina Bharatha	1984
publication date	No Mercy for the Rude (Hangul: 예의없는 것들; RR: Yeui-eomneun Geotdeul) is a 2006 South Korean film.	No Mercy for the Rude	2006
publication date	Four Faces of God is a 2002 film directed by Anthony Hartman.	Four Faces of God	2002
publication date	Tricking the Government is a 1914 American silent film produced by Sid Films and distributed by Warner's Features.	Tricking the Government	1914
publication date	It was released on 23 March 2007 during the 2007 Cricket World Cup, which is a similar launch tactic used by Codemasters for the release of Brian Lara International Cricket 2005, which was launched on the first day of the 2005 Ashes series.	Brian Lara International Cricket 2005	23 March 2007
publication date	America's Heart and Soul is a 2004 film produced by Blacklight Films and released by Walt Disney Pictures.	America's Heart and Soul	2004
publication date	Few Options (aka Few Options, All Bad) is a 2011 American feature-length crime drama written and directed by George Pappy.	Few Options	2011
publication date	Emoh Ruo is a 1985 Australian comedy film about a young couple finally move from a caravan into their first dream home only to find they have bought a real turkey.	Emoh Ruo	1985
publication date	Strange Friends (Chinese: 陌生的朋友; pinyin: Mò shēng de péng yǒu) is a 1982 Chinese film directed by Xu Lei.	Strange Friends	1982
publication date	The Practice and Theory of Individual Psychology is a work on psychology by Dr. Alfred Adler, first published in 1927.	The Practice and Theory of Individual Psychology	1927
publication date	Love's Everlasting Courage is a 2011 Christian-Drama television film that premiered October 1, 2011 and is the second prequel of the Love Saga series of Hallmark Channel movies, which begins with Love Comes Softly and depicts life in the mid-to-late 19th century.	Love's Everlasting Courage	2011
publication date	Tears of the Sun is a 2003 American action war drama film depicting a U.S. Navy SEAL team rescue mission amidst the civil war in Nigeria.	Tears of the Sun	2003
publication date	Ivanuku Thannila Gandam (English: He Has Bad Luck With Water / He Has Problems With Liquor) is an Indian Tamil comedy directed by S. N. Shaktevel on his debut which released on 13 March 2015.	Ivanuku Thannila Gandam	13 March 2015
publication date	TNK III (titled T.A.N.K. in Japan and on some computer releases) is a 1985 top-view shoot-'em-up arcade game by SNK.	TNK III	1985
publication date	Terry of the Times is a 1930 Universal film serial.	Terry of the Times	1930
publication date	IOWA premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 22, 2005.	IOWA	2005
publication date	Mazhathullikkilukkam is a 2002 Malayalam film directed by Akbar -Jose.	Mazhathullikkilukkam	2002
publication date	Sembene! is a 2015 documentary film focusing on the life of Senegalese filmmaker Ousmane Sembène, who is considered to be the father of African cinema.	Sembene!	2015
publication date	Pkah Thgall Meas (Khmer: ផ្កាថ្កុលមាស) is a 1975 Cambodian drama film.	Pkah Thgall Meas	1975
publication date	Kyu-chan no Dekkai Yume/Kyu-chan's Big dream (九ちゃんのでっかい夢) is a 1967 Japanese comedy film by film director Yoji Yamada.	Kyu-chan no Dekkai Yume	1967
publication date	Mr. Vampire III, also known as Mr. Vampire Part 3, is a 1987 Hong Kong comedy horror film directed by Ricky Lau and produced by Sammo Hung.	Mr. Vampire III	1987
publication date	It All Goes to Show is a 1969 British short comedy film.	It All Goes to Show	1969
publication date	The Men with Blue Dots (mon. Хөх толбот хүмүүс, latin script ``Hoh Tolbot Humuus'') is a Mongolian 2011 movie drama directed by Dorjsuren Shadav.	The Men with Blue Dots	2011
publication date	A shorter version of the novel was serialized in If magazine as ``The Felled Star'' (July and August 1967) and ``The Fabulous Riverboat'' (June and August 1971).	The Fabulous Riverboat	1971
publication date	Meghasangeetham is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by Ajayan Thoppil Bhasi and starring Murali and Sreelekshmi in the lead roles.	Meghasangeetham	1996
publication date	El muro del silencio (``The Wall of Silence'') is a 1974 Mexican film starring Brontis Jodorowsky as Daniel.	El muro del silencio	1974
publication date	Der Wixxer (English: The Trixxer; refers to German ``Wichser'', wanker) is a 2004 German parody of likewise German crime films based on works by Edgar Wallace, especially the film Der Hexer (1964) - a German adaption of The Ringer.	Der Wixxer	2004
publication date	Rasikkum Seemane is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language thriller film written and directed by R. K. Vidhyadaran.	Rasikkum Seemane	2010
publication date	Aarodum Parayaruthu is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by AJ Rojas.	Aarodum Parayaruthu	1985
publication date	C/O Sir (``Care of Sir'') is a 2013 Indian Bengali romantic thriller film directed by Kaushik Ganguly and produced by Jaspreet Kaur.	C/O Sir	2013
publication date	U R My Jaan (English: You Are My Sweetheart) is a Hindi romantic film and a remake of 1990's movie 'Pretty Woman' (starring Richard Gere, Julia Roberts and Jason Alexander), released worldwide on 23 September 2011.	U R My Jaan	2011
publication date	An Education is a 2009 coming-of-age drama film, based on a memoir of the same name by British journalist Lynn Barber.	An Education	2009
publication date	Woh Koi Aur Hoga is a 1967 Bollywood film...	Woh Koi Aur Hoga	1967
publication date	Victoire Terminus is a French 2008 documentary film about women's boxing in Kinshasa.	Victoire Terminus	2008
publication date	The Apostate (Spanish: El apóstata) is a 2015 Uruguayan-Spanish drama film directed by Federico Veiroj.	The Apostate	2015
publication date	The Dognapper is a 1934 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists.	The Dognapper	1934
publication date	``Violently Happy'' is a song by Icelandic singer Björk, released as the fifth and final single from her album Debut in 1994.	Violently Happy	1994
publication date	Dus Lakh (English: Ten Lakhs or One Million) is a Hindi comedy film released in 1966.	Dus Lakh	1966
publication date	The Twentieth Century Approaches (Russian: Двадцатый век начинается) is a 1986 Soviet film adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's stories about Sherlock Holmes.	The Twentieth Century Approaches	1986
publication date	Adventures in Voice Acting is a 2008 documentary DVD produced by Bang Zoom!	Adventures in Voice Acting	2008
publication date	Heroes All is a 1920 American World War I documentary film that was released by the American Red Cross.	Heroes All	1920
publication date	One Hundred Years of Evil is a 2010 comedy film taking the form of a documentary positing the possibility that Adolf Hitler did not die at the end of World War II in 1945.	One Hundred Years of Evil	2010
publication date	The Devil and LeRoy Bassett is a 1973 modern-day western adventure.	The Devil and LeRoy Bassett	1973
publication date	These Girls is a 2005 film by John Hazlett, based upon the play of the same name by Vivienne Laxdal.	These Girls	2005
publication date	Short Working Day was filmed in 1981, but had its official premiere on television only in 1996.	Short Working Day	1981
publication date	Lady on the Bus (originally known as A Dama do Lotação) is a 1978 Brazilian erotic drama film directed by Neville De Almeida.	Lady on the Bus	1978
publication date	In 2001, Showtime produced a successful film adaptation of My Louisiana Sky, starring Kelsey Keel as Tiger Ann Parker, Amelia Campbell as Corinna Ramsey Parker, Chris Owens as Lonnie Parker, Michael Cera as Jesse Wade, Shirley Knight as grandmother, and Juliette Lewis as Aunt Dorie Kay.	My Louisiana Sky	2001
publication date	Dead in Tombstone is a 2013 American direct-to-video action-horror western film produced by Universal 1440 Entertainment.	Dead in Tombstone	2013
publication date	Abachurina Post Office (Kannada: ಅಬಚೂರಿನ ಪೋಸ್ಟಾಫೀಸು) is a 1973 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by N. Lakshminarayan, based on a short story of the same name written by Poornachandra Tejaswi.	Abachurina Post Office	1973
publication date	We Dreamed America is a 2008 documentary film, directed by Alex Walker, that delves deep into the dark recesses of the British music scene.	We Dreamed America	2008
publication date	Millions of Years Ahead of Man (German: Um Jahrmillionen voraus) is a 1975 West German short documentary film about Leafcutter ants, produced by Manfred Baier for BASF.	Millions of Years Ahead of Man	1975
publication date	Guddu (Hindi: गुड्डु, Urdu: گُڈو ‎) is a 1995 Bollywood romance film written by Abrar Alvi and directed by Prem Lalwani.	Guddu	1995
publication date	Deool Band is a 2015 Drama, Thriller Marathi language film that was directed by Pravin Vitthal Tarde & Pranit Kulkarni.	Deool Band	2015
publication date	Channels of Rage (Hebrew: ערוצים של זעם‎) is a 2003 documentary film by Anat Halachmi.	Channels of Rage	2003
publication date	15 till Midnight is a 2010 science fiction film directed by Wolfgang Meyer, written by Brandon Slagle who also stars in the film.	15 till Midnight	2010
publication date	Wreaths at the Foot of the Mountain (Chinese: 高山下的花环; pinyin: Gāo shān xià de huā huán) is a 1984 Chinese film about the life of the soldiers in a PLA army company before, during and after the Sino-Vietnamese War.	Wreaths at the Foot of the Mountain	1984
publication date	Following an announcement by Japanese HDTV broadcasters that they would start broadcasting programs with the copy-once broadcast flag starting with 2004-04-05, a distributed Cryptomeria cipher brute force cracking effort was launched on 2003-12-21.	Cryptomeria cipher	2003
publication date	Adaikalam is a 2006 Tamil family drama film directed by Bhuvanaraja and produced by N. Sri Narayanathas for Kaladas Creations.	Adaikalam	2006
publication date	Mr. Jingles is a 2006 American horror film directed by Tommy Brunswick and written by Todd Brunswick.	Mr. Jingles	2006
publication date	Just Broke Up (Greek: Μόλις Χώρισα/Molis horisa) is a 2008 Greek comedy film directed by Vassilis Myrianthopoulos, starring Zeta Makripoulia and Giannis Tsimitselis.	Just Broke Up	2008
publication date	Jumping All Over the World is the thirteenth studio album by German eurodance group Scooter, released in Germany in 2007.	Jumping All Over the World	2007
publication date	The Canned Film Festival is a comedy-based motion picture television series that was nationally syndicated during the late night hours in the United States for a single season in the summer of 1986.	Canned Film Festival	1986
publication date	Who's Nailin' Paylin? is an American satirical pornographic film released on November 4, 2008, that satirizes former U.S. vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin.	Who's Nailin' Paylin?	2008
publication date	Confessions of a Foyer Girl is a 1978 short film created by Aardman Animations.	Confessions of a Foyer Girl	1978
publication date	The Women on the Roof (Swedish: Kvinnorna på taket) is a 1989 Swedish film written and directed by Carl-Gustav Nykvist.	The Women on the Roof	1989
publication date	Katha Deithili Maa Ku (Odia: କଥା ଦେଇ ଥିଲି ମା କୁ) is a 2003 Oriya film directed by Himanshu Parija.	Katha Deithili Maa Ku	2003
publication date	Dream Slashers is a low-budget horror movie that was a straight to DVD release in 2007.	Dream Slashers	2007
publication date	Sutter's Gold is a 1936 fictionalized film version of the aftermath of the discovery of gold on Sutter's property, spurring the California Gold Rush of 1849.	Sutter's Gold	1936
publication date	Holiday with You is a 2012 Pernilla Wahlgren Christmas album.	Holiday with You	2012
publication date	Malaikat Tanpa Sayap (English translation: Angel Without Wings), is an Indonesian drama film which released on February 9, 2012, which directed by Rako Prijanto.	Malaikat Tanpa Sayap	2012
publication date	P-047, also known as Tae Peang Phu Deaw (Thai: แต่เพียงผู้เดียว), is a 2011 Thai drama film, directed by Kongdej Jaturanrasmee, that premiered at the 2011 Venice Film Festival.	P-047	2011
publication date	Diplomaniacs is a 1933 American Pre-Code film starring Wheeler and Woolsey.	Diplomaniacs	1933
publication date	Perfect High is a 2015 drama film produced by Lifetime and starring Bella Thorne, Israel Broussard, Daniella Bobadilla, and Ross Butler.	Perfect High	2015
publication date	Camera Thrills is a 1935 American short film produced by Charles E. Ford.	Camera Thrills	1935
publication date	Tjioeng Wanara ((tʃiˈuŋ waˈnara); Perfected Spelling: Ciung Wanara) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia) directed and produced by Jo Eng Sek.	Tjioeng Wanara	1941
publication date	Chuye Dile Mon is a 2015 Bangladeshi romantic drama, produced by Asiatic Ddhoni-Chitra Limited & Monforing Limited.	Chuye Dile Mon	2015
publication date	Yeshwant is a 1997 Bollywood crime film directed by Anil Mattoo, produced by Vijay K. Ranglani.	Yeshwant	1997
publication date	The Adjutant of His Excellency (Russian: Адъютант его превосходительства) is a Soviet television mini-series which was produced in 1969 and is set during the Russian civil war.	The Adjutant of His Excellency	1969
publication date	T.A.M.I. Show is a 1964 concert film released by American International Pictures.	T.A.M.I. Show	1964
publication date	Flower in the Gun Barrel is a 2008 documentary film focusing on the process of reconciliation and forgiveness in post-genocide Rwanda.	Flower in the Gun Barrel	2008
publication date	The House That Would Not Die is a 1970 American made-for-television horror film starring Barbara Stanwyck (in her television film debut), Richard Egan, Michael Anderson, Jr. and Kitty Winn which premiered as the ABC Movie of the Week on October 27, 1970.	The House That Would Not Die	1970
publication date	Ponterosa is a 2001 Finnish comedy film directed by brothers Mika and Pasi Kemmo.	Ponterosa	2001
publication date	O, Brazen Age is a Canadian dramatic film, completed in 2015.	O, Brazen Age	2015
publication date	The Thirteenth Guest is a 1932 American Pre-Code mystery comedy thriller film, released on August 9, 1932.	The Thirteenth Guest	1932
publication date	Nån som du is a song written by Sonja Aldén, Bobby Ljunggren and Henrik Wikström, and recorded by Sonja Aldén on her 2008 album Under mitt tak.	Nån som du	2008
publication date	Orr Eravuu (Tamil: ஓர் இரவு; English: One night) is a 2010 Tamil independent horror film directed by 3 debutants, Hari Shankar, Hareesh Narayan and Krishna Sekhar.	Orr Eravuu	2010
publication date	The Sealed Room is an eleven-minute film released in 1909.	The Sealed Room	1909
publication date	More than Puppy Love is a 2002 American family film directed by Tom Whitus and starring Pamela Bach and Diane Ladd.	More than Puppy Love	2002
publication date	In 1954 the first film was called ``Ma Liang and his Magic Brush'' (Chinese: 神笔马良).	Magic Brush	1954
publication date	Pták Rosomák is the second album of Czech band Olympic published in 1969 at Supraphon.	Pták Rosomák	1969
publication date	Windstruck (Hangul: 내 여자친구를 소개합니다; lit. ``Let me introduce (you to) my girlfriend'') is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy.	Windstruck	2004
publication date	A Chef in Love, (Georgian: შეყვარებული კულინარის 1001 რეცეპტი / Shekvarebuli kulinaris ataserti retsepti) is a 1996 Georgian film directed by Nana Dzhordzhadze.	A Chef in Love	1996
publication date	Mo Duniya Tu Hi Tu is an Oriya drama and romance film released on 11 January 2013.	Mo Duniya Tu Hi Tu	2013
publication date	Karroll's Christmas is a 2004 Christmas comedy television film from A & E.	Karroll's Christmas	2004
publication date	Reflections on a Crime (AKA Reflections in the Dark) is a 1994 American prison thriller written and directed by Jon Purdy.	Reflections on a Crime	1994
publication date	Khawnglung Run (English: The Massacre of Khawnglung or The Raid of Khawnglung) is a 2012 Mizo-language Action Romantic epic film directed by Mapuia Chawngthu based on true events of the historical massacre of Khawnglung during 1856-1859.	Khawnglung Run	2012
publication date	Insadong Scandal (Hangul: 인사동 스캔들; RR: Insadong Seukaendeul) is a 2009 South Korean film about a cold-hearted mogul who hires a group of art restoration experts to steal a Joseon dynasty masterpiece.	Insadong Scandal	2009
publication date	Hello Naan Pei Pesuren (English: Hello, This is ghost speaking) is a 2016 Indian horror comedy film written and directed by S. Baskar and produced by Sundar C., under the banner Avni Cine Makers.	Hello Naan Pei Pesuren	2016
publication date	The Stranger Within is a 1974 American science fiction made-for-television film that premiered as the ABC Movie of the Week on October 1, 1974.	The Stranger Within	1974
publication date	The Milpitas Monster is a horror/sci-fi/thriller film created in 1973-1976, directed by Robert L. Burrill.	The Milpitas Monster	1976
publication date	Buddy's Adventures is an American animated short film, released November 17, 1934 (though one source gives March 5, 1935, as a date.)	Buddy's Adventures	1934
publication date	Jwala Mohini (Kannada: ಜ್ವಾಲಾ ಮೋಹಿನಿ) is a 1973 Indian Kannada film, directed by S. N. Singh.	Jwala Mohini	1973
publication date	Love in Paris (released as Another 9½ Weeks in the United States) is a romance/drama film released in 1997, a sequel to 1986's 9½ Weeks.	Love in Paris	1997
publication date	Munarivippu (English:'Pre-announcement') is a 1993 Tamil language film directed by Bhuvan.	Munarivippu	1993
publication date	King Jack is an 2015 American adventure drama film directed and written by Felix Thompson.	King Jack	2015
publication date	Revak the Rebel (AKA: The Barbarians, AKA: Rivak the Barbarian) is a 1960 film set in Iberia in the days leading up to the outbreak of the Second Punic War.	Revak the Rebel	1960
publication date	Jhing Chik Jhing is a 2010 Marathi-language film directed by Nitin Nandan and produced by Cogito Entertainment Private Limited.	Jhing Chik Jhing	2010
publication date	Cheenti Cheenti Bang Bang (Hindi: चींटी चींटी बैंग बैंग) is a 2008 Indian animated comedy film directed by R D Mallik.	Cheenti Cheenti Bang Bang	2008
publication date	Last Days of the Maya, released to DVD under the title Royal Maya Massacre, is a 2005 television documentary film in the television series Explorer, which currently airs on the National Geographic Channel.	Last Days of the Maya	2005
publication date	According to Greta (also known as ``Surviving Summer'') is a 2009 American independent drama film directed by Nancy Bardawil.	According to Greta	2009
publication date	Kalitharu Henne (Kannada: ಕಲಿತರೂ ಹೆಣ್ಣೇ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by N C Rajan and produced by Jaya Balakrishna.	Kalitharu Henne	1963
publication date	The Killbillies is a 2002 Australian comedy horror film directed by Duke Hendrix and distributed by Crypt Keeper Films.	The Killbillies	2002
publication date	Kucch Luv Jaisaa (Hindi: कुछ लव जैस) is a 2011 Indian film.	Kucch Luv Jaisaa	2011
publication date	Shani Prabhava (Kannada: ಶನಿ ಪ್ರಭಾವ )is a 1977 black and white Kannada film directed by Ratnakar-Madhu and starring actors Vishnuvardhan and Bhavani.	Shani Prabhava	1977
publication date	All for Mary is a 1955 British comedy film brought to the screen by Paul Soskin Productions for The Rank Organisation.	All for Mary	1955
publication date	The Sony Ericsson W980 is a clamshell model phone that was released on 10 February 2008.	Sony Ericsson W980	10 February 2008
publication date	Kaanch Ki Deewar (Hindi: कांच की दीवार; English: Walls of glass) is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film directed by M.N. Yasin and produced by Kamal Chowdhary.	Kaanch Ki Deewar	1986
publication date	Secret Room is a 2013 Nigerian direct-to-video Thriller film directed by Eneaji Chris Eneng starring OC Ukeje, Jide Kosoko, Linda Ejiofor and Lilian Esoro.	Secret Room	2013
publication date	Codename MAT is a video game published in 1984 by Micromega for the ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC.	Codename MAT	1984
publication date	Black Water Vampire (also known as The Black Water Vampire) is a 2014 found footage horror film that was directed and written by Evan Tramel.	Black Water Vampire	2014
publication date	Bunker Hill Bunny is a 1949 Warner Brothers Merrie Melodies theatrical cartoon short, released in 1950 and starring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam as a Hessian Mercenary in the American Revolution.	Bunker Hill Bunny	1950
publication date	The Chances of the World Changing is a 2006 documentary film about Richard Ogust's efforts to save endangered turtle species from extinction.	The Chances of the World Changing	2006
publication date	Hit and Runway is a 1999 American comedy film directed by Christopher Livingston.	Hit and Runway	1999
publication date	All You Need Is Pag-Ibig (lit. ``All You Need is Love'') is a 2015 Filipino romantic-comedy film released by Star Cinema as their official entry to 2015 Metro Manila Film Festival.	All You Need Is Pag-Ibig	2015
publication date	Dude Cowboy is a 1941 American film about a federal agent, Terry McVey, who goes undercover as a cowboy staying at the Silver Bar Dude Ranch to investigate the disappearance of Frank Adams, a noted engraver, which is possibly connected to a counterfeit money case.	Dude Cowboy	1941
publication date	Welcome to Dongmakgol (Hangul: 웰컴 투 동막골; RR: Welkeom tu dongmakgol) is a 2005 South Korean film.	Welcome to Dongmakgol	2005
publication date	Toña, nacida virgen (Del oficio) (``Toña, Born a Virgin (The Office)'') is a 1982 Mexican film.	Toña, nacida virgen (Del oficio)	1982
publication date	The Inbetweeners 2 is a 2014 British comedy film and sequel to The Inbetweeners Movie (2011), which is based on the E4 sitcom The Inbetweeners.	The Inbetweeners 2	2014
publication date	Bigger, Stronger, Faster* is a 2008 documentary film directed by Christopher Bell, about the use of anabolic steroids as performance-enhancing drugs in the United States and how this practice relates to the American Dream.	Bigger, Stronger, Faster*	2008
publication date	Charles Darwin and the Tree of Life is a 2009 television documentary about Charles Darwin and his revolutionary theory of evolution through natural selection, produced by the BBC to mark the bicentenary of Darwin's birth.	Charles Darwin and the Tree of Life	2009
publication date	Saade Maade Teen (Marathi: साडे माडे तीन) is a 2006 Marathi comedy movie.	Saade Maade Teen	2006
publication date	Apache Strike is a 3D helicopter game first developed for the Apple Macintosh in 1987.	Apache Strike	1987
publication date	Six Thinking Hats (1985) ISBN 0-316-17831-4	Six Thinking Hats	1985
publication date	G-Sale is a 2003 mockumentary film about garage sales and the people who are obsessed by them.	G-Sale	2003
publication date	Oh Iboe (Perfected Spelling: Oh Ibu; literally Oh Mother) is a 1938 film from the Dutch East Indies.	Oh Iboe	1938
publication date	Bilut is a 2006 Malaysian historical film written by Tengku Adrian Ismail (TAd) and directed by Badaruddin Azmi (Bade Hj Azmi).	Bilut	2006
publication date	Porky Chops is a Looney Tunes cartoon starring Porky Pig, directed by Arthur Davis and released on February 12, 1949.	Porky Chops	1949
publication date	The Color of Fame (Spanish: El tinte de la fama) is a 2008 Venezuelan drama film about a Marilyn Monroe poser and a transsexual who believes to be her reincarnation.	The Color of Fame	2008
publication date	Zynga published Clay Jam on November 29, 2012, for iOS and Android as its first claymation title.	Clay Jam	2012
publication date	Naache Mayuri is a 1986 dance biographical Hindi film directed by T. Rama Rao .	Naache Mayuri	1986
publication date	Barbie as the Princess and the Pauper is a 2004 direct-to-video computer animated Barbie film, and the first musical in the Barbie film series.	Barbie as the Princess and the Pauper	2004
publication date	Beavis and Butt-Head Do America is a 1996 American animated road comedy film, based on the TV series Beavis and Butt-Head.	Beavis and Butt-Head Do America	1996
publication date	Second to Die is a thriller film released in 2002.	Second to Die	2002
publication date	Mysterium Occupation is a Belarusian military drama film, released in 2004	Mysterium Occupation	2004
publication date	The Assassination Bureau Limited (released in North America as The Assassination Bureau) is a black comedy Technicolor film made in 1969 based on an unfinished novel, The Assassination Bureau, Ltd by Jack London.	The Assassination Bureau	1969
publication date	The Dragon Painter is a 1919 English language silent romance drama film.	The Dragon Painter	1919
publication date	Going Inside a Storm (Russian: Иду на грозу, translit. Idu na grozu) is a 1965 Soviet film directed by Sergei Mikaelyan.	Going Inside a Storm	1965
publication date	Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show (2008) is an anthology edited by Edmund R. Schubert and Orson Scott Card.	Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show	2008
publication date	The Pursuit of D. B. Cooper is a 1981 film about infamous aircraft hijacker D. B. Cooper, who escaped with $200,000 after leaping from the back of a plane.	The Pursuit of D. B. Cooper	1981
publication date	Memories of Underdevelopment (Spanish: Memorias del Subdesarrollo) is a 1968 Cuban film.	Memories of Underdevelopment	1968
publication date	Artham (Malayalam: അര്‍ത്ഥം, English: The Meaning) is a 1989 Malayalam-language Indian crime drama film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Venu Nagavally.	Artham	1989
publication date	Oh Yaara Ainvayi Ainvayi Lut Gaya is a 2015 Punjabi romantic comedy film written and directed by Raj Sinha.	Oh Yaara Ainvayi Ainvayi Lut Gaya	2015
publication date	Bet, Queen of Jordan (Dutch: Bet de koningin van de Jordaan) is a 1924 Dutch silent film directed by Adrienne Solser.	Bet, Queen of Jordan	1924
publication date	Madame Aema 3 (Hangul: 애마부인 3; RR: Aema Buin 3) is a 1985 South Korean film directed by Jeong In-yeob.	Madame Aema 3	1985
publication date	Dead to the World is the first live video album by American rock band Marilyn Manson, released on February 10, 1998 on VHS, documenting the infamous tour of the same name.	Dead to the World	1998
publication date	Escala en la ciudad (A stop in the ciy) is a 1935 Argentine film directed and written by Alberto De Zavalia with Carlos Aden.	Escala en la ciudad	1935
publication date	The Tree That Remembers is a 2002 animated documentary by Iranian filmmaker Masoud Raouf, exploring the lives of former political prisoners like himself who had been active in the democratic movement during the days of the Shah of Iran, only to face imprisonment and torture under the Islamic regime after the 1979 Iranian revolution.	The Tree That Remembers	2002
publication date	Punte Parade is a 2014 Nepali film which was released on September 19, 2014.	Punte Parade	2014
publication date	The Sanatorium of the deported at Ikaria, original title in Greek ``1948 to 1949 Το Σανατοριο εξοριστων Ικαριας'' is a book written by the physician Dimitris Dalianis published in 1999 with a second edition in 2012.	The Sanatorium of the deported at Ikaria	2012
publication date	200 Cigarettes is a 1999 American ensemble comedy film directed by Risa Bramon Garcia, and written by Shana Larsen.	200 Cigarettes	1999
publication date	Supir Istimewa (``Special Chauffeur'') is a 1954 Indonesian film directed by Rempo Urip and produced by Djamaluddin Malik for the Persari Film Corporation.	Supir Istimewa	1954
publication date	The Distortion of Sound is a 2014 documentary film about the decline of sound quality for recorded music, narrated by various artists who explain the decline in the sound quality from the last two decades.	The Distortion of Sound	2014
publication date	Hunterrr is a 2015 Indian adult comedy film written and directed by Harshavardhan Kulkarni.	Hunterrr	2015
publication date	The Outside Chance of Maximilian Glick is a 1988 Canadian film based on the novel by Morley Torgov.	The Outside Chance of Maximilian Glick	1988
publication date	Fourteen at the Table (Czech:Ctrnáctý u stolu) is a 1943 Czech film directed by Oldrich Nový and Antonín Zelenka and starring Karel Höger, Ludvík Veverka and Helena Friedlová.	Fourteen at the Table	1943
publication date	Overhill is a 2013 British horror thriller film, directed by Will Hutchinson and starring Lorna Beckett.	Overhill	2013
publication date	Appointment in Tokyo is a 1945 documentary released Produced by the Army Pictorial Service, Signal Corps, with the cooperation of the Army Air Forces and the United States Navy, and released by Warner Bros. for the War Activities Committee shortly after the surrender of Japan.	Appointment in Tokyo	1945
publication date	Stratosphere Girl (also known as The Stratosphere Girl in the USA) is a 2004 film from Germany written and directed by Matthias X. Oberg.	Stratosphere Girl	2004
publication date	The Curiosity Show is an Australian educational children's television show produced from 1972 to 1990, and hosted by zoologist Rob Morrison and Dr Deane Hutton.	The Curiosity Show	1972
publication date	Do Not Fold, Spindle or Mutilate is an American television film made for the 90-minute series ABC Movie of the Week which broadcast it on November 9, 1971.	Do Not Fold, Spindle or Mutilate	1971
publication date	She's Working Her Way Through College is a 1952 American comedy film produced by Warner Bros..	She's Working Her Way Through College	1952
publication date	Dust Off the Wings is a 1997 Australian film about a young man struggling to come to terms with his impending marriage.	Dust Off the Wings	1997
publication date	A Lady of Chance is a 1928 silent film directed by Robert Z. Leonard.	A Lady of Chance	1928
publication date	Rootha Na Karo is a 1970 Bollywood romanntic thriller directed by Sunder Dar.	Rootha Na Karo	1970
publication date	Bad Milo! is a 2013 horror-comedy film written by Jacob Vaughan and Benjamin Hayes and directed by Jacob Vaughan.	Bad Milo!	2013
publication date	Polumgla, also known as Twilight, is a 2005 Russian film, directed by Artem Antonov, in his directorial debut, at the age of 26.	Polumgla	2005
publication date	3 Ninjas Knuckle Up is a 1995 American martial arts comedy film and a sequel to the films 3 Ninjas and 3 Ninjas Kick Back.	3 Ninjas Knuckle Up	1995
publication date	Kirumi (English: Germ) is a 2015 Indian Tamil-language thriller film written, directed and edited by Anucharan as his debut feature.	Kirumi	2015
publication date	Mercury Falling is the fifth studio album by Sting, released in 1996.	Mercury Falling	1996
publication date	Auto Antics is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn.	Auto Antics	1939
publication date	Das Phantom der Oper was a 1916 silent film.	Das Phantom der Oper	1916
publication date	Moonlight and Honeysuckle was a 1921 silent romantic comedy film produced and released by the Realart Company.	Moonlight and Honeysuckle	1921
publication date	Huk! is a 1956 American action film directed by John Barnwell and written by Stirling Silliphant filmed in the Philippines..	Huk!	1956
publication date	Principal Olivil is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Gopikrishna and produced by .	Principal Olivil	1985
publication date	The Crop is a 2004 Australian comedy film set during the 1980s.	The Crop	2004
publication date	Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions is a 1953 book, which explains the twenty-four basic principles or Alcoholics Anonymous and their application., and contains a detailed interpretation of principles for personal recovery and group survival.	Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions	1953
publication date	The Mahabharata Secret is the debut novel by Indian author Christopher C. Doyle and was released on 21 October 2013 by Om Books.	The Mahabharata Secret	21 October 2013
publication date	Gaon Tasa Changla Pan Veshila Tangla was a Marathi film released on 21 October 1985.	Gaon Tasa Changla Pan Veshila Tangla	1985
publication date	Faith Healer received its first performance on 5 April 1979 on Broadway in a production by José Quintero, with James Mason, Clarissa Kaye and Donal Donnelly.	Faith Healer	1979
publication date	``Fools Lullaby'' is a song recorded by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler for her ninth studio album Angel Heart (1992).	Fools Lullaby	1992
publication date	Chithariyavar (Malayalam: ചിതറിയവര്‍, English: The Shattered) is a 2004 Indian film directed by Lalji George and written by M. K. Harikumar.	Chithariyavar	2004
publication date	The Vanishing Private is a 1942 animated cartoon by the Walt Disney Studios, starring Donald Duck in the World War II years.	The Vanishing Private	1942
publication date	Chemman Chaalai (The Gravel Road) is a 2005 Malaysian feature film production directed by Deepak Kumaran Menon.	Chemman Chaalai	2005
publication date	Mermaids of Tiburon is a 1962 film about a diver looking for buried treasure who comes across mermaids.	Mermaids of Tiburon	1962
publication date	Julia Has Two Lovers is a 1991 romantic comedy-drama about a woman who takes up with a mysterious stranger after she grows tired of her current boyfriend.	Julia Has Two Lovers	1991
publication date	Troublesome Night 10 is a 2001 Hong Kong horror-comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Edmond Yuen.	Troublesome Night 10	2001
publication date	Looty is a 2001 Tamil comedy film directed by Parameswar.	Looty	2001
publication date	The Fruit Hunters is a 2012 feature documentary film about exotic fruit cultivators and preservationists.	The Fruit Hunters	2012
publication date	To Crack the Dragon Gate or Du zhang zhen long men is a 1970 Hong Kong action film directed by Fung Chi Kong in his last picture.	To Crack the Dragon Gate	1970
publication date	Dangerous Parking is a 2007 drama film based on the novel of the same name by Stuart Browne.	Dangerous Parking	2007
publication date	Madhura Swapnam is a 1982 Tollywood film based on A. J. Cronin's novel, The Citadel.	Madhura Swapnam	1982
publication date	Chakoram (English: Pheasant) is a 1994 Malayalam romantic drama film written by A. K. Lohithadas and directed by M. A. Venu.	Chakoram	1994
publication date	36 Ghante is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Raj Tilak.	36 Ghante	1974
publication date	The Relief of Belsen is a feature-length drama that was first shown on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom on 15 October 2007.	The Relief of Belsen	2007
publication date	Emaan is a 2011 Afghan action romance Drama film directed and produced by Haris Yosufi and starring Rasul Iman, Tamana Amini and Ghafar Qutbyar.	Emaan	2011
publication date	Published in 1993, the original Super Sidekicks (known as Tokuten Ou, ``Goal-Scoring King'' in Japan) was SNK's first soccer video game.	Super Sidekicks	1993
publication date	¿Quién te quiere a ti? (``Who Loves You?'') is a 1941 Mexican film.	¿Quién te quiere a ti?	1941
publication date	Self Helpless is a 2010 independent film.	Self Helpless	2010
publication date	Love Comes Softly is a 2003 Christian drama television movie set in the 19th century, based on a series of books by Janette Oke.	Love Comes Softly	2003
publication date	Aadukalam (English: Arena) is a 2011 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Vetrimaran.	Aadukalam	2011
publication date	Wings on Her Shoulder is a 10-minute 1943 Canadian documentary film, made by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as part of the NFB's The World in Action series.	Wings on Her Shoulder	1943
publication date	Carry on, Sergeant! is a 1928 Canadian war drama film filmed in Hollywood North.	Carry on, Sergeant!	1928
publication date	The Hot Potato is a comedy crime thriller film from 2011.	The Hot Potato	2011
publication date	The Night Digger is a 1971 British thriller film that was based on the novel Nest in a Fallen Tree by Joy Cowley.	The Night Digger	1971
publication date	Astro Fighter is a two-dimensional, space shoot 'em up arcade game released in 1980.	Astro Fighter	1980
publication date	The Other Side of AIDS is a 2004 documentary film by Robin Scovill.	The Other Side of AIDS	2004
publication date	Father Gets Untangled (Spanish Papá se desenreda) is a 1940 Mexican film.	Father Gets Untangled	1940
publication date	The Cost of Love is a 2010 gay-themed film by Carl Medland, his debut long feature released by Discovery Films UK.	The Cost of Love	2010
publication date	Kasidre Kailasa (Kannada: ಕಾಸಿದ್ರೆ ಕೈಲಾಸ) is a 1971 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. Janakiram and produced by K Janakiram.	Kasidre Kailasa	1971
publication date	The Great Inimitable Mr. Dickens is a 1970 British television film about the life of Charles Dickens directed by Ned Sherrin and starring Anthony Hopkins, Jenny Agutter and Arthur Lowe.	The Great Inimitable Mr. Dickens	1970
publication date	Nos dicen las intocables (``We Say Untouchable'') is a 1963 Mexican film.	Nos dicen las intocables	1963
publication date	Mrityudand (The Death Sentence) is an Indian Hindi drama film released in 1997.	Mrityudand	1997
publication date	Springtime with Roo is a 2004 American direct-to-video animated film, featuring characters from Disney's Winnie-the-Pooh franchise.	Springtime with Roo	2004
publication date	Rock 'n' Roll High School Forever is a 1991 musical comedy film and sequel to the 1979 film Rock 'n' Roll High School.	Rock 'n' Roll High School Forever	1991
publication date	The Mark of the Maker is a 1991 American short documentary film about manual papermaking, produced by David McGowan.	The Mark of the Maker	1991
publication date	Air Support is the name of two distinct video games, one released in 1984 and another released in 1992.	Air Support	1992
publication date	The Bells Go Down is a black & white wartime film made by Ealing Studios in 1943.	The Bells Go Down	1943
publication date	Abdulla the Great, also known as Abdullah's Harem is a 1955 comedy film made by Misr Universal Cairo and Sphinx Films and distributed by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.	Abdulla the Great	1955
publication date	High Desert Kill is 1989 low-budget Made-for-TV movie directed by Harry Falk.	High Desert Kill	1989
publication date	Kudumba Thalaivan (Family Leader) is a 1962 Tamil language drama film directed by M. A. Thirumugam.	Kudumba Thalaivan	1962
publication date	Merry Madagascar is a Christmas special first broadcast on the NBC network on November 17, 2009, which starred the characters from the Madagascar film series.	Merry Madagascar	2009
publication date	Expecting a Miracle is a Hallmark Channel original movie that premiered Saturday, January 10, 2009.	Expecting a Miracle	2009
publication date	Cicero March is a 1966 short documentary film made by the Chicago-based production company, The Film Group.	Cicero March	1966
publication date	I complessi is a 1965 commedia all'italiana anthology film consisting of three episodes.	I complessi	1965
publication date	The sequel, The Bikini Carwash Company II, was released in 1993.	The Bikini Carwash Company	1993
publication date	The Land Unknown (1957) is a science fiction CinemaScope adventure film about a naval expedition trapped in an Antarctic jungle.	The Land Unknown	1957
publication date	The Buddy Holly Story is a 1978 biographical film which tells the life story of rock musician Buddy Holly.	The Buddy Holly Story	1978
publication date	My Dinner with Jimi is a 2003 comedy film written by Howard Kaylan, dealing with events in 1966-67 which led up to the night in 1967 when the Turtles encountered the Beatles and Kaylan had dinner with Jimi Hendrix in London, England.	My Dinner with Jimi	2003
publication date	Enter the Queen is a 1930 British short comedy film directed by Arthur Varney and starring Richard Cooper, Dora March, Chili Bouchier and Percy Walsh.	Enter the Queen	1930
publication date	Carry On Regardless was the fifth in the series of Carry On films to be made being released in 1961.	Carry On Regardless	1961
publication date	So Does an Automobile is a 1939 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Margie Hines as Betty Boop.	So Does an Automobile	1939
publication date	Tiro al piccione (internationally released as Pigeon Shoot and Pigeon Shooting) is a 1961 Italian drama film.	Tiro al piccione	1961
publication date	Off White Lies (Hebrew: אורחים לרגע‎) is a 2011 Israeli film directed by Maya Kenig in her feature film debut.	Off White Lies	2011
publication date	Super Xuxa contra Baixo Astral is a 1988 Brazilian film, directed by Anna Penido and David Sonneschein, and starring Xuxa Meneghel.	Super Xuxa contra Baixo Astral	1988
publication date	Yellow Earth (simplified Chinese: 黄土地; traditional Chinese: 黃土地; pinyin: Huáng tǔdì) is a 1984 Chinese drama film.	Yellow Earth	1984
publication date	বাঁশি/ BANSHI/ The Flute is a 2007 Bangladeshi drama film written and directed by Abu Sayeed (Film Director).	BANSHI/ The Flute	2007
publication date	The Battle for the Republic of China (Chinese: 辛亥雙十) is a 1981 Taiwanese drama film directed by Shan-hsi Ting.	The Battle for the Republic of China	1981
publication date	Zerophilia is a 2005 romantic comedy film with speculative-fiction elements directed by Academy of Motion Pictures' Student Academy Award-winning director Martin Curland and produced by Microangelo Entertainment.	Zerophilia	2005
publication date	Danger, Go Slow is a 1918 American comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and featuring Lon Chaney.	Danger, Go Slow	1918
publication date	Types of Bakuvian Bazaars (Azerbaijani: Bakı Bazarlarının Tipləri) is a 1907 Azerbaijani short documentary film directed by Vasili Amaşukeli.	Types of Bakuvian Bazaars	1907
publication date	Run a Crooked Mile is a 1969 made-for-TV thriller in which Louis Jourdan stars as Richard Stuart, an ordinary schoolteacher who, whilst on holiday, is a witness to a murder in a private secluded mansion.	Run a Crooked Mile	1969
publication date	Auntie's Portrait is a 1915 short comedy film.	Auntie's Portrait	1915
publication date	The Booze Hangs High released in 1930, is the fourth title in the Looney Tunes series and features Bosko, Warner Bros.' first cartoon character.	The Booze Hangs High	1930
publication date	Two Brothers Running is a 1988 Australian comedy film.	Two Brothers Running	1988
publication date	Docks of New Orleans is a 1948 American film featuring Roland Winters in his second appearance as Charlie Chan.	Docks of New Orleans	1948
publication date	Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya (English: And Love Happened) is a 1997 Indian Bollywood film.	Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya	1997
publication date	I Shot a Man in Vegas is a 1995 film written and directed by Keoni Waxman, and starring John Stockwell and Janeane Garofalo.	I Shot a Man in Vegas	1995
publication date	Ruth of the Range is a 1923 American adventure film serial starring Ruth Roland that was the final one to be produced by Pathe Productions' Chief of Serial Production, Wilson Gillets.	Ruth of the Range	1923
publication date	Night Without Stars is a 1951 British black and white dramatic thriller starring David Farrar, Nadia Gray and Maurice Teynac.	Night Without Stars	1951
publication date	O Homem do Futuro (lit. ``The Man from the Future'') is a 2011 Brazilian romantic comedy film directed by Cláudio Torres.	O Homem do Futuro	2011
publication date	Shibiram is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by TS Suresh Babu and starring Manoj K Jayan and Divya Unni in the lead roles.	Shibiram	1997
publication date	Darfur Now is a 2007 documentary film examining the genocide in Darfur, Sudan.	Darfur Now	2007
publication date	First published in Venice in 1499, in an elegant page layout, with refined woodcut illustrations in an Early Renaissance style, Hypnerotomachia Poliphili presents a mysterious arcane allegory in which Poliphilo pursues his love Polia through a dreamlike landscape, and is, seemingly, at last reconciled with her by the Fountain of Venus.	Hypnerotomachia Poliphili	1499
publication date	The Keys to the House (Italian title: Le chiavi di casa) is a 2004 dramatic family film based on the story Born Twice (Italian title: Nati due volte) telling the story of a young father meeting his handicapped son for the first time and attempts to forge a relationship with the teenager.	The Keys to the House	2004
publication date	Andala Rakshasi (English: A Beautiful Devil) is a 2012 Telugu romance film written and directed by Hanu Raghavapudi.	Andala Rakshasi	2012
publication date	Ten Dead Men is a 2008 thriller film and the follow-up to the cult independent film Left for Dead.	Ten Dead Men	2008
publication date	Jackass Number Two is a 2006 American reality comedy film.	Jackass Number Two	2006
publication date	Beyond My Grandfather Allende (Spanish: Allende, mi abuelo Allende) is a 2015 Chilean-Mexican documentary film directed by Marcia Tambutti Allende.	Beyond My Grandfather Allende	2015
publication date	Jericho Mansions is an 2003 independent film directed by Alberto Sciamma.	Jericho Mansions	2003
publication date	Sugamana Raagangal (Tamil: சுகமான ராகங்கள்) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film, directed by R. Sundarrajan and produced by C. M. Aruchamy and C. M. Nanjappan.	Sugamana Raagangal	1985
publication date	Monday Begins on Saturday (Russian: Понедельник начинается в субботу) is a 1965 science fiction / science fantasy novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky with illustrations by Yevgeniy Migunov.	Monday Begins on Saturday	1965
publication date	Outcasts of the City is a 1958 American drama film directed by Boris Petroff and written by Stephen Longstreet.	Outcasts of the City	1958
publication date	The Psychedelic Priest (also known as Electric Shades of Grey and Jesus Freak) is a 2001 American film produced by Allied International Films.	The Psychedelic Priest	2001
publication date	The Snake King's Grandchild (Khmer: រឿងចៅពស់កេងកង, Chaos puos keng kang, also Snaker 2 and Snake's love) is a 2006 Cambodian Romance horror film, a sequel to a 2001 film, The Snake King's Child.	The Snake King's Grandchild	2006
publication date	Biniax is a puzzle video game introduced first in 2005.	Biniax	2005
publication date	Live Today, Die Tomorrow! (Japanese: Hadaka no jukyusai) is a 1970 Japanese drama film based on the true story of Norio Nagayama.	Live Today, Die Tomorrow!	1970
publication date	Disconnect Me is a song written by Peter Boström and Tony Nilsson, and performed by Marie Serneholt at Melodifestivalen 2009.	Disconnect Me	2009
publication date	Transmorphers is a science fiction alien invasion film released direct-to-DVD on June 26, 2007.	Transmorphers	2007
publication date	The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island is a 1981 made-for-television film.	The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island	1981
publication date	Ohileshwara (Kannada: ಓಹಿಲೇಶ್ವರ) is a 1956 Kannada film directed by T.V. Singh Tagore.	Ohileshwara	1956
publication date	Batang PX or ``Fil-American kid'' in English, is a 1997 dramatic film produced by Star Cinema.	Batang PX	1997
publication date	GMO OMG is a 2013 American documentary film which takes a highly negative view towards the use of genetically modified organisms in the production of food, particularly by Monsanto.	GMO OMG	2013
publication date	Playa blanca is a 1976 Sven Ingvars studio album.	Playa blanca	1976
publication date	``Yamma, yamma'' was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Finnish by Pave Maijanen.	Yamma, yamma	1992
publication date	Maria do Mar is a 1930 Portuguese silent drama film, a docufiction, directed by Leitão de Barros.	Maria do Mar	1930
publication date	Silent Souls (Russian: Овсянки, ``The Buntings'') is a 2010 Russian film that was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 67th Venice Film Festival.	Silent Souls	2010
publication date	Yenning Amadi Likla (English: Spring And Dew) is a 2007 Manipuri celluloid film directed by Mankhonmani Mongsaba and produced by SURVI (Santibala, Sunitibala, Umabati, Saroja, Victoria and Ibemhal), under the banner of Nongin films.	Yenning Amadi Likla	2007
publication date	Babes in the Woods is a 1932 Silly Symphonies animated film.	Babes in the Woods	1932
publication date	SpongeBob's Truth or Square is a 2009 made-for-television comedy film directed by Andrew Overtoom, Alan Smart, and Tom Yasumi.	SpongeBob's Truth or Square	2009
publication date	Hafta Bandh is a 1991 film directed and produced by Harish Bhosle and produced by Deepak Balraj Vij.	Hafta Bandh	1991
publication date	Planet Minigolf is a PlayStation 3-exclusive minigolf video game that was released on the PlayStation Network on 1 June 2010.	Planet Minigolf	1 June 2010
publication date	The Kidnapping of the President is a 1980 political thriller film made by Presidential Films and Sefel Films and distributed by Crown International Pictures.	The Kidnapping of the President	1980
publication date	Evening of Roses (Chinese: 夜玫瑰; pinyin: Ya Mei Gui) is a 2009 Chinese film by Hong Kong director Ng See-Yuen.	Evening of Roses	2009
publication date	Warkill is a 1968 American drama film written and directed by Ferde Grofé Jr..	Warkill	1968
publication date	Breach in the Silence (Spanish: Brecha en el silencio) is a 2012 Venezuelan drama film directed by Luis Rodríguez and Andrés Rodríguez.	Breach in the Silence	2012
publication date	Ek Nari Ek Brahmachari (English: One Girl One Bachelor) is a 1971 Bollywood comedy film produced by P. Gangadhar Rao Jothee Navshakthee Combines on the banner, directed by K. Pratyagatma.	Ek Nari Ek Brahmachari	1971
publication date	Don't Be a Sucker! is an anti-racist propaganda film produced by the US War Department in 1947.	Don't Be a Sucker!	1947
publication date	Khoon Aur Paani (English: Blood & Water) is a 1981 Bollywood, Action film, produced by A.A.Nadiadwala on A.G.Films Pvt Ltd banner, directed by Chand.	Khoon Aur Paani	1981
publication date	Street Girls is a low budget 1975 exploitation film.	Street Girls	1975
publication date	Bewitching Attraction (Hangul: 여교수의 은밀한 매력; RR: Yeogyosu-ui eunmilhan maeryeok; lit. ``The Discreet Charm of Female Professors'') is a 2006 South Korean black comedy film.	Bewitching Attraction	2006
publication date	A Coach for Cinderella is a 1936 Technicolor animated cartoon sponsored film based on the Cinderella fairy tale.	A Coach for Cinderella	1936
publication date	Million Dollar Infield is a 1982 made-for-TV film, starring Bonnie Bedelia and Rob Reiner.	Million Dollar Infield	1982
publication date	Jupiter Ascending is a 2015 American--	Jupiter Ascending	2015
publication date	Putnanja (Kannada: ಪುಟ್ನಂಜ) is a 1995 Kannada language film directed by Ravichandran and produced by A. Narsimhan.	Putnanja	1995
publication date	In Nacht und Eis (English: ``In Night and Ice''), also called Der Untergang der Titanic (``The Sinking of the Titanic'') is a 1912 German film about the sinking of Titanic.	In Nacht und Eis	1912
publication date	Sukeban Deka The Movie (スケバン刑事) is a live action Japanese film that was released in 1987.	Sukeban Deka The Movie	1987
publication date	Lie with Me is a Canadian drama film with graphic sexual content that played at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival.	Lie with Me	2005
publication date	Different for Girls is a 1996 British/French drama film in which one of the protagonists is a transsexual woman.	Different for Girls	1996
publication date	Casper completed The LuLu Sessions in 2011.	The LuLu Sessions	2011
publication date	Wild About Hurry is a Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner released on October 10, 1959.	Wild About Hurry	1959
publication date	A New Wave is a 2006 independently produced comedy film written and directed by Jason Carvey.	A New Wave	2006
publication date	Family Flight is an American television movie that originally aired on ABC on October 25, 1972.	Family Flight	1972
publication date	Rose of Washington Square is a 1939 American musical drama film, featuring the already well-known popular song with the same title.	Rose of Washington Square	1939
publication date	Mad Professor Mariarti is a puzzle platform video game developed and published by Krisalis Software in 1990.	Mad Professor Mariarti	1990
publication date	Inside Story Special: £830,000,000 - Nick Leeson and the Fall of the House of Barings, sometimes erroneously referred to as 25 Million Pounds, is a 1996 British television documentary by filmmaker Adam Curtis.	Inside Story Special: £830,000,000 - Nick Leeson and the Fall of the House of Barings	1996
publication date	Pillars of the Sky is an American western film in Technicolor and CinemaScope, released by Universal-International on October 12, 1956.	Pillars of the Sky	1956
publication date	If You Love Your Children is a 2014 Canadian short film - depicting climate change, directed and produced by Sanjay Patel.	If You Love Your Children	2014
publication date	The Bodyguard 2 (Thai: บอดี้การ์ดหน้าเหลี่ยม 2) is a 2007 Thai action-comedy film written, directed by and starring Petchtai Wongkamlao.	The Bodyguard 2	2007
publication date	Cassette 50 (released in Spain as Galaxy 50 - 50 Excitantes Juegos) is a compilation of games published by Cascade Games Ltd in 1983, and is an early example of shovelware - computer software marketed primarily on the basis of its sheer quantity rather than other factors such as quality or playability.	Cassette 50	1983
publication date	Reserved to Fight aired on PBS nationwide in 2008, and has been broadcast in 8 countries and several film festivals.	Reserved to Fight	2008
publication date	Bing'ai (Chinese: 秉爱, also romanized Bingai) is a 2007 Chinese documentary film directed and produced by Feng Yan (冯艳).	Bing'ai	2007
publication date	God Went Surfing with the Devil is a 2010 surfing documentary directed by Alexander Klein that follows the story of a group of activists who are trying to get a shipment of 23 surfboards into the Gaza strip.	God Went Surfing with the Devil	2010
publication date	The House That Shadows Built (1931) is a short Pre-Code feature film from Paramount Pictures, made to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the studio's founding in 1912.	The House That Shadows Built	1931
publication date	Captives is a 1994 British romantic crime drama film directed by Angela Pope and written by Dublin screenwriter Frank Deasy.	Captives	1994
publication date	The Flight of the Aquanaut (1993) is a short Canadian documentary movie about an aquanaut with an atmospheric diving suit which shows the submarine world to the viewers in an entertaining way.	Flight of the Aquanaut	1993
publication date	Intelligence and the Japanese Civilian was a 1945 film produced by the US Marine Corps, to instruct Marines on how they should handle the civilian population of Japan during the post-war occupation.	Intelligence and the Japanese Civilian	1945
publication date	Boop-Oop-a-Doop is an animated short film created by the Fleischer Studios in 1932 as part of the Talkartoon series.	Boop-Oop-a-Doop	1932
publication date	White Man's Legend is a 1984 Australian TV movie about an old seaman who buys a boat.	White Man's Legend	1984
publication date	Freeing Bernie Baran made its world premiere on September 11, 2010 at the Austin Gay & Lesbian International Film Festival (aGLIFF23) with Bernie Baran and director Daniel Alexander in attendance.	Freeing Bernie Baran	2010
publication date	Bridges of Sarajevo (French: Les Ponts de Sarajevo) is a 2014 documentary anthology film exploring Sarajevo present and past, directed by thirteen different directors.	Bridges of Sarajevo	2014
publication date	Locuras, tiros y mambos is an 1951 Argentine film.	Locuras, tiros y mambos	1951
publication date	Letters to Angel (Estonian: Kirjad Inglile) is a 2010 Estonian comedy film directed by Sulev Keedus.	Letters to Angel	2010
publication date	Wild Wings is a 1966 British short documentary film directed by Patrick Carey and John Taylor and produced by British Transport Films.	Wild Wings	1966
publication date	The Chechahcos is a 1924 silent film about the gold rush days in the Klondike.	The Chechahcos	1924
publication date	Mysterious Island 2 (Chinese: 孤岛惊魂2) is a 2013 Chinese horror film directed by Rico Chung.	Mysterious Island 2	2013
publication date	Lion in the Valley is the 1986 fourth novel in a series of historical mystery novels, written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.	Lion in the Valley	1986
publication date	Aeria Games announced Twelve Sky Closed Beta on September 5, 2007.	Twelve Sky	2007
publication date	Promise the Moon is a 1997 film by Kevin Sullivan, based on the book The Four Arrows Fe-As-Ko by Randall Beth Platt.	Promise the Moon	1997
publication date	Sneham Oru Pravaaham is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Dr Shajahan.	Sneham Oru Pravaaham	1981
publication date	Athirthikal is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed by JD Thottan.	Athirthikal	1988
publication date	Ami Aadu, formerly titled Aadur Prem, is a 2011 Bengali film produced by New Theatres and directed by Somnath Gupta.	Ami Aadu	2011
publication date	Leon the Pig Farmer is a 1992 British comedy about a Jewish estate agent in London who discovers that thanks to an artificial insemination mishap, his real father owns a pig farm in Yorkshire.	Leon the Pig Farmer	1992
publication date	HoboSapiens was released by EMI in Europe on 6 October 2003, and nearly a year later in the United States by Or Music on 7 September 2004.	HoboSapiens	6 October 2003
publication date	Voyage of the Damned is a 1976 drama film, which was based on a 1974 book written by Gordon Thomas and Max Morgan-Witts with the same title.	Voyage of the Damned	1976
publication date	Vetri Selvan is a 2014 Indian Tamil thriller drama film directed by Rudhran featuring Ajmal Ameer and Radhika Apte in the lead roles.	Vetri Selvan	2014
publication date	The Questor Tapes is a 1974 television movie about an android (portrayed by Robert Foxworth) with incomplete memory tapes who is searching for his creator and his purpose.	The Questor Tapes	1974
publication date	Aerial Anarchists is a 1911 British silent science fiction film directed by Walter R. Booth.	Aerial Anarchists	1911
publication date	Red Tail Reborn is a 2007 historical documentary film by Adam White about the Commemorative Air Force's Red Tail Project.	Red Tail Reborn	2007
publication date	Shibaji (Bengali: শিবাজী ``'') (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Babu Ray.	Shibaji	2008
publication date	Aeg elada, aeg armastada is a 1976 Soviet Estonian film directed by Veljo Käsper.	Aeg elada, aeg armastada	1976
publication date	Tep Sodachan (Khmer: រឿងទិព្វសូដាច័ន្ទ) is a widely acclaimed Cambodian film released in 1968 by Van Chan Pheap Yun.	Tep Sodachan	1968
publication date	Married to Music is a 2001 biography by Margaret Campbell published by Robson Books of the British cellist Julian Lloyd Webber (with a foreword by Lady Evelyn Barbirolli).	Married to Music	2001
publication date	The Hare-Brained Hypnotist is a Bugs Bunny cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series, released on October 31, 1942.	The Hare-Brained Hypnotist	1942
publication date	Return to the Lost World is a 1992 film, a sequel to the film The Lost World, which was released the same year.	Return to the Lost World	1992
publication date	Astro Duck or The Astroduck is a 1966 Looney Tunes cartoon featuring Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales.	The Astroduck	1966
publication date	The Lost Letter (Russian: Пропа́вшая гра́мота, Propavshaya gramota), or A Disappeared Diploma, is a 1945 Soviet animated film directed by the ``grandmothers of the Russian animation'', Brumberg sisters, and Lamis Bredis.	The Lost Letter	1945
publication date	Radha Ka Sangam is a 1992 Hindi romance film directed and produced by Kirti Kumar.	Radha Ka Sangam	1992
publication date	The Soul Collector is a 1999 Christian television film.	The Soul Collector	1999
publication date	In the Firelight is a 1913 American silent short silent film directed by Thomas Ricketts and based on a poem written by Marc Edmund Jones.	In the Firelight	1913
publication date	Pleasure Pill is a short film, made in Cardiff, Wales as part of the Screen Gems scheme run by Sgrin Media Agency, HTV and the UK Film Council in 2002.	Pleasure Pill	2002
publication date	Sardar Papa Rayudu is a 1980 Telugu, fictional, historical film.	Sardar Papa Rayudu	1980
publication date	One Hundred Mornings is a 2009 post-apocalyptic Irish drama film written and directed by Conor Horgan.	One Hundred Mornings	2009
publication date	The Green Goblin's Last Stand is a 1992 fan film by Dan Poole, based on the comic book story ``The Night Gwen Stacy Died'', published by Marvel Comics in The Amazing Spider-Man #121--122.	The Green Goblin's Last Stand	1992
publication date	How to Survive a Plague is a 2012 American documentary film about the early years of the AIDS epidemic, and the efforts of ACT UP and TAG.	How to Survive a Plague	2012
publication date	Roger Clemens' MVP Baseball is a baseball video game released in North America during the years of 1991 and 1992 for the NES, Game Boy, Super NES, and Sega Genesis.	Roger Clemens' MVP Baseball	1991
publication date	The Burning Dead (also Volcano Zombies) is a 2015 American horror film directed by Rene Perez, written by Jeff Miller and Jason Ancona, and starring Tom Downey and Moniqa Plante.	The Burning Dead	2015
publication date	Sarfarosh (translation: Fervour) is a 1999 Indian action thriller-drama film.	Sarfarosh	1999
publication date	Ronal the Barbarian (Danish: Ronal barbaren) is a 2011 Danish stereoscopic computer animation feature film directed by Thorbjørn Christoffersen, Kresten Vestbjerg Andersen and Philip Einstein Lipski.	Ronal the Barbarian	2011
publication date	Before We Forget is a 2011 observational documentary film about two women with dementia, who live in an Asian society where terminal illnesses and dying remain taboo.	Before We Forget	2011
publication date	L'Esprit de Mopti (English: spirit of Mopti) is a 1999 documentary film about the city of Mopti, directed by Moussa Ouane.	L'Esprit de Mopti	1999
publication date	We Are the People We've Been Waiting For is a 2009 documentary film directed by Daryl Goodrich and produced by Caroline Rowland.	We Are the People We've Been Waiting For	2009
publication date	Libertarias (English: Libertarians) is a Spanish historical drama made in 1996.	Libertarias	1996
publication date	Santa's Apprentice (original French title L'Apprenti Père Noel) is a French-Australian-Irish animated film made by Gaumont-Alphanim (now Gaumont Animation) in 2010.	Santa's Apprentice	2010
publication date	Anpadh (Hindi: अन्पढ, Urdu: اَنپد, translation: illiterate) is a 1962 Hindi film.	Anpadh	1962
publication date	Star Wars Trilogy Arcade is an arcade game first released in 1999.	Star Wars Trilogy Arcade	1999
publication date	Vietnam Nurses is a 2005 television documentary directed by Polly Watkins.	Vietnam Nurses	2005
publication date	Being Mick is a 2001 television film which chronicles the life of Mick Jagger for one year.	Being Mick	2001
publication date	Video magazine reviewed the VCS version of Demon Attack in 1982, describing it as ``quite simply excellent'', and characterizing it as a ``true coin-op-level program''.	Demon Attack	1982
publication date	La môme vert-de-gris (French for ``The Greyish-Green Dame''), released in the USA as Poison Ivy, is a 1953 French crime film.	La môme vert-de-gris	1953
publication date	EverQuest launched with modest expectations from Sony on 16 March 1999 under its Verant Interactive brand and quickly became successful.	EverQuest	16 March 1999
publication date	Novia, Esposa y Amante (English: Girlfriend, wife and lover) is a Mexican motion picture categorized as drama and romance film released in 1980.	Novia, Esposa y Amante	1980
publication date	A New Cure for Divorce is a 1912 American silent short drama film written by Lloyd Lonergan.	A New Cure for Divorce	1912
publication date	The Dead Matter is 2010 American feature-length horror film by filmmakers Edward Douglas of Midnight Syndicate, Gary Jones, and Robert Kurtzman.	The Dead Matter	2010
publication date	She Makes Comics is a 2014 documentary film about the history of women in the comic book industry since the medium's beginnings in the early 1900s.	She Makes Comics	2014
publication date	Live at the Cavern Club is a 1999 concert film starring Paul McCartney.	Live at the Cavern Club	1999
publication date	Manavudu Danavudu (Telugu: మానవుడు - దానవుడు) is a 1972 Telugu drama film produced by p. chinnapa reddy of ushasri films and directed by P. Chandrasekhara Reddy.	Manavudu Danavudu	1972
publication date	Time's Raging is a 1985 Australian TV movie about a 38-year-old woman who wants a baby.	Time's Raging	1985
publication date	The Opry House (1929), first released on March 28, 1929, was the fifth Mickey Mouse short to be released, the second of that year.	The Opry House	1929
publication date	The Last Married Couple in America is a 1980 comedy film released in the US.	The Last Married Couple in America	1980
publication date	Jeevana Tharanga (Kannada: ಜೀವನ ತರಂಗ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by G. Bangar Raj and produced by D R Naidu.	Jeevana Tharanga	1963
publisher	The Mississippi Law Journal is a law review published at the University of Mississippi School of Law.	Mississippi Law Journal	University of Mississippi School of Law
publisher	Linguistic Inquiry is a peer-reviewed academic journal in generative linguistics published by the MIT Press since 1970.	Linguistic Inquiry	MIT Press
publisher	Stardance is a science fiction novel by Spider Robinson and Jeanne Robinson, published by Dial Press in 1979 as part of its Quantum science fiction line.	Stardance	Dial Press
publisher	God of War II is a third person action-adventure video game developed by Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCE).	God of War II	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	Dragonsbane is a fantasy novel written by author Barbara Hambly and published by Del Rey Books in 1985.	Dragonsbane	Del Rey Books
publisher	Afterwards it appeared in the collection The Wizard of Venus (Ace Books, August 1970).	The Wizard of Venus	Ace Books
publisher	Martin Heidegger, Being and Time, trans. by John Macquarrie & Edward Robinson (London: SCM Press, 1962).	Being and Time	SCM Press
publisher	Journal of Applied Non-Classical Logics is a peer reviewed journal published in the United Kingdom by Taylor & Francis.	Journal of Applied Non-Classical Logics	Taylor & Francis
publisher	Wizards and Rogues of the Realms was designed by William W. Connors, and published by TSR in 1995.	Wizards and Rogues of the Realms	TSR
publisher	Wacky Wheels is an MS-DOS arcade kart racing video game released by Apogee Software in 1994.	Wacky Wheels	Apogee Software
publisher	Journal of Employment Counseling is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association and the National Employment Counseling Association.	Journal of Employment Counseling	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Norsk Militært Tidsskrift (English: Norwegian Military Journal) is a Norwegian journal first issued in 1831, and published by Oslo Militære Samfund from 1835.	Norsk Militært Tidsskrift	Oslo Militære Samfund
publisher	Monsters of Men is a young-adult science fiction novel by Patrick Ness, published by Walker Books in May 2010.	Monsters of Men	Walker Books
publisher	Emlyn Hughes International Soccer (EHIS) is a soccer computer game first released in 1988 by Audiogenic Software Ltd..	Emlyn Hughes International Soccer	Audiogenic
publisher	The Tulane Law Review, a publication of the Tulane University Law School, was founded in 1916, and is currently published six times annually.	Tulane Law Review	Tulane University Law School
publisher	Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews (published as MMBR) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Microbiology.	Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews	American Society for Microbiology
publisher	Todd's Adventures in Slime World is a side-scrolling platform game for the Atari Lynx, Sega Mega Drive/Genesis, and PC Engine CD video game systems.	Todd's Adventures in Slime World	Atari
publisher	Medical Hypotheses is a medical journal published by Elsevier.	Medical Hypotheses	Elsevier
publisher	Tomba! was developed by Whoopee Camp and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.	Tomba!	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	High Windows is a collection of poems by English poet Philip Larkin, and was published in 1974 by Faber and Faber Limited.	High Windows	Faber and Faber
publisher	Spyborgs is a beat 'em up video game for the Wii developed by Bionic Games and published by Capcom.	Spyborgs	Capcom
publisher	Woodsmen of the West is a novel by Martin Allerdale Grainger, first published in 1908 by Edward Arnold.	Woodsmen of the West	Edward Arnold
publisher	Fossil Fighters, known in Japan as Bokura wa Kasekihoridā (ぼくらはカセキホリダー lit. ``We Are Fossil Diggers''), is a 2008 video game developed by Nintendo SPD, Red Entertainment, M2, and Artdink and published by Nintendo.	Fossil Fighters	Nintendo
publisher	Theory of Games and Economic Behavior, published in 1944 by Princeton University Press, is a book by mathematician John von Neumann and economist Oskar Morgenstern which is considered the groundbreaking text that created the interdisciplinary research field of game theory.	Theory of Games and Economic Behavior	Princeton University Press
publisher	Little House in the Big Woods is an autobiographical children's novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published by Harper in 1932 (reviewed in June).	Little House in the Big Woods	Harper
publisher	The English edition The German Lesson was published in 1986 by New Directions Publishing, New York City.	The German Lesson	New Directions Publishing
publisher	Super Bonk (released in Europe as Super B.C. Kid and in Japan as Chō Genjin) is a 1994 2D platform video game, developed by Red Company and published by Hudson Soft for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	Super Bonk	Hudson Soft
publisher	Daddy's Roommate is a children's book written by Michael Willhoite and published by Alyson Books in 1991 (ISBN 1555831184).	Daddy's Roommate	Alyson Books
publisher	Puzzle De Pon! is a puzzle video game made by the Taito Corporation in 1995.	Puzzle De Pon	Taito Corporation
publisher	Critical Reviews in Eukaryotic Gene Expression (ISSN 1045-4403) is a quarterly scientific journal published by Begell House publishing reviews on topics related to gene regulation, organization, and structure within contexts of biological control and diagnosis/treatment of disease.	Critical Reviews in Eukaryotic Gene Expression	Begell House
publisher	Long River Review is University of Connecticut's award-winning annual literary magazine/journal run by undergraduate students with the assistance of faculty staff.	Long River Review	University of Connecticut
publisher	Bioscience Horizons is published by a consortium of UK universities in partnership with Oxford University Press and was established in 2008.	Bioscience Horizons	Oxford University Press
publisher	Contemporary Family Therapy is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on family therapy, focusing on recent applied practice and developments in theory and research that is published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media.	Contemporary Family Therapy	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Complete Adventurer is a supplemental hard-cover rulebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons game system published by Wizards of the Coast.	Complete Adventurer	Wizards of the Coast
publisher	``The New Prime'' is a science fiction novelette written by Jack Vance and first published in the February 1951 issue of Worlds Beyond as ``Brain of the Galaxy''.	The New Prime	Worlds Beyond
publisher	Enter the Saint is a collection of three interconnected adventure novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in October 1930, followed by an American edition by The Crime Club in April 1931.	Enter the Saint	Hodder and Stoughton	The Crime Club
publisher	Monographs in Systematic Botany also known as Monographs in Systematic Botany from the Missouri Botanical Garden is a series of monographs relating to the study of systematic botany.	Monographs in Systematic Botany	Missouri Botanical Garden
publisher	Porky Pig's Haunted Holiday is a 1995 side-scrolling platform video game developed by Phoenix Interactive Entertainment and published by Sunsoft for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console.	Porky Pig's Haunted Holiday	Sunsoft
publisher	The Mexican Law Review is a biannual peer reviewed law journal published by the Institute for Legal Research (Instituto de Investigaciones Jurídicas) of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.	Mexican Law Review	National Autonomous University of Mexico
publisher	Chameleon Twist (カメレオンツイスト Kamereon Tsuisuto) is a platformer developed by Japan System Supply and published for the Nintendo 64 in 1997 by Sunsoft.	Chameleon Twist	Sunsoft
publisher	Volo's Guide to the Dalelands was published by TSR in 1996, and was designed by Ed Greenwood, with cover art by Cireulo Cabral and interior art by Theresa Brandon, Tony Crnkovich, Ned Dameron, and Valerie Valusek.	Volo's Guide to the Dalelands	TSR
publisher	Mystic Inn is a casual game developed by the team formerly known as Funpause, now part of Big Fish Studios, and distributed by Big Fish Games.	Mystic Inn	Big Fish Games
publisher	Entertainment and Sports Lawyer is a law review published by the Forum on the Entertainment and Sports Industries of the American Bar Association.	Entertainment and Sports Lawyer	American Bar Association
publisher	Tuan Direktur was first published as a serial (roman picisan) in Hamka's newspaper Pedoman Masjarakat before being picked up by the colony's state publisher, Balai Pustaka, in 1939.	Tuan Direktur	Balai Pustaka
publisher	Gods of Aberdeen is a novel written by Micah Nathan, published in June 2005 by Simon & Schuster.	Gods of Aberdeen	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Deakin Law Review is an Australian peer-reviewed law review published biannually by Deakin University School of Law.	Deakin Law Review	Deakin University School of Law
publisher	The Dictionary of Medieval Latin from British Sources is a lexicon of Medieval Latin, published by Oxford University Press for the British Academy, and sometimes referred to as simply the Dictionary of Medieval Latin or the Medieval Latin Dictionary.	Dictionary of Medieval Latin from British Sources	Oxford University Press	British Academy
publisher	Major League Baseball 2K12 or, in short, MLB 2K12, is a Major League Baseball licensed baseball simulation video game published by 2K Sports that was released for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo DS, Wii and Xbox 360 on March 6, 2012.	Major League Baseball 2K12	2K Sports
publisher	They Do It with Mirrors is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in 1952 under the title of Murder with Mirrors and in UK by the Collins Crime Club on 17 November that year under Christie's original title.	They Do It with Mirrors	Dodd, Mead and Company
publisher	Hulk Hogan's Main Event is a professional wrestling fighting game starring Hulk Hogan created by Panic Button and published by Majesco Entertainment for the Xbox 360.	Hulk Hogan's Main Event	Majesco Entertainment
publisher	Chuck Yeager's Air Combat, often shortened as CYAC, is a 1991 combat flight simulator video game by Electronic Arts.	Chuck Yeager's Air Combat	Electronic Arts
publisher	Battle Clash, known in Japan as Space Bazooka (スペースバズーカ), is a mecha-themed light gun shooting game produced by Nintendo and Intelligent Systems and released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992.	Battle Clash	Nintendo
publisher	Lords of Karma is a text adventure computer game that was produced by Avalon Hill (a company primarily known for board games) in 1980.	Lords of Karma	Avalon Hill
publisher	National Lampoon Art Poster Book was an American humor book that was published in large format softcover in 1975 by Harmony Books.	National Lampoon Art Poster Book	Harmony Books
publisher	Little Samson, known in Japan as Seirei Densetsu Rikkuru (聖鈴伝説リックル, Lickle: Legend of the Holy Bell), is a 1992 action platformer video game developed by Takeru and published by Taito Corporation for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	Little Samson	Taito Corporation
publisher	Courting Justice is a non-fiction book by David Boies, published in 2004 by Miramax Books.	Courting Justice	Miramax Books
publisher	Originally published in 1993, by Ace Books, it was reprinted in 2003 along with Orca in the omnibus The Book of Athyra.	Athyra	Ace Books
publisher	Published by St. Martin's Press in 2006, Eat This Book provides a firsthand look into this sometimes controversial sport.	Eat This Book	St. Martin's Press
publisher	The Journal of Nonlinear Mathematical Physics (JNMP) is a mathematical journal published by Taylor & Francis.	Journal of Nonlinear Mathematical Physics	Taylor & Francis
publisher	However, when it was later published in paperback, the publishers, HarperCollins, changed the name to The Whaleboat House after deciding that the original title was too elliptical.	The Whaleboat House	HarperCollins
publisher	In 1940, Harper reissued the volume as Uncle Tom's Children:	Uncle Tom's Children	Harper
publisher	With the twenty-fifth issue of Yummy Fur in 1991, Brown switched publishers to the Montreal-based Drawn and Quarterly, who published a collected and revised edition of The Playboy in 1992; this was the first graphic novel from the publisher.	The Playboy	Drawn and Quarterly
publisher	The Best of Stanley G. Weinbaum is a collection of science fiction stories by Stanley G. Weinbaum, published in 1974 as an original paperback by Ballantine Books.	The Best of Stanley G. Weinbaum	Ballantine Books
publisher	In February 2010, it was announced that Gladiator A.D. had secured a publisher, Sega, and had its name changed to Tournament of Legends.	Tournament of Legends	Sega
publisher	``The Cask of Amontillado'' (sometimes spelled ``The Casque of Amontillado'') is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe, first published in the November 1846 issue of Godey's Lady's Book.	The Cask of Amontillado	Godey's Lady's Book
publisher	Carrion Comfort is a science fiction/horror novel by American writer Dan Simmons, published in 1989 in hard cover by Dark Harvest and in 1990 in paperback by Warner Books.	Carrion Comfort	Dark Harvest
publisher	By Heresies Distressed is a science fiction novel written by David Weber and published by Tor Books.	By Heresies Distressed	Tor Books
publisher	Army Corps of Hell is an action-strategy video game developed by Entersphere and released by Square Enix for the PlayStation Vita.	Army Corps of Hell	Square Enix
publisher	Rockman EXE The Medal Operation is an arcade game in the MegaMan Battle Network sub-series of Mega Man games from Capcom.	Rockman EXE The Medal Operation	Capcom
publisher	German Studies Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal and an official publication of the German Studies Association that is published triannually.	German Studies Review	German Studies Association
publisher	Combat Flight Simulator WWII Europe Series (CFS1) is the first version of combat flight simulators from Microsoft, released November 1, 1998.	Combat Flight Simulator WWII Europe Series	Microsoft
publisher	The Journal of Adolescent & Adult Literacy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published eight times per year by Wiley-Blackwell.	Journal of Adolescent & Adult Literacy	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Lynx Casino is a 1992 game for the Atari Lynx developed by Brian A. Rice Inc. You can play Blackjack, Craps, Roulette, slots and video poker.	Lynx Casino	Atari
publisher	Quaternary International is a peer-reviewed scientific journal on Quaternary science published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Union for Quaternary Research.	Quaternary International	Elsevier
publisher	Major League Baseball 2K11 or, in short, MLB 2K11, is an MLB licensed baseball simulation video game published by 2K Sports.	Major League Baseball 2K11	2K Sports
publisher	Racing Destruction Set is a car racing and motocross computer game that was published in 1985 by Electronic Arts.	Racing Destruction Set	Electronic Arts
publisher	PLOS Computational Biology is a peer-reviewed computational biology journal established in 2005 and published by the nonprofit Public Library of Science in association with the International Society for Computational Biology.	PLOS Computational Biology	Public Library of Science	International Society for Computational Biology
publisher	Zeitschrift für anorganische und allgemeine Chemie (Journal for Inorganic and General Chemistry) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal dealing with inorganic chemistry, published by Wiley-VCH.	Zeitschrift für anorganische und allgemeine Chemie	Wiley-VCH
publisher	Analog Integrated Circuits and Signal Processing is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Springer Science+Business Media.	Analog Integrated Circuits and Signal Processing	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	After being out of print for forty years, O Presidente Negro was re-issued by the Brazilian publisher Editora Globo in March 2008, when Barack Obama's presidential campaign in the United States revived interest in the work.	O Presidente Negro	Editora Globo
publisher	The Boston College Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: B.C. L. Rev.) is an academic journal of legal scholarship and student organization at Boston College Law School.	Boston College Law Review	Boston College Law School
publisher	``The Problem of the Covered Bridge'' (1974) is a mystery short story by Edward D. Hoch which was first published in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine (Dec 1974 issue).	The Problem of the Covered Bridge	Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine
publisher	Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone, or, The Picture That Saved A Fortune, is Volume 17 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.	Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone	Grosset & Dunlap
record label	Operetta for the Theatre Organ is an album released by Leonard MacClain in 1957 on Epic Records LP record LN 3372.	Operetta for the Theatre Organ	Epic Records
record label	For Monkeys is the third album by the Swedish punk rock band Millencolin, released on April 20, 1997 in Sweden by Burning Heart Records and on May 20, 1997 in the United States by Epitaph Records.	For Monkeys	Burning Heart Records	Epitaph Records
record label	Passé le Rio Grande (Passed the Rio Grande) is the sixth studio album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1986 on Philips Records.	Passé le Rio Grande	Philips Records
record label	This Is It and I Am It and You Are It and So Is That and He Is It and She Is It and It Is It and That Is That is the second album by Marnie Stern, it was released on October 7, 2008 on Kill Rock Stars.	This Is It and I Am It and You Are It and So Is That and He Is It and She Is It and It Is It and That Is That	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Freedom Bondage is an album by Zeni Geva released in August 1995 via Alternative Tentacles.	Freedom Bondage	Alternative Tentacles
record label	Ten Small Paces is the third studio album by American indie rock duo Ida, released in 1997 on Simple Machines Records.	Ten Small Paces	Simple Machines
record label	Going for the One is the eighth studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes, released on 7 July 1977 on Atlantic Records.	Going for the One	Atlantic Records
record label	Good in the Face of a Stranger is the fifth studio album by Australian rock musician Alex Lloyd, released through Inertia on 1 November 2008.	Good in the Face of a Stranger	Inertia
record label	Sighs Trapped by Liars is the fourth collaboration between experimental rock band Red Krayola and conceptual art group Art & Language, released on September 17, 2007 through Drag City.	Sighs Trapped by Liars	Drag City
record label	When Sweet Sleep Returned is the third studio album by American psychedelic rock band Assemble Head in Sunburst Sound, released in April 2009 on Tee Pee Records.	When Sweet Sleep Returned	Tee Pee Records
record label	By the time that the song was re-recorded in September 1965, during the recording sessions for The Byrds' second Columbia Records' album, its title had been changed to ``It Won't Be Wrong''.	It Won't Be Wrong	Columbia Records
record label	Tristesse Hivernale is a demo by black metal Neige-led band Alcest, released in 2001 on Drakkar Productions.	Tristesse Hivernale	Drakkar Productions
record label	Dawn Escapes is the second album by Christian rock band Falling Up released in 2005 on the Tooth & Nail Records imprint, BEC Recordings.	Dawn Escapes	BEC Recordings
record label	Passion and Warfare is the second studio album by guitarist Steve Vai, released in September 1990 through Relativity and Epic Records.	Passion and Warfare	Epic Records
record label	On Stage and in the Movies is Dionne Warwick's seventh album for Scepter Records, and was recorded and released in 1967.	On Stage and in the Movies	Scepter Records
record label	Dead Relatives is the fifth full-length album by Canadian singer-songwriter Emm Gryner, released in 2000 on her independent label Dead Daisy Records.	Dead Relatives	Dead Daisy Records
record label	``We Got Hood Love'' (or simply ``Hood Love'') is a song performed by American R&B recording artist Mary J. Blige and features American singer Trey Songz.	We Got Hood Love	Mary J. Blige
record label	Gone Ain't Gone is Tim Fite's second album, his first for the ANTI- label.	Gone Ain't Gone	ANTI-
record label	Sixes & Sevens is Adam Green's fifth solo record, released by Rough Trade Records in Europe on March 7, 2008.	Sixes & Sevens	Rough Trade Records
record label	Who Else! is the seventh studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck, released on 16 March 1999 through Epic Records.	Who Else!	Epic Records
record label	Looks Like a Job For... is the fifth album by emcee Big Daddy Kane, released in 1993 on Cold Chillin' Records.	Looks Like a Job For...	Cold Chillin' Records
record label	It was released on 10 November 2003 through Island Records as the lead single from Busted's second studio album A Present for Everyone (2004) ``Crashed the Wedding'' became Busted's second single to reach number one on the UK Singles Chart, with first week sales of 55,000.	Crashed the Wedding	Island Records
record label	For Justice and Development (Somali: Ururka Caddaalada iyo Daryeelka; UCID, Arabic: حزب العدالة والتنمية‎), also known as the Justice and Welfare Party, is a political party in Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.	For Justice and Development	political party
record label	Title TK was released on May 20--21, 2002, on labels including 4AD (the United Kingdom), Elektra Records (the United States), V2 Records (Belgium), Virgin Records (France), and P-Vine Records (Japan).	Title TK	4AD
record label	Let My Children Hear Music is an album released by Columbia Records in 1972 of music by composer Charles Mingus, produced by Teo Macero.	Let My Children Hear Music	Columbia Records
record label	Trio 2000 + One is an album by jazz drummer Paul Motian released on the German Winter & Winter label.	Trio 2000 + One	Winter & Winter
record label	We Search, We Dig is the debut studio album from Christian metal band The Overseer, and it released on June 19, 2012 by Solid State Records.	We Search, We Dig	Solid State Records
record label	Partibrejkers II is the second studio album by the Serbian garage rock/punk rock band Partibrejkers, released by Jugodisk in 1988.	Partibrejkers II	Jugodisk
record label	Powerslave is the fifth studio album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 3 September 1984 on EMI in Europe and its sister label Capitol Records in North America.	Powerslave	EMI
record label	Spin This is a solo album by The Rembrandts member Danny Wilde, released by Elektra Records on April 28, 1998.	Spin This	Elektra Records
record label	Vigilante Season is the debut studio album by American rapper Max B. It was released on March 22, 2011, by Amalgam Digital.	Vigilante Season	Amalgam Digital
record label	1 fille & 4 types (meaning 1 Girl & 4 Guys) is the French-language album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released by Columbia Records on October 13, 2003.	1 fille & 4 types	Columbia Records
record label	In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 is the second studio album by American rapper Jay-Z, released November 4, 1997 on Roc-A-Fella Records.	In My Lifetime, Vol. 1	Roc-A-Fella Records
record label	John Barleycorn Must Die is the fourth studio album by the English rock band Traffic, released in 1970, on Island Records in the United Kingdom, and United Artists in the United States, catalogue UAS 5504.	John Barleycorn Must Die	Island Records
record label	A Blowin' Session is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin, recorded and released in 1957 on Blue Note Records.	A Blowin' Session	Blue Note Records
record label	The Donca Matic Singalongs is the second album by Norwegian big beat duo Xploding Plastix, released on Columbia Records in 2003.	The Donca Matic Singalongs	Columbia Records
record label	Social Life is the second LP by Vagrant Records recording artist Koufax.	Social Life	Vagrant Records
record label	FanMail is the third studio album by American girl group TLC, released on February 23, 1999 via Arista Records.	FanMail	Arista Records
record label	Blue Moods is 1955 album by Miles Davis, released on Charles Mingus' Debut Records label.	Blue Moods	Debut Records
record label	Zinc Alloy and the Hidden Riders of Tomorrow (subtitled A Creamed Cage in August) is the ninth studio album by Marc Bolan & T. Rex, released on 1 February 1974 by record label EMI.	Zinc Alloy and the Hidden Riders of Tomorrow	EMI
record label	Come to Where I'm From is the second official studio album by Joseph Arthur released by Real World Records on April 11, 2000.	Come to Where I'm From	Real World Records
record label	Get What You Deserve is the sixth studio album by German thrash metal band Sodom, released on 1 January 1994 by Steamhammer/SPV.	Get What You Deserve	SPV
record label	Introduced as , TVXQ released their debut Japanese single ``Stay with Me Tonight'' in April 2005 through Avex's record label Rhythm Zone.	TVXQ	Rhythm Zone
record label	Medicine Music is a studio album by Bobby McFerrin, released in 1990 through the record label EMI.	Medicine Music	EMI
record label	Joyful Jukebox Music is a compilation album by The Jackson 5 released on the Motown label in 1976.	Joyful Jukebox Music	Motown
record label	Pick a Bigger Weapon is the fifth studio album by American rap group The Coup, released April 25, 2006 on Epitaph Records.	Pick a Bigger Weapon	Epitaph Records
record label	``A Different Corner'' is a song written and performed by George Michael which was released on Epic Records (Columbia Records in the U.S.) in 1986.	A Different Corner	Columbia Records
record label	Secret Earth is the eleventh album by New Zealand noise rock band The Dead C, released on October 14, 2008 through Ba Da Bing Records.	Secret Earth	Ba Da Bing Records
record label	Raised on Whipped Cream is the debut studio album by American punk rock band Killradio, released on September 7, 2004 by Columbia Records.	Raised on Whipped Cream	Columbia Records
record label	``Too Fake'' is a single by American indie rock band Hockey, released in 2009 by Capitol Records.	Too Fake	Capitol Records
record label	EC8OR gained considerable attention in North America in 1997, when the Beastie Boys' pet-label Grand Royal Records released ``All Of Us Can Be Rich...'', a collection of earlier material on Digital Hardcore Recordings.	EC8OR	Grand Royal
record label	Blink Blink was released in America on January 15, 2002 for Def Jam Recordings and November 12, 2001 for Def Jam's German label and was written and produced by LL Cool J and Spax, with remixes made by DJ Brisk Fingaz and DJ Friction.	Blink Blink	Def Jam Recordings
record label	The Curse is a free 7-inch extended play by the grindcore band Napalm Death, included in the initial copies of the From Enslavement to Obliteration LP, which was released through Earache Records in September 1988.	From Enslavement to Obliteration	Earache Records
record label	UB44 is the third album by UB40, released on the DEP International label in 1982.	UB44	DEP International
record label	Emotional Rain is the seventh studio album by singer Lee Aaron, released on August 3, 1994 through A&M Records (Canada) and in 1995 through Koch Entertainment (Europe); it was later reissued in 2004 through Solid Gold Records.	Emotional Rain	A&M Records
record label	Your Blues is the sixth studio album by Destroyer, released on March 9, 2004 by Merge Records.	Your Blues	Merge Records
record label	``A Breathtaking Guy'' is a 1963 song written and produced by Smokey Robinson and released first by Motown singing group The Supremes (1963) and later by The Marvelettes (1971).	A Breathtaking Guy	Motown
record label	Originally released as two separate studio albums on Zappa Records, the project was later remastered and reissued as a triple album box set, Joe's Garage, Acts I, II & III, in 1987.	Joe's Garage	Zappa Records
record label	Ever So Shy is the second General Fiasco single to be released through Infectious Records, from the debut album, Buildings.	Ever So Shy	Infectious Records
record label	Four Cornered Night is the second full-length album by American rock band Jets to Brazil, released August 29, 2000 on Jade Tree Records.	Four Cornered Night	Jade Tree
record label	On August 2, 2012, it was announced that future pressings of My Roaring 20's would be released by Asian Man Records.	My Roaring 20's	Asian Man Records
record label	Merry Christmas with Love is Clay Aiken's first Christmas album, released by RCA Records on November 16, 2004.	Merry Christmas with Love	RCA Records
record label	Kish Kash is the third studio album by English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx, released in October 2003 by record labels XL and Astralwerks.	Kish Kash	Astralwerks
record label	The 7`` Mix of ''The Jam Was Moving`` (featuring additional guitars during the intro) appears on the Chrysalis Records/EMI compilation Most of All - The Best of Deborah Harry.	The Jam Was Moving	Chrysalis Records
record label	In May 2007, ``I'm Feelin' U'' was released also on single on Soulfuric Recordings with four remixes, of which one was produced also by Ron Carroll.	I'm Feelin' U	Soulfuric Recordings
record label	Acid Tongue is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Jenny Lewis, released in September 2008 (see 2008 in music) through Warner Bros. and Rough Trade Records.	Acid Tongue	Rough Trade Records
record label	Too Dumb for New York City, Too Ugly for L.A. is an album by Waylon Jennings, released on Epic Records in 1992.	Too Dumb for New York City, Too Ugly for L.A.	Epic Records
record label	Willy and the Poor Boys is the fourth studio album by American rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival, released by Fantasy Records in November 1969, and was the last of three studio albums that the band released in that year (see 1969 in music).	Willy and the Poor Boys	Fantasy Records
record label	Lick My Decals Off, Baby is the fourth album by Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band, released in 1970 on Frank Zappa's Straight Records label.	Lick My Decals Off, Baby	Straight Records
record label	Freedom Cry is reggae artist Sizzla's fourth studio album, released November 11, 1998 on VP Records as Freedom Cry in the United States and as Kalonji in Europe.	Freedom Cry	VP Records
record label	Somebody Loan Me a Dime is a 1974 studio album by blues singer and guitarist Fenton Robinson, his debut under the Alligator Records imprint.	Somebody Loan Me a Dime	Alligator Records
record label	I Am Chipmunk is the debut album by English grime and R&B MC, Chipmunk released on 9 October 2009 by Columbia Records.	I Am Chipmunk	Columbia Records
record label	While You Can is the first studio album from American Pop singer, Lucy Woodward, released in April 2003 on Atlantic Records.	While You Can	Atlantic Records
record label	When the Penguins switched to Mercury Records, the label reissued ''Earth Angel`` in September 1956 with string accompaniment.	Earth Angel	Mercury Records
record label	Relentless Reckless Forever is the seventh album by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom, released on 8 March 2011 through Spinefarm Records / Universal Music/Fearless Records/Nuclear Blast Records.	Relentless Reckless Forever	Spinefarm Records	Fearless Records	Nuclear Blast
record label	(Rating: 2.5/5 stars) LAist.com - ``Their release, Granddance, on LA's Dangerbird Records, is 11 tracks of well-crafted quirkiness.''	Granddance	Dangerbird Records
record label	The Flame Within is Stream of Passion's second studio album released on May 27, 2009, by Napalm Records.	The Flame Within	Napalm Records
record label	In 2014, Rowland parted ways with her label, wanting a new start elsewhere and signalling the end of the Talk a Good Game era; the album was her only release under Republic Records.	Talk a Good Game	Republic Records
record label	1990-Sick is the fourth studio album by American rapper Spice 1, released December 5, 1995 on Jive Records.	1990-Sick	Jive Records
record label	Moj jedini način is Shorty's second studio album released in 2007 by Aquarius Records.	Moj jedini način	Aquarius Records
record label	We Kill Everything is the seventh album by Gwar, released in 1999 through Metal Blade Records.	We Kill Everything	Metal Blade Records
record label	I'll Sleep When You're Dead is the second full-length studio album by New York hip hop artist El-P, released on his own Definitive Jux label on March 20, 2007.	I'll Sleep When You're Dead	Definitive Jux
record label	``You're a Special Part of Me'' was a successful duet single for soul singers and Motown label mates Diana Ross & Marvin Gaye, released in 1973.	You're a Special Part of Me	Motown
record label	Greatest Hits Encore was not a compilation of Tanya Tucker's old hits, as might be perceived at first glance, but rather Capitol Records' newly re-recorded versions of Tucker's hits for her former Columbia and MCA labels, which still owned the original versions.	Greatest Hits Encore	Capitol Records
record label	How Sweet the Sound: 25 Favorite Hymns and Gospel Greats is a studio double album(courtesy of Sparrow Records) by bluegrass, country and country rock artist Charlie Daniels.	How Sweet the Sound: 25 Favorite Hymns and Gospel Greats	Sparrow Records
record label	``Sara Smile'' was the second single released from Hall & Oates' 1975 self-titled album for RCA Records.	Sara Smile	RCA Records
record label	Under the Influence of Bad People is an album by Screw 32, released in 1997 on Fat Wreck Chords.	Under the Influence of Bad People	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Tink of S.E. is the third studio album of Washington, D.C. Indie band Unrest, released on October 31, 1987 by TeenBeat Records.	Tink of S.E.	TeenBeat Records
record label	Destination Failure is the third album by the Chicago-based pop punk band the Smoking Popes, released August 26, 1997 by Capitol Records.	Destination Failure	Capitol Records
record label	The Temptations with a Lot o' Soul is the fifth studio album by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label released in 1967.	The Temptations with a Lot o' Soul	Motown
record label	Devil Hopping is the fourth studio album from British indie band Inspiral Carpets, released in 1994 via Mute Records.	Devil Hopping	Mute Records
record label	Somali African National Union (SANU) (Arabic: الاتحاد الافريقي الوطني الصومالي‎) was an early political party in Somalia.	Somali African National Union	political party
record label	Magnum Cum Louder is Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus' fourth album, the first with their new label, RCA Records having been dropped by Elektra Records following disappointing sales in the United States.	Magnum Cum Louder	RCA Records
record label	Cowboys from Hell is the major label debut and fifth overall studio album by American heavy metal band Pantera, released on July 24, 1990 through Atco Records.	Cowboys from Hell	Atco Records
record label	Forget the Night Ahead is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad, released by Fat Cat Records on 22 September 2009 in the US, and on 5 October 2009 in the UK.	Forget the Night Ahead	Fat Cat Records
record label	Constant Future is the fifth full-length release from Parts & Labor, released in 2011 on Jagjaguwar Records.	Constant Future	Jagjaguwar
record label	According to Roadrunner Records official website, a download of ``Head Crusher'' was available for 24-hours on July 7 (the availability of download ended the morning of July 8).	Head Crusher	Roadrunner Records
record label	Sumo Surprise is Ghoti Hook's debut CD on Tooth and Nail Records.	Sumo Surprise	Tooth and Nail Records
record label	GRITS 7, the musical group GRITS's Seventh CD was released on Gotee Records in 2006.	GRITS 7	Gotee Records
record label	Down on the Upside is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Soundgarden, released on May 21, 1996 through A&M Records.	Down on the Upside	A&M Records
record label	White Bread Black Beer is the fifth studio album by British post-punk/pop band Scritti Politti, released in the UK on 28 May 2006 by Rough Trade Records, and in the US on 25 July 2006 by Nonesuch Records.	White Bread Black Beer	Rough Trade Records
record label	Perdition City (subtitled Music to an Interior Film) is the fifth studio album by Norwegian collective Ulver, issued in March 2001, via Jester Records.	Perdition City	Jester Records
record label	Enjoy CCCP is a compilation album by the Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea released by Virgin Records on 1994.	Enjoy CCCP	Virgin Records
record label	Some Rainy Morning is a blues album by Robert Cray, it was released on 9 May 1995 through Mercury Records.	Some Rainy Morning	Mercury Records
record label	Likwidation is the third album by West Coast hip hop group Tha Alkaholiks, released in August 26, 1997 on Loud Records.	Likwidation	Loud Records
record label	Strictly Inc is the self-titled project album, released by Genesis keyboardist Tony Banks, and Wang Chung lead vocalist Jack Hues, in 1995 on Virgin Records.	Strictly Inc	Virgin Records
record label	Rock America by Nick Gilder was released in 1980 on the Casablanca Records label.	Rock America	Casablanca Records
record label	Feasting on Blood is the debut album by the brutal death metal band Severe Torture, released by Hammerheart Records on October 9, 2000.	Feasting on Blood	Hammerheart Records
record label	Two the Hard Way is a studio album by American singer-actress Cher and the fourth studio album by American rock singer Gregg Allman released in November 1977 by Warner Bros. Records.	Two the Hard Way	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Ocean of Sound was released in January 1996 by Virgin Records.	Ocean of Sound	Virgin Records
record label	``Movie Magg'' is a 1955 rockabilly song written by Carl Perkins and released on Flip Records, a subsidiary of Sun Records.	Movie Magg	Sun Records
record label	``Fall Out'' was released on the Illegal Records label, part of the Faulty Products group of companies owned by Copeland's brother Miles.	Fall Out	Illegal Records
screenwriter	Kid Galahad is a 1962 American musical film starring Elvis Presley as a boxer.	Kid Galahad	Elvis Presley
screenwriter	The Unknown Woman (Italian: La sconosciuta, also known as The Other Woman) is a 2006 Italian psychological thriller mystery film, directed by Giuseppe Tornatore that depicts a woman alone in a foreign country, haunted by a horrible past, and in search of a lost daughter.	The Unknown Woman	Giuseppe Tornatore
screenwriter	I Am Emma (Italian: Emma sono io) is a 2002 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Falaschi.	I Am Emma	Francesco Falaschi
screenwriter	One Step to Eternity (French:Bonnes à tuer, Italian:Quattro donne nella notte) is a 1954 French-Italian thriller film directed by Henri Decoin and starring Danielle Darrieux, Michel Auclair and Corinne Calvet.	One Step to Eternity	Henri Decoin
screenwriter	Jean de Florette (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃ də flɔʁɛt)) is a 1986 French period drama film directed by Claude Berri, based on a novel by Marcel Pagnol.	Jean de Florette	Claude Berri	Marcel Pagnol
series	``The Lich'' is the twenty-sixth episode and season finale of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.	The Lich	Adventure Time
series	``The Wow Factor'' is the 18th episode of the fourth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 90th episode overall.	The Wow Factor	Modern Family
series	``Market For Murder'' is the fourth episode of the fifth series of Midsomer Murders and the twenty second episode overall.	Market For Murder	Midsomer Murders
series	``The Stinson Missile Crisis'' is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 140th episode overall.	The Stinson Missile Crisis	How I Met Your Mother
series	``Road to Rhode Island'' is the 13th episode of the second season and the first episode of the 'Road To...' series of the American animated television series Family Guy.	Road to Rhode Island	Family Guy
sex or gender	Zeng Qiliang (simplified Chinese: 曾启亮; traditional Chinese: 曾啟亮; pinyin: Céng Qǐliàng; born May 10, 1975) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from PR China.	Zeng Qiliang	male
sex or gender	Maria Mandl (also spelled Mandel; 10 January 1912 -- 24 January 1948) was an Austrian SS-Helferin infamous for her key role in the Holocaust as a top-ranking official at the Auschwitz-Birkenau extermination camp where she is believed to have been directly complicit in the deaths of over 500,000 female prisoners.	Maria Mandl	female
sex or gender	Nicole Russell, Duchess of Bedford (often known professionally as Nicole Milinaire; 29 June 1920, Paris-6 September 2012) was one of the first female television producers in France, and then became the Duchess of Bedford, helping to open and popularize one of the first Stately homes to the public - Woburn Abbey.	Nicole Russell, Duchess of Bedford	female
sex or gender	Cornelia Sorabji (15 November 1866 -- 6 July 1954) was the first female advocate from India when admitted to the Allahabad High Court in Uttar Pradesh.	Cornelia Sorabji	female
sex or gender	Caitilin Dubhh is one of a very small number of pre-18th-century Irish female poets.	Caitilin Dubh	female
sex or gender	Li Jiaxing (born 1990-03-19 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Li Jiaxing	female
sex or gender	Shui Qingxia (Chinese: 水庆霞; born 18 December 1966) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Shui Qingxia	female
sex or gender	Mirko Spada (born 26 January 1969) is a retired male decathlete from Switzerland.	Mirko Spada	male
sex or gender	The author of the series is ``Grace Cavendish'', a pseudonym for three female authors:	Grace Cavendish	female
sex or gender	Pilar Hidalgo Iglesias (born May 3, 1979 in Cee, A Coruña) is a female athlete from Spain, who competes in triathlon.	Pilar Hidalgo	female
sex or gender	Dmitry Bryzgalov is a Russian people male acrobatic gymnast.	Dmitry Bryzgalov	male
sex or gender	Houngan is the term for a male priest in Haitian Vodou (a female priest is known as a mambo).	Houngan	male
sex or gender	Fiona Godlee (born August 4, 1961) has been editor in chief of the BMJ since 2005; she is the first female editor appointed in the journal's history.	Fiona Godlee	female
sex or gender	Hee-Sun Lee (born June 4, 1983), who goes by the stage name HeeSun Lee, is an American female Christian hip hop musician.	HeeSun Lee	female
sex or gender	Nurfitriyana Saiman (born March 7, 1962, in Jakarta) is an Indonesian female archer who won the first ever olympic medal for Indonesia.	Nurfitriyana Saiman	female
sex or gender	Karol Kučera (born 4 March 1974) is a retired ATP professional male tennis player from Slovakia.	Karol Kučera	male
sex or gender	Éva Kóczián, later Kóczián-Földy (born 25 August 1936 in Budapest) is a former female table tennis player from Hungary.	Éva Kóczián	female
sex or gender	Lara Mandić (Serbian: Лара Мандић; born 23 April 1974) is Yugoslavian and Serbian former female basketball player.	Lara Mandić	female
sex or gender	Libania Grenot Martinez (born 12 July 1983) is a Cuban-born Italian female athlete specialising in the 400 metres.	Libania Grenot	female
sex or gender	Won Soo-yeon (born January 12, 1961) is a South Korean female manhwa artist who writes in the shoujo (romance) genre.	Won Soo-yeon	female
sex or gender	Andrei Adistia is a male Indonesian badminton player who specializes in doubles.	Andrei Adistia	male
sex or gender	Sunny Xie (Chinese: Xie Rong Er, Chinese: 谢容儿) is a female Mandarin Chinese singer born in Wuhan, China in 1990.	Sunny Xie	female
sex or gender	Fransisca Ratnasari Hari Saputra (born Yogyakarta, 2 October 1986) is a female badminton player from Indonesia.	Fransisca Ratnasari	female
sex or gender	Marie Odee Johnson (July 23, 1897 -- September 25, 2004) was an American who was one of the last surviving female veterans from the First World War.	Marie Odee Johnson	female
sex or gender	Britt Synnøve Johansen (Haugesund, Rogaland, Norway 1970) is a Norwegian female singer.	Britt Synnøve Johansen	female
sex or gender	Carmine R. DiBartholomeo, better known as Carmen Barth (September 13, 1912 -- September 17, 1985), was a male American boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Carmen Barth	male
sex or gender	Played by John Turk in the digitized titles Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 and Mortal Kombat Trilogy, Ermac was physically identical to the series' other male ninjas, distinguishable only by his scarlet palette, and was one of ten human palette-swapped characters in both games.	Ermac	male
sex or gender	Sun Man (Chinese: 孙曼; born July 13, 1968) is a Chinese female badminton player who competed internationally in the 1990s.	Sun Man	female
sex or gender	On October 27, 2011, Betty Liu became the first female and Asian student to be inducted into Central High School's Alumni Hall of Fame.	Betty Liu	female
sex or gender	Rachel Brooks (born 30 September 1963) is an English female darts player currently ranked World No6 by the WDF, who is currently playing in British Darts Organisation events.	Rachel Brooks	female
sex or gender	Rosanna Tomiuk (born October 1, 1984 in Pointe-Claire, Quebec) is a female water polo player from Canada.	Rosanna Tomiuk	female
sex or gender	Lao Jianfeng (simplified Chinese: 劳剑峰; traditional Chinese: 勞劍峰; pinyin: Láo Jiànfēng; born May 24, 1975) is a retired male Chinese long jumper.	Lao Jianfeng	male
sex or gender	Chen Yueling (simplified Chinese: 陈跃玲; traditional Chinese: 陳躍玲; pinyin: Chén Yuèlíng; born December 24 1969 (also reported as April 1 1968) in Liaoning, China) is now an American race walker, who became the first ever female Olympic Race walking champion in 1992 while competing for China.	Chen Yueling	female
sex or gender	Naela Chohan was the first female foreign diplomat to serve in Iran following the 1979 Revolution.	Naela Chohan	female
sex or gender	Brita Sophia De la Gardie was the lead female actor and star of this troupe.	Brita Sophia De la Gardie	female
sex or gender	Lady G, born 7 May, 1968 as Janice Fyffe, is a female dancehall and reggae deejay.	Lady G	female
sex or gender	Blandine Lachèze (born October 11, 1982 in Fontainebleau, Seine-et-Marne) is a female modern pentathlete from France.	Blandine Lachèze	female
sex or gender	Marija Mićović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мaриja Мићовић, born October 1, 1982 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian female basketball player.	Marija Mićović	female
sex or gender	Patricia Kohlmann (born September 17, 1968) is a former female freestyle and medley swimmer from Mexico, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1984.	Patricia Kohlmann	female
sex or gender	Edith Carlmar (Edith Mary Johanne Mathiesen) (15 November 1911 -- 17 May 2003) was an actress and Norway's first female film director.	Edith Carlmar	female
sex or gender	Etsuko Inoue (Japanese: 井上悦子, born October 18, 1964) is a retired female tennis player from Japan.	Etsuko Inoue	female
sex or gender	S. J. Tucker (born February 22, 1980) is an Arkansas-born North American female singer-songwriter.	S. J. Tucker	female
sex or gender	Marilyn Bevans was the first sub-three-hour, African-American female marathoner, and the first national-class black female American marathoner.	Marilyn Bevans	female
sex or gender	Edith Connor is an American bodybuilder and was declared the oldest competitive female bodybuilder by the Guinness Book of World Records in 2012; she was then age 77.	Edith Connor	female
sex or gender	Adrien-Marie Legendre was born in Paris as a cis-male on 18 September 1752 to a wealthy family.	Adrien-Marie Legendre	male
sex or gender	Phyllis Zouzounis is an American winemaker, one of the pioneering professional female winemakers, having begun her career at Dry Creek Vineyard in Sonoma County in 1980.	Phyllis Zouzounis	female
sex or gender	Mary Hardwick (8 September 1913 -- 18 December 2001) was an English female tennis player who was active during the 1930s and the 1940s.	Mary Hardwick	female
sex or gender	Fredesvinda García Valdés, known always as Freddy, (1935 in Camagüey -- 31 July 1961 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) was a Cuban female singer of high quality.	Fredesvinda García	female
sex or gender	Osvaldo Lara Cañizares (born July 13, 1955 in Havana) is a retired male track and field sprinter from Cuba, who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Osvaldo Lara	male
sex or gender	Li Qiumei (Chinese: 黎秋梅; pinyin: Lí Qiūméi; born September 26, 1974) is a retired female Chinese discus thrower.	Li Qiumei	female
sex or gender	Records of the Three Kingdoms recorded an incident in which Dong Zhuo led his troops to Luoyang (洛陽城) and ordered them to kill all the male inhabitants and loot the city, under the pretext of eliminating a rebel army.	Dong Zhuo	male
sex or gender	Dorothy Norman (28 March 1905 -- 12 April 1997) was a female American photographer, writer, editor, arts patron and advocate for social change.	Dorothy Norman	female
sex or gender	Jamal Al-Karboli was born in Al-Museib, the largest sub-district in Babylon historical governorate, of two Iraqi parents, and has four male siblings.	Jamal Al-Karboli	male
sex or gender	Maya Leibovich is the first native-born female rabbi in Israel; she was ordained in 1993 at the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in Jerusalem.	Maya Leibovich	female
sex or gender	Anne Lenner (1912--1997) was a popular English female vocalist, singing with the dance bands of the 1930s and 1940s.	Anne Lenner	female
sex or gender	In February 2015, Aaron Watson made history when he released The Underdog (Aaron Watson album), making him the first solo male artist to debut at number one on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart with a self-released and independently distributed and promoted album.	Aaron Watson	male
sex or gender	Namely, Hadrian's legislation on castration was amended by Antoninus Pius in order to allow Jews to circumcise their own sons (Jewish proselytism among male converts remaining forbidden).	Hadrian	male
sex or gender	Elke Wijnhoven-Schuil (born 3 January 1981) is a retired Dutch female volleyball player, who played as a libero.	Elke Wijnhoven	female
sex or gender	Jiang Yonghua (simplified Chinese: 江永华; traditional Chinese: 江永華; pinyin: Jiāng Yǒnghuá; born September 7, 1973 in Jixi, Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese track cyclist.	Jiang Yonghua	female
sex or gender	Ruby Joy Gabriel (born 22 November 1994) is a Palauan female sprinter who competed in the 100 metres event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Ruby Joy Gabriel	female
sex or gender	Hazel Meyers was an American classic female blues and country blues singer.	Hazel Meyers	female
sex or gender	In 1992 he was nominated for a Grammis award for best male pop. Kjell Höglund has also published books with esoteric and pseudo-scientific content.	Kjell Höglund	male
sex or gender	Jane Couch, MBE (born 14 August 1968) became the first officially licensed British female boxer in 1998.	Jane Couch	female
sex or gender	Ann Barford is a former female rugby union player.	Ann Barford	female
sex or gender	Elisabetta Sancassani (born 6 February 1983) is an Italian female competition rower.	Elisabetta Sancassani	female
sex or gender	Alida Neave is a former South African female tennis player.	Alida Neave	female
sex or gender	In 2011, Rachael Rapinoe was chosen to represent the United States by the International Center's Sports Corps program in the Indonesia America Soccer Exchange where she helped conduct three one-day training clinics for an estimated 200-300 female athletes and 30 coaches.	Rachael Rapinoe	female
sex or gender	Recent y-DNA testing of a male descendent of Samuel Barton has shown that this branch of Barton's are part of a lineage whose earliest known member in America was Lewis Barton of Maryland.	Samuel Barton	male
sex or gender	Lu Chia-pin (Chinese: 呂佳彬; born 24 February 1990) is a male Taiwanese badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series.	Lu Chia-pin	male
sex or gender	Sylwia Pycia (born 20 April 1981) is a Polish female volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team, European Champion 2005, silver medalist of European Games 2015, Polish Champion (2008, 2009).	Sylwia Pycia	female
sex or gender	Cai Zelin (born 11 April 1991, in Yunnan) is a Chinese male racewalker.	Cai Zelin	male
sex or gender	Li Xuerui (born January 24, 1991 in Chongqing) is a female badminton player from China and one of the most successful players of her time.	Li Xuerui	female
sex or gender	Wei Yili (simplified Chinese: 魏轶力; traditional Chinese: 魏軼力; pinyin: Wèi Yìlì; born June 24, 1982 in Yichang, Hubei) is a female badminton player from the People's Republic of China.	Wei Yili	female
sex or gender	Albina Tuzova (Russian: Альбина Тузова) is a former Soviet female speed skater.	Albina Tuzova	female
sex or gender	Paula Lynn Obanana (born March 19, 1985) is a Filipino-American female badminton player who was originally from Dumaguete, Philippines.	Paula Lynn Obanana	female
sex or gender	In Linga Purana, Parvati metamorphoses into Kali, on the request of Shiva, to destroy a female asura (demoness) Daruka.	Parvati	female
sex or gender	Elisabeth Volkenrath participated in the selection of prisoners for the gas chambers and in November 1944 was promoted to Oberaufseherin for all camp sections for female prisoners at Auschwitz.	Elisabeth Volkenrath	female
sex or gender	Theresa Arnold (born September 20, 1962) is a female boxer who beat a number of name fighters during her career.	Theresa Arnold	female
sex or gender	Mary Blandy (1720 -- April 6, 1752) was a female murderer in 18th century England.	Mary Blandy	female
sex or gender	Julie Kilpatrick (born 22 August 1983 in Glasgow) is a female field hockey player from Scotland.	Julie Kilpatrick	female
sex or gender	Nigar Nazar (born 1953) is the first Pakistani female cartoonist.	Nigar Nazar	female
sex or gender	Helen Plaschinski Farca (born April 8, 1963) is a former female freestyle swimmer from Mexico, who participated in the 1980 Summer Olympics for her native country.	Helen Plaschinski	female
sex or gender	Kathy Rude (born 1957) was an American sports car driver who was one of the first female drivers to attract international attention.	Kathy Rude	female
sex or gender	Margit Nünke was the female lead in several films and was a partner of Peter Alexander, Gerhard Riedmann, Cc Catch and Toni Sailer.	Margit Nünke	female
sex or gender	Dorothy Butler Gilliam (born November 24, 1936) is an American journalist who was the first African-American female reporter at The Washington Post.	Dorothy Butler Gilliam	female
sex or gender	Livia's power in symbolizing the renewal of the Republic with the female virtues Pietas and Concordia in public displays had a dramatic effect on the visual representation of future imperial women as ideal, honorable mothers and wives of Rome.	Livia	female
sex or gender	Inessa Korkmaz (born 17 January 1972 in Saratov) is a retired female volleyball player from Russia, who is also known as Inessa Emelyanova.	Inessa Korkmaz	female
sex or gender	Akemi Noda (野田 朱美, born October 13, 1969 in Komae, Tokyo, Japan) is a former Japanese female football player and manager.	Akemi Noda	female
sex or gender	María Luisa Anido María Luisa Anido has been one of the few female composer-performers of her time.	María Luisa Anido	female
sex or gender	Guy A. Sautter (1886 -- 1961) was a male badminton player from Switzerland, who also started for England.	Guy A. Sautter	male
sex or gender	Doo Hoi Kem (Chinese: 杜凱琹; pinyin: Dù Kǎiqín; born 27 November 1996) is a female table tennis player.	Doo Hoi Kem	female
sex or gender	Li Deliang (Chinese: 李德亮; born September 19, 1967) is a retired male diver from PR China.	Li Deliang	male
sex or gender	Tse Ying Suet (Chinese: 謝影雪; Jyutping: ze6 jing2 syut3, born November 9, 1991) is a female badminton player from Hong Kong who won the champion of Women's Doubles at 2012 Japan Super Series with Poon Lok Yan by beating 4 Japan pairs consecutively.	Tse Ying Suet	female
sex or gender	Suzanne Palmer is a female Progressive Trance, Club/Dance and House music singer, songwriter and producer born in Chicago, Illinois.	Suzanne Palmer	female
sex or gender	Christian Forcellini (born November 10, 1969) is a male former tennis player and sprinter from San Marino.	Christian Forcellini	male
sex or gender	Casey Stratton (born October 16, 1976) is a male Pop/Rock singer/songwriter/musician.	Casey Stratton	male
sex or gender	Birgit Prinz (born 25 October 1977) is a retired German female professional association football player.	Birgit Prinz	female
sex or gender	Brittany Johnston (born January 6, 1986) is an American female professional golfer currently playing on the Futures Tour.	Brittany Johnston	female
sex or gender	Rubert Martínez Texidor (born July 16, 1985) is a male judoka from Cuba, who won the silver medal in the men's lightweight division (-- 73 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games.	Rubert Martínez	male
sex or gender	Emma Irene Åström (27 April 1847 -- 3 July 1934) was a Finnish teacher and Finland's first female university graduate.	Emma Irene Åström	female
sex or gender	Shiban's descendants are known as the Shaybanids; his male line continues down to the present time.	Shiban	male
sex or gender	Martha High (born Martha Harvin, Washington, D.C.) is an American female vocalist.	Martha High	female
sex or gender	Salmacis could also have been intended simply as a contrast to the previous tales in Ovid's Metamorphoses, as others involve a dominant male pursuing an elusive female.	Salmacis	female
sex or gender	With Grace Slick in retirement, the female vocalist position went to Darby Gould.	Darby Gould	female
sex or gender	His son Richard having predeceased him, Edward Guildford caused considerable strife with the family legacy when his daughter Jane inherited Haldon Manor rather than his nephew, John Guildford, Member of Parliament for Gatton, who was (arguably) instead intended to inherit with no nearer male heir.	Edward Guildford	male
sex or gender	Khadija al-Salami (born 1966, in Sana'a, Yemen), is the first Yemeni female film producer.	Khadija al-Salami	female
sex or gender	Vadim Khersontsev (Russian: Вадим Херсонцев; born 8 July 1974 in Kursk) is a retired male hammer thrower from Russia, whose personal best throw is 81.26 metres, achieved in July 2001 in Bryansk.	Vadim Khersontsev	male
sex or gender	Kim Hae-ran (Hangul: 김해란, Hanja: 金海蘭; born 16 March 1984) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.	Kim Hae-ran	female
sex or gender	Kübra Akman (born October 13, 1994 in İznik, Bursa Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female volleyball player.	Kübra Akman	female
sex or gender	Kayper gained national recognition after winning the Vestax Juice competition in 2003 making her the first and only female to win the competition.	Kayper	female
sex or gender	Wang Zhaoyuan (王照圓 ;Shandong, 4 October 1763--1851) was a Chinese female Confucian scholar and writer.	Wang Zhaoyuan	female
sex or gender	Qin Liangyu (1574--1648), courtesy name Zhensu, was a Chinese female general best known for defending the Ming dynasty from attacks by the Manchu-led Later Jin dynasty in the 17th century.	Qin Liangyu	female
sex or gender	Vaclavas Kidykas (born October 17, 1961 in Vitinya, Klaipėda) is a retired male discus thrower from Lithuania.	Vaclavas Kidykas	male
sex or gender	Margaret Osborne duPont (born Margaret Evelyn Osborne; March 4, 1918 -- October 24, 2012) was a World No. 1 American female tennis player.	Margaret Osborne duPont	female
sex or gender	Jeyhun Abiyev (Azerbaijani: Ceyhun Abiyev) born October 24, 1974 in Baku) is a retired male light flyweight boxer from Azerbaijan.	Jeyhun Abiyev	male
sex or gender	Irina Spîrlea is one of the most successful Romanian female tennis players, being one of only three to have reached the top 10 (the others being Virginia Ruzici and Simona Halep.)	Irina Spîrlea	female
sex or gender	Khady Yacine Ngom (born March 1, 1979 in Dakar) is a female Senegalese basketball player.	Khady Yacine Ngom	female
sex or gender	The theory is that Meritaten was the 'king's daughter' Akenkeres who is recorded in Manetho's Epitome to have assumed the throne for herself as the female king Neferneferuaten.	Meritaten	female
sex or gender	Shakira was also featured on Annie Lennox's song ``Sing'', from the album Songs of Mass Destruction, which also features other 23 other female singers.	Shakira	female
sex or gender	Zhang Yangyang (simplified Chinese: 张杨杨; traditional Chinese: 張楊楊; pinyin: Zhāng Yángyáng, born February 20, 1989 in Siping, Jilin) is a female Chinese rower, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Yangyang	female
sex or gender	Anna Der-Vartanian (born December 6, 1920) was the first female promoted to Master Chief Petty Officer (E-9), the highest enlisted rank in the United States Navy.	Anna Der-Vartanian	female
sex or gender	Claudio Patrignani (born January 9, 1959 in Fano, Pesaro e Urbino) is a retired male middle distance runner from Italy.	Claudio Patrignani	male
sex or gender	Lim Xiaoqing(林小青) (born August 15, 1967) is a retired female badminton player originally from China who migrated to Sweden.	Lim Xiaoqing	female
sex or gender	Irène Hamoir (25 July 1906 -- 17 May 1994) was a Belgian novelist and poet, the leading female member of the Belgian surrealist movement.	Irène Hamoir	female
sex or gender	Milunka Savić CMG (Serbian: Милунка Савић; 24 June 1890 -- 5 October 1973) was a Serbian war heroine who fought in the Balkan Wars and in World War I. According to a Serbian source, she may be the most-decorated female combatant in the entire history of warfare.	Milunka Savić	female
sex or gender	Eiko Koizumi (小泉 栄子 Koizumi Eiko, born September 1, 1973 in Hyougo) is a female beach volleyball player from Japan.	Eiko Koizumi	female
sex or gender	As the Grammy Award's first female nominee in the Best Rock Gospel category, Ashley Cleveland won this award in 1996 for her album Lesson of Love, in 1999 for You Are There, and in 2008 for Before the Daylight's Shot.	Ashley Cleveland	female
sex or gender	Shannon Eastin (born 1970) is best known as the first female referee of the National Football League (NFL).	Shannon Eastin	female
sex or gender	Meliz Redif (born March 26, 1989) is a Turkish Cypriot female sprinter/track runner.	Meliz Redif	female
sex or gender	In 2013 Sarah Rudinoff and Gretta Harley premiered their original play, These Streets based on real-life stories of female rockers during the Grunge era of Seattle's music scene.	Sarah Rudinoff	female
sex or gender	Daphne Todd OBE (born 1947) is an English artist who was the first female President of the Royal Society of Portrait Painters from 1994--2000, and who won the BP Portrait Award 2010 with a painting of her 100-year-old mother's corpse.	Daphne Todd	female
sex or gender	Lapidoth is also a Hebrew male given name.	Lapidoth	male
sex or gender	Ahmed Maghrawy (born 21 March 1990 in Cairo) is an Egyptian male volleyball player.	Ahmed Maghrawy	male
sex or gender	Angélica de Almeida (born March 25, 1965) is a retired female marathon runner from Brazil, who won the 1986 edition of the Buenos Aires Marathon.	Angélica de Almeida	female
sex or gender	Helen Richey (1909--1947) was a pioneering female aviator and the first woman to be hired as a pilot by a commercial airline in the United States.	Helen Richey	female
sex or gender	Sonora Webster Carver (February 2, 1904 -- September 20, 2003), born in Waycross, Georgia, was an American entertainer, most notable as one of the first female horse divers.	Sonora Webster Carver	female
sex or gender	Lü Bin (Chinese: 吕彬; born January 7, 1977) is a former female freestyle and medley swimmer from China.	Lü Bin	female
sex or gender	In reviewing the record, The Guardian noted that ``there hasn't really been a breakthrough US female from what you might call the alternative/Pitchfork camp, but Alex Winston stands a better chance than most.''	Alex Winston	female
sex or gender	Nadia Boubeghla (born in Algiers, Algeria) is a female politician from Algeria.	Nadia Boubeghla	female
sex or gender	Hinaleimoana Wong-Kalu, also known as Kumu Hina, is a native Hawaiian transgender woman or māhū, a Hawaiian term referring to individuals who embody both male and female spirit She is known for her work as a kumu (kumu translates in Hawaiian as teacher), cultural practitioner, and community leader.	Hinaleimoana Wong-Kalu	female
sex or gender	Rosamund Dashwood (1924, Devonshire, UK -- 2007, Squamish, BC) was the daughter of celebrated English writer E. M. Delafield, and was one of the top female masters runners in Canadian history.	Rosamund Dashwood	female
sex or gender	Elusion was a female R&B group that consisted of two separate sets of identical twin sisters, Tamica and Tanya Johnson, and Michelle and Marie Harris.	Elusion	female
sex or gender	After the death of Robin Tunney's character, Veronica Donovan, Sara Tancredi became the only remaining principal female character.	Sara Tancredi	female
sex or gender	Rosa Schweninger (1849--1918) was an Austrian female painter.	Rosa Schweninger	female
sex or gender	Nishad Vaidya is a Gujarati Indian television actor who was born in Gujarat and later moved to Mumbai He played a small role in Star Plus serial Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara, then got his big break in the lead male role in Sony TV serial Amita Ka Amit.	Nishad Vaidya	male
sex or gender	In a manner very similar to the Gospel of John, the apocryphal Gospel of Philip also seems to list Mary of Clopas among Jesus' female entourage:	Mary of Clopas	female
sex or gender	Şaziye Okur (born February 23, 1992 in Ankara) is a Turkish female weightlifter competing in the Women's --48 kg division.	Şaziye Okur	female
sex or gender	Melania Corradini (born 13 April 1987 in Cles) is a female Italian paralympic alpine skier.	Melania Corradini	female
sex or gender	Chen Qiuqi (simplified Chinese: 陈群青; traditional Chinese: 陳群青; pinyin: Chén Qúnqīng; Jyutping: Chan4 Kwan4 Cheng1; born March 22, 1983 in Chenghai, Shantou, Guangdong) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Chen Qiuqi	female
sex or gender	Agata Pietrzyk (born July 27, 1988) is a Polish female freestyle wrestler (59kg).	Agata Pietrzyk	female
sex or gender	Penny Werthner (born July 5, 1951 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a retired female track and field athlete, who represented Canada at the 1976 Summer Olympics in the women's 1.500 metres.	Penny Werthner	female
sex or gender	Mari Ochiai (born 4 January 1982) is a former Japanese female volleyball player.	Mari Ochiai	female
sex or gender	Ly de Angeles (female) was born in Sydney in 1951 where she remained until her early thirties.	Ly de Angeles	female
sex or gender	Karolyn Kirby (born June 30, 1961 in Brookline, Massachusetts) is a retired female beach volleyball player from the United States, who won the bronze medal at the 1997 World Championships in Los Angeles, California, partnering Nancy Reno.	Karolyn Kirby	female
sex or gender	Luo Jianming (Chinese: 罗建明) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	Luo Jianming	male
sex or gender	Sevgi Çınar (born January 15, 1994) is a Turkish female footballer who plays for Konak Belediyespor of the Turkish Women's First Football League.	Sevgi Çınar	female
sex or gender	In 2008, Lei Jia was awarded best female folk singer in the 9th CCTV-MTV music fest. Lei Jia has visited over twenty countries to participate in various cultural exchange activities and help introducing Chinese folk music to the world.	Lei Jia	female
sex or gender	The name reflects that Shivabalayogi is a manifestation of both the male and female aspects of the divine (Ardhanarishwara).	Shivabalayogi	male
sex or gender	In 1970, he made his first appearance in a male strip show, using the name ``Jack Wrangler.''	Jack Wrangler	male
sex or gender	Boonsak Ponsana (Thai: บุญศักดิ์ พลสนะ; rtgs: Bunsak Phonsana; born 22 February 1982 in Bangkok) is a male badminton player from Thailand.	Boonsak Ponsana	male
sex or gender	Mao Xinyuan (simplified Chinese: 毛新远; traditional Chinese: 毛新遠; pinyin: Máo Xīnyuǎn; born July 2, 1971) is a retired male race walker from PR China.	Mao Xinyuan	male
sex or gender	Marie Poissonnier (born 4 May 1979 in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme) is a female pole vaulter from France.	Marie Poissonnier	female
spouse	Upon the death of Kamehameha I in 1819, Keōpūolani's eldest son, Liholiho, ascended the throne as Kamehameha II. For the most part, Keōpūolani stayed out of politics, but generally supported Kamehameha I's favorite wife Kaʻahumanu, who served as Kuhina Nui (Regent) during the short reign of Liholiho.	Keōpūolani	Kamehameha I
spouse	Helena Kantakouzene (Greek: Ελένη Καντακουζηνή) (1333 -- 10 December 1396) was the Empress consort of John V Palaiologos in the Byzantine Empire.	Helena Kantakouzene	John V Palaiologos
spouse	Aleida March (born in 1937 in Santa Clara, Cuba) was Ernesto ``Che'' Guevara's second wife, and a member of Castro's Cuban army.	Aleida March	Che'' Guevara
spouse	A Cushite princess of Kingdom of Kush, Tharbis (alternatively Adoniah) is said to have married the Hebrew Moses prior to his ascendancy to prophethood and better-known marriage to Zipporah.	Tharbis	Moses
spouse	Bente Skari was named Martinsen before marrying Geir Skari in 1999.	Bente Skari	Geir Skari
taxon rank	Stelis zootrophionoides is a species of orchid discovered in the Neotropics, an area with the highest diversity in Andean South America.	Stelis zootrophionoides	species
taxon rank	Cervicorniphora alcicornis is a species of Australian hoverfly, and the only species in the genus Cervicorniphora.	Cervicorniphora	species
taxon rank	Uintatheriidae is a family of extinct ungulate mammals that includes Uintatherium.	Uintatheriidae	family
taxon rank	Clariallabes mutsindoziensis is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Burundi where it is found in the Malagarasi River.	Clariallabes mutsindoziensis	species
taxon rank	Eleocharis geniculata is a species of spikesedge known by several common names, including bent spikerush and Canada spikesedge.	Eleocharis geniculata	species
taxon rank	Megacephala serrella is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997, and is native to Australia.	Megacephala serrella	species
taxon rank	Bombus mixtus is a species of bumble bee in the Pyrobombus subgenus.	Bombus mixtus	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea obscura, the obscure morning glory or small white morning glory, is a species of the genus Ipomoea.	Ipomoea obscura	species
taxon rank	The Dreissenidae are a family of small freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve mollusks.	Dreissenidae	family
taxon rank	Rokopella is a genus of living monoplacophoran.	Rokopella	genus
taxon rank	Crypturellus is a genus of tinamous containing mostly forest species.	Crypturellus	genus
taxon rank	Lebia menetriesi is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in Ukraine and southern part of Russia.	Lebia menetriesi	species
taxon rank	Eurychone rothschildiana is a species of flowering plants in the Orchidaceae family.	Eurychone rothschildiana	species
taxon rank	Salmo pallaryi was a species of trout that inhabited a single lake in the Atlas mountains of northern Morocco, at higher than 2000 metres altitude.	Salmo pallaryi	species
taxon rank	The Red Cracker (Hamadryas amphinome) is a species of cracker butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.	Hamadryas amphinome	species
taxon rank	Pulsatilla alpina (alpine pasqueflower or alpine anemone) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae, native to the mountain ranges of central and southern Europe, from central Spain to Croatia.	Pulsatilla alpina	species
taxon rank	Eurypteroidea are an extinct superfamily of eurypterids.	Eurypteroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Smittium is a genus of fungi in the order Harpellales.	Smittium	genus
taxon rank	Chicoreus aculeatus, common name the pendant murex, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicoreus aculeatus	species
taxon rank	Dasyatis ushiei, the cow stingray or Ushi stingray, is a species of stingray known from a single specimen.	Dasyatis ushiei	species
taxon rank	Recilia latifrons (rice broad-headed leafhopper) is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that can be found in countries such as China, Japan, Korea, and the Russian maritime.	Recilia latifrons	species
taxon rank	Xyloskenea xenos is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.	Xyloskenea xenos	species
taxon rank	Carex barbarae is a species of sedge known by the common name Santa Barbara sedge.	Carex barbarae	species
taxon rank	Symphyotrichum sericeum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by several common names, including western silver aster and silky aster.	Symphyotrichum sericeum	species
taxon rank	Leithiinae is a subfamily of dormice.	Leithiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Homopus boulengeri, commonly known as the Karoo padloper or Boulenger's cape tortoise, is a species of tortoise endemic to the Nama Karoo Region of South Africa.	Homopus boulengeri	species
taxon rank	Martensia martensi is a species of amphipod crustacean, and the only species in the genus Martensia.	Martensia martensi	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Amphelarctia priscilla, which is found in French Guiana, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru and Costa Rica.	Amphelarctia	species
taxon rank	Consul fabius, common name tiger leafwing, is the most common and well known species of the genus Consul of subfamily Charaxinae in the brush-footed butterfly family (Nymphalidae).	Consul fabius	species
taxon rank	Equus scotti (translated from Latin as Scott's horse, named after vertebrate paleontologist William Berryman Scott) is an extinct species of Equus, the genus that includes the horse.	Equus scotti	species
taxon rank	Pristiophorus is a genus of sawsharks found in the Pacific, Atlantic and Indian oceans.	Pristiophorus	genus
taxon rank	Zanthoxylum kauaense, commonly known as Aʻe or Kauaʻi pricklyash, is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Zanthoxylum kauaense	species
taxon rank	Acmispon wrangelianus is a species of legume known by the common names Chilean bird's-foot trefoil and Chile lotus.	Acmispon wrangelianus	species
taxon rank	Thermopsis montana, the false lupin, mountain goldenbanner, golden pea, mountain thermopsis, or revonpapu, is a plant species which is native of the western United States.	Thermopsis montana	species
taxon rank	Palaeoraphe is an extinct genus of palm, represented by one species, Palaeoraphe dominicana from early Miocene Burdigalian stage Dominican amber deposits on the island of Hispaniola.	Palaeoraphe	genus
taxon rank	Puffinus is a genus of seabirds in the order Procellariiformes.	Puffinus	genus
taxon rank	Platystacus cotylephorus, the Banded banjo, is a species of banjo catfish.	Platystacus cotylephorus	species
taxon rank	Mirosternus lugubris is a species of beetles in the genus Mirosternus of the family Anobiidae.	Mirosternus lugubris	species
taxon rank	Oemleria cerasiformis, a shrub commonly known as osoberry or Indian plum, is the sole species in genus Oemleria.	Oemleria	species
taxon rank	Prohylus phanthasma is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Prohylus.	Prohylus phanthasma	species
taxon rank	Paratrimma is a genus of gobies endemic to Chile where they are only found around the Juan Fernández Islands and the Desventuradas Islands in the southeastern Pacific Ocean.	Paratrimma	genus
taxon rank	Jensia rammii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Ramm's madia.	Jensia rammii	species
taxon rank	Olearia homolepis is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, endemic to Western Australia.	Olearia homolepis	species
taxon rank	Bathyopsis is an extinct genus of uintathere	Bathyopsis	genus
taxon rank	The Sumatra toad, Duttaphrynus sumatranus, is a species of toad endemic to Sumatra, Indonesia, and only known from Lubuk Selasi.	Sumatra toad	species
taxon rank	The Smoothbelly sardinella (Amblygaster leiogaster), also known as blue sardine, blue sprat, bluebait, is a reef-associated marine species of sardinellas in the herring family Clupeidae.	Amblygaster leiogaster	species
taxon rank	Orthetrum latihami, is an African freshwater dragonfly species.	Orthetrum latihami	species
taxon rank	Lysiphyllum hookeri is a species of small tree endemic to Queensland, Australia, of the legume plant family Fabaceae.	Lysiphyllum hookeri	species
taxon rank	Thesprotia graminis, common name American grass mantis or Grass-Like Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to the Southern United States.	Thesprotia graminis	species
taxon rank	Carduus acanthoides, known as the spiny plumeless thistle, welted thistle, and plumeless thistle, is a biennial plant species of thistle in the Asteraceae--sunflower family.	Carduus acanthoides	species
taxon rank	Brassavola martiana is a species of orchid found in South Tropical America.	Brassavola martiana	species
taxon rank	Haliplus concolor is a species of beetle in the genus Haliplus.	Haliplus concolor	species
taxon rank	Sorbus randaiensis is a species of rowan that is native to the high mountains of Taiwan (altitude 2,100--3,950 m).	Sorbus randaiensis	species
taxon rank	Pittasoma is a genus of birds in the gnateater family.	Pittasoma	genus
taxon rank	Allopterigeron is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1981.	Allopterigeron	genus
taxon rank	Colonus puerperus is a species of jumping spider commonly found in the eastern United States.	Colonus puerperus	species
taxon rank	Tithoes confinis, common name Giant Longhorn beetle, is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.	Tithoes confinis	species
taxon rank	Bombus consobrinus is a species of bumblebee found in Hungary, northern Scandinavia, Kazakhstan, Russia (Saghalien, Siberia), China (Soyorei, Hebei, Liaoning), North and South Korea, and Japan.	Bombus consobrinus	species
taxon rank	The Sacramento Mountain salamander (Aneides hardii) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Sacramento Mountain salamander	species
taxon rank	Rafinesquia, commonly known as plumeseed, is a genus of flowering plants in the dandelion family, native to the western United States and northwestern Mexico.	Rafinesquia	genus
taxon rank	Aschisma kansanum is a species of moss in the Pottiaceae family.	Aschisma kansanum	species
taxon rank	Hydrangea caudatifolia is a species of Hydrangea found in China.	Hydrangea caudatifolia	species
taxon rank	Achatinella phaeozona is a species of air-breathing tree snail, an arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Achatinella phaeozona	species
taxon rank	Turbonilla krakstadi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Turbonilla krakstadi	species
taxon rank	Magnolia rostrata, common name is Beaked magnolia, is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family.	Magnolia rostrata	species
taxon rank	Exocoetoides (meaning ``resemblant of the flying fish'') is a genus of prehistoric fish.	Exocoetoides	genus
taxon rank	Nebria fulgida is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Russian autonomous republics such as Khamar-Daban, Buryat Republic, and East Sayan.	Nebria fulgida	species
taxon rank	Dolichovespula adulterina is a species of parasitic social wasp.	Dolichovespula adulterina	species
taxon rank	Diastylis laevis is a species of crustacean belonging to the order Cumacea and the genus Diastylis.	Diastylis laevis	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum viridescens is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name twotooth buckwheat.	Eriogonum viridescens	species
taxon rank	Striononyma is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species:	Striononyma	genus
taxon rank	Restrepia iris, commonly called the Rainbow Restrepia, is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Ecuador.	Restrepia iris	species
taxon rank	Chrysotila is a genus of haptophytes, comprising the two species Chrysotila lamellosa and Chrysotila stipitata.	Chrysotila	genus
taxon rank	Scaevola taccada is sometimes found growing in loose plant communities with coconut palms, soldierbush, beach morning glory, beach gardenia, several pandanus species, beach calophyllum followed by portia tree, sea almond, beach hibiscus, Cordia subcordata and others.	Scaevola taccada	species
taxon rank	Sphaerocarpos texanus, the Texas balloonwort, is a species of liverwort in the Sphaerocarpaceae family, found in the Americas, northern Africa and Europe.	Sphaerocarpos texanus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea dimorpha is a species of tree fern native to central and southeastern Sulawesi, where it grows at an altitude of 120-1700 m. The trunk is erect and 3-4 m tall.	Cyathea dimorpha	species
taxon rank	Chlamydiae is a bacterial phylum and class whose members are obligate intracellular pathogens.	Chlamydiae	phylum	class
taxon rank	Wyethia mollis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name woolly mule's ears.	Wyethia mollis	species
taxon rank	Macrozamia macdonnellii is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family.	Macrozamia macdonnellii	species
taxon rank	Apterodon is an extinct genus of Hyaenodontid mammal that lived from the mid Eocene through the Oligocene epoch.	Apterodon	genus
taxon rank	Carabus albrechti okumurai is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Japan.	Carabus albrechti okumurai	subspecies
taxon rank	Cylindera arenaria is a species of ground beetle of the subfamily Cicindelinae that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Estonia, Portugal, Northwestern Europe, and various European islands.	Cylindera arenaria	species
taxon rank	Sphincterochila candidissima is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sphincterochilidae.	Sphincterochila candidissima	species
taxon rank	Augustula braueri is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Augustula braueri	species
taxon rank	Euglyphis rivulosa is a species of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.	Euglyphis rivulosa	species
taxon rank	Lampetra is a genus of lampreys in the subfamily Petromyzontinae.	Lampetra	genus
taxon rank	Rhinoncus is a genus of weevil.	Rhinoncus	genus
taxon rank	Phoradendron juniperinum is a species of flowering plant in the sandalwood family known by the common name juniper mistletoe.	Phoradendron juniperinum	species
taxon rank	Isocoma menziesii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family, known by the common name Menzies' goldenbush.	Isocoma menziesii	species
taxon rank	Ithystenus curvidens is a species of straight-snouted weevils belonging to the family Brentidae.	Ithystenus curvidens	species
taxon rank	Sapphirinidae is a family of parasitic copepods, containing the following genera:	Sapphirinidae	family
taxon rank	Daudebardia brevipes is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae which belongs to the ``Limacoid clade''.	Daudebardia brevipes	species
taxon rank	Okinawepipona is a small genus of potter wasps known from Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands.	Okinawepipona	genus
taxon rank	Pseudopontia is a genus of butterflies found only in wet forests of tropical Africa.	Pseudopontia	genus
taxon rank	Notosetia is a genus of minute sea snails or micromolluscs, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae.	Notosetia	genus
taxon rank	Planaxis sulcatus, common name the tropical periwinkle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae.	Planaxis sulcatus	species
taxon rank	Myosurus apetalus is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name bristly mousetail.	Myosurus apetalus	species
taxon rank	Diloma concamerata, common name the speckled periwinkle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Diloma concamerata	species
taxon rank	Sepia dollfusi is a species of cuttlefish native to the Red Sea and southern part of the Suez Canal.	Sepia dollfusi	species
taxon rank	Parodia magnifica is a species of flowering plant in the Cactaceae family, native to southern Brazil.	Parodia magnifica	species
taxon rank	The Munnidae are a family of isopod crustaceans, containing these genera:	Munnidae	family
taxon rank	Duttaphrynus is a genus of true toads.	Duttaphrynus	genus
taxon rank	Crematogaster aegyptiaca is an uncommon species of ant found mostly in Egypt.	Crematogaster aegyptiaca	species
taxon rank	Titusvillia was a genus of colonial glass sponges that existed during the carboniferous period around 300 million years ago.	Titusvillia	genus
taxon rank	Gyraulus parvus is a species of freshwater snail in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Gyraulus parvus	species
taxon rank	The Arthrodermataceae are a family of fungi containing three dermatophytes -- genera Epidermophyton, Microsporum and Trichophyton.	Arthrodermataceae	family
taxon rank	Echinocereus coccineus (scarlet hedgehog cactus) is a species of hedgehog cactus.	Echinocereus coccineus	species
taxon rank	Plectopyloidea is a taxonomic superfamily of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the informal group Sigmurethra.	Plectopyloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Neochetina is a genus of weevils known as water hyacinth weevil which are native to South America.	Neochetina	genus
taxon rank	Hydrodynastes is a small genus of large colubrid snakes in the subfamily Xenodontinae.	Hydrodynastes	genus
taxon rank	Cistecephalidae is an extinct family of dicynodont therapsids from the Late Permian of South Africa.	Cistecephalidae	family
taxon rank	Scaldicetus is an extinct genus of toothed cetacean related to sperm whales.	Scaldicetus	genus
taxon rank	Nanshiungosaurus is a genus of therizinosaurian theropod dinosaur from the Cretaceous of China.	Nanshiungosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Stachys floridana is a species of betony in the mint family, Lamiaceae.	Stachys floridana	species
taxon rank	Mycena strobilinoides, commonly known as the scarlet fairy helmet, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.	Mycena strobilinoides	species
taxon rank	Mecomma ambulans is a species of bugs in the Miridae family that can be found throughout Europe (except for Portugal) and the far north, and as far east as China.	Mecomma ambulans	species
taxon rank	Turdoides is a genus of passerine birds in the Leiothrichidae family.	Turdoides	genus
taxon rank	The Phalangodidae are a family of harvestmen with about 20 genera and more than 100 described species, distributed in the Holarctic Region.	Phalangodidae	family
taxon rank	Koyaga senex is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family.	Koyaga senex	species
taxon rank	Mallotus japonicus, the food wrapper plant or Akamegashiwa in Japanese, is a plant species in the genus Mallotus native to China.	Mallotus japonicus	species
taxon rank	Adenium oleifolium is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family.	Adenium oleifolium	species
taxon rank	Acinetobacter radioresistens is a species of radiation-resistant bacteria.	Acinetobacter radioresistens	species
taxon rank	Brachyopoidea is a superfamily of temnospondyls that lived during the Mesozoic.	Brachyopoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Alosa sphaerocephala, or the Agrakhan shad, is a species of clupeid (herring-like) fish, one of the endemic shad species in the Caspian Sea.	Alosa sphaerocephala	species
taxon rank	Phallomedusa solida is a species of small, air-breathing land snail with an operculum, a pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Phallomedusidae.	Phallomedusa solida	species
taxon rank	Negalasa fumalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Negalasa.	Negalasa fumalis	species
taxon rank	Acartauchenius minor is a species of sheet weaver found in Italy.	Acartauchenius minor	species
taxon rank	In 1992 the type species Iberomesornis romerali was named and described by José Luis Sanz and José Fernando Bonaparte.	Iberomesornis	species
taxon rank	Heliaeschna ugandica is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae, known commonly as the uganda duskhawker.	Heliaeschna ugandica	species
taxon rank	Tyrannophryne pugnax, the tyrant devil is a species of deep-sea anglerfish in the dreamer family, Oneirodidae.	Tyrannophryne pugnax	species
taxon rank	Isfjordosaurus is an extinct genus of ichthyopterygian marine reptile that lived during the Early Triassic.	Isfjordosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Festuca mairei (Atlas fescue) is a densely-clumped species of grass, endemic to north Africa, with culms 50--100 cm long.	Festuca mairei	species
taxon rank	Huntsman spiders, members of the family Sparassidae (formerly Heteropodidae), are known by this name because of their speed and mode of hunting.	Huntsman spider	family
taxon rank	Lachesilla merzi is a species of Psocoptera from Lachesillidae family that is endemic to Spain.	Lachesilla merzi	species
taxon rank	Balaka seemannii is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family that is endemic to Fiji; growing in mixed forests on Vanua Levu and Taveuni islands.	Balaka seemannii	species
taxon rank	Phantazoderus frenatus is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily, and the only species in the genus Phantazoderus.	Phantazoderus frenatus	species
taxon rank	Laminacauda fuegiana is a species of sheet weaver found in Chile and the Falkland Islands.	Laminacauda fuegiana	species
taxon rank	Castilleja minor is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name lesser Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja minor	species
taxon rank	Peperomia wheeleri is a rare species of flowering plant in the pepper family known by the common name Wheeler's peperomia.	Peperomia wheeleri	species
taxon rank	Noeggerathia is an extinct genus of noeggerathialean plant that lived during the Late Carboniferous and Early Permian periods.	Noeggerathia	genus
taxon rank	Ptychochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to rivers and lakes in Madagascar.	Ptychochromis	genus
taxon rank	Cicindela tuberculata is a species of tiger beetle in the subfamily Cicindelinae of the family Carabidae, endemic to New Zealand.	Cicindela tuberculata	species
taxon rank	Cunninghamella echinulata is a fungus species in the genus Cunninghamella.	Cunninghamella echinulata	species
taxon rank	Klasea is a genus of Eurasian and North African plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family.	Klasea	genus
taxon rank	Euscorpius alpha is a species of scorpion which is indigenous to southern Switzerland and northern Italy, west of the river Adige in northern Italy.	Euscorpius alpha	species
taxon rank	Sabal domingensis, the Hispaniola palmetto is a species of palm which is native to Hispaniola and Cuba.	Sabal domingensis	species
taxon rank	Calyptranthera is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1996.	Calyptranthera	genus
taxon rank	Allium tricoccum (commonly known as ramp, ramps, spring onion, ramson, wild leek, wood leek, and wild garlic) is a North American species of wild onion widespread across eastern Canada and the eastern United States.	Allium tricoccum	species
taxon rank	Astragalus acutirostris is a species of milkvetch known by the common name sharpkeel milkvetch.	Astragalus acutirostris	species
taxon rank	Agulla mineralensis is an extinct species of snakefly in the raphidiid genus Agulla.	Agulla mineralensis	species
taxon rank	Black cardamom, also known as hill cardamom, Bengal cardamom, greater cardamom, Indian cardamom, Nepal cardamom, winged cardamom, or brown cardamom, comes from either of two species in the family Zingiberaceae.	Black cardamom	species
taxon rank	Carabus splendens is a species of beetle endemic to Europe, where it is observed in mainland France and mainland Spain.	Carabus splendens	species
taxon rank	Asclepias uncialis is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common name wheel milkweed.	Asclepias uncialis	species
taxon rank	Holoponerus godeffroyi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Holoponerus.	Holoponerus	species
taxon rank	Magnapinna sp. B is an undescribed species of bigfin squid known only from a single immature specimen collected in the northern Atlantic Ocean.	Magnapinna sp. B	species
taxon rank	Cirrhinus molitorella (mud carp or dace) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cirrhinus found mainly in southern China and Vietnam.	Cirrhinus molitorella	species
taxon rank	Creocele cardinalis, the broad clingfish, is a species of clingfish found on the southern coast of Australia.	Creocele cardinalis	species
taxon rank	The Pakistan Agama (Laudakia pakistanica) a species of agamid lizard found in Pakistan.	Laudakia pakistanica	species
taxon rank	The Picornavirales are an order of viruses with vertebrate, insect, and plant hosts.	Picornavirales	order
taxon rank	Polypodium virginianum, commonly known as rock polypody, rock cap fern, or common polypody, is a small evergreen species of fern native to the Eastern United States and Canada.	Polypodium virginianum	species
taxon rank	Galium texense, the Texas bedstraw, is a species of plants in the coffee family.	Galium texense	species
taxon rank	Stenus zunicus is a species of rove beetle described by Casey in 1884.	Stenus zunicus	species
taxon rank	Zygadenia caducus is a species of Ommatidae in the large, extinct genus Zygadenia.	Zygadenia caducus	species
taxon rank	†Carelia glossema was a species of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia glossema	species
taxon rank	Basilichthys microlepidotus is a species of Neotropical silverside endemic to Chile.	Basilichthys microlepidotus	species
taxon rank	Agathaumas (/æɡəˈθɔːməs/; ``great wonder'') is a dubious genus of a large ceratopsid dinosaur that lived in Wyoming during the Late Cretaceous (late Maastrichtian stage, 66 million years ago).	Agathaumas	genus
taxon rank	Cedrus brevifolia, the Cyprus cedar, is a species of conifer in the genus Cedrus.	Cedrus brevifolia	species
taxon rank	Platyceramus was a genus of Cretaceous bivalve molluscs belonging to the extinct inoceramid lineage.	Platyceramus	genus
taxon rank	Astrebla is a small genus of xerophytic (desert-loving) grasses found only in Australia They are the dominant grass across much of the continent.	Astrebla	genus
taxon rank	Cryptoblabes plagioleuca, the mango-flower moth, blossom moth or mango-flower webber, is a species of snout moth in the genus Cryptoblabes.	Cryptoblabes plagioleuca	species
taxon rank	Strubellia paradoxa is a species of freshwater slug, a shell-less freshwater gastropod, an aquatic gastropod mollusk within the clade Acochlidiacea.	Strubellia paradoxa	species
taxon rank	Amitostigma gracile is a species of orchid widespread across much of eastern Asia.	Amitostigma gracile	species
taxon rank	Huntleya gustavii is a species of orchid that occurs from Colombia and Ecuador and of late it is decreasing in population.	Huntleya gustavii	species
taxon rank	Phyllota squarrosa, commonly known as the dense phyllota, is a species of flowering plant in the pea family (Fabaceae) from eastern Australia.	Phyllota squarrosa	species
taxon rank	Callosiope banghaasi is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Callosiope.	Callosiope banghaasi	species
taxon rank	Lammidhania is an extinct genus of the perissodactyl stem of early proboscidean (elephant-like) mammals, which lived from the early to middle Eocene period.	Lammidhania	genus
taxon rank	Idahoa is a monotypic genus of plants in the mustard family containing the single species Idahoa scapigera, which is known by the common names scalepod and oldstem idahoa.	Idahoa	genus
taxon rank	Ochetellus glaber (black house ant) is a species of ant.	Ochetellus glaber	species
taxon rank	Temnoscelis waddeli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Temnoscelis.	Temnoscelis waddeli	species
taxon rank	Cnemidaria grandifolia is a species of tree fern, whose natural distribution ranges from Trinidad and Tobago to the Paraguaná Peninsula in Venezuela.	Cnemidaria grandifolia	species
taxon rank	Vaccinieae is a tribe of over 1000 species in the plant Family Ericaceae.	Vaccinieae	tribe
taxon rank	Pinus teocote (Teocote) is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus teocote	species
taxon rank	Anelosimus bali is a species of spider found in Bali, Indonesia, after which the species is named.	Anelosimus bali	species
taxon rank	Gecarcoidea is genus of terrestrial crabs.	Gecarcoidea	genus
taxon rank	Aethes atomosana, the two-spotted aethes, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Aethes atomosana	species
taxon rank	Jeotgalicoccus aerolatus is a species of bacteria in the family Staphylococcaceae.	Jeotgalicoccus aerolatus	species
taxon rank	Sporidiales is an order in the kingdom of Fungi.	Sporidiales	order
taxon rank	Carex spicata is a species of sedge in the genus Carex.	Carex spicata	species
taxon rank	Riojasauridae is a family of sauropod-like dinosaurs from the Upper Triassic.	Riojasauridae	family
taxon rank	Brachycaudus helichrysi is a species of aphid first described by the German naturalist Johann Heinrich Kaltenbach in 1843.	Brachycaudus helichrysi	species
taxon rank	As of August 2013 the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families recognises the single species Pycnobotrya nitida.	Pycnobotrya	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis paratus, the sawfin suckermouth, is a species of upside-down catfish native to Mozambique, South Africa, Swaziland and Zimbabwe where it is found in the Pongolo, Incomati and Limpopo River systems.	Chiloglanis paratus	species
taxon rank	Praunus flexuosus, known as the chameleon shrimp, is a species of opossum shrimp found in European waters.	Praunus flexuosus	species
taxon rank	Aphanomyces cochlioides is a plant pathogen that can affect commodity crops like spinach, Swiss chard, beets and related species.	Aphanomyces cochlioides	species
taxon rank	Galaxiella munda is a species of fish in the Galaxiidae family.	Galaxiella munda	species
taxon rank	Polygala acanthoclada is a species of flowering plant in the milkwort family known by the common names desert polygala and thorn milkwort.	Polygala acanthoclada	species
taxon rank	Geranium renardii is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Geranium, in the family Geraniaceae.	Geranium renardii	species
taxon rank	Tetragnatha extensa is a species of spider found across the Northern Hemisphere.	Tetragnatha extensa	species
taxon rank	Barbus brevidorsalis (dwarf barb) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Barbus brevidorsalis	species
taxon rank	Iberochondrostoma oretanum is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Spain where it is found in the Jándula River system.	Iberochondrostoma oretanum	species
taxon rank	Astragalus acmophylloides, the sharp-leaved milkvetch, is a species of milkvetch that is endemic to Erzurum and Artvin provinces.	Astragalus acmophylloides	species
taxon rank	NCBI Taxonomy ID: 5145, MycoBank # 100818 Gene cluster orthologs between Aspergillus nidulans and Podospora anserina have 63% identical primary amino acid sequence (even those these species are from distinct classes) and the average amino acid of compared proteomes is 10% less, giving rise to hypotheses of distinct species yet shared genes	Podospora anserina	species
taxon rank	Deinococcus indicus is a species of arsenic-resistant bacterium.	Deinococcus indicus	species
taxon rank	Zea nicaraguensis is a true grass species in the genus Zea.	Zea nicaraguensis	species
taxon rank	Andrias scheuchzeri is an extinct species of giant salamander, which only is known from fossils.	Andrias scheuchzeri	species
taxon rank	The Yemen serin (Crithagra menachensis) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Yemen serin	species
taxon rank	Pantherophis alleghaniensis, commonly called the eastern ratsnake, is a nonvenomous colubrid species endemic to North America.	Pantherophis alleghaniensis	species
taxon rank	Elipsocus hyalinus is a species of Psocoptera from Elipsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland.	Elipsocus hyalinus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Graphidivalva genitalis, which is found in South Africa.	Graphidivalva	species
taxon rank	Catharanthus pusillus, commonly known as the Tiny periwinkle, is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae.	Catharanthus pusillus	species
taxon rank	Sailfin moonfishes are a small family, Veliferidae, of lampriform fishes found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.	Veliferidae	family
taxon rank	Rautiania is an extinct genus of gliding eureptilian reptile belonging to the family Weigeltisauridae.	Rautiania	genus
taxon rank	Morelia carinata, commonly known as the rough-scaled python, is a large-scaled python species endemic to Australia.	Morelia carinata	species
taxon rank	Mesopeplum convexum is a species of scallop, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pectinidae.	Mesopeplum convexum	species
taxon rank	Octomeria nana is an orchid species in the genus Octomeria found in Venezuela.	Octomeria nana	species
taxon rank	Favonigobius melanobranchus, the blackthroat goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean as well as being recorded in the Mediterranean Sea.	Favonigobius melanobranchus	species
taxon rank	Waltherhornia speculifera is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Waltherhornia.	Waltherhornia	species
taxon rank	Cryptocercus is a genus of Dictyoptera (cockroaches and allies) and the sole member of its own family Cryptocercidae.	Cryptocercus	genus
taxon rank	Panaeolus tropicalis is a potent species of psilocybin mushroom.	Panaeolus tropicalis	species
taxon rank	Ozodera callidioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Ozodera.	Ozodera	species
taxon rank	Protaspis is an extinct genus of pteraspidid heterostracan agnathan which lived during the Early Devonian of the United States, with fossils found in marine strata in what is now Utah, Wyoming and Idaho.	Protaspis	genus
taxon rank	The only described species of this genus is Apothriguna legrandi that is endemic to the Seychelles (Mahé).	Apothriguna legrandi	species
taxon rank	Chimonobambusa is a genus of East Asian bamboo in the grass family.	Chimonobambusa	genus
taxon rank	Nyctyornis is a genus of the bee-eaters, near passerine birds in the family Meropidae.	Nyctyornis	genus
taxon rank	Kiggelaria africana (also known as the wild peach or umKokoko) is a large, robust, low-branching African tree, and is currently the only accepted species in the genus.	Kiggelaria africana	species
taxon rank	Bromus carinatus is a species of brome grass known by the common names California brome and mountain brome.	Bromus carinatus	species
taxon rank	Ligularia dentata (summer ragwort or leopardplant) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Ligularia and the family Asteraceae, native to China and Japan.	Ligularia dentata	species
taxon rank	Lyncina camelopardalis, common name the camel cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Lyncina camelopardalis	species
taxon rank	The diadema urchin or blue-black urchin (Echinothrix diadema) is a species of tropical sea urchin, member of the Diadematidae family.	Echinothrix diadema	species
taxon rank	Hyalomma dromedarii is a species of hard-bodied ticks belonging to the family Ixodidae.	Hyalomma dromedarii	species
taxon rank	Chaetocnema obesa is a species of black-coloured beetle from the family Chrysomelidae.	Chaetocnema obesa	species
taxon rank	Stromatoporoidea is a class of aquatic invertebrates common in the fossil record from the Ordovician through the Devonian.	Stromatoporoidea	class
taxon rank	Paracetopsis bleekeri is a species of whale catfish endemic to Ecuador where it occurs in the Guayas River basin in the southwest.	Paracetopsis bleekeri	species
taxon rank	Pyrenaearia molae is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Pyrenaearia molae	species
taxon rank	Sternotomis variabilis, the Lesser Jewel Longhorn Beetle, is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.	Sternotomis variabilis	species
taxon rank	Scombrini, commonly called the true mackerels, is a tribe of ray-finned bony fishes in the mackerel family, Scombridae -- a family it shares with the Spanish mackerel, tuna and bonito tribes, plus the butterfly kingfish.	Scombrini	tribe
taxon rank	Hesperogavialis is an extinct genus of gryposuchine gavialid.	Hesperogavialis	genus
taxon rank	Melanochromis loriae is a species of cichlid in the Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around Chipoka Island.	Melanochromis loriae	species
taxon rank	Antrodemus is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur from the Kimmeridgian-Tithonian-age Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of Middle Park, Colorado.	Antrodemus	genus
taxon rank	Nowellia wrightii is a species of liverwort in the Cephaloziaceae family.	Nowellia wrightii	species
taxon rank	Spathiphyllum wallisii is one of approximately 40 species in a genus of tropical evergreens.	Spathiphyllum wallisii	species
taxon rank	Physalaemus albonotatus (common name: menwig frog) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.	Physalaemus albonotatus	species
taxon rank	Paracanthocobitis rubidipinnis also known as the Cherryfin zipper loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis.	Paracanthocobitis rubidipinnis	species
taxon rank	Ceroprepes lunata is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes.	Ceroprepes lunata	species
taxon rank	Scutigerinidae is a family of Centipedes.	Scutigerinidae	family
taxon rank	Plectostoma sciaphilum was a species of land snail in the family Diplommatinidae.	Plectostoma sciaphilum	species
taxon rank	Micrommata ligurina is a species of huntsman spider occurring from the Mediterranean Basin to Central Asia.	Micrommata ligurina	species
taxon rank	Hytrosaviridae is a family of double stranded DNA viruses that infect insects.	Hytrosaviridae	family
taxon rank	Octomeria crassifolia is a species of orchid found from eastern Ecuador, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and northern Argentina.	Octomeria crassifolia	species
taxon rank	The Procolophonia are a suborder of herbivorous reptiles that lived from the Middle Permian till the end of the Triassic period, and are thought to be extinct today.	Procolophonia	suborder
taxon rank	Colymbetes is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic, including Europe, the Nearctic, the Near East and North Africa.	Colymbetes	genus
taxon rank	Styrax officinalis is a species of plants belonging to the family Styracaceae.	Styrax officinalis	species
taxon rank	Tapocyon is an extinct genus of Miacidae, a family of primitive carnivores.	Tapocyon	genus
taxon rank	Ganoderma multipileum, commonly known as lingzhi or chizhi, is a species of polypore mushroom found in tropical Asia.	Ganoderma multipileum	species
taxon rank	Drakaea glyptodon, commonly known as king in his carriage is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Drakaea glyptodon	species
taxon rank	The thin-waisted social wasps (genus Microstigmus), which typically resides in neotropic regions from Central to South America, are a small genus of wasps that build nests and live in colonies ranging in size from 1 to 18 members.	Microstigmus	genus
taxon rank	Brugmansia arborea (angel's trumpet) is a species of flowering plant in the family Solanaceae.	Brugmansia arborea	species
taxon rank	The Central American squirrel monkey (Saimiri oerstedii) is a squirrel monkey species from the Pacific coast of Costa Rica and Panama.	Central American squirrel monkey	species
taxon rank	Rubus arenicola, the sanddwelling dewberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus arenicola	species
taxon rank	Yucca gloriosa is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to the beach scrub and sandy lowlands of the southeastern USA, from the Outer Banks of Virginia and North Carolina to Florida and Alabama.	Yucca gloriosa	species
taxon rank	Perideridia parishii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Parish's yampah.	Perideridia parishii	species
taxon rank	Pepinia amblyosperma is a plant species in the genus Pepinia.	Pepinia amblyosperma	species
taxon rank	Frullania polysticta is a species of liverwort in the Jubulaceae family.	Frullania polysticta	species
taxon rank	Neolamprologus wauthioni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it inhabits snail shells.	Neolamprologus wauthioni	species
taxon rank	Bifrenaria atropurpurea is a species of orchid and the type species of the genus Bifrenaria.	Bifrenaria atropurpurea	species
taxon rank	Dischidodactylus colonnelloi is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family endemic to Venezuela and only know from its type locality, Cerro Marahuaca.	Dischidodactylus colonnelloi	species
taxon rank	Ameles decolor (Charpentier 1825), is a species of praying mantis native to Europe.	Ameles decolor	species
taxon rank	Hyllisiopsis coomani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hyllisiopsis.	Hyllisiopsis coomani	species
taxon rank	Glyphipterix mikadonis is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix which is endemic to Japan.	Glyphipterix mikadonis	species
taxon rank	Methanothermus fervidus is a species of methanogen.	Methanothermus fervidus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Aquasphaeria dimorphospora.	Aquasphaeria	species
taxon rank	Hastula androyensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, commonly referred to as the auger snails.	Hastula androyensis	species
taxon rank	Spathiphyllum cochlearispathum is a plant species of the genus Spathiphyllum in the family Araceae.	Spathiphyllum cochlearispathum	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces graminifolii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from the plant Sasa borealis.	Streptomyces graminifolii	species
taxon rank	Pseudobiceros hancockanus is a species of hermaphroditic marine flatworm in the family Pseudocerotidae.	Pseudobiceros hancockanus	species
taxon rank	Distichodus petersii is a species of fish in the Distichodontidae family.	Distichodus petersii	species
taxon rank	Clypeaster durandi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Clypeasteridae.	Clypeaster durandi	species
taxon rank	Telmatobius jelskii is a species of frog in the Telmatobiidae family, endemic to Peru.	Telmatobius jelskii	species
taxon rank	Aglossodes dureti is a species of snout moth in the genus Aglossodes.	Aglossodes dureti	species
taxon rank	Stratodus (meaning ``stratosphere tooth'') is a genus of prehistoric fish.	Stratodus	genus
taxon rank	Dolichopterus is a genus of the prehistoric sea scorpions, arthropods in the order Eurypterida.	Dolichopterus	genus
taxon rank	Stephanorrhina guttata, common name Spotted Flower Beetle, is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family, Cetoniinae subfamily, tribe Goliathini.	Stephanorrhina guttata	species
taxon rank	Scaphander lignarius, common name the woody canoe-bubble, is a species of sea snail, a bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Scaphandridae, the canoe-bubbles.	Scaphander lignarius	species
taxon rank	Pristerognathus is an extinct genus of therocephalian, known from the late Middle Permian (Capitanian) of South Africa.	Pristerognathus	genus
taxon rank	Ameromyia modesta is a species of Neuroptera from the Myrmeleontidae family.	Ameromyia modesta	species
taxon rank	Pogonoloma is a mushroom genus in the family Tricholomataceae in a broad sense.	Pogonoloma	genus
taxon rank	Sinophoneus is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsid in the family Anteosauridae.	Sinophoneus	genus
taxon rank	Passiflora tarminiana is a species of passionfruit.	Passiflora tarminiana	species
taxon rank	Eragrostis hypnoides is a species of grass known by the common name teal lovegrass.	Eragrostis hypnoides	species
taxon rank	Stenophlebia is an extinct genus of dragon-damselfly from late Jurassic and early Cretaceous period.	Stenophlebia	genus
taxon rank	Gargaphia solani is a subsocial species of lace bug commonly known as the eggplant lace bug.	Gargaphia solani	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Haloferax is a genus of the Halobacteriaceae.	Haloferax	genus
taxon rank	Esacus is a genus of bird in the stone-curlew family Burhinidae.	Esacus	genus
taxon rank	Nectomys magdalenae, also known as the Magdalena nectomys, is a nocturnal, semiaquatic species of rodent in the genus Nectomys of family Cricetidae.	Nectomys magdalenae	species
taxon rank	Ambassis nalua, the scalloped glassfish or scalloped perchlet, is a species of fish in the genus Ambassis.	Ambassis nalua	species
taxon rank	Jepsonia heterandra is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name foothill jepsonia.	Jepsonia heterandra	species
taxon rank	Ornithomimus (/ˌɔːrnᵻθəˈmaɪməs, -θoʊ-/; ``bird mimic'') is a genus of ornithomimid dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous Period of what is now North America.	Ornithomimus	genus
taxon rank	Utahraptor (meaning ``Utah's predator'') is a genus of theropod dinosaurs.	Utahraptor	genus
taxon rank	Brachyiulus klisurensis is a species of milipede in the genus Brachyiulus.	Brachyiulus klisurensis	species
taxon rank	Spondylus cruentus is a species of Spondylus, a genus of Bivalvia.	Spondylus cruentus	species
taxon rank	Zonulispira zonulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae, the turrids.	Zonulispira zonulata	species
taxon rank	Malus rockii is a crabapple species in the family Rosaceae.	Malus rockii	species
taxon rank	Sinomicrurus is a genus of venomous elapid snakes, one of several genera commonly known as Asian coral snakes or oriental coral snakes.	Sinomicrurus	genus
taxon rank	Turbo laminiferus, common name the crinkly turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo laminiferus	species
taxon rank	Eubotrys racemosa (syn. Leucothoe racemosa) is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common names fetterbush, swamp doghobble, and swamp sweetbells.	Eubotrys racemosa	species
taxon rank	Dupontia proletaria is an extinct species of small air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Dupontia proletaria	species
taxon rank	Parasitaxus usta (Corail) is a rare species of conifer of the family Podocarpaceae, and the sole species of the genus Parasitaxus.	Parasitaxus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Turneriprocris dolens, which is found in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania and Victoria.	Turneriprocris	species
taxon rank	Lucifuga is a genus of viviparous brotulas.	Lucifuga	genus
taxon rank	The blue spiny lizard (Sceloporus serrifer) is a species of phrynosomatid lizard.	Sceloporus serrifer	species
taxon rank	Seiodidae contains one genus, with two recognized species:	Seiodidae	genus
taxon rank	Streptanthus barbiger is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name bearded jewelflower.	Streptanthus barbiger	species
taxon rank	Huayna quillosa is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Huayna.	Huayna quillosa	species
taxon rank	Ophisternon is a genus of swamp eels.	Ophisternon	genus
taxon rank	Pseudoliparis amblystomopsis, or the hadal snailfish, is a species of snailfish from hadal depths of the North Pacific Ocean.	Pseudoliparis amblystomopsis	species
taxon rank	Lupinus latifolius is a species of lupine known by the common name broadleaf lupine.	Lupinus latifolius	species
taxon rank	Galanthus nivalis, the snowdrop or common snowdrop, is the best-known and most widespread of the 20 species in its genus, Galanthus.	Galanthus nivalis	species
taxon rank	Cyphostemma crotalarioides is a flowering plant species in the genus Cyphostemma found in Burkina Faso.	Cyphostemma crotalarioides	species
taxon rank	Traukutitan is a genus of possible lognkosaurian titanosaur sauropod dinosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous (Santonian age).	Traukutitan	genus
taxon rank	Parascopelus (meaning ``watches along'') is a genus of prehistoric fish.	Parascopelus	genus
taxon rank	Stephanomeria virgata formerly included plants that now belong to the species Stephanomeria diegensis.	Stephanomeria virgata	species
taxon rank	Bromelia hieronymi is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family native to South America.	Bromelia hieronymi	species
taxon rank	Tetraphyllidea is a large tapeworm order that contains some 60 genera and about 800 described species.	Tetraphyllidea	order
taxon rank	Belligobio is a small genus of cyprinid fishes containing two recognized species endemic to China.	Belligobio	genus
taxon rank	Conus cumingii, common name Cuming's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus cumingii	species
taxon rank	Quercus pumila (runner oak or running oak) is a North American species of oaks in the beech family.	Quercus pumila	species
taxon rank	The genus Dyrosaurus describes an extinct Crocodylomorpha form living from the upper Cretaceous to the Eocene period, surviving the K-T mass extinction or the Cretaceous--	Dyrosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Mitraria is a genus of flowering plants in the family Gesneriaceae, comprising the sole species M. coccinea (Chilean mitre flower).	Mitraria	genus
taxon rank	Lachnagrostis billardierei, commonly known as Coast Blown-grass or Sand Wind Grass, is a species of plant in the true grass family.	Lachnagrostis billardierei	species
taxon rank	Drosera magnifica is a species of sundew endemic to Pico Padre Ângelo (1500--1530 m asl) in eastern Minas Gerais in southeastern Brazil, where it grows among sandstone outcrops in herbaceous and shrubby vegetation.	Drosera magnifica	species
taxon rank	Cyathea australis, also known as the Rough Tree Fern, is a species of tree fern native to southeastern Queensland, New South Wales and southern Victoria in Australia, as well as Tasmania and Norfolk Island.	Cyathea australis	species
taxon rank	Hexaprotodon is a genus of Hippopotamidae that is sometimes applied to the pygmy hippopotamus.	Hexaprotodon	genus
taxon rank	Orthacanthus is an extinct genus of fresh-water shark from a family of prehistoric sharks known as xenacanths.	Orthacanthus	genus
taxon rank	California macrophylla, commonly known as roundleaf stork's bill, is a species of flowering plant in the geranium family, Geraniaceae.	California macrophylla	species
taxon rank	Hydrilla (Esthwaite Waterweed, waterthyme or hydrilla) is a genus of aquatic plant, usually treated as containing just one species, Hydrilla verticillata, though some botanists divide it into several species.	Hydrilla	genus
taxon rank	The Chalinidae are a family of marine demosponges, with these genera:	Chalinidae	family
taxon rank	Batrachedra tristicta is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family.	Batrachedra tristicta	species
taxon rank	Letheobia pallida is a species of blind snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Letheobia pallida	species
taxon rank	Vexillum balutensis is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusc in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.	Vexillum balutensis	species
taxon rank	The Vanuatu imperial pigeon (Ducula bakeri) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Vanuatu imperial pigeon	species
taxon rank	Crataerina pallida, the swift lousefly, is a species of biting fly in the family of louse flies Hippoboscidae.	Crataerina pallida	species
taxon rank	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata is a species of fungus in the Lophiostomataceae family.	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata	species
taxon rank	Platanthera azorica, commonly known as Hochstetter's butterfly orchid, is a species of orchid in the genus Platanthera.	Platanthera azorica	species
taxon rank	Lomatium ciliolatum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Yolla Bolly biscuitroot.	Lomatium ciliolatum	species
taxon rank	Cistus libanotis is a shrubby species of flowering plant in the family Cistaceae, with white flowers.	Cistus libanotis	species
taxon rank	Salix bakko is a species of willow native to mountains of Japan.	Salix bakko	species
taxon rank	Acheilognathus is a genus of cyprinid fish native to Asia.	Acheilognathus	genus
taxon rank	Discorbacea, Discorboidea in recent taxonomies, is a superfamily of foraminifera, (testate protists), with a range extending from the Middle Triassic to the present, characterized by chambers arranged in a low trochspiral; an umbilical or interiomarginal aperture, with or without supplementary apertures; and a wall structure that is optically radial.	Discorbacea	superfamily
taxon rank	Hylarana crassiovis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Indonesia.	Hylarana crassiovis	species
taxon rank	Microsynodontis christyi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where it occurs in the central Congo river basin.	Microsynodontis christyi	species
taxon rank	Protea obtusifolia is a species of Protea.	Protea obtusifolia	species
taxon rank	Corticaromus rueckeri is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae, the only species in the genus Corticaromus.	Corticaromus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudotsuga japonica (Japanese Douglas-fir) is a species of conifer in the pine family, Pinaceae, that is endemic to Japan.	Pseudotsuga japonica	species
taxon rank	Anaphalis javanica or Javanese edelweiss is a flowering plant species endemic to Indonesia.	Anaphalis javanica	species
taxon rank	Gracillariinae are a subfamily of moths.	Gracillariinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Sirilorica is a monospecific genus of stem-group scalidophoran from the Sirius Passet.	Sirilorica	genus
taxon rank	Aulonemia longiaristata is a species of Bamboo grass in the Poaceae family.	Aulonemia longiaristata	species
taxon rank	Botrychium minganense is a species of fern known by the common name Mingan moonwort.	Botrychium minganense	species
taxon rank	Sineleutherus is an extinct genus of euharamiyids which existed in Asia during the Jurassic period.	Sineleutherus	genus
taxon rank	Polesinesuchus is an extinct genus of stagonolepidid aetosaur known from the Late Triassic of southern Brazil.	Polesinesuchus	genus
taxon rank	Polyporus melanopus is a species of mushroom in the genus Polyporus.	Polyporus melanopus	species
taxon rank	Habromyia is a genus of around 12 Neotropical hoverflies.	Habromyia	genus
taxon rank	Chamaebatia australis is a species of aromatic evergreen shrub in the rose family known by the common names southern mountain misery and southern bearclover.	Chamaebatia australis	species
taxon rank	Oppiella nova is a species of aquatic mite in Oppiidae family that can be found world-wide including Oahu, Hawaii and Okinawa, Japan.	Oppiella nova	species
taxon rank	This specimen supposedly represented a member of the family Ctenochasmatidae, though further examination suggested it actually belonged to a teleosaurid stem-crocodilian instead of a pterosaur.	Ctenochasmatidae	family
taxon rank	Zostera chilensis is a species of eelgrass native to the seacoasts of the Coquimbo region of Chile.	Zostera chilensis	species
taxon rank	Kalapuya brunnea is a species of truffle in the monotypic fungal genus Kalapuya.	Kalapuya brunnea	species
taxon rank	Penicillium chermesinum is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil from Nova Scotia in Canada.Penicillium chermesinum produces plastatin, luteosporin, xanthomegnin, azaphilones, p-terphenyls and costaclavine.	Penicillium chermesinum	species
taxon rank	Ancyloceratidae is a family of heteromorphic ammonites that lived during the Early Cretaceous.	Ancyloceratidae	family
taxon rank	Minuartia uniflora, the one-flower stitchwort, is a species of flowering plant in the Pink Family.	Minuartia uniflora	species
taxon rank	Sason sundaicum is a species of barychelid trapdoor spiders that is found on trees near the sea, usually closer than 100 metres, although distances of up to five kilometres have been observed.	Sason sundaicum	species
taxon rank	Chenopodiastrum murale, (Syn. Chenopodium murale) is a species of plant in the amaranth family known by the common names Nettle-leaved Goosefoot, Australian-spinach, salt-green, sowbane.	Chenopodiastrum murale	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea abrupta is a species of plant in the Convolvulaceae family of the genus Ipomoea.	Ipomoea abrupta	species
taxon rank	Eumecia is a genus of skinks found in Sub-Saharan Africa.	Eumecia	genus
taxon rank	Gyrinocheilus pennocki, also known as the spotted algae eater, is a species of freshwater fish endemic to the Mekong basin in Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos, and Thailand.	Gyrinocheilus pennocki	species
taxon rank	Culex tritaeniorhynchus is a species of mosquito and is the main vector of the disease Japanese encephalitis.	Culex tritaeniorhynchus	species
taxon rank	Euspira triseriata, common name the spotted moonsnail, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Euspira triseriata	species
taxon rank	Sauroposeidon (/ˌsɔːroʊpoʊˈsaɪdən/ SOR-o-po-SY-dən; meaning ``earthquake god lizard'', after the Greek god Poseidon) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur known from several incomplete specimens including a bone bed and fossilized trackways that have been found in the American states of Oklahoma, Wyoming, and Texas.	Sauroposeidon	genus
taxon rank	Minuartia cismontana is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name cismontane minuartia.	Minuartia cismontana	species
taxon rank	Lycodes is a genus of zoarcid fish in the subfamily Zoarcinae.	Lycodes	genus
taxon rank	Zigongosaurus (meaning ``Zigong lizard'') is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic-Late Jurassic-age Shaximiao Formation of Zigong, Sichuan, China.	Zigongosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Sacculina is a genus of barnacles that is a parasitic castrator of crabs.	Sacculina	genus
taxon rank	Chrysomantis speciosa is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Angola, and the Congo River region.	Chrysomantis speciosa	species
taxon rank	Hylarana banjarana is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana native to Peninsular Malaysia and extreme southern Thailand, and possibly Indonesia.	Hylarana banjarana	species
taxon rank	Billardiera heterophylla (formerly Sollya heterophylla) is a species of flowering plant in the family Pittosporaceae, known by the common name bluebell creeper.	Billardiera heterophylla	species
taxon rank	Isochilus linearis (narrowleaf equallip orchid) is a species of orchid native to Mexico, the West Indies, Central America and South America.	Isochilus linearis	species
taxon rank	Isoxys is a genus of extinct, pelagic bivalved arthropod; the various species may have been free-swimming predators.	Isoxys	genus
taxon rank	Smaragdion viride is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Smaragdion.	Smaragdion	species
taxon rank	Haliotis asinina, common name the ass's-ear abalone, is a fairly large species of sea snail, a tropical gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones, also known as ormers or paua.	Haliotis asinina	species
taxon rank	Conus telatus, common name the Philippine cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus telatus	species
taxon rank	Virgibacillus is a genus of Gram-positive, rod-shaped (bacillus) bacteria and a member of the phylum Firmicutes.	Virgibacillus	genus
taxon rank	Lamellibrachia luymesi is a species of tube worms in the family Siboglinidae.	Lamellibrachia luymesi	species
taxon rank	Omobranchus angelus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific Ocean, around Heron Island, Australia.	Omobranchus angelus	species
taxon rank	Cranopsis multistriata, common name the many-ribbed puncturella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Cranopsis multistriata	species
taxon rank	Parastrachiidae is a family of true bugs belonging to the ordo Hemiptera.	Parastrachiidae	family
taxon rank	The family Chinchillidae is in the order Rodentia and consists of the chinchillas, the viscachas, and their fossil relatives.	Chinchillidae	family
taxon rank	Bolandra is a small genus of plants related to the saxifrages.	Bolandra	genus
taxon rank	Saltugilia australis (syn. Gilia australis) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name southern gilia.	Saltugilia australis	species
taxon rank	Daphnopsis folsomii is a plant species native to Panamá.	Daphnopsis folsomii	species
taxon rank	× Cremnosedum is a hybrid genus produced from crosses involving the genera Cremnophila and Sedum.	× Cremnosedum	genus
taxon rank	Maua albigutta is a cicada species that is widely distributed in Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia and has been recorded once from Borneo	Maua albigutta	species
taxon rank	Mannophryne is a genus of frogs native to Venezuela and Trinidad and Tobago.	Mannophryne	genus
taxon rank	Ichthyosaurus anningae is an extinct species of aquatic reptile in the genus Ichthyosaurus, formally described in 2015 from a fossil found in the early 1980s in Dorset, England.	Ichthyosaurus anningae	species
taxon rank	Ancornallis cristatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ancornallis.	Ancornallis cristatus	species
taxon rank	Rubus macrophyllus is a European species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus macrophyllus	species
taxon rank	Calliphora livida, known as the slow-flying and loud-buzzing blue bottle fly, was first discovered by Jean-Baptiste Robineau-Desvoidy who originally thought C. livida was part of the species Calliphora viridescens.	Calliphora livida	species
taxon rank	Dalbergia frutescens is a species of shrub distributed along the Atlantic coast of South America.	Dalbergia frutescens	species
taxon rank	Crataegus wilsonii is a species of hawthorn native to the mountains of southwestern China at elevations of 900 to 3000 meters.	Crataegus wilsonii	species
taxon rank	Adiantum trapeziforme (giant maidenhair or diamond maidenhair) is a species of fern in the genus Adiantum, native to the tropical rainforests of Central and South America.	Adiantum trapeziforme	species
taxon rank	Thetys vagina is the largest known species of salp and the only valid species of the genus Thetys.	Thetys vagina	species
taxon rank	Erigeron elatior is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name tall fleabane.	Erigeron elatior	species
taxon rank	Dolomedes sulfureus is a species of venomous spiders commonly known as fishing spiders belonging to a family of Dolomedes.	Dolomedes sulfureus	species
taxon rank	Ruschia is a genus of succulent plant, in family Aizoaceae, indigenous to the dryer parts of southern Africa.	Ruschia	genus
taxon rank	Protubera canescens is a species of truffle-like fungus in the Phallogastraceae family.	Protubera canescens	species
taxon rank	Stigmatochromis is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids that are endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.	Stigmatochromis	genus
taxon rank	Xenisthmus polyzonatus (bull's-eye wriggler or polyzonate wriggler) is a species of fish in the Xenisthmidae (wriggler) family.	Xenisthmus polyzonatus	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces erringtonii is a filamentous bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from hay meadow soil from the Cockle Park Experimental Farm in Northumberland in the United Kingdom.	Streptomyces erringtonii	species
taxon rank	Podotheca angustifolia, commonly known as Sticky Longheads, is a species of herb native to Australia.	Podotheca angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Zinnosaurus is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid from the Early Triassic of Brazil.	Zinnosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Eupoecila is a genus of scarab beetle family that includes five species, all of which are found in Australia.	Eupoecila	genus
taxon rank	Hippocastanaceae is the name given to a small group of trees and shrubs, when this group is treated as a family.	Hippocastanaceae	family
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Idiomyces peyritschii.	Idiomyces	species
taxon rank	Quesnelia arvensis is a species of bromeliad in the genus Quesnelia.	Quesnelia arvensis	species
taxon rank	The Microphysidae are a very small family of bugs, comprising only 5 genera.	Microphysidae	family
taxon rank	Liobagrus obesus, the bull-head torrent catfish, is a species of catfish in the Amblycipitidae family (the torrent catfishes) endemic to South Korea, where it occurs in the middle parts of the Geum, Mangyeong, and Yeongsan rivers.	Liobagrus obesus	species
taxon rank	Palerasnitsynus is a genus of extinct caddisfly that existed during the Late Albian Cretaceous of Myanmar.	Palerasnitsynus	genus
taxon rank	Ergalatax margariticola, common name : the Shouldered Castor Bean, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Ergalatax margariticola	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species Sudaniola remanella, which is found in Spain and Sudan.	Sudaniola	species
taxon rank	Proceratophrys is a genus of frogs in the Odontophrynidae family.	Proceratophrys	genus
taxon rank	The Kotagama's dwarf toad, Duttaphrynus kotagamai, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Duttaphrynus kotagamai	species
taxon rank	Iris longipetala is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus of Limniris and it is also in the series Longipetalae.	Iris longipetala	species
taxon rank	The Seychelles giant millipede (Sechelleptus seychellarum), is a species of millipede endemic to Seychelles.	Seychelles giant millipede	species
taxon rank	Melica minuta is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in North Africa, Western Asia, on Iberian Peninsula and in Southeast Europe.	Melica minuta	species
taxon rank	Pouzolzia is a genus of flowering plants in the nettle family.	Pouzolzia	genus
taxon rank	Pantolia flavomarginata is a species of beetles belonging the family Scarabaeidae.	Pantolia flavomarginata	species
taxon rank	Heliotrygon rosai, the Rosa's round ray, is a freshwater stingray species native to Brazil in the upper, middle, and lower Rio Amazonas basin.	Heliotrygon rosai	species
taxon rank	Felimida clenchi, common name the ``harlequin blue doris'', is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Felimida clenchi	species
taxon rank	Ziziphora is a genus of annual or perennial herbs or subshrubs in the Lamiaceae family.	Ziziphora	genus
taxon rank	Allancastria is a genus of Palaearctic swallowtail butterflies in the subfamily Parnassiinae.	Allancastria	genus
taxon rank	Quedrastichodella gracilis is a wasp species in the genus Quedrastichodella found in Japan .	Quedrastichodella gracilis	species
taxon rank	Lotongus is a genus of grass skippers in the family Hesperiidae.The genus is confined to the Indomalaya ecozone.	Lotongus	genus
taxon rank	Dendrobium mindanaense, known as the Mindanao Dendrobium, is an orchid species that is found on the Philippines.	Dendrobium mindanaense	species
taxon rank	Phoenix loureiroi (common name mountain date palm ) is a species of flowering plant in the palm family, indigenous to southern Asia, from the southern islands of the Philippines, India, southern Bhutan, Burma, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Pakistan, and China.	Phoenix loureiroi	species
taxon rank	Gongora ilense is a species of orchid found in Ecuador.	Gongora ilense	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia serpens is a species of euphorb known by the common name matted sandmat.	Euphorbia serpens	species
taxon rank	Iris albertii is a species of iris found in Central Asia.	Iris albertii	species
taxon rank	Rubus andrewsianus, Andrews' blackberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus andrewsianus	species
taxon rank	Cipriscola fasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cipriscola.	Cipriscola fasciata	species
taxon rank	Ensete is a genus of monocarpic flowering plants native to tropical regions of Africa and Asia.	Ensete	genus
taxon rank	Allium songpanicum is a plant species endemic to Sichuan Province in southern China.	Allium songpanicum	species
taxon rank	Mongolicosa gobiensis is a species of wolf spider only known from a single female collected in Khürmen district, Ömnögovi Province, Mongolia.	Mongolicosa gobiensis	species
taxon rank	Sabicea villosa, the woolly woodvine, is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Sabicea villosa	species
taxon rank	Andromeda polifolia, common name bog-rosemary, is a species of flowering plant native to northern parts of the Northern Hemisphere.	Andromeda polifolia	species
taxon rank	Prolagus imperialis was an extinct species in the genus Prolagus.	Prolagus imperialis	species
taxon rank	Elymus caninus (bearded couch or bearded wheatgrass) is a species of flowering plant in the Poaceae family that is native to Europe including the UK but can be found introduced in the US states of Oregon and Washington.	Elymus caninus	species
taxon rank	Partuloidea is a superfamily of air-breathing land snails.	Partuloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Apamauta lineolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Apamauta.	Apamauta lineolata	species
taxon rank	Micrixalus (commonly known as dancing frogs, tropical frogs, and torrent frogs) is a genus of frogs from that are endemic to the Western Ghats in India.	Micrixalus	genus
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum victoria-regina is an orchid species endemic to the rainforests of western Sumatra.	Paphiopedilum victoria-regina	species
taxon rank	The spotted hake or spotted codling (Urophycis regia) is a fish species belonging to the genus Urophycis.	Urophycis regia	species
taxon rank	Schistura quasimodo is a species of stone loach (a ray-finned fish) in the genus Schistura.	Schistura quasimodo	species
taxon rank	Nereocystis (Greek for ``mermaid's bladder'') is a monotypic genus of kelp containing the species Nereocystis luetkeana.	Nereocystis	genus
taxon rank	Botryotinia is a genus of ascomycete fungi causing several plant diseases.	Botryotinia	genus
taxon rank	Abroma is a genus in the Sterculiaceae family of two species from Asia and Australia.	Abroma	genus
taxon rank	Falsagnia obenbergeri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsagnia.	Falsagnia obenbergeri	species
taxon rank	Maritigrella fuscopunctata is a species of marine polyclad flatworm in the family Euryleptidae from Indo-Pacific .	Maritigrella fuscopunctata	species
taxon rank	Dipnorhynchus is an extinct genus of lungfish from the middle Devonian period of Australia and Europe.	Dipnorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Klossia is a genus of parasitic protozoa of the phylum Apicomplexa.	Klossia	genus
taxon rank	Achnophora is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1883.	Achnophora	genus
taxon rank	Pimelabditus moli is a species of long-whiskered catfish native to French Guiana and Suriname where it is found in the Maroni River basin.	Pimelabditus moli	species
taxon rank	Oeceoclades seychellarum is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that was endemic to the island of Mahé in the Seychelles but is now considered to be extinct.	Oeceoclades seychellarum	species
taxon rank	Pisidium pulchellum, the iridescent pea mussel, is a minute species of pea clam, a freshwater bivalve in the family Sphaeriidae.	Pisidium pulchellum	species
taxon rank	Wannia is an extinct genus of basal phytosaur reptile known from the Late Triassic (late Carnian or early Norian stage) of Texas, southern USA.	Wannia	genus
taxon rank	Helianthus microcephalus is a perennial species of Helianthus also known as small woodland sunflower or small-wood sunflower or small-head sunflower or simply as woodland sunflower.	Helianthus microcephalus	species
taxon rank	Methylophaga marina is an obligately methylotrophic, Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, motile, rod-shaped bacteria, the type species of its genus.	Methylophaga marina	species
taxon rank	Aegilops longissima (syn. Aegilops sharonense Eig, Sitopsis longissima (Schweinf. & Muschl.) Á. Löve, Triticum longissimum (Schweinf. & Muschl.) Bowden, Triticum sharonense L.) is a species in the Poaceae family.	Aegilops longissima	species
taxon rank	Astylosternus (commonly known as night frogs) is a genus of frogs in the Arthroleptidae family.	Astylosternus	genus
taxon rank	Ermischiella papuana is a species of beetle in the Ermischiella genus.	Ermischiella papuana	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Syrropeltis xylopiae.	Syrropeltis	species
taxon rank	Vespomima nigrotaenia is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Vespomima of the family Ulidiidae.	Vespomima nigrotaenia	species
taxon rank	Endothamna marmarocyma is a moth in the Copromorphidae family, and the only species in the genus Endothamna.	Endothamna marmarocyma	species
taxon rank	Lepidium montanum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names mountain pepperweed, mountain peppergrass, mountain pepperwort, and mountain pepperplant.	Lepidium montanum	species
taxon rank	Uleiorchis is a genus of myco-heterotrophic flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Uleiorchis	genus
taxon rank	Argyrodes cognatus is a species of tangle-web spider that is endemic to the Seychelles, and can be found on Mahé, Conception, Silhouette and Marianne islands.	Argyrodes cognatus	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia brevidens, the Mauna Kea phyllostegia, is a plant species in the Lamiaceae first described in 1862.	Phyllostegia brevidens	species
taxon rank	Leionema coxii is a shrub species that is endemic to southern New South Wales in Australia.	Leionema coxii	species
taxon rank	It was described by Rebel in 1901, and contains the species Salinaria diffusella.	Salinaria	species
taxon rank	Hemibarbus mylodon is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish endemic to Korea.	Hemibarbus mylodon	species
taxon rank	Rhynchocalyx lawsonioides is a small flowering tree, the sole species of the genus Rhynchocalyx.	Rhynchocalyx	species
taxon rank	Lactuca floridana, the woodland lettuce, is a North American species of wild lettuce.	Lactuca floridana	species
taxon rank	Omphalotus is a genus of basidiomycete mushroom formally circumscribed by Victor Fayod in 1889.	Omphalotus	genus
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys moojeni is a species of rodent from South America in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys moojeni	species
taxon rank	Canarium zeylanicum is a species of flowering plant in the frankincense family, Burseraceae, that is endemic to Sri Lanka.	Canarium zeylanicum	species
taxon rank	Chlorurus enneacanthus, known commonly as the captain parrotfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Scaridae.	Chlorurus enneacanthus	species
taxon rank	Limnonectes tweediei (common name: Tweedie's wart frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Limnonectes tweediei	species
taxon rank	Bayou virus (BAYV) is a species of hantavirus first identified in 1994 in Louisiana.	Bayou virus	species
taxon rank	Comparettia, abbreviated Comp in the horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids.	Comparettia	genus
taxon rank	Tabernaemontana sananho is a tropical tree species in the family Apocynaceae.	Tabernaemontana sananho	species
taxon rank	Friedmanniella lacustris is a species of Gram-positive, non-motile and aerobic bacteria.	Friedmanniella lacustris	species
taxon rank	Mikeius hartigi is a species of wasp found in Australia, the type species of its genus.	Mikeius hartigi	species
taxon rank	Cominella glandiformis, or the mud whelk or mud-flat whelk is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Cominella glandiformis	species
taxon rank	Oarfish are large, greatly elongated, pelagic lampriform fish belonging to the small family Regalecidae.	Oarfish	family
taxon rank	The Neuradaceae are a family of flowering plant, comprising three genera --	Neuradaceae	family
taxon rank	Perisama is a brush-footed butterfly genus found in the Neotropical Ecozone, ranging from Colombia and Venezuela to Argentina.	Perisama	genus
taxon rank	Veronica wormskjoldii is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name American alpine speedwell.	Veronica wormskjoldii	species
taxon rank	Gonoretodes is a monotypic genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae from Madagascar.	Gonoretodes	genus
taxon rank	Solidago tortifolia, commonly known as twistleaf goldenrod, is a North American species of goldenrod in the sunflower family.	Solidago tortifolia	species
taxon rank	Dinanomodon is a genus of dicynodont from Late Permian (Changhsingian) of the Karoo Province of South Africa.	Dinanomodon	genus
taxon rank	Coilostylis ciliaris (Fringed Star Orchid), formerly Epidendrum ciliare, is a species of orchid in the genus Coilostylis.	Coilostylis ciliaris	species
taxon rank	Rhopilema esculentum, the flame jellyfish, is a species of jellyfish native to the warm temperate waters of the Pacific Ocean.	Rhopilema esculentum	species
taxon rank	Bothrops venezuelensis, or the Venezuelan lancehead, is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family.	Bothrops venezuelensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudostellaria is a genus of flowering plants in the pink family.	Pseudostellaria	genus
taxon rank	Megathecla is a gossamer-winged butterfly genus of tribe Eumaeini in the subfamily Theclinae.	Megathecla	genus
taxon rank	Raphistemma is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1831.	Raphistemma	genus
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus caudatus is a species of plant in the evergreen or semi-evergreen Dipterocarpaceae family.	Dipterocarpus caudatus	species
taxon rank	Lawrencella is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family endemic to Australia.	Lawrencella	genus
taxon rank	Eudimorphodontidae is an extinct family of early pterosaurs from the Late Triassic (early Norian to Rhaetian age) of Europe.	Eudimorphodontidae	family
taxon rank	Mylochromis gracilis, known as the happy or the Haplochromis torpedo stripe (in aquarium trade), is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from sandy areas in the southern end of the lake.	Mylochromis gracilis	species
taxon rank	Lutraria lutraria is a species of large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae.	Lutraria lutraria	species
taxon rank	Pleocoma bicolor is a species of beetle described by Linsley in 1935.	Pleocoma bicolor	species
taxon rank	Spectracanthicus punctatissimus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Xingu River basin.	Spectracanthicus punctatissimus	species
taxon rank	Asclepias viridis is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common names green antelopehorn and spider milkweed.	Asclepias viridis	species
taxon rank	Agapanthia boeberi is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that are endemic to Lebanon.	Agapanthia boeberi	species
taxon rank	Beloceratidae is a family of ammonites included in the ordery Ceratitida.	Beloceratidae	family
taxon rank	Cheliderpeton (often misspelled Chelyderpeton) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian.	Cheliderpeton	genus
taxon rank	Eriothymus is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described as a genus in 1835.	Eriothymus	genus
taxon rank	Trichosalpinx egleri is a species of orchid native to southern tropical America (Venezuela, Peru, Brazil, Bolivia, Suriname, Guyana, French Guiana and the Caribbean).	Trichosalpinx egleri	species
taxon rank	The Taiwan vole (Microtus kikuchii) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Taiwan vole	species
taxon rank	Anebolithus is a genus of trilobite found in Gilwern Hill, Powys, Wales.	Anebolithus	genus
taxon rank	Coelodonta tologoijensis is an extinct species of woolly rhino (Coelodonta).	Coelodonta tologoijensis	species
taxon rank	Smilax pulverulenta, the downy carrionflower, is a North American species of plants native to the eastern and central United States.	Smilax pulverulenta	species
taxon rank	Potentilla nepalensis, common name cinquefoil, is a perennial plant species in the genus Potentilla.	Potentilla nepalensis	species
taxon rank	Proboscidea louisianica is a species of flowering plant in the family Martyniaceae.	Proboscidea louisianica	species
taxon rank	Yongeichthys is a genus of gobies native to the coastal waters of the Atlantic coast of Africa, Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Yongeichthys	genus
taxon rank	Calylophus serrulatus is a species of flowering plant in the Onagraceae known by the common name yellow sundrops.	Calylophus serrulatus	species
taxon rank	Lepipaschia inornata is a species of snout moth in the genus Lepipaschia.	Lepipaschia inornata	species
taxon rank	Oligodon sublineatus, commonly known as Dumeril's kukri snake or Pulli Dath Ketiya-පුල්ලි දත්-කැටියා (Sinhala) is a species of nonvenomous kukri snake found in Sri Lanka.	Oligodon sublineatus	species
taxon rank	Thysanozoon nigropapillosum is a species of polyclad flatworms belonging to the family Pseudocerotidae.	Thysanozoon nigropapillosum	species
taxon rank	Monotaxis grandoculis, the Humpnose big-eye bream, is a species of emperor native to the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean to the Hawaiian Islands.	Monotaxis grandoculis	species
taxon rank	Chondracanthidae is a family of parasitic copepods, usually found infecting the branchial chamber of demersal fishes.	Chondracanthidae	family
taxon rank	Anoplotherium is an extinct genus of ungulates which lived from the Late Eocene to the earliest Oligocene.	Anoplotherium	genus
taxon rank	Thryptomene saxicola, commonly known as Rock Thryptomene, is a shrub species in the family Myrtaceae.	Thryptomene saxicola	species
taxon rank	The Auckland green gecko, Naultinus elegans elegans, is a subspecies of gecko found only in the northern half of the North Island of New Zealand, except north of Whangaroa.	Auckland green gecko	subspecies
taxon rank	Cosmopolitodus is an extinct genus of sharks, commonly known as mackerel sharks or white sharks.	Cosmopolitodus	genus
taxon rank	Agrostis mannii is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.	Agrostis mannii	species
taxon rank	Symplocos octopetala is a species of evergreen woody plant with small white flowers in the Symplocaceae family.	Symplocos octopetala	species
taxon rank	Volvopluteus gloiocephalus, commonly known as the big sheath mushroom, rose-gilled grisette, or stubble rosegill, is a species of mushroom in the family Pluteaceae.	Volvopluteus gloiocephalus	species
taxon rank	Pseudophygopoda subvestita is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Pseudophygopoda.	Pseudophygopoda	species
taxon rank	Ericameria resinosa, the Columbia Goldenweed, is a North American species of flowering shrubs in the daisy family.	Ericameria resinosa	species
taxon rank	Ellopostoma is a small genus of loaches native to Southeast Asia.	Ellopostoma	genus
taxon rank	Echinomastus mariposensis (syn. Neolloydia mariposensis, Sclerocactus mariposensis) is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Lloyd's fishhook cactus, golfball cactus, silver column cactus, and Mariposa cactus.	Echinomastus mariposensis	species
taxon rank	Its only described species, Corcovetella aemulatrix, is found in Brazil.	Corcovetella	species
taxon rank	Hypoaspis miles and the similar species, H. aculiefer are soil-dwelling, predatory mites.	Hypoaspis miles	species
taxon rank	Callirhoe scabriuscula is a rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Texas poppy mallow.	Callirhoe scabriuscula	species
taxon rank	Lissospira bushae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae,	Lissospira bushae	species
taxon rank	Hypoatherina is a genus of silversides in the family Atherinidae.	Hypoatherina	genus
taxon rank	Spinoaequalis is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile.	Spinoaequalis	genus
taxon rank	Thunbergia alata, commonly called Black-eyed Susan vine, is a herbaceous perennial climbing plant species in the Acanthaceae family.	Thunbergia alata	species
taxon rank	Eumetopina flavipes, the island sugarcane planthopper, is a species of planthopper present throughout South East Asia.	Eumetopina flavipes	species
taxon rank	Margarites hickmanae, common name the Hickman margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites hickmanae	species
taxon rank	Sepia tokioensis is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean, specifically Japanese waters from Tsugaru Strait to Kyūshū and the Ohsumi Islands, including Sagami Bay, Suruga Bay, the western Japan Sea, and Shimane Prefecture.	Sepia tokioensis	species
taxon rank	The Elateroidea are a large superfamily of beetles.	Elateroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Polybia paulista is a species of eusocial wasp that lives in Brazil.	Polybia paulista	species
taxon rank	Melica teneriffae, is a grass species in the Poaceae family that is endemic to the Canary Islands.	Melica teneriffae	species
taxon rank	Menuthia nanella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Menuthia.	Menuthia nanella	species
taxon rank	The Heterobathmioidea are a superfamily of the Lepidoptera, comprising the single family Heterobathmiidae, which itself contains only a single genus, Heterobathmia.	Heterobathmioidea	family
taxon rank	Tsoabichi is an extinct genus of caiman crocodylian.	Tsoabichi	genus
taxon rank	Syllonoma is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family, first described by Jerry A. Powell in 1985.	Syllonoma	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtocarenum cunicularium is a trapdoor spider species found in Greece, Crete, Rhodes and Turkey.	Cyrtocarenum cunicularium	species
taxon rank	Dactyloscopus comptus is a species of sand stargazer native to the coastal waters of the Bahamas and possibly Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.	Dactyloscopus comptus	species
taxon rank	Pharyngochromis is a genus of cichlids native to East Africa where they are only known from the Zambezi River system.	Pharyngochromis	genus
taxon rank	Mamastrovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Astroviridae.	Mamastrovirus	genus
taxon rank	Tillandsia ionantha, the sky plant, is a species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia ionantha	species
taxon rank	Sepia pardex is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean, specifically off Japan, along the Pacific coast from the Chiba Peninsula, and along the Japan Sea coast from Toyama Bay to South Korea.	Sepia pardex	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus cavalliensis is a species of electric catfish endemic to Ivory Coast where it occurs in the Cavally River.	Malapterurus cavalliensis	species
taxon rank	Kōlea lau nui (Myrsine lessertiana) is a species of colicwood that is endemic to Hawaiʻi.	Myrsine lessertiana	species
taxon rank	Verbena litoralis is a species of verbena known by the common names seashore vervain and Brazilian vervain, and in Hawaiian, ōwī.	Verbena litoralis	species
taxon rank	Rhynchodoras xingui is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper Xingu River basin.	Rhynchodoras xingui	species
taxon rank	The species Pelagophycus porra, also known as Elk kelp, grows in temperatures of no higher than 60° Fahrenheit (15.56° Celsius.)	Pelagophycus	species
taxon rank	Clinus rotundifrons, the Kelp klipfish, is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Namibia to South Africa where it inhabits kelp beds.	Clinus rotundifrons	species
taxon rank	Scenella tenuistriata is an extinct species generally classified as a mollusc or hydrozoan in the family Scenellidae.	Scenella tenuistriata	species
taxon rank	Prognathodon ('forejaw tooth') is an extinct genus of mosasaur squamate reptile.	Prognathodon	genus
taxon rank	Bostrichus is a genus of beetles found in the Palearctic (including Europe), the Near East, and North Africa.	Bostrichus	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus pulsiferae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Ames' milkvetch.	Astragalus pulsiferae	species
taxon rank	Xenophthalmichthys danae is a species of pencil smelt found in deep waters to 1,250 metres (4,100 ft).	Xenophthalmichthys danae	species
taxon rank	Bowenia spectabilis is a species of cycad in the Stangeriaceae family.	Bowenia spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Calathus focarilei is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to Italy.	Calathus focarilei	species
taxon rank	Rafinesquia neomexicana is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family (Commonly called the Sunflower Family or Daisy Family).	Rafinesquia neomexicana	species
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum samoanum also known as ``The Samoan Bulbophyllum'' is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	Bulbophyllum samoanum	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus tetranemus, the Throatspotted blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from the Gulf of California to Peru as well as around the Galapagos Islands.	Malacoctenus tetranemus	species
taxon rank	Cantharidella ocellina, common name the eyelet top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Cantharidella ocellina	species
taxon rank	Platycephalichthys is a genus of tristichopterid lobe-finned fish which lived during the middle Devonian, upper Givetian stage.	Platycephalichthys	genus
taxon rank	Allium amethystinum is a plant species native to Italy, Greece, Turkey, Sicily, Crete, Malta, Albania, Bulgaria, and the former Yugoslavia, and cultivated elsewhere as an ornamental.	Allium amethystinum	species
taxon rank	Axelrodia is a genus of small characin from the Amazon Basin and Meta River in South America, with three currently described species:	Axelrodia	genus
taxon rank	Galearieae is a no-longer-recognized tribe of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Galearieae	tribe
taxon rank	Ophias albiundalis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Ophias.	Ophias	species
taxon rank	Gryllus rubens, commonly known as the southeastern field cricket, is one of many cricket species known as a field cricket.	Gryllus rubens	species
taxon rank	Gymnotocinclus anosteos is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil, where it is found in the Tocantinzinho River in the Tocantins River basin.	Gymnotocinclus anosteos	species
taxon rank	Brugmansia versicolor is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family, commonly known as ``Angel's Trumpets''.	Brugmansia versicolor	species
taxon rank	Striophytoecia mirei is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily, and the only species in the genus Striophytoecia.	Striophytoecia mirei	species
taxon rank	Alcyonium acaule or Mediterranean sea-finger is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family.	Alcyonium acaule	species
taxon rank	Phidippus otiosus is a species of jumping spider that is found in southeastern North America.	Phidippus otiosus	species
taxon rank	Cyperus niger is a species of sedge known by the common name black flatsedge.	Cyperus niger	species
taxon rank	The Miami blue is the only subspecies of Cyclargus thomasi found in the United States.	Miami blue	subspecies
taxon rank	Otodus is an extinct genus of mackerel shark which lived during the Paleocene and Eocene epochs, approximately 60 to 45 million years ago.	Otodus	genus
taxon rank	Holospira bilamellata, common name bilamellate holospira, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Urocoptidae.	Holospira bilamellata	species
taxon rank	Erysimum ammophilum is a species of wallflower known by the common name coast wallflower.	Erysimum ammophilum	species
taxon rank	Thelypodium milleflorum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names manyflower thelypody and many-flowered thelypodium.	Thelypodium milleflorum	species
taxon rank	Searsia koefoedi, Koefoed's searsid, is a species of tubeshoulder found in the oceans at depths of from 450 to 1,500 metres (1,480 to 4,920 ft).	Searsia koefoedi	species
taxon rank	Exallandra is a genus of hoverflies in the subfamily Syrphinae.	Exallandra	genus
taxon rank	Leptobrachium hendricksoni (common names: Thai spadefoot toad, bright yellow-eyed crawl frog, spotted litter frog) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Leptobrachium hendricksoni	species
taxon rank	Dendrochirotida are an order of sea cucumbers.	Dendrochirotida	order
taxon rank	Heritiera parvifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae (or Sterculiaceae).	Heritiera parvifolia	species
taxon rank	Lethata is a genus of moth in the subfamily Stenomatinae.	Lethata	genus
taxon rank	The Arcoida is an extant order of bivalve molluscs.	Arcoida	order
taxon rank	Carex breweri, known as Brewer's sedge, is a species of sedge that grows on dry rocky or gravel slopes in the Sierra Nevada and Cascade Mountains of the western United States, as far north as Mount Hood.	Carex breweri	species
taxon rank	Proteroiulus fuscus is a species of millipede in the family Blaniulidae which can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania, Andorra, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Moldova, Monaco, Romania, San Marino, Vatican City, all states of former Yugoslavia and some European islands.	Proteroiulus fuscus	species
taxon rank	Flower crab spiders are crab spiders of the genus Misumena with holarctic distribution.	Flower crab spider	genus
taxon rank	Brylkinia is a genus of East Asian plants in the grass family.	Brylkinia	genus
taxon rank	The Asiatic wildcat (Felis silvestris ornata) is a wildcat subspecies that occurs from the eastern Caspian north to Kazakhstan, into western India, western China and southern Mongolia.	Asiatic wildcat	subspecies
taxon rank	Achatina glutinosa, common name the African land snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae, the giant African snails.	Achatina glutinosa	species
taxon rank	Vulpes qiuzhudingi is an extinct species of fox found in the Himalayas.	Vulpes qiuzhudingi	species
taxon rank	Metasequoia occidentalis is an extinct redwood species of the family Cupressaceae that is found as fossils throughout the Northern Hemisphere.	Metasequoia occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus shebae is a species of hermit crab native to Madagascar, the Red Sea, Réunion, the Seychelles, and the West Indian Ocean.	Ciliopagurus shebae	species
taxon rank	The family Stromateidae of butterfishes contains 15 species of fish in three genera.	Stromateidae	family
taxon rank	Petalocrinidae is an extinct family of cladid crinoid from the Early Ordovician to Lower Devonian.	Petalocrinidae	family
taxon rank	Sperata is a genus of bagrid catfishes.	Sperata	genus
taxon rank	Bishanopliosaurus is a genus of plesiosaur.	Bishanopliosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Heteronemertea is a monophyletic order of about 500 species of nemertean worm.	Heteronemertea	order
taxon rank	Allium pseudoalbidum is a species of onion that is endemic to Kars Province in Turkey.	Allium pseudoalbidum	species
taxon rank	Paraneetroplus synspilus, the quetzel cichlid, redhead cichlid or firehead cichlid, is a species of cichlid native to Central America where it occurs in the Usumacinta River drainage in the countries of Mexico, Belize and Guatemala.	Paraneetroplus synspilus	species
taxon rank	Aspergillus niger or A. niger is a fungus and one of the most common species of the genus Aspergillus.	Aspergillus niger	species
taxon rank	Cattleya harrisoniana (``Harrison's Cattley's orchid'') is a bifoliate Cattleya species of orchid.	Cattleya harrisoniana	species
taxon rank	Garra tana is a species of tropical ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.	Garra tana	species
taxon rank	Plumbago zeylanica, commonly known as Ceylon leadwort, doctorbush or wild leadwort, is a species of plumbago with a pantropical distribution.	Plumbago zeylanica	species
taxon rank	Indotrigonodon is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Paleocene epoch.	Indotrigonodon	genus
taxon rank	Lactuca ludoviciana, the biannual lettuce, is a North American species of wild lettuce.	Lactuca ludoviciana	species
taxon rank	Typhlops vermicularis, the European blind snake or European worm snake, is a species of snake in the genus Typhlops.	Typhlops vermicularis	species
taxon rank	Leeches are segmented worms that belong to the phylum Annelida and comprise the subclass Hirudinea.	Leech	subclass
taxon rank	Endiandra hypotephra, commonly known as blue walnut or northern rose walnut, is a species of flowering plant in the family Lauraceae.	Endiandra hypotephra	species
taxon rank	Sooretamys angouya, also known as the rat-headed rice rat, and Paraguayan rice rat, is a rodent species from South America.	Sooretamys	species
taxon rank	Mummaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites, with five known species.	Mummaspis	genus
taxon rank	Microtis unifolia is a species of orchid occurring from south China to Japan, Malesia, and Australasia to the Southwest Pacific.	Microtis unifolia	species
taxon rank	Alveopora viridis is a species of stony coral that has a highly disjunct range, and can be found in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden, the northern Indian Ocean and in Palau and the Mariana Islands.	Alveopora viridis	species
taxon rank	Calotes ceylonensis, commonly known as the painted-lipped lizard or the Sri Lanka bloodsucker, is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.	Calotes ceylonensis	species
taxon rank	Pareiorhina carrancas is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is known from Debaixo da Serra, a headwater stream with clear, cold and moderate to fast flowing water of the Rio Grande basin in the State of Minas Gerais of southeastern Brazil.	Pareiorhina carrancas	species
taxon rank	Viola bakeri is a species of violet known by the common name Baker's violet.	Viola bakeri	species
taxon rank	Oberea is a genus of longhorn beetles, most of which are stem borers of various plants, including blackberries and their relatives.	Oberea	genus
taxon rank	Scopula emutaria, the rosy wave, is a species of moth in the Geometridae family.	Scopula emutaria	species
taxon rank	Chaetophractus is a small genus of armadillos in the family Dasypodidae.	Chaetophractus	genus
taxon rank	The Visayan leopard cat (Prionailurus bengalensis rabori) is a recently described subspecies on the basis of morphological analysis, although genetic analysis in progress is necessary to confirm its taxonomic distinction.	Visayan leopard cat	subspecies
taxon rank	Edestus is a genus of eugeneodontid holocephalid that lived throughout the world's oceans during the late Carboniferous.	Edestus	genus
taxon rank	Lessingia micradenia is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Mt.	Lessingia micradenia	species
taxon rank	Starksia galapagensis, the Galapagos blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Galapagos Islands.	Starksia galapagensis	species
taxon rank	Cincinnetina is an extinct genus of brachiopods which existed in what is now the United States during the Late Ordovician.	Cincinnetina	genus
taxon rank	Malus yunnanensis is a species in the genus malus, family Rosaceae, with the common name Yunnan crabapple, in China it is called chuan e dian chi hai tang.	Malus yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Tribeles australis, the sole species in the genus Tribeles, is a prostrate shrub native to Chile and Argentina.	Tribeles	species
taxon rank	Squalius microlepis is a species of freshwatter fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Squalius microlepis	species
taxon rank	Ammotrophus cyclius is a species of sand dollar of the family Arachnoididae.	Ammotrophus cyclius	species
taxon rank	Zenobia pulverulenta, called honeycup, is a North American species of shrubs, in the genus Zenobia, in the heath family.	Zenobia pulverulenta	species
taxon rank	Parastrenoceras is an extinct genus from the ammonoid cephalopod order Ammonitida, included in the family Spiroceratidae that lived during the Bajocian stage of the Middle Jurassic.	Parastrenoceras	genus
taxon rank	Rhinella jimi is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is endemic to northeastern Brazil between Bahia and Maranhão.	Rhinella jimi	species
taxon rank	Pseudophasma brachypterum is a species of stick insect found in Brazil, Suriname, Guadeloupe and Peru.	Pseudophasma brachypterum	species
taxon rank	Nymphargus cochranae (common name: Cochran frog) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.	Nymphargus cochranae	species
taxon rank	Addisoniidae is a family of sea snails, deepwater true limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Addisoniidae	family
taxon rank	Deinandra pallida, called Kern tarweed, is a California species of plants in the tarweed tribe within the sunflower family.	Deinandra pallida	species
taxon rank	Carenochyrus titanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Carenochyrus.	Carenochyrus	species
taxon rank	Calceolispongia (literally ``Shoe Sponge'') is a diverse genus of cladid crinoids that lived along the shores of eastern Gondwanaland that correspond to Timor and Western Australia, today.	Calceolispongia	genus
taxon rank	Six families are considered ``true blennies'', all grouped together under the suborder Blennioidei; its members are referred to as blennioids.	Blennioidei	suborder
taxon rank	Streptanthus diversifolius is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name variableleaf jewelflower, or varied-leaved jewelflower.	Streptanthus diversifolius	species
taxon rank	Nebo hierichonticus, the Common Black Scorpion, is a species of scorpion in the family Diplocentridae.	Nebo hierichonticus	species
taxon rank	Radiophron is an extinct genus of wasp which existed in Spain during the early Cretaceous period.	Radiophron	genus
taxon rank	Cantharellus is a genus of popular edible mushrooms, commonly known as chanterelles/ˌʃæntəˈrɛl/.	Cantharellus	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron uncialis is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Lone fleabane.	Erigeron uncialis	species
taxon rank	Pyemotes tritici is a species of mite known as the grain itch mite or straw itch mite.	Pyemotes tritici	species
taxon rank	Myrmica afghanica is a species of ant from Afghanistan.	Myrmica afghanica	species
taxon rank	Enicognathus is a genus of South American parrots in the Psittacidae family.	Enicognathus	genus
taxon rank	Carabus anatolicus is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found on Cyprus and in Near East.	Carabus anatolicus	species
taxon rank	Crataegus suksdorfii, (Suksdorf's hawthorn), formerly Crataegus douglasii var. suksdorfii, is a species of hawthorn found in the Pacific Northwest.	Crataegus suksdorfii	species
taxon rank	Aaages is a genus of beetle in the family Coccinellidae (ladybird beetles, or ladybugs).	Aaages	genus
taxon rank	Clarkia purpurea is a species of wildflower known by the common names winecup clarkia, winecup fairyfan, and purple clarkia.	Clarkia purpurea	species
taxon rank	Darwinopterus (meaning ``Darwin's wing'') is a genus of pterosaur, discovered in China and named after biologist Charles Darwin.	Darwinopterus	genus
taxon rank	The mustard species Brassica tournefortii is known by the common names Asian mustard, pale cabbage, African mustard, and Sahara mustard, and is well known as an invasive species, especially in California.	Brassica tournefortii	species
taxon rank	Pyrus calleryana, the Callery pear, known in the United States as the Bradford pear, is a species of pear native to China and Vietnam, in the family Rosaceae.	Pyrus calleryana	species
taxon rank	Clytra aliena is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily Cryptocephalinae, that is native to Turkey.	Clytra aliena	species
taxon rank	Ungulinidae is a family of marine bivalve molluscs.	Ungulinidae	family
taxon rank	Platydyptes is a genus of extinct penguins from the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene (about 25 to 22 million years ago) of New Zealand.	Platydyptes	genus
taxon rank	The Wrangel lemming (Dicrostonyx vinogradovi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Wrangel lemming	species
taxon rank	Mimaspurgus niveoscutellatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimaspurgus.	Mimaspurgus niveoscutellatus	species
taxon rank	Acantholycosa spinembolus is a species of wolf spider only known from the Kholzun Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.	Acantholycosa spinembolus	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops conjunctus, or the Cape thread snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops conjunctus	species
taxon rank	Musa lokok is a species of wild banana (genus Musa), native to Sarawak, on the island of Borneo.	Musa lokok	species
taxon rank	Taeniopygia is a genus of birds in the family Estrildidae.	Taeniopygia	genus
taxon rank	Montfortista panhi, common name the cancellate false limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Montfortista panhi	species
taxon rank	Harpalus hospes is a species of ground beetle native to Europe, where it can be found in such countries as Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Greece, Hungary, Moldova, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine and southern part of Russia.	Harpalus hospes	species
taxon rank	Scleracanthus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian, or lobe-finned fish.	Scleracanthus	genus
taxon rank	Spathula is a genus of dugesiid triclad.	Spathula	genus
taxon rank	Tansy was frequently worn at that time in shoes to prevent malaria and other fevers; it has been shown, however, that some mosquito species including Culex pipiens take nectar from tansy flowers.	Tansy	species
taxon rank	Cicindela iberica is a species of common tiger beetle in the subgenus Cicindela that is endemic to Spain.	Cicindela iberica	species
taxon rank	Menidia is a genus of Neotropical silversides native to freshwater, brackish and marine habitats along the Atlantic coast of North and Central America.	Menidia	genus
taxon rank	Enemion occidentale (syn. Isopyrum occidentale) is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name western false rue anemone.	Enemion occidentale	species
taxon rank	Leiolopisma telfairii, the Round Island skink or Telfair's skink, is a species of skink native to Round Island, one of the islands of Mauritius.	Leiolopisma telfairii	species
taxon rank	Incisura rosea, common name the rosy slit shell, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Scissurellidae.	Incisura rosea	species
taxon rank	Nephelium juglandifolium is a species of shrub.	Nephelium juglandifolium	species
taxon rank	Clarkia concinna is a species of wildflower known as red ribbons.	Clarkia concinna	species
taxon rank	The Rondo dwarf galago (Galagoides rondoensis) or Rondo Bushbaby is a species of primate in the family Galagidae.The dwarf galagos are the smallest members of the genus Galagoides.	Rondo dwarf galago	species
taxon rank	Brachydeirus is a genus of small to moderately large-sized arthrodire placoderms from the Late Devonian of Europe, restricted to the Kellwasserkalk Fauna of Bad Wildungen and Adorf.	Brachydeirus	genus
taxon rank	Campanula scheuchzeri is a species of bellflower in the family Campanulaceae.	Campanula scheuchzeri	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium corymbosum, the northern highbush blueberry, is a North American species of blueberry which has become a food crop of significant economic importance.	Vaccinium corymbosum	species
taxon rank	Buergeria robusta (robust Buerger's frog or strong stream frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Buergeria robusta	species
taxon rank	Atelopus exiguus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Ecuador.	Atelopus exiguus	species
taxon rank	Flabby whalefish are small, deep-sea cetomimiform fish of the family Cetomimidae.	Cetomimidae	family
taxon rank	Climbing salamanders is the common name for plethodontid (lungless) salamanders of the genus Aneides.	Climbing salamander	genus
taxon rank	Ulmus parvifolia, commonly known as the Chinese elm or lacebark elm, is a species native to eastern Asia, including China, India, Taiwan, Japan, North Korea, and Vietnam.	Ulmus parvifolia	species
taxon rank	Calotomus japonicus, commonly known as the Japanese parrotfish, is a species of parrotfish commonly found throughout the northwest Pacific.	Calotomus japonicus	species
taxon rank	Llavea cordifolia is a fern, the sole species of its genus.	Llavea	genus
taxon rank	Phacelia minor, with the common names Whitlavia and wild Canterbury bells is a species of phacelia.	Phacelia minor	species
taxon rank	Ocepeia is an extinct genus of afrotherian mammal that lived in present-day Morocco during the middle Paleocene epoch, approximately 60 million years ago.	Ocepeia	genus
taxon rank	Grusonia is a genus of opuntioid cacti (family Cactaceae), originating from the North American Deserts in Southwest United States and northern Mexico, including Baja California.	Grusonia	genus
taxon rank	Pareuptychia metaleuca, the One-banded Satyr, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.	Pareuptychia metaleuca	species
taxon rank	Lavatera cretica (syn. Malva linnaei) is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names Cornish mallow and Cretan hollyhock.	Lavatera cretica	species
taxon rank	Heliamphora hispida (Latin: hispidus = covered with stiff or rough hairs, bristly) is a species of Marsh Pitcher Plant endemic to Cerro Neblina, the southernmost tepui of the Guiana Highlands at the Brazil-Venezuela border.	Heliamphora hispida	species
taxon rank	Dicyphini is a tribe of bugs in the family Miridae.	Dicyphini	tribe
taxon rank	Syncrossus is a genus of six loaches, many of which are popular in the aquarium fish trade.	Syncrossus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudacanthicus histrix is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Negro and Amazon Basins.	Pseudacanthicus histrix	species
taxon rank	Drypta iris is a species of ground beetle in the genus Drypta that was discovered in 1840.	Drypta iris	species
taxon rank	Clavatula diadema common name the diadem turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.	Clavatula diadema	species
taxon rank	Brewcaria reflexa is a species in the genus Brewcaria.	Brewcaria reflexa	species
taxon rank	Candida krusei is a budding yeast (a species of fungus) involved in chocolate production.	Candida krusei	species
taxon rank	The Buru honeyeater (Lichmera deningeri) is a species of bird in the honeyeater family.	Buru honeyeater	species
taxon rank	Bathynectes is a genus of crabs in the family Polybiidae.	Bathynectes	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus breweri is a species of lupine known by the common names Brewer's lupine and matted lupine.	Lupinus breweri	species
taxon rank	Occidodiaptomus kummerloewei is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae, which has only been recorded from a pool near Ilgaz, Turkey.	Occidodiaptomus kummerloewei	species
taxon rank	Tripteroides sp. No. 2 is a species of mosquito in the genus Tripteroides which has not yet been formally named.	Tripteroides sp. No. 2	species
taxon rank	Homalocephala similis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Homalocephala of the family Ulidiidae.	Homalocephala similis	species
taxon rank	Delphinium stachydeum is a species of larkspur known by the common name spiked larkspur.	Delphinium stachydeum	species
taxon rank	Boloponera is a genus of small ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Boloponera	genus
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic containing the single species Spathilepia clonius (Cramer, (1775)) found in Texas, Central America and Colombia to Brazil and Argentina.	Spathilepia	species
taxon rank	Aserotaspis is an extinct genus of jawless fish which existed in what is now northern Canada.	Aserotaspis	genus
taxon rank	Ranularia pyrum, common name : the pear triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Ranularia pyrum	species
taxon rank	Tomocerus minor is species of springtail in the family Tomoceridae.	Tomocerus minor	species
taxon rank	Hyposcada illinissa, the Illinissa Glasswing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.	Hyposcada illinissa	species
taxon rank	Acaena exigua is an extinct species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name liliwai.	Acaena exigua	species
taxon rank	Pedestredorcadion mokrzeckii is a species of longhorn beetle in the subfamily Lamiinae which is endemic to Ukraine.	Pedestredorcadion mokrzeckii	species
taxon rank	Cryptocheilus notatus is the largest species of spider wasps (Pompilidae) to be found in Great Britain reaching up to 18mm in length.	Cryptocheilus notatus	species
taxon rank	Garthiella aberrans is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Garthiella.	Garthiella	species
taxon rank	The Wild Palm or Cinco Dedos (Quararibea pterocalyx) is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.	Quararibea pterocalyx	species
taxon rank	Croton tiglium, known as Purging Croton, is a plant species in the Euphorbiaceae family.	Croton tiglium	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius caeruliventris, known commonly as the Bluebelly blenny in Indonesia, is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius.	Ecsenius caeruliventris	species
taxon rank	Mimulus torreyi is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Torrey's monkeyflower.	Mimulus torreyi	species
taxon rank	Lifago is a genus of flowering plants in the spikenard tribe within the daisy family.	Lifago	genus
taxon rank	Caprona is an Afrotropical genus of skipper butterflies (family Hesperiidae).	Caprona	genus
taxon rank	Habranthus robustus, commonly known as the Brazilian copperlily, pink fairy lily or the pink rain lily, is a species of herbaceous flowering bulb.	Habranthus robustus	species
taxon rank	Grindelia microcephala, the littlehead gumweed, is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Grindelia microcephala	species
taxon rank	Montanoa tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family which is native to Mexico and much of Central America.	Montanoa tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Livistona speciosa (Chinese: 美丽蒲葵, Thai: เมล็ดค้อ) is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.	Livistona speciosa	species
taxon rank	Titanohyrax is an extinct genus of large to very large hyrax from the Eocene and Oligocene.	Titanohyrax	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus flavescens is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the eastern Dominican Republic.	Eleutherodactylus flavescens	species
taxon rank	Maianthemum racemosum (treacleberry, feathery false lily of the valley, false Solomon's seal, Solomon's plume or false spikenard; syn. Smilacina racemosa, Vagnera racemosa) is a species of flowering plant native to North America.	Maianthemum racemosum	species
taxon rank	Bletia catenulata is a species of orchid native to Ecuador, Peru, Brazil, Colombia, Bolivia and Paraguay.	Bletia catenulata	species
taxon rank	Haichemydidae is an extinct family of turtles that belongs to the superfamily testudinoidea.	Haichemydidae	family
taxon rank	The type species of the genus Cerasinops is C. hodgskissi.	Cerasinops	genus
taxon rank	Fasolasuchus is an extinct genus of rauisuchid.	Fasolasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Geranium retrorsum is a species of geranium known by the common name New Zealand geranium in the United States and common cranesbill in Australia.	Geranium retrorsum	species
taxon rank	Cyrtandra giffardii is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common names forest cyrtandra and Giffard's cyrtandra.	Cyrtandra giffardii	species
taxon rank	Crataegus uniflora is a species of hawthorn known by the common name one-flowered hawthorn, or dwarf hawthorn.	Crataegus uniflora	species
taxon rank	Cleospira ochsneri is a species of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strictispiridae.	Cleospira ochsneri	species
taxon rank	Priogymnanthus apertus (also called Francisco) is a species of flowering plant in the family Oleaceae.	Priogymnanthus apertus	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea triloba is a species of Ipomoea morning glory known by several common names, including littlebell and Aiea morning glory.	Ipomoea triloba	species
taxon rank	Irvingiaceae is a family of flowering plants, consisting of 20 species in the 3 genera Desbordesia, Irvingia and Klainedoxa.	Irvingiaceae	family
taxon rank	Tachysurus fulvidraco, the yellowhead catfish or Korean bullhead, is a species of bagrid catfish found in eastern Asia from Siberia to China, Korea, Vietnam, and Laos, where it can be found in lakes and river channels.	Tachysurus fulvidraco	species
taxon rank	Thalassoma is a genus of wrasses native to the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Thalassoma	genus
taxon rank	Metaphrynella is a small genus of microhylid frogs from the southern Malay Peninsula and Borneo.	Metaphrynella	genus
taxon rank	Hylarana luctuosa, also known as the Malaysian frog, mahogany frog or purple frog, is a species of true frog.	Hylarana luctuosa	species
taxon rank	Ataxocerithium is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Newtoniellidae.	Ataxocerithium	genus
taxon rank	Casuarina equisetifolia or Australian pine tree is a she-oak species of the genus Casuarina.	Casuarina equisetifolia	species
taxon rank	Lomatium nevadense is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Nevada biscuitroot.	Lomatium nevadense	species
taxon rank	Anthreptes is a genus of birds in the sunbird family, Nectariniidae.	Anthreptes	genus
taxon rank	Heterocodon is a monotypic genus of plants in the bellflower family containing the single species Heterocodon rariflorum, which is known by the common names rareflower heterocodon and western pearlflower.	Heterocodon	species
taxon rank	Euploea camaralzeman is an Indomalayan species of danaine butterfly.	Euploea camaralzeman	species
taxon rank	Carabus planicollis planicollis is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Romania.	Carabus planicollis planicollis	subspecies
taxon rank	Eucalyptus kitsoniana, also known as the Gippsland Mallee or Bog Gum, is a species of native Australian tree.	Eucalyptus kitsoniana	species
taxon rank	Trochodendron nastae is an extinct species of flowering plant in the family Trochodendraceae known from fossil leaves found in the early Eocene Ypresian stage Klondike Mountain Formation deposits of Northern Washington State.	Trochodendron nastae	species
taxon rank	Phaanthosaurus is an extinct genus of basal procolophonid parareptile from early Triassic (Induan stage) deposits of Nizhnii Novgorod, Russian Federation.	Phaanthosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Conus fergusoni, common name the Ferguson's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus fergusoni	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus masonii is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family, Rhamnaceae, known by the common name Mason's ceanothus.	Ceanothus masonii	species
taxon rank	Euzophera speculum is a species of snout moth in the genus Euzophera.	Euzophera speculum	species
taxon rank	Probolodus heterostomus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil, where it is found in the basins of the southeastern coastal rivers.	Probolodus heterostomus	species
taxon rank	Acheilognathus longibarbatus is a species of fresh water ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.	Acheilognathus longibarbatus	species
taxon rank	Hemerocoetes is a genus of duckbill fishes.	Hemerocoetes	genus
taxon rank	Pelecanus odessanus is a large species of fossil pelican, described in 1886 from Late Miocene fossil material since lost, from Novaja Slobodka, near Odessa in the Ukraine.	Pelecanus odessanus	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis graueri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kivu on the border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Rwanda.	Haplochromis graueri	species
taxon rank	Parademostis capucina is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Parademostis.	Parademostis	genus
taxon rank	Papilio neyi is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Ecuador, French Guiana, Peru and Brazil.	Papilio neyi	species
taxon rank	Hudsonia tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the rockrose family known by the common names woolly beachheather, beach heather, and sand heather.	Hudsonia tomentosa	species
taxon rank	The Peronopsidae (which may also be called peronopsids) comprise the earliest family of the Agnostina suborder.	Peronopsidae	family
taxon rank	Eodiaptomus lumholtzi is a species of copepod endemic to Australia.	Eodiaptomus lumholtzi	species
taxon rank	Abutilon menziesii, known as Koʻoloaʻula in Hawaiian, is an endangered species of flowering shrub in the mallow family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Abutilon menziesii	species
taxon rank	Sphaerotheca rolandae (common names: Sri Lanka bullfrog, Roland's burrowing frog, southern burrowing frog, marble sand frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family found in Sri Lanka.	Sphaerotheca rolandae	species
taxon rank	Pediocactus peeblesianus is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Navajo pincushion cactus.	Pediocactus peeblesianus	species
taxon rank	The Amazon black howler (Alouatta nigerrima) is a species of howler monkey, a type of New World monkey, endemic to the south-central Amazon in Brazil.	Amazon black howler	species
taxon rank	Litoria ollauro is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Litoria ollauro	species
taxon rank	Balanops is a group of flowering plants described as a genus in 1871.	Balanops	genus
taxon rank	Conus mucronatus, common name the deep-groved cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus mucronatus	species
taxon rank	Erechthias simulans is a fungus moth species (family Tineidae).	Erechthias simulans	species
taxon rank	Menziesichthys bacescui is a species of cusk eel only known from the Peru-Chile trench at depths of from 1,296 to 1,317 metres (4,252 to 4,321 ft).	Menziesichthys bacescui	species
taxon rank	Nucras is a genus of African lacertid lizards, commonly called sandveld lizards.	Nucras	genus
taxon rank	Qinghaichthys rotundiventris is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Qinghaichthys.	Qinghaichthys rotundiventris	species
taxon rank	Synodontis pulcher is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is only known from Stanley Pool.	Synodontis pulcher	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes tuberohumerus (Kudremukh bush frog or knob handed shrub frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes tuberohumerus	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia uxpanapana is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Mexico.	Dorstenia uxpanapana	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces blastmyceticus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in the Chichibu District in Japan.	Streptomyces blastmyceticus	species
taxon rank	Dryptosaurus (pron.:``DRIP-toe-SORE-us'') is a genus of primitive tyrannosauroid that lived approximately 67 million years ago during the latter part of the Cretaceous period in what is now Eastern North America.	Dryptosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Bulla gouldiana, the California bubble, Gould's bubble or cloudy bubble snail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Bullidae, the bubble snails.	Bulla gouldiana	species
taxon rank	Newportia is a genus of scolopocryptopid centipedes.	Newportia	genus
taxon rank	Haplochromis parorthostoma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is known from areas with hard substrates.	Haplochromis parorthostoma	species
taxon rank	Ehretia saligna, commonly known as Peach Bush, Native Willow and Peachwood is a species of shrubs or small trees, endemic to Northern Australia.	Ehretia saligna	species
taxon rank	Lilium philadelphicum, also known as the wood lily, Philadelphia lily, prairie lily or western red lily, is a perennial species of lily native to North America.	Lilium philadelphicum	species
taxon rank	Acromyrmex is a genus of New World ants of the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Acromyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Icaunauna aurantium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Icaunauna.	Icaunauna aurantium	species
taxon rank	Taivala is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with only one species, Taivala invisitata.	Taivala	species
taxon rank	Systata angustata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Systata of the family Tephritidae.	Systata angustata	species
taxon rank	The Sumatran surili (Presbytis melalophos) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.	Sumatran surili	species
taxon rank	Uncaria guianensis, cat's claw, is a plant species in the genus Uncaria found in Amazonia.	Uncaria guianensis	species
taxon rank	Passiflora antioquiensis (the red banana passionfruit) is a species in the Passifloraceae family.	Passiflora antioquiensis	species
taxon rank	Phyllodoce breweri is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common names purple mountain heath and Brewer's mountain heather.	Phyllodoce breweri	species
taxon rank	Limacella glischra is a mushroom species in the family Amanitaceae.	Limacella glischra	species
taxon rank	Gnatusuchus is an extinct genus of caiman represented by the type species Gnatusuchus pebasensis from the Middle Miocene of Peru.	Gnatusuchus	genus
taxon rank	Badister ajax is a species of ground beetle that is in the genus Badister.	Badister ajax	species
taxon rank	Tagetes laxa is a South American species of marigolds in the sunflower family.	Tagetes laxa	species
taxon rank	Allopaa hazarensis (common names: Kashmir paa frog, Hazara frog,Hazara torrent frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Allopaa hazarensis	species
taxon rank	Although Darwin is said to have found the first glyptodonts (the family), the first mention of the genus Glyptodon in Europe was in 1823, from the first edition of Cuvier's ``Ossemens Fossiles.''	Glyptodon	genus
taxon rank	Mobiluncus is a genus of Gram-negative, anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria.	Mobiluncus	genus
taxon rank	Allotinus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone.	Allotinus	genus
taxon rank	Carex obtusata (also known as obtuse sedge) is a species of sedge in the massive genus Carex.	Carex obtusata	species
taxon rank	Archaeophya is a small genus of dragonflies belonging to the family Corduliidae.	Archaeophya	genus
taxon rank	Drosera subtilis is an erect annual species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera.	Drosera subtilis	species
taxon rank	Lathraea squamaria, the common toothwort, is a species of toothwort.	Lathraea squamaria	species
taxon rank	The single species, Akania bidwillii (Turnipwood), is a tree that is native to rainforests in New South Wales and Queensland in Australia.	Akania bidwillii	species
taxon rank	The tree species Pinus koraiensis is commonly called Korean pine.	Pinus koraiensis	species
taxon rank	Neotrachystola maculipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neotrachystola.	Neotrachystola maculipennis	species
taxon rank	Leucochrysum is a genus of flowering plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the sunflower family, endemic to Australia.	Leucochrysum	genus
taxon rank	Coilostylis clavata, formerly Epidendrum purpurascens, is a species of orchid in the genus Coilostylis.	Coilostylis clavata	species
taxon rank	Clavaviridae is a family of double-stranded viruses that infect archaea.	Clavaviridae	family
taxon rank	Digulia is a monotypic genus of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.	Digulia	genus
taxon rank	Trombidium is a genus of mite with about 30 described species.	Trombidium	genus
taxon rank	Allium longicollum is a plant species found in Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Allium longicollum	species
taxon rank	Lynchius parkeri (common name: Parker's Andes frog) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Lynchius parkeri	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum covilleanum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Coville's buckwheat.	Eriogonum covilleanum	species
taxon rank	The Madagascar diadem, Hypolimnas dexithea, is a species of Hypolimnas butterfly endemic to Madagascar.	Hypolimnas dexithea	species
taxon rank	Algyroides alleni is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Algyroides alleni	species
taxon rank	Prostanthera cuneata (alpine mint bush or rough mint bush) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae, native to south-eastern Australia.	Prostanthera cuneata	species
taxon rank	Millepora complanata, commonly known as blade fire coral, is a species of fire coral in the family Milleporidae.	Millepora complanata	species
taxon rank	Evolvulus is a genus of flowering plants in the Convolvulaceae, the morning glory family.	Evolvulus	genus
taxon rank	The Sabaconidae are a family of harvestmen with about 50 known species.	Sabaconidae	family
taxon rank	Palatobaena is an extinct genus of baenid turtle.	Palatobaena	genus
taxon rank	Liometopum sinense is a species of ant in the genus Liometopum.	Liometopum sinense	species
taxon rank	Nectosaurus is a genus of marine diapsid reptile which lived during the Late Triassic of what is now California.	Nectosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pellaea rotundifolia, the button fern, is a species of fern endemic to New Zealand, where it grows in scrub and forests.	Pellaea rotundifolia	species
taxon rank	Botrytis cinerea (``botrytis'' from Ancient Greek botrys (βότρυς) meaning ``grapes'' plus the Neolatin suffix -itis for disease) is a necrotrophic fungus that affects many plant species, although its most notable hosts may be wine grapes.	Botrytis cinerea	species
taxon rank	Bainella is an extinct genus of Devonian trilobite from off the coast of Gondwana in what is present day Brazil, Bolivia and South Africa.	Bainella	genus
taxon rank	Amoebidiidae is a family or protists, previously thought to be zygomycete fungi belonging to the class Trichomycetes, but now considered to be members of the opisthokont protist group Mesomycetozoea.	Amoebidiidae	family
taxon rank	Sasakia charonda, commonly known as the Japanese emperor or the great purple emperor, is a species of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.	Sasakia charonda	species
taxon rank	Solanum glaucophyllum is a species of the family Solanaceae.	Solanum glaucophyllum	species
taxon rank	Epimedium, also known as barrenwort, bishop's hat, fairy wings, horny goat weed, rowdy lamb herb, randy beef grass or yin yang huo (Chinese: 淫羊藿), is a genus of flowering plants in the family Berberidaceae.	Epimedium	genus
taxon rank	Vasum ceramicum, common name ceramic vase or heavy whelk, is a species of medium to large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.	Vasum ceramicum	species
taxon rank	The Clionidae are a family of sea angels, which are a group of pelagic marine gastropods.	Clionidae	family
taxon rank	Gorgopithecus is an extinct genus of primate, closely related to the baboons.	Gorgopithecus	genus
taxon rank	Heterorhabditis is a genus of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.	Heterorhabditis	genus
taxon rank	Fragaria iturupensis, the Iturup Strawberry, is a species of strawberry, endemic to Iturup in the Kuril Islands.	Fragaria iturupensis	species
taxon rank	Haliplus apicalis is a species of water beetle in the genus Haliplus.	Haliplus apicalis	species
taxon rank	Mirorictus taningi is a species of tubeshoulder only known from the Gulf of Panama where it is found at depths of around 1,750 metres (5,740 ft).	Mirorictus taningi	species
taxon rank	Arnica lessingii is a Russian and North American species of arnica in the sunflower family.	Arnica lessingii	species
taxon rank	Malus brevipes, with the common name shrub apple, is a species of crabapple in the genus Malus, in the family Rosaceae.	Malus brevipes	species
taxon rank	Ovatipsa chinensis common name the Chinese cowrie, is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Ovatipsa chinensis	species
taxon rank	The bee subfamily Alocandreninae contains only one genus and one species, Alocandrena porteri, which is found in Peru.	Alocandrena	species
taxon rank	Xenagama is a genus of lizards, in the Agamidae family found in Somalia and Ethiopia.	Xenagama	genus
taxon rank	Scleroptila is a genus of birds in the francolin group of the partridge subfamily of the pheasant family.	Scleroptila	genus
taxon rank	Vicia nigricans is a species of vetch known by the common name black vetch.	Vicia nigricans	species
taxon rank	Penstemon calcareus is a species of penstemon known by the common name limestone beardtongue.	Penstemon calcareus	species
taxon rank	Tarphops is a genus of large-tooth flounders native to the northwest Pacific Ocean.	Tarphops	genus
taxon rank	Trigonospila brevifacies is a species of true fly in the family Tachinidae native to eastern Australia.	Trigonospila brevifacies	species
taxon rank	Deltaherpeton is an extinct genus of colosteid from middle Mississippian (late Viséan age) deposits of Delta, Iowa, USA.	Deltaherpeton	genus
taxon rank	Heliamphora neblinae is a species of marsh pitcher plant endemic to Cerro de la Neblina, Cerro Aracamuni and Cerro Avispa in Venezuela.	Heliamphora neblinae	species
taxon rank	Percina aurora is a species of fish known by the common name pearl darter.	Percina aurora	species
taxon rank	Nothobranchius robustus, the red Victoria nothobranch, is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family.	Nothobranchius robustus	species
taxon rank	Clusia is the type genus of the family Clusiaceae.	Clusia	genus
taxon rank	The Chromadorea are a class of the roundworm phylum, Nematoda.	Chromadorea	class
taxon rank	Leiopyrga octona, common name the eight-ringed weed shell, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Leiopyrga octona	species
taxon rank	Only one species has been described, Apatosagittarius terrenus.	Apatosagittarius	species
taxon rank	Apterichtus australis, the Snake eel or the South Pacific snake eel, is a species of snake eel native to the south Pacific Ocean where it occurs around the island groups of Rapa Iti, Pitcairn, Easter and the Kermadecs.	Apterichtus australis	species
taxon rank	Mangelia is a large genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.	Mangelia	genus
taxon rank	The Blue-shouldered Cornuted Shadowdamsel, (Drepanosticta subtropica) is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae.	Drepanosticta subtropica	species
taxon rank	Cyanthillium is a genus of tropical plants in the ironweed tribe within the sunflower family.	Cyanthillium	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Aqualignicola hyalina.	Aqualignicola	species
taxon rank	Phallus callichrous is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family found in South America.	Phallus callichrous	species
taxon rank	Montfortia subemarginata, common name the emarginate limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Montfortia subemarginata	species
taxon rank	Asclepias viridiflora, called the ``green milkweed,'' is a widely distributed species of milkweed known from much of the eastern and central United States from Connecticut to Georgia to Arizona to Montana, as well as southern Canada.	Asclepias viridiflora	species
taxon rank	Buddleja davidii (spelling variant Buddleia davidii), also called summer lilac, butterfly-bush, or orange eye, is a species of flowering plant in the family Scrophulariaceae, native to Sichuan and Hubei provinces in central China, and also Japan.	Buddleja davidii	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha mellea is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Tanzania.	Hoplocorypha mellea	species
taxon rank	Hernandia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hernandiaceae.	Hernandia	genus
taxon rank	Dyscia atlantica is a species of moth from the Geometridae family.	Dyscia atlantica	species
taxon rank	Lobelia oahuensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Oahu lobelia.	Lobelia oahuensis	species
taxon rank	Gymnoxenisthmus tigrellus, is a species of Xenisthmidae family endemic to Red Sea.	Gymnoxenisthmus tigrellus	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma aurora, common name the dawn top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma aurora	species
taxon rank	Heleosaurus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid from the Late Permian of South Africa.	Heleosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Gila chub (Gila intermedia) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Gila intermedia	species
taxon rank	Hakea chordophylla, commonly known as bootlace oak, bootlace tree, corkwood, or bull oak, is a species of shrub or small tree in the family Proteaceae found in central and northern Australia.	Hakea chordophylla	species
taxon rank	Parvulastra parvivipara is a very small species of starfish in the family Asterinidae.	Parvulastra parvivipara	species
taxon rank	Hastanectes is an extinct genus of a plesiosaurian with possible pliosaurid affinities known from the Early Cretaceous Wadhurst Clay Formation (Valanginian stage) of the United Kingdom.	Hastanectes	genus
taxon rank	Hemipsilichthys is a genus of catfishes belonging to the family Loricariidae.	Hemipsilichthys	genus
taxon rank	Brocchinia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Pitcairnioideae.	Brocchinia	genus
taxon rank	Nepenthes chaniana (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌtʃæniˈɑːnə/; after Datuk Chan Chew Lun, Managing Director of Natural History Publications (Borneo)) is a tropical pitcher plant species belonging to the genus Nepenthes.	Nepenthes chaniana	species
taxon rank	Callionymus oxycephalus is a species of dragonet endemic to the Red Sea.	Callionymus oxycephalus	species
taxon rank	Zonocypretta kalimna is a species of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae.	Zonocypretta	species
taxon rank	Simosaurus is an extinct genus of marine reptile within the superorder Sauropterygia from the Middle Triassic of central Europe.	Simosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Megalomyrmex miri is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Megalomyrmex miri	species
taxon rank	Pteromenes is a monotypical afrotropical genus of potter wasps known from Eastern Africa (Kenya and Somalia).	Pteromenes	genus
taxon rank	Paranephrolenellus is an extinct genus of trilobite, fossil marine arthropods.	Paranephrolenellus	genus
taxon rank	Tosena depicta is a cicada species from Southeast Asia	Tosena depicta	species
taxon rank	The type species is Angustinaripterus longicephalus.	Angustinaripterus	species
taxon rank	Perisphinctoidea, formerly Perisphinctaceae, is a superfamily of Middle Jurassic (Bajocian) to Lower Cretaceous (Barremian) ammonites, commonly with evolute shells with strong ribbing that typically divides about mid flank before crossing the venter.	Perisphinctoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Mikrogeophagus altispinosus is a species of fish endemic to the Amazon River basin in Brazil and Bolivia.	Mikrogeophagus altispinosus	species
taxon rank	Polystichum lemmonii is a species of fern known by the common names Lemmon's holly fern and Shasta fern.	Polystichum lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Cristisse bicristata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cristisse.	Cristisse bicristata	species
taxon rank	Pyramidula pusilla is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pyramidulidae.	Pyramidula pusilla	species
taxon rank	Sepiolina nipponensis, also known as the Japanese Bobtail Squid, is a bobtail squid and the only species in the genus Sepiolina.	Sepiolina nipponensis	species
taxon rank	Augaptilidae is a family of copepods, comprising the following genera:	Augaptilidae	family
taxon rank	Orthotylus eleagni is a species of bug from the Miridae family that is endemic to Ukraine.	Orthotylus eleagni	species
taxon rank	Belinurus is an extinct genus of arthropods belonging to the order Xiphosura.	Belinurus	genus
taxon rank	Eumegamys is an extinct genus of dinomyid rodent from the late Miocene and Pliocene of South America.	Eumegamys	genus
taxon rank	Ammannia robusta is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by the common name grand redstem.	Ammannia robusta	species
taxon rank	The Nemouridae are a family of stoneflies, with more than 600 described species with a mainly Holarctic distribution.	Nemouridae	family
taxon rank	Zodarion sardum is a spider species found in Sardinia.	Zodarion sardum	species
taxon rank	Themeda is a genus of plants in the grass family native to Asia, Africa, Australia, and Papuasia.	Themeda	genus
taxon rank	Pritchardia pacifica, or the Fiji Fan Palm, is a species of palm tree in the genus Pritchardia that is native to Tonga.	Pritchardia pacifica	species
taxon rank	Carabus sylvestris kolbi is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Austria and Slovenia.	Carabus sylvestris kolbi	subspecies
taxon rank	Cycas angulata is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas, native to Australia in northeast Northern Territory (lower reaches of the Foelsche, Robinson and Wearyan Rivers near Borroloola) and northwest Queensland (Bountiful Islands).	Cycas angulata	species
taxon rank	Chrysiptera starcki is a species of damselfish known by the common name Starck's demoiselle.	Chrysiptera starcki	species
taxon rank	Fejervarya iskandari is a species of frog that is endemic to Java, Indonesia.	Fejervarya iskandari	species
taxon rank	Euxesta albitarsis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.	Euxesta albitarsis	species
taxon rank	Rytidosperma pumilum, also known as Feldmark Grass, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.	Rytidosperma pumilum	species
taxon rank	The Lamprophiidae are a family of snakes found in Africa, Asia, America, and Europe.	Lamprophiidae	family
taxon rank	Falsatimura grisescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsatimura.	Falsatimura grisescens	species
taxon rank	Conus bandanus, common name the banded marble cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus bandanus	species
taxon rank	Ammatucha porisada is a species of snout moth in the genus Ammatucha.	Ammatucha porisada	species
taxon rank	Turbinella laevigata, common name the Brazilian chank, is a species of very large sea snail with a gill and an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Turbinellinae of the family Turbinellidae.	Turbinella laevigata	species
taxon rank	Hydrophis ornatus, commonly known as the ornate reef sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.	Hydrophis ornatus	species
taxon rank	Mulinia cleryana is a species of medium-sized saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae.	Mulinia cleryana	species
taxon rank	Afroneta elgonensis is a species of sheet weaver found in the Congo.	Afroneta elgonensis	species
taxon rank	Pterotaenia peruana is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterotaenia of the family Ulidiidae.	Pterotaenia peruana	species
taxon rank	Osteoglossiformes (Greek: ``bony tongues'') is a relatively primitive order of ray-finned fish that contains two sub-orders, the Osteoglossoidei and the Notopteroidei.	Osteoglossiformes	order
taxon rank	Eryngium pinnatisectum is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Tuolumne eryngo, or Tuolumne button celery.	Eryngium pinnatisectum	species
taxon rank	Salmo obtusirostris, also known as the Adriatic trout, Adriatic salmon, and softmouth trout, is a species of salmonid fish endemic to the rivers of Western Balkans in southeastern Europe.	Salmo obtusirostris	species
taxon rank	Helianthella, the little sunflower, is a genus of North American plants in the sunflower family.	Helianthella	genus
taxon rank	Gastrophysa polygoni is a species of leaf beetle in the subfamily Chrysomelinae.	Gastrophysa polygoni	species
taxon rank	The Italian loach (Sabanejewia larvata) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cobitidae family.	Italian loach	species
taxon rank	Thamnobryum angustifolium, the Derbyshire feathermoss, is a species of moss in the Neckeraceae family.	Thamnobryum angustifolium	species
taxon rank	Puccinellia howellii is a rare species of grass known by the common name Howell's alkaligrass.	Puccinellia howellii	species
taxon rank	Camponotini is a tribe containing several ant genera, including Camponotus (carpenter ants).	Camponotini	tribe
taxon rank	Tiquilia palmeri is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names Palmer's crinklemat and Palmer's tiquilia.	Tiquilia palmeri	species
taxon rank	Apodasya pilosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Apodasya.	Apodasya pilosa	species
taxon rank	Otidea leporina is a species of fungus in the family Pyronemataceae.	Otidea leporina	species
taxon rank	Mimoides is a genus of butterflies in the family Papilionidae.	Mimoides	genus
taxon rank	The Tellinidae are a family of marine bivalve molluscs of the order Veneroida.	Tellinidae	family
taxon rank	Cymodocea is a genus in the family Cymodoceaceae described as a genus in 1805.	Cymodocea	genus
taxon rank	Copamyntis spodoptila is a species of snout moth in the genus Copamyntis.	Copamyntis spodoptila	species
taxon rank	Campanula alliariifolia is a species of bellflower.	Campanula alliariifolia	species
taxon rank	The Dryas monkey (Cercopithecus dryas), also known as Salonga monkey or ekele, is a little-known species of guenon found only in the Congo Basin, restricted to the left bank of the Congo River.	Dryas monkey	species
taxon rank	Hortaea werneckii is a species of yeast in the family Teratosphaeriaceae.	Hortaea werneckii	species
taxon rank	Pardosa danica is a wolf spider species endemic to Denmark.	Pardosa danica	species
taxon rank	Pseudoxenicotela ashantica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudoxenicotela.	Pseudoxenicotela ashantica	species
taxon rank	Thecadactylus is a gekko genus from the tropical Americas.	Thecadactylus	genus
taxon rank	Octomarginula ostheimerae is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Octomarginula ostheimerae	species
taxon rank	Hedraianthera is a genus of a sole recognised species of shrubs or small trees found only in Australia.	Hedraianthera	species
taxon rank	Pseudoditrichum is a rare North American genus of mosses.	Pseudoditrichum	genus
taxon rank	Aeonium urbicum is a species of plant in the Crassulaceae family.	Aeonium urbicum	species
taxon rank	Asquamiceps is a genus of slickheads that occurs in all oceans.	Asquamiceps	genus
taxon rank	Brachygobius kabiliensis, commonly known as the kabili bumblebee goby, is a species of goby.	Brachygobius kabiliensis	species
taxon rank	Convolvulus clementii, commonly known as Desert Bindweed, is a trailing perennial plant species, native to inland Australia.	Convolvulus clementii	species
taxon rank	Chaetocerotaceae is a diatom family (Bacillariophyceae).	Chaetocerotaceae	family
taxon rank	Gyronotus schuelei is a species of scarab beetle.	Gyronotus schuelei	species
taxon rank	Galeandra bicarinata is a species of orchid native to Cuba and Florida.	Galeandra bicarinata	species
taxon rank	Masdevallia odontocera, or the Tusked Masdevallia, is a species of epiphytic orchid native to the cloud forests of Colombia.	Masdevallia odontocera	species
taxon rank	Acourtia microcephala is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name sacapellote.	Acourtia microcephala	species
taxon rank	Nannodiella oxia, common name the glassy dwarf turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.	Nannodiella oxia	species
taxon rank	Oreolalax rhodostigmatus (Guizhou lazy toad or red-spotted toothed toad) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Oreolalax rhodostigmatus	species
taxon rank	Stefania roraimae (common names: Roraima treefrog, Roraima stefania) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.	Stefania roraimae	species
taxon rank	Lycosuchidae is an extinct family of therocephalian therapsids from the Middle Permian Beaufort Group of South Africa.	Lycosuchidae	family
taxon rank	Canacidae, incorrectly Canaceidae, or beach flies, surf or surge flies, is a family of Diptera.There are 113 species in 12 genera.	Canacidae	family
taxon rank	Fundulidae is the family of topminnows and North American killifishes.	Fundulidae	family
taxon rank	The Baudin's black cockatoo is one of two species of white-tailed black cockatoo endemic to south-western Australia which were only separated taxonomically in 1948.	Baudin's black cockatoo	species
taxon rank	Eckloniaichthys scylliorhiniceps, the Weedsucker, is a species of clingfish found along the coasts of Namibia and South Africa.	Eckloniaichthys scylliorhiniceps	species
taxon rank	Diemenomyia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.There are only two known species.	Diemenomyia	genus
taxon rank	Castilleja sessiliflora is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names downy Indian paintbrush and downy paintedcup.	Castilleja sessiliflora	species
taxon rank	Minuartia stolonifera is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Scott Mountain sandwort and stolon sandwort.	Minuartia stolonifera	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis mylodon is a species of cichlid found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda where it occurs in the Kazinga Channel, Lake George and Lake Edward.	Haplochromis mylodon	species
taxon rank	Ivindomyrus opdenboschi is a species of elephantfish in the family Mormyridae and the only member of its genus.	Ivindomyrus opdenboschi	species
taxon rank	Ianthella basta or elephant ear sponge is a species of fan-shaped sponge in the class Demospongiae.	Ianthella basta	species
taxon rank	Galbula is the type and largest genus of the jacamar family (Galbulidae) of piciform birds, and its suborder Galbulae.	Galbula	genus
taxon rank	Procolophonomorpha is an order or clade of early reptiles that appeared during the Middle Permian.	Procolophonomorpha	order
taxon rank	Agyneta gagnei is a species of sheet weaver found in Hawaii.	Agyneta gagnei	species
taxon rank	Melanophryniscus klappenbachi (common name: Klappenbach's red-bellied frog) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Melanophryniscus klappenbachi	species
taxon rank	Myotragus balearicus (Greek-derived Neo-Latin: μῦς and τράγος and Βαλεαρίδες ``Balearian mouse-goat''), also known as the Balearic Islands cave goat, a species of the subfamily Caprinae which lived on the islands of Majorca and Minorca until its extinction around 5,000 years ago.	Myotragus	species
taxon rank	The Tubeufiaceae are a family of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.	Tubeufiaceae	family
taxon rank	Theloderma leporosum (Malaya bug-eyed frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Theloderma leporosum	species
taxon rank	Hygrobia is a genus of aquatic beetle native to Europe, North Africa, China and Australia.	Hygrobia	genus
taxon rank	Since its emergence in honeybees Nosema ceranae has now been identified in bumblebee species in South America, China, and England where infection studies indicate Nosema ceranae has a higher virulence in bumblebees than honeybees.	Nosema ceranae	species
taxon rank	Whale barnacles are barnacles belonging to the family Coronulidae.	Whale barnacle	family
taxon rank	Gymnosoma clavatum is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnosoma of the family Tachinidae.	Gymnosoma clavatum	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos virgata is a species of manzanita known by the common names Bolinas manzanita and Marin manzanita.	Arctostaphylos virgata	species
taxon rank	Omphalosaurus is an extinct genus of marine reptile from the Middle Triassic.	Omphalosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Thorina is a genus of amphipod crustaceans comprising the two species Thorina spinosa and Thorina elongata.	Thorina	genus
taxon rank	Bucranium taurifrons is a species of ant-mimicking crab spiders from South America, the only species in the genus Bucranium.	Bucranium taurifrons	species
taxon rank	Lambertia is a genus of flowering plants, belonging to the family Proteacea.	Lambertia	genus
taxon rank	Metrosideros boninensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae.	Metrosideros boninensis	species
taxon rank	Poposaurus is an extinct genus of pseudosuchian archosaur from the Late Triassic of the southwestern United States.	Poposaurus	genus
taxon rank	Biwia is a small genus of cyprinid fishes containing three species, all of which are endemic to Japan, and only one species (B. springeri) from Korea.	Biwia	genus
taxon rank	Lischkeia imperialis, common name : the Giant Imperial Margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.	Lischkeia imperialis	species
taxon rank	Gekko vittatus is a species of gecko.	Gekko vittatus	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma megaloprepes is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma megaloprepes	species
taxon rank	Tricyrtis macropoda is an East Asian plant species in the lily family native to China, Korea, and Japan.	Tricyrtis macropoda	species
taxon rank	Coreopsis verticillata is a North American species of tickseed in the sunflower family.	Coreopsis verticillata	species
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos orbiculatus, commonly called coralberry, buckbrush or Indian currant is a woody species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family.	Symphoricarpos orbiculatus	species
taxon rank	Algericeras is an extinct Ammonite genus belonging to the Acathoceratacea that lived during the Cenomanian stage at the beginning of the Late Cretaceous in what is now Mexico.	Algericeras	genus
taxon rank	Kimberleyeleotris is a genus of sleeper gobies endemic to Australia, where they are only known from rivers in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Kimberleyeleotris	genus
taxon rank	Melipona subnitida is a neotropical endemic bee species in the Apidae family found in the dry areas of Northeastern Brazil.	Melipona subnitida	species
taxon rank	Drakaea concolor, commonly known as the kneeling hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Drakaea concolor	species
taxon rank	† Littoridina gaudichaudii is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Littoridina gaudichaudii	species
taxon rank	Eryngium ovinum, commonly known as the blue devil, is a plant species native to Australia.	Eryngium ovinum	species
taxon rank	Lemna gibba, the gibbous duckweed, swollen duckweed, or fat duckweed, is a species of Lemna (duckweed).	Lemna gibba	species
taxon rank	Acropora subglabra is a species of acroporid coral found in the northern Indian Ocean, the central Indo-Pacific, Australia, Southeast Asia, Japan, the East China Sea and the oceanic west Pacific Ocean.	Acropora subglabra	species
taxon rank	Heppia is a genus of olive, brownish, gray, or blackish squamulose, crustose, or peltate lichens.	Heppia	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus brachycalyx (manna, Persian manna, syn. Astracantha adscendens, Astragalus adscendens) is a species of legume commonly found on rocky mountain slopes in western Asia, from western Iran and northern Iraq to Turkey, and is commonly used as a source of gum tragacanth.	Astragalus brachycalyx	species
taxon rank	Gastrochilus intermedius is a species of orchid growing in China (South East Sichuan), North East India, Thailand and Vietnam.	Gastrochilus intermedius	species
taxon rank	Mammillaria tetrancistra is a species of fishhook cactus known by the common name common fishhook cactus.	Mammillaria tetrancistra	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces coacervatus is a Gram-positive bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from the intestinal tract of the common pill-bug Armadillidium vulgare in Chiba City in Japan.	Streptomyces coacervatus	species
taxon rank	Echeveria setosa, the Mexican fire cracker, is a species of flowering plant in the Crassulaceae family, native to semi-desert areas of Mexico and common throughout Puebla.	Echeveria setosa	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus septentrionalis, the swamp buttercup, is a species of buttercup found in North America from New Brunswick to Manitoba and from Georgia to Kansas.	Ranunculus septentrionalis	species
taxon rank	This genus contains two species, the type Lenzitopsis oxycedri and L. daii, described as new to science in 2012.	Lenzitopsis	species
taxon rank	Fontinalis antipyretica, the antifever fontinalis moss, greater water-moss, or common water moss, is a species of submerged aquatic moss belonging to the subclass Bryidae.	Fontinalis antipyretica	species
taxon rank	Lethrinus olivaceus, common name Longface emperor or Long-nosed emperor, is a species of bony fishes belonging to the family Lethrinidae.	Lethrinus olivaceus	species
taxon rank	Escobaria, pincushion cactus or foxtail cactus is a genus of low-growing cacti that range from the southernmost parts of central and western Canada through northern Mexico, with one species in Cuba.	Escobaria	genus
taxon rank	Drosera madagascariensis is a robust stem-forming species with a clearly visible stem, which stands upright in the case of younger plants and either uses its leaves to anchor itself to surrounding vegetation as it matures or bends over and forms a scrambling stem.	Drosera madagascariensis	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia obesa is a subtropical succulent species of Euphorbia genus.	Euphorbia obesa	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic containing the single species Mielkella singularis from Guatemala and Mexico.	Mielkella	species
taxon rank	Ceratodacus priscus is a species of prehistoric fly, which probably belongs in the family Tephritidae.	Ceratodacus priscus	species
taxon rank	Zabrus tenuestriatus is a species of ground beetle in the Craspedozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Morocco.	Zabrus tenuestriatus	species
taxon rank	Dermogenys collettei is a species of viviparous halfbeak found in freshwater areas in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia.	Dermogenys collettei	species
taxon rank	Antrechinus nordenskjoldi is a species of sea urchin of the family Urechinidae.	Antrechinus nordenskjoldi	species
taxon rank	Cyanea lobata is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Waihee Valley cyanea.	Cyanea lobata	species
taxon rank	Ravavy is a Malagasy genus of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae containing the single species Ravavy miafina.	Ravavy	species
taxon rank	Milax gagates, known by the common name greenhouse slug, is a species of air-breathing, keeled, land slug, a shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Milacidae.	Milax gagates	species
taxon rank	Alloclavaria is a clavarioid genus in the Hymenochaetales recently segregated from Clavaria by molecular analysis.	Alloclavaria	genus
taxon rank	Euphorbia telephioides is a rare species of euphorb known by the common name Telephus spurge.	Euphorbia telephioides	species
taxon rank	Astragalus is a large genus of about 3,000 species of herbs and small shrubs, belonging to the legume family Fabaceae and the subfamily Faboideae.	Astragalus	genus
taxon rank	Abrekia is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Early Triassic strata in Russia and China.	Abrekia	genus
taxon rank	Gambusia senilis, the blotched gambusia, is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family found in Mexico, where it is called guayacon pinto, and the United States.	Gambusia senilis	species
taxon rank	Pennant's colobus or Pennant's red colobus (Procolobus pennantii) is a species of tree-dwelling primate in the family Cercopithecidae.	Pennant's colobus	species
taxon rank	Ozyptila danubiana is a crab spider species found in Romania and Greece.	Ozyptila danubiana	species
taxon rank	Duerosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodilian.	Duerosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Calliptaminae is a subfamily of grasshoppers.	Calliptaminae	subfamily
taxon rank	Nuttallia obscurata, common name the ``purple mahogany clam'', ``dark mahogany clam'', ``varnish clam'', or ``savory clam'', is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Psammobiidae.	Nuttallia obscurata	species
taxon rank	Bromus aleutensis (commonly known as Aleutian brome) is a species of flowering plant in the Poaceae family which can be found in such US states such as Alaska and Washington and also in Canadian provinces such as Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec.	Bromus aleutensis	species
taxon rank	Anomiopus ataenioides is a species of true dung beetle that is endemic to northern Argentina, and is known from Salta, Jujuy, Tucumán and Corrientes provinces.	Anomiopus ataenioides	species
taxon rank	Parthenium hysterophorus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, Asteraceae.	Parthenium hysterophorus	species
taxon rank	Gloiocephala lutea is a species of fungus native to Ecuador.	Gloiocephala lutea	species
taxon rank	Nymphaea candida J. Presl is a species of aquatic perennial herbaceous plants in the genus Nymphaea native to quiet freshwater habitats in Eurasia, it is in flower from July to August.	Nymphaea candida	species
taxon rank	Nototherium (``Southern Beast'') is an extinct genus of marsupial from Australia.	Nototherium	genus
taxon rank	Igerna neosa is a species of leafhopper from Madagascar.	Igerna neosa	species
taxon rank	The superfamily Amphiaspidoidei contains four families.	Amphiaspidoidei	superfamily
taxon rank	Cyperus is a large genus of about 700 species of sedges, distributed throughout all continents in both tropical and temperate regions.	Cyperus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudozygocera albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudozygocera.	Pseudozygocera albomaculata	species
taxon rank	Labidiosuchus is an extinct genus of notosuchian mesoeucrocodylian from Minas Gerais State, southeastern Brazil.	Labidiosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Acer castorrivularis is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a solitary fossil leaf.	Acer castorrivularis	species
taxon rank	Terebra robusta, common name Robust Auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Terebra robusta	species
taxon rank	The Synthemistidae are the family of dragonflies commonly known as tigertails, or sometimes called southern emeralds.	Synthemistidae	family
taxon rank	Strumaria unguiculata is a plant species endemic to Western Cape Province in South Africa.	Strumaria unguiculata	species
taxon rank	Mandrillus is the genus of the mandrill and its close relative the drill.	Mandrillus	genus
taxon rank	Vulpia bromoides, brome fescue, is a grass species native to Europe, North Africa, and Asia Minor.	Vulpia bromoides	species
taxon rank	Fittonia albivenis is a species of flowering plant in the family Acanthaceae, native to the rainforests of Colombia, Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador and northern Brazil.	Fittonia albivenis	species
taxon rank	Tuberoschistura baenzigeri is a species of freshwater fish found in streams in Thailand and the Malay Peninsula.	Tuberoschistura baenzigeri	species
taxon rank	Clarkia rhomboidea is a species of wildflower known by the common names diamond clarkia and forest clarkia.	Clarkia rhomboidea	species
taxon rank	Ariamnes makue is a species of spider in the Theridiidae family.	Ariamnes makue	species
taxon rank	Chubutemys was an extinct genus of meiolaniform turtle.	Chubutemys	genus
taxon rank	Atergatis subdentatus, also known as the red reef crab, dark-finger coral crab or eyed coral crab, is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae.	Atergatis subdentatus	species
taxon rank	The Boullanger Island dunnart (Sminthopsis boullangerensis) is a species of dunnart found only on Boullanger Island, Western Australia.	Boullanger Island dunnart	species
taxon rank	Ericameria juarezensis is a plant species in the sunflower family, found only in the mountains of northern Baja California.	Ericameria juarezensis	species
taxon rank	Stilbocarpa polaris, commonly known as the Macquarie Island cabbage, is a species of flowering plant usually placed in the family Araliaceae.	Stilbocarpa polaris	species
taxon rank	Synanceiidae is a family of Actinopterygii, ray-finned fish, found in the Indo-Pacific oceans.	Synanceiidae	family
taxon rank	Limosella acaulis is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name Owyhee mudwort.	Limosella acaulis	species
taxon rank	Sabal causiarum, commonly known as the Puerto Rico palmetto or Puerto Rican hat palm, is a species of palm which is native to Hispaniola, Puerto Rico and the British Virgin Islands.	Sabal causiarum	species
taxon rank	Pelagiarctos was a genus of walrus that lived during the Mid Miocene, approx. 13-15 mya.	Pelagiarctos	genus
taxon rank	Rubus trifronsis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus trifrons	species
taxon rank	Djebelemuridae is an extinct family of early strepsirrhine primates from Africa.	Djebelemuridae	family
taxon rank	†Viviparus diluvianus is an extinct species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae, the river snails.	Viviparus diluvianus	species
taxon rank	Koompassia excelsa, also known as Tualang (Tapang), or Mengaris, is an emergent tropical rainforest tree species in the Fabaceae family.	Koompassia excelsa	species
taxon rank	Erosaria spurca, common name the dirty cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria spurca	species
taxon rank	Entheus eumelus is a species of butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.	Entheus eumelus	species
taxon rank	Tipula montium is a species of True Cranefly.	Tipula montium	species
taxon rank	Micropterix rothenbachii is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Frey in 1856.	Micropterix rothenbachii	species
taxon rank	Didymocantha obliqua is a species of longhorn beetle native to Australia.	Didymocantha obliqua	species
taxon rank	Tinoderus singularis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Tinoderus.	Tinoderus	species
taxon rank	Bdallophytum is a genus of parasitic flowering plants with five described species.	Bdallophytum	genus
taxon rank	Paracanthonchus kreisi is a species of nematode from the Cyatholaimidae family.	Paracanthonchus kreisi	species
taxon rank	Handleyomys melanotis, also known as the black-eared oryzomys or black-eared rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae.	Handleyomys melanotis	species
taxon rank	Catognatha gracilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Catognatha.	Catognatha gracilis	species
taxon rank	Parasphendale affinis, given the common name budwing mantis, named because of the female's short wings, is a species of praying mantis.	Parasphendale affinis	species
taxon rank	Agave mckelveyana, common name McKelvey's Century Plant, is a species endemic to west-central Arizona, at elevations of 800--2,200 m (2,600--7,200 ft).	Agave mckelveyana	species
taxon rank	Glossaulax petiveriana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Glossaulax petiveriana	species
taxon rank	Eubranchus tricolor, common name the painted balloon aeolis, is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae.	Eubranchus tricolor	species
taxon rank	Hydatina albocincta, common name the White-banded bubble, is a species of sea snail or bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplustridae.	Hydatina albocincta	species
taxon rank	Aeromonas salmonicida is a pathogenic bacterium that severely impacts salmonid populations and other species.	Aeromonas salmonicida	species
taxon rank	Calochortus elegans is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name elegant Mariposa lily and cat's ear.	Calochortus elegans	species
taxon rank	Inga thibaudiana is a species of tropical tree in the Mimosoideae subfamily of Fabaceae.	Inga thibaudiana	species
taxon rank	Pinnocaris is a genus of rostroconch mollusc known from the Cambro-Ordovician.	Pinnocaris	genus
taxon rank	Arionoidea is a taxonomic group, superfamily of air-breathing land slugs, shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.	Arionoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	The Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails or slipper limpets, cup-and-saucer snails, and Chinese hat snails, are a family of small to medium-sized marine prosobranch gastropods.	Calyptraeidae	family
taxon rank	Aparallactus lunulatus, or the reticulated centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae, which is endemic to Africa.	Aparallactus lunulatus	species
taxon rank	Synchiropus morrisoni, or Morrison's dragonet is a species of tropical marine fish in the Dragonet (Callionymidae) family.	Synchiropus morrisoni	species
taxon rank	Pylaiella (mung) is a genus of seaweed (brown algae) that can be a nuisance due to its ability to coat people, ropes, animals, and more when it blooms close to the shore under particular conditions.	Pylaiella	genus
taxon rank	Parastremma is a genus of characins endemic to western Colombia.	Parastremma	genus
taxon rank	Arnica spathulata is a rare North American species of arnica in the sunflower family, known by the common name Klamath arnica.	Arnica spathulata	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Oedipodium griffithianum, the gouty-moss or Griffith's oedipodium moss.	Oedipodium	species
taxon rank	Canarium asperum is a species of plant in the family Burseraceae.	Canarium asperum	species
taxon rank	Laetifautor spinulosum, common name the spine top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Laetifautor spinulosum	species
taxon rank	Carnivora (/kɑːrˈnɪvərə/; from Latin carō (stem carn-) ``flesh'', + vorāre ``to devour'') is a diverse order that includes over 280 species of placental mammals.	Carnivora	order
taxon rank	Calliostoma gualterianum, common name Gualtieri's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma gualterianum	species
taxon rank	The Puntilla tuco-tuco (Ctenomys coludo) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Puntilla tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Condylactis aurantiaca, common name golden anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.	Condylactis aurantiaca	species
taxon rank	Utricularia vulgaris (greater bladderwort or common bladderwort) is an aquatic species of bladderwort found in Asia and Europe.	Utricularia vulgaris	species
taxon rank	Thysanocarpus radians is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name ribbed fringepod.	Thysanocarpus radians	species
taxon rank	Leporinus fasciatus, commonly known as the banded leporinus or the black-banded leporinus, is a species of characin in the family Anostomidae.	Leporinus fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Macgregoromyia is a genus of true crane fly in the family Tipulidae.	Macgregoromyia	genus
taxon rank	Nectocaecilia petersii is a species of amphibians in the Typhlonectidae family.	Nectocaecilia	species
taxon rank	Cestrum parqui, commonly known as green cestrum, green poison berry, Chilean cestrum or willow-leaved jessamine, and is sometimes incorrectly referred to as deadly nightshade, is a species of flowering plant in the family Solanaceae that is native to central and South America.	Cestrum parqui	species
taxon rank	Polypogon is a nearly cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family, commonly known beard grass or rabbitsfoot grass.	Polypogon	genus
taxon rank	Cinna bolanderi is a species of grass known by the common names Bolander's woodreed and Sierran woodreed.	Cinna bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Zelliboria daedalea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Zelliboria.	Zelliboria	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus modestus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Sumatra, Indonesia.	Rhacophorus modestus	species
taxon rank	Hypomyces hyalinus is a species of parasitic fungi that attacks fungi of the genus Amanita.	Hypomyces hyalinus	species
taxon rank	Austrostipa variabilis is a species of grass that grows in southern parts of Australia.	Austrostipa variabilis	species
taxon rank	Callulina (commonly known as the warty frogs) is a small genus of frogs in the family Brevicipitidae with nine members in Tanzania and Kenya.	Callulina	genus
taxon rank	Myrtartona is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family.	Myrtartona	genus
taxon rank	Sinacalia is a genus of Chinese plants in the groundsel tribe within the daisy family.	Sinacalia	genus
taxon rank	Macristis is a genus of litter moths of the Erebidae family.	Macristis	genus
taxon rank	Miramella alpina, the 'Green Mountain Grasshopper', is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Melanoplinae.	Miramella alpina	species
taxon rank	Aoraia rufivena, the rufous-veined aoraia, is a species of moth of the family Hepialidae.	Aoraia rufivena	species
taxon rank	Juncus patens is a species of rush, known by the common names spreading rush and California grey rush.	Juncus patens	species
taxon rank	†Partula fusca was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Partulidae.	Partula fusca	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Chlorocrisia irrorata, which is found in Peru.	Chlorocrisia	species
taxon rank	Morimonella bednariki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Morimonella.	Morimonella bednariki	species
taxon rank	Discitoceras is an extinct genus of nautiloid from the Lower Carboniferous.	Discitoceras	genus
taxon rank	Microcentrum is a genus of katydids, commonly known as angle-wing katydids.	Microcentrum	genus
taxon rank	The Dulzura kangaroo rat, or San Diego kangaroo rat, Dipodomys simulans, is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	Dulzura kangaroo rat	species
taxon rank	Pentarthrum huttoni is a species of wood boring weevil in family Curculionidae.	Pentarthrum huttoni	species
taxon rank	The present lineage is often included in the Depressariinae as a tribe Amphisbatini, though more often within the context of a ``splitting'' approach to Gelechioidea systematics and taxonomy, wherein the Depressariinae are elevated to full family rank and the Amphisbatinae are treated as a subfamily therein.	Amphisbatinae	family
taxon rank	Tynanthus guatemalensis, commonly known as k'an, is a flowering plant species in the genus Tynanthus.	Tynanthus guatemalensis	species
taxon rank	Carex humilis (also known as dwarf sedge) is a species of sedge that can be found in Western Europe.	Carex humilis	species
taxon rank	Margarites olivaceus, common name the eastern olive margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites olivaceus	species
taxon rank	Ctenogobiops is a genus of marine gobies native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.	Ctenogobiops	genus
taxon rank	The Black Sea tadpole-goby (Benthophilus nudus) is a species of goby native to the basin of the Black Sea.	Black Sea tadpole-goby	species
taxon rank	Cemophora coccinea lineri, commonly known as the Texas scarlet snake, is a subspecies of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the United States.	Cemophora coccinea lineri	subspecies
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops emini, or Emin Pasha's worm snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.	Leptotyphlops emini	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Harmotona diplochorda, which is found in India.	Harmotona	species
taxon rank	Lewisia brachycalyx is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name shortsepal lewisia.	Lewisia brachycalyx	species
taxon rank	Podarcis carbonelli, commonly known as Carbonell's wall lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Podarcis carbonelli	species
taxon rank	Bonatitan is a genus of titanosaurian dinosaur from Argentina.	Bonatitan	genus
taxon rank	Nematocarcinoidea is a superfamily of shrimp, comprising four families --	Nematocarcinoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Nebria sitiens is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Morocco.	Nebria sitiens	species
taxon rank	Isoetes hieroglyphica is a species of quillwort in the Isoetaceae family.	Isoetes hieroglyphica	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Heliorabdia taiwana, which is found in Taiwan.	Heliorabdia	species
taxon rank	Fairchildia panamensis is a species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Fairchildia	species
taxon rank	Torynorrhina is genus of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family, Cetoniinae subfamily.	Torynorrhina	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtarachne ixoides is an orb-weaver spider species found in the Mediterranean basin to Georgia and in Madagascar.	Cyrtarachne ixoides	species
taxon rank	Palaemonetes cummingi is a species of cave-dwelling shrimp in the family Palaemonidae, known as the Florida cave shrimp or Squirrel Chimney cave shrimp.	Palaemonetes cummingi	species
taxon rank	Gibberulus gibberulus, common name the humpbacked conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Gibberulus gibberulus	species
taxon rank	Winnipegoceras is an extinct nautiloid genus from the Ordovician belonging to the Order Discosorida.	Winnipegoceras	genus
taxon rank	Acada is an Afrotropical genus of skippers.	Acada	genus
taxon rank	Gillenia trifoliata (common names Bowman's root and Indian physic) is a species of flowering plant in the Rosaceae family, native to eastern North America from Ontario to Georgia.	Gillenia trifoliata	species
taxon rank	Morelia clastolepis, also known as the Mollucan python, is a species of python found in Indonesia.	Morelia clastolepis	species
taxon rank	Planea is a genus of flowering plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the sunflower family.	Planea	genus
taxon rank	Thalassoma newtoni is a species of wrasse endemic to the waters around São Tomé and Príncipe, where it inhabits of rocky reefs at depths around 40 m (130 ft).	Thalassoma newtoni	species
taxon rank	Theropithecus oswaldi is an extinct species of gelada from the early to middle Pleistocene of Kenya, Ethiopia, Tanzania, South Africa, Spain, Morocco and Algeria.	Theropithecus oswaldi	species
taxon rank	Lycodon butleri, also known as Butler's wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake found in southern Thailand and peninsular Malaysia.	Lycodon butleri	species
taxon rank	Ptychohyla is a genus of frogs (common names: stream frogs, mountain stream frogs) in the Hylidae family.	Ptychohyla	genus
taxon rank	Glomerella cingulata is a plant pathogenic fungus that causes disease on many different hosts including quince and apple bitter rot and anthracnose on many fruit and vegetable species such as mango or cultivated plants like St. John's Wort (Hypericum perforatum).	Glomerella cingulata	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Hypocharis clusia, which is found in the Amazon region.	Hypocharis	species
taxon rank	Phyllophoridae is a family of sea cucumbers, marine invertebrates with elongated bodies, leathery skins and feeding tentacles.	Phyllophoridae	family
taxon rank	Tambja affinis is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.	Tambja affinis	species
taxon rank	Iris histrioides, is a species in the genus Iris, and in the subgenus of Hermodactyloides.It is native to Turkey, and has blue scented flowers.	Iris histrioides	species
taxon rank	Epicrocis piliferella is a species of snout moth in the genus Epicrocis.	Epicrocis piliferella	species
taxon rank	The family Palorchestidae contains four genera with eight species described.	Palorchestidae	family
taxon rank	Galeruca rufa is a species of leaf beetle native to Europe.	Galeruca rufa	species
taxon rank	Chuanqilong is an extinct genus of ankylosaurid dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of China.	Chuanqilong	genus
taxon rank	Megacephala distinguenda is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Dejan in 1831, and can be found in Falcón, Venezuela.	Megacephala distinguenda	species
taxon rank	Tympanotonos fuscatus, the West African Mud Creeper, is a species of snail living in brackish water, a gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.	Tympanotonos fuscatus	species
taxon rank	Pachymantis bicingulata is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia, Sumatra, Java, and Borneo.	Pachymantis bicingulata	species
taxon rank	Trillium lancifolium, the lanceleaf wakerobin, lance-leaved trillium or narrow-leaved trillium, is a species of plants native to the southeastern United States.	Trillium lancifolium	species
taxon rank	Photuris pensylvanica, known by the common names Pennsylvania firefly, lightning bug, and (in its larval state) glowworm, is a species of firefly from the United States and Canada.	Photuris pensylvanica	species
taxon rank	Vespicula is a genus of waspfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Vespicula	genus
taxon rank	Zakerana pierrei (Pierre's wart frog, Pierre's cricket frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Zakerana pierrei	species
taxon rank	Listeria ivanovii is a species of bacteria in the genus Listeria.	Listeria ivanovii	species
taxon rank	Micrurus lemniscatus, commonly known as the South American coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake, native to South America.	Micrurus lemniscatus	species
taxon rank	Arenaria montana, the mountain sandwort, is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae, native to mountainous regions of southwestern Europe, from the Pyrenees to Portugal.	Arenaria montana	species
taxon rank	Cirsium parryi, Parry's thistle, is a species of North American flowering plants in the aster family.	Cirsium parryi	species
taxon rank	Pithauria is a genus of grass skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Pithauria	genus
taxon rank	The Shenandoah Mountain salamander (Plethodon virginia) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States.	Shenandoah Mountain salamander	species
taxon rank	Pyrola minor, known by the common names snowline wintergreen, lesser wintergreen, and common wintergreen, is a plant species of the genus Pyrola.	Pyrola minor	species
taxon rank	Ixalotriton niger, the black jumping salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Ixalotriton niger	species
taxon rank	Typhlacontias is a genus of legless, burrowing skinks.	Typhlacontias	genus
taxon rank	Euryxanthops orientalis is a species of crab found in Sagami Bay, Japan.	Euryxanthops orientalis	species
taxon rank	Thymus serpyllum, known by the common names of Breckland thyme, wild thyme or creeping thyme, is a species of flowering plant in the mint family Lamiaceae, native to most of Europe and North Africa.	Thymus serpyllum	species
taxon rank	Kuttanacaiman is a monotypic genus of extinct caiman represented by the type species Kuttanacaiman iquitosensis.	Kuttanacaiman	genus
taxon rank	Gracixalus jinxiuensis, commonly known as the Jinxiu bubble-nest frog or Jinxiu small treefrog, is a species of shrub frog from northern Vietnam and southern China (southeastern Yunnan, northeastern Guangxi and southern Hunan).	Gracixalus jinxiuensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudimbrasia deyrollei is a species of moth found in the mid-latitudes of Africa.	Pseudimbrasia deyrollei	species
taxon rank	Penicillium brevicompactum is a mould species in the genus Penicillium.	Penicillium brevicompactum	species
taxon rank	Scydosella is a genus of insect that consists of only one species Scydosella musawasensis.	Scydosella	genus
taxon rank	The Fuding fire belly newt (Cynops fudingensis) is a rare species of newt in the Salamandridae family, endemic to China.	Fuding fire belly newt	species
taxon rank	Normanniasaurus (/nɒrmɒ̃niːæsaʊrʌs/ Normannia lizard) is an extinct genus of basal titanosaur sauropod known from the Early Cretaceous (Albian stage) Poudingue Ferrugineux Formation of Seine-Maritime, northwestern France.	Normanniasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Nebria labontei is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to US state of Oregon.	Nebria labontei	species
taxon rank	Amomum is a genus of plant native to China, the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia, New Guinea, and Queensland.	Amomum	genus
taxon rank	Thylacodes natalensis, common name the solitary worm shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae, the worm snails or worm shells.	Thylacodes natalensis	species
taxon rank	Opsilia bucharica is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.	Opsilia bucharica	species
taxon rank	Ablepharus rueppellii, known commonly as Rüppell's snake-eyed skink, is a species of skink found in the Middle East.	Ablepharus rueppellii	species
taxon rank	Monardella viminea is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name willowy monardella.	Monardella viminea	species
taxon rank	Cusickiella is a small genus containing two species of plants in the mustard family which are native to the western United States.	Cusickiella	genus
taxon rank	Phoenix atlantica (common names Cape Verde Island date palm is an endangered species in the palm family Arecaceae, in the genus Phoenix. It is endemic to the Cape Verde Islands.	Phoenix atlantica	species
taxon rank	Urocyclus is a genus of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Urocyclidae.	Urocyclus	genus
taxon rank	Gelae (pronounced /'dʒɛlɪ/) is a genus of round fungus beetles belonging to the family Leiodidae.	Gelae	genus
taxon rank	Galinthias amoena is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cameroon, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Natal, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, Zanzibar, Transvaal, Zimbabwe and the Congo River region.	Galinthias amoena	species
taxon rank	Ilex hemiepiphytica is a plant species known only from Costa Rica.	Ilex hemiepiphytica	species
taxon rank	The Saint Helena gumwood (Commidendrum robustum) is a species of tree endemic to Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.	Commidendrum robustum	species
taxon rank	Pyrodinium is a monospecific species with two varieties, Pyrodinium bahamense var. compressum and Pyrodinium bahamanse var. bahamense.	Pyrodinium bahamense	species
taxon rank	Eretmichthys pinnatus is a species of cusk-eel found in the ocean depths from 1,355 to 2,820 metres (4,446 to 9,252 ft).	Eretmichthys pinnatus	species
taxon rank	Acartia tranteri is a species of marine copepod belonging to the family Acartiidae.	Acartia tranteri	species
taxon rank	Danio annulosus is a species of Chain danio fish in the family Cyprinidae in Danio genus.	Danio annulosus	species
taxon rank	Myoleja angusta is a species of fruit flies in the genus Myoleja of the family (biology) Tephritidae.	Myoleja angusta	species
taxon rank	Coelognathus is a genus of five ratsnakes that were formerly assigned to the genus Elaphe.	Coelognathus	genus
taxon rank	It consists of a single species, Elingamita johnsonii, a tree or shrub endemic to the Three Kings Islands approximately 55 km north of the North Island of New Zealand.	Elingamita	species
taxon rank	It contains a single species, Trinisaura santamartaensis.	Trinisaura	species
taxon rank	Praxelis is a genus of flowering plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.	Praxelis	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron geiseri is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Geiser's fleabane.	Erigeron geiseri	species
taxon rank	Vertigo pygmaea, common name the ``crested vertigo'', is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Vertigo pygmaea	species
taxon rank	Carabus dufouri is a species of black-coloured beetle from Carabidae family that are endemic to Spain.	Carabus dufouri	species
taxon rank	Eubotrys recurva is a plant species native to the eastern United States.	Eubotrys recurva	species
taxon rank	Cylindera cursitans is an extant species of tiger beetle in the genus Cylindera:	Cylindera cursitans	species
taxon rank	Pisidium artifex is a species of freshwater clam in the family Sphaeriidae.	Pisidium artifex	species
taxon rank	Rhodamnia is a group of rainforest trees and shrubs in the myrtle family described as a genus in 1822.	Rhodamnia	genus
taxon rank	Phyllocharis undulata is a species of leaf beetle, native to Southeast Asia.	Phyllocharis undulata	species
taxon rank	Ablepharus kitaibelii, commonly known as the European copper skink, juniper skink or European snake-eyed skink, is a species of lizard from the skink family (Scincidae).	Ablepharus kitaibelii	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma granulatum, common name the European granular top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma granulatum	species
taxon rank	Yellowfin croaker (Umbrina roncador) is a species of croaker occurring from the Gulf of California, Mexico, to Point Conception, California.	Yellowfin croaker	species
taxon rank	Mugil is a genus of mullet in the family Mugilidae found worldwide in tropical and temperate coastal marine waters, but also entering estuaries and rivers.	Mugil	genus
taxon rank	Pinus peregrinus is an extinct species of pine in the Pinaceae family known from Clarkforkian age Paleocene fossils found in western North Dakota, USA.	Pinus peregrinus	species
taxon rank	Antennaria rosulata is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Kaibab pussytoes or woolly pussytoes.	Antennaria rosulata	species
taxon rank	Cobitis brevifasciata is a species of loach endemic to the Korean Peninsula.	Cobitis brevifasciata	species
taxon rank	Fusiturricula fenimorei, common name Fenimore's turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.	Fusiturricula fenimorei	species
taxon rank	Formica exsecta (the narrow-headed ant or excised wood ant) is a species of ant found from Western Europe to Asia.	Formica exsecta	species
taxon rank	Agaricia tenuifolia, commonly known as thin leaf lettuce coral, is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Agariciidae.	Agaricia tenuifolia	species
taxon rank	Nassarius cadeei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius cadeei	species
taxon rank	Further analysis indicate that Phyllobacterium myrsinacearum and Phyllobacterium rubiacearum should be classified as only species.	Phyllobacterium myrsinacearum	species
taxon rank	Oxalis illinoensis, the Illinois woodsorrel, is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family.	Oxalis illinoensis	species
taxon rank	Chrysiogenes arsenatis is a species of bacterium given its own phylum, called the Chrysiogenetes.	Chrysiogenes arsenatis	species
taxon rank	Gonioctena fornicata is a species of broad-shouldered leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae, subfamily Chrysomelinae.	Gonioctena fornicata	species
taxon rank	Ardekania sefidella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ardekania.	Ardekania sefidella	species
taxon rank	Cephalotaxus mannii is a species of plum-yew.	Cephalotaxus mannii	species
taxon rank	Methanobrevibacter oralis is a species of coccobacillary, non-motile, Gram-positive, methane-producing archaeon.	Methanobrevibacter oralis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces lincolnensis is a bacterium species in the type genus Streptomyces.	Streptomyces lincolnensis	species
taxon rank	Oncholaimida is an order of nematodes made up of a single superfamily, Oncholaimoidea.	Oncholaimida	order
taxon rank	Facheiroa is a genus of cacti, comprising 8 species in 2 subgenera (Facheiroa and Zehntnerella).	Facheiroa	genus
taxon rank	The Cribrilinidae family is a part of the suborder Ascophora within the bryozoans.	Cribrilinidae	family
taxon rank	The Formosan clouded leopard (Neofelis nebulosa brachyura) is a clouded leopard subspecies that is endemic to the island of Taiwan.	Formosan clouded leopard	subspecies
taxon rank	Ardozyga arganthes is a species of moth in the family Gelechiidae.	Ardozyga arganthes	species
taxon rank	Labeobarbus lucius is a species of cyprinid fish found in Angola and the Congo Republic.	Labeobarbus lucius	species
taxon rank	Archips georgianus, the Georgia archips moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Archips georgianus	species
taxon rank	Psalmopoeus cambridgei, the Trinidad chevron tarantula, is a species of spider in the Theraphosidae family, endemic to Trinidad.	Psalmopoeus cambridgei	species
taxon rank	Schefflera kuchingensis is a species of plant in the family Araliaceae.	Schefflera kuchingensis	species
taxon rank	Cordylecladia erecta is a species of red algae in the family Rhodymeniaceae.	Cordylecladia erecta	species
taxon rank	The South African cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus jubatus), also known as the Namibian cheetah, is the most numerous and the nominate cheetah subspecies native to Southern Africa.	South African cheetah	subspecies
taxon rank	Streptaxoidea is a superfamily of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the Stylommatophora.	Streptaxoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Myctophum punctatum is a species of mesopelagic fish in the family Myctophidae.	Myctophum punctatum	species
taxon rank	The Montagne d'Ambre dwarf lemur or Andy Sabin's dwarf lemur (Cheirogaleus andysabini) is a species of dwarf lemur known only from Amber Mountain National Park and the surrounding area in northern Madagascar.	Montagne d'Ambre dwarf lemur	species
taxon rank	Fagus hayatae, also known as Taiwan Beech, is a species of beech tree.	Fagus hayatae	species
taxon rank	Seioptera colon is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Seioptera of the family Ulidiidae.	Seioptera colon	species
taxon rank	Oncidium flexuosum is a species of orchid found from eastern and southern Brazil to north-central Argentina.	Oncidium flexuosum	species
taxon rank	Goniopora, often called flowerpot coral, is a genus of colonial stony coral found in lagoons and turbid water conditions.	Goniopora	genus
taxon rank	Brahea calcarea is a species of palm.	Brahea calcarea	species
taxon rank	Bathybates is a small genus of predatory cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.	Bathybates	genus
taxon rank	Kemp's thicket rat (Thamnomys kempi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Kemp's thicket rat	species
taxon rank	Shewanella gelidimarina is a species of bacteria, notable for being an Antarctic species with the ability to produce eicosapentaenoic acid.	Shewanella gelidimarina	species
taxon rank	Julodis onopordi is a species of beetles belonging to the Buprestidae family.	Julodis onopordi	species
taxon rank	Amphiesma leucomystax, commonly known as the white-lipped keelback, is a species of nonvenomous natricine snake found in central Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos.	Amphiesma leucomystax	species
taxon rank	Columbarium mariae is a species of pagoda shell, a deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinellidae, the pagoda shells.	Columbarium mariae	species
taxon rank	Sarcolestes (meaning ``flesh robber'') is an extinct genus of ankylosaurian ornithischian dinosaur from the Oxford Clay of England.	Sarcolestes	genus
taxon rank	Geranium carolinianum is a species of geranium known by the common name Carolina crane's-bill, or Carolina geranium.	Geranium carolinianum	species
taxon rank	Rotula aquatica is a species of aromatic flowering shrub in the borage family, Boraginaceae.	Rotula aquatica	species
taxon rank	Eucrosia mirabilis is a species of plant, found in Peru, from where it was originally scientifically described in 1869, and Ecuador, where it was rediscovered in 1997.	Eucrosia mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Agriotherium is an extinct genus of Ursidae of the Miocene through Pleistocene epochs, with fossils found in Neogene strata of North America, Europe, Africa, and Asia, living from ~13.6--2.5 Ma, existing for approximately 11.1 million years.	Agriotherium	genus
taxon rank	Anomala binotata is a species of scarab (beetle of the family Scarabaeidae).	Anomala binotata	species
taxon rank	Megacephalosaurus is an extinct genus of brachauchenine pliosaurid plesiosaur known from the early Late Cretaceous Carlile Shale (middle Turonian stage) of Russell County, Kansas, USA.	Megacephalosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Leucosyrinx pikei is a species of medium-sized predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae, the turrids.	Leucosyrinx pikei	species
taxon rank	Acrodus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish from the Permian, Triassic and Jurassic periods.	Acrodus	genus
taxon rank	Metopacanthus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish from the middle Jurassic of Europe.	Metopacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces flavovariabilis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Tayga in Sibiria in Russia.	Streptomyces flavovariabilis	species
taxon rank	Steneofiber is an extinct genus of beavers from Eurasia.	Steneofiber	genus
taxon rank	Paracanthopterygii is a superorder of fishes.	Paracanthopterygii	superorder
taxon rank	Cyathea hymenodes is a species of tree fern native to the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, and possibly Java, where it grows in montane forest at an altitude of 900-2000 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and 2-4 m tall.	Cyathea hymenodes	species
taxon rank	Agniopsis flavovittatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Agniopsis.	Agniopsis flavovittatus	species
taxon rank	Silene lanceolata is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Kauai catchfly and lanceolate catchfly.	Silene lanceolata	species
taxon rank	Lampropeltis calligaster rhombomaculata known commonly as the mole kingsnake or brown kingsnake is a subspecies of the prairie kingsnake (Lampropeltis calligaster).	Lampropeltis calligaster rhombomaculata	subspecies
taxon rank	Perenniporia fraxinophila is a species of fungus in family Polyporaceae.	Perenniporia fraxinophila	species
taxon rank	Sanguinolaria tellinoides is a species of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs of the family Psammobiidae.	Sanguinolaria tellinoides	species
taxon rank	Gaillardia multiceps, onion blanketflower, is a North American species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gaillardia multiceps	species
taxon rank	Rupela is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.	Rupela	genus
taxon rank	Lehmann's poison frog or the red-banded poison frog (Oophaga lehmanni) is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae endemic to a small part of western Colombia.	Lehmann's poison frog	species
taxon rank	Narcissus jonquilla (jonquil, rush daffodil) is a bulbous flowering plant, a species of Narcissus (daffodil) that is native to Spain and Portugal, but has now become naturalised in many other regions:	Narcissus jonquilla	species
taxon rank	Plowmanianthus Faden & C.R.Hardy is a genus of plants with 5 species and 2 subspecies in the family Commelinaceae (the spiderwort and dayflower family).	Plowmanianthus	genus
taxon rank	Baptisia arachnifera, commonly known as hairy rattleweed, cobwebby wild indigo, hairy wild indigo, and hairy false indigo, is an endangered species of flowering plant in the legume family.	Baptisia arachnifera	species
taxon rank	Eburiaca sinopia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Eburiaca.	Eburiaca	species
taxon rank	Mertens' Yellow Treefrog (Dendropsophus robertmertensi) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus robertmertensi	species
taxon rank	Pittosporum napaliense, the royal cheesewood, is a species of plant in the Pittosporaceae family.	Pittosporum napaliense	species
taxon rank	Collybia tuberosa, commonly known as the lentil shanklet or the appleseed coincap, is an inedible species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Collybia.	Collybia tuberosa	species
taxon rank	The Ammodiscacea is a superfamily of Foraminifera in the order Textulariida.	Ammodiscacea	superfamily
taxon rank	Pomatias elegans, common name the round-mouthed snail, is a species of small land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae within the superfamily Littorinoidea, the winkles and their allies.	Pomatias elegans	species
taxon rank	Odontadenia is a genus of plant in the Apocynaceae family, first described as a genus in 1841.	Odontadenia	genus
taxon rank	Bromus kalmii, Arctic brome and Prairie brome, is a species of brome grass.	Bromus kalmii	species
taxon rank	Melica tangutorum, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in China (Gansu, Qinghai, Sichuan) and Mongolia.	Melica tangutorum	species
taxon rank	Dicerandra frutescens is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names scrub mint and scrub balm.	Dicerandra frutescens	species
taxon rank	Typhula is a genus of clavarioid fungi in the order Agaricales.	Typhula	genus
taxon rank	Themistonoe cacica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Themistonoe.	Themistonoe cacica	species
taxon rank	Paraleptomenes is a primarily Indomalayan genus of potter wasps.	Paraleptomenes	genus
taxon rank	Brachyopsis segaliensis is a species of poacher native to the northwest Pacific Ocean where it is found at depths of from 0 to 110 metres (0 to 361 ft).	Brachyopsis segaliensis	species
taxon rank	Spiders in the genus Styposis are small and unpigmented with fairly long legs, and measure less than 2mm in total.	Styposis	genus
taxon rank	Chirostoma is a genus of Neotropical silversides from the Lerma River basin in Mexico, including Lake Chapala.	Chirostoma	genus
taxon rank	Eryalus tigrinus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Eryalus.	Eryalus tigrinus	species
taxon rank	Ribes cereum is a species of currant known by the common names wax currant and squaw currant (R. c. var. pedicellare is known as whisky currant).	Ribes cereum	species
taxon rank	Elephantopus is a genus of perennial plants in the daisy family.	Elephantopus	genus
taxon rank	Karenia bicuneiformis, also known as Karenia bidigitata is a microbial species from the genus Karenia, which are dinoflagellates.	Karenia bicuneiformis	species
taxon rank	Ameles wadisirhani is a species of praying mantis found in Saudi Arabia.	Ameles wadisirhani	species
taxon rank	Zoma zoma is a species of ray spider that is endemic to Silhouette Island of Seychelles.	Zoma zoma	species
taxon rank	Sason robustum is a species of barychelid trapdoor spiders.	Sason robustum	species
taxon rank	Euryxanthops latifrons is a species of crab found in the New Caledonian Exclusive Economic Zone.	Euryxanthops latifrons	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Pseudogaltara inexpectata, which can be found in Rwanda.	Pseudogaltara	species
taxon rank	Pterospermum suberifolium or the cork-leaved bayur is a species of evergreen flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.	Pterospermum suberifolium	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius polystictus, known commonly as the Andaman combtooth-blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius.	Ecsenius polystictus	species
taxon rank	Pedobacter is a genus of Gram-negative soil-associated bacteria.	Pedobacter	genus
taxon rank	Carex intumescens, also known as bladder sedge, is a species of Carex native to Canada and the eastern United States.	Carex intumescens	species
taxon rank	Saccoloma laxum is a species of fern in the family Lindsaeaceae.	Saccoloma laxum	species
taxon rank	Spiraxidae is a family of predatory air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropods in the superfamily Testacelloidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Spiraxidae	family
taxon rank	Eriotrix is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, endemic to the Island of Réunion in the Indian Ocean, part of the French Republic.	Eriotrix	genus
taxon rank	Mimodacne rhodesiaca is a species of beetles in the family Erotylidae.	Mimodacne rhodesiaca	species
taxon rank	Tussilago farfara is the only accepted species in the genus Tussilago, although more than two dozen other species have at one time or another been considered part of this group.	Tussilago	species
taxon rank	Eriauchenius is a genus of assassin spiders that occurs almost exclusively on Madagascar.	Eriauchenius	genus
taxon rank	Collybia cirrhata is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family of the Agaricales order (gilled mushrooms).	Collybia cirrhata	species
taxon rank	Dactylina arctica is a species of fungus within the family Parmeliaceae.	Dactylina arctica	species
taxon rank	Garcinia oliveri is a cousin species of the mangosteen and also bears edible fruit.	Garcinia oliveri	species
taxon rank	Eburia bonairensis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that is endemic to Suriname.	Eburia bonairensis	species
taxon rank	Leymus cinereus (syn. Elymus cinereus) is a species of wild rye known by the common names basin wild rye, Great Basin wild rye, and Great Basin lyme grass.	Leymus cinereus	species
taxon rank	Bulbinella rossii, commonly known as the Ross lily, is a species of flowering plant in genus Bulbinella.	Bulbinella rossii	species
taxon rank	Epibulus is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Epibulus	genus
taxon rank	Ornithidium, is genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae).	Ornithidium	genus
taxon rank	Alcithoe wilsonae is a species of rare large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Alcithoe wilsonae	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha saussurii is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya, Namibia, and Tanzania.	Hoplocorypha saussurii	species
taxon rank	Sophora fernandeziana is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to the Juan Fernández Islands of Chile.	Sophora fernandeziana	species
taxon rank	As different species of starfish breed at different times of year, Orchitophrya stellarum may move from one species to another in accordance with their reproductive cycles.	Orchitophrya stellarum	species
taxon rank	Jixiangornis is a genus of primitive avialans from the Early Cretaceous.	Jixiangornis	genus
taxon rank	Idia gopheri, commonly known as the Tortoise Commensal Noctuid Moth, is a species of litter moth in the Erebidae family.	Idia gopheri	species
taxon rank	Ischnochiton elongatus, the Lengthened chiton or Elongate Chiton, is a species of chiton in the family Ischnochitonidae.	Ischnochiton elongatus	species
taxon rank	Julidae is a family of millipedes in the order Julida, containing more than 600 species in around 20 genera.	Julidae	family
taxon rank	Mesoniviridae is a family of positive-sense, single-stranded RNA viruses.	Mesoniviridae	family
taxon rank	Calliostoma selectum, common name the select maurea, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae, the calliostoma top snails.	Calliostoma selectum	species
taxon rank	Doliolidae is a family of tunicates in the order Doliolida.	Doliolidae	family
taxon rank	Karrabina biagiana is a species of large rainforest trees commonly known as northern brush mahogany, northern brush mararie or red carabeen, in the plant family Cunoniaceae.	Karrabina biagiana	species
taxon rank	Cyathea christii is a species of tree fern endemic to Mindanao in the Philippines, where it grows in forest at an altitude of 900-1800 m. The trunk is erect and may be 5 m tall or more.	Cyathea christii	species
taxon rank	Pachymerium ferrugineum is a species of centipede in the family Geophilidae that can be found in Central Europe, the Iberian Peninsula, Scandinavia, Asian countries such as Japan and Turkey, and on African islands such as the Azores, Canary Islands and Crete.	Pachymerium ferrugineum	species
taxon rank	Phylliroe is a genus of average sized (up to 5.5 centimetres or 2.2 inches), highly transparent pelagic nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the order Opisthobranchia, that consists of two known species.	Phylliroe	genus
taxon rank	Vicia lutea (yellow vetch, smooth yellow vetch) is a plant species of the genus Vicia.	Vicia lutea	species
taxon rank	Pseudolycaena marsyas, common name Cambridge Blue or Giant Hairstreak or Marsyas Hairstreak, is a species of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.	Pseudolycaena marsyas	species
taxon rank	Hermit crabs are decapod crustaceans of the superfamily Paguroidea.	Hermit crab	superfamily
taxon rank	Stramonita haemastoma, common name the red-mouthed rock shell or the Florida dog winkle, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the rock snails.	Stramonita haemastoma	species
taxon rank	Halysitidae is an extinct family of tabulate corals.	Halysitidae	family
taxon rank	The Colubroidea are a superfamily in the suborder Serpentes (snakes).	Colubroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Brachydiplax denticauda is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the palemouth.	Brachydiplax denticauda	species
taxon rank	Gamochaeta sphacelata, called Owl's crown, is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gamochaeta sphacelata	species
taxon rank	Baikiaea plurijuga, known as African teak, Mukusi, Rhodesian teak, Zambian teak or Zambesi redwood, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Baikiaea plurijuga	species
taxon rank	Zapatadon is an extinct genus of sphenodontid reptile from the end of the Early Jurassic in the lower part of La Boca Formation of Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Zapatadon	genus
taxon rank	Xanthorrhoea preissii (synonyms X. pecoris, X. reflexa), with the common name balga, is a widespread species of perennial monocot in Southwest Australia.	Xanthorrhoea preissii	species
taxon rank	Oxytenia, common name copperweed, is a genus of plants in the sunflower family.	Oxytenia	genus
taxon rank	Chamaepsichia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.	Chamaepsichia	genus
taxon rank	Drosera burmannii, the tropical sundew, is a small, compact species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera.	Drosera burmannii	species
taxon rank	Trachycardium muricatum, or the yellow cockle, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae.	Trachycardium muricatum	species
taxon rank	Pentaphylax euryoides (Chinese: 五列木; pinyin: wu lie mu) is a species of flowering plant in the Pentaphylacaceae family that can in be found on Sumatra and in such countries as Malaysia, Vietnam and China.	Pentaphylax euryoides	species
taxon rank	Anisotremus is a genus of grunts native to the eastern Pacific and western Atlantic Oceans.	Anisotremus	genus
taxon rank	Leucoagaricus erythrophaeus is a species of agaric fungus.	Leucoagaricus erythrophaeus	species
taxon rank	Calomera is a genus of ground beetles native to the Palearctic, the Near East and northern Africa.	Calomera	genus
taxon rank	Desmidophorus cumingi is a species of weevil beetles in the family Brachyceridae.	Desmidophorus cumingi	species
taxon rank	Zonitoides jaccetanicus is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Gastrodontidae.	Zonitoides jaccetanicus	species
taxon rank	Didymiaceae is a family of slime molds.	Didymiaceae	family
taxon rank	In 2008, the IUCN classified Asian golden cats as Near Threatened, stating that the species comes close to qualifying as Vulnerable due to hunting pressure and habitat loss, since Southeast Asian forests are undergoing the world's fastest regional deforestation.	Asian golden cat	species
taxon rank	Bristolia is an extinct genus of trilobite, fossil marine arthropods, with eight or more small to average size species.	Bristolia	genus
taxon rank	Conus haytensis is a fossil species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus haytensis	species
taxon rank	Gavialiceps is a genus of eels in the pike conger family Muraenesocidae.	Gavialiceps	genus
taxon rank	Bystrowiana is an extinct genus of bystrowianid chroniosuchian from upper Permian deposits of Vladimir Region, Russia and Jiyuan, China.	Bystrowiana	genus
taxon rank	Leotia atrovirens is a species of Mushroom.	Leotia atrovirens	species
taxon rank	Ribes viburnifolium, is an uncommon North American species in the gooseberry family.	Ribes viburnifolium	species
taxon rank	Anachalcos convexus is a species of scarab beetle in the genus Anachalcos.	Anachalcos convexus	species
taxon rank	The Serranidae are a large family of fishes belonging to the order Perciformes.	Serranidae	family
taxon rank	Mohoidae is a family of Hawaiian species of recently extinct, nectarivorous songbirds in the genera Moho (ʻōʻō) and Chaetoptila (kioea).	Mohoidae	family
taxon rank	Eburia amabilis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found on the Galapagos Islands and in Panama.	Eburia amabilis	species
taxon rank	Enceliopsis covillei is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Panamint daisy.	Enceliopsis covillei	species
taxon rank	Morwongs (also called butterfish, fingerfins, jackassfish, snappers, and moki) are perciform fishes comprising the family Cheilodactylidae.	Morwong	family
taxon rank	Parastagmatoptera is a genus consisting of 15 species of mantises in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae.	Parastagmatoptera	genus
taxon rank	Anasimyia is a genus of wetland hoverflies with aquatic larvae.	Anasimyia	genus
taxon rank	Ammannia coccinea is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by several common names, including valley redstem, scarlet toothcup, and purple ammannia.	Ammannia coccinea	species
taxon rank	Gentianopsis crinita (sometimes called ``greater fringed gentian'' or blue gentian``) is a biennial herbaceous species, native to eastern USA and eastern Canada.	Gentianopsis crinita	species
taxon rank	Vomeridens infuscipinnis is a species of Antarctic dragonfish found in the Ross Sea, the Weddell Sea and around the South Orkney Islands and the Antarctic Peninsula.	Vomeridens infuscipinnis	species
taxon rank	Bathyxylophila is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Larocheidae.	Bathyxylophila	genus
taxon rank	Solanum jamesii (common name, wild potato) is a species of nightshade.	Solanum jamesii	species
taxon rank	Carpoxylon macrospermum is a species of palm tree endemic to Vanuatu, and the only species in the genus Carpoxylon.	Carpoxylon	genus
taxon rank	Rhagionidae or snipe flies are a small family of flies.	Rhagionidae	family
taxon rank	Gonioteuthis (meaning narrow squid or slim squid) is a genus of belemnite, an extinct group of cephalopods.	Gonioteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Cephalopholis argus, also known as: roi, bluespotted grouper, argus grouper, peacock hind, peacock grouper or peacock rockcod is a fish from the Indo-Pacific which is variously a commercial gamefish, an invasive species and occasionally an aquarium resident.	Cephalopholis argus	species
taxon rank	Euzophera bigella, the quince moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Euzophera.	Euzophera bigella	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma adelae, common name Adele's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma adelae	species
taxon rank	Huskerpeton is an extinct genus of recumbirostran microsaur amphibian from the Early Permian Eskridge Formation of Nebraska, USA.	Huskerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Rubus rossbergianus is a uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus rossbergianus	species
taxon rank	Jessea is a genus of Central American plants in the tribe Senecioneae within the sunflower family, closely related to Senecio.	Jessea	genus
taxon rank	Colletes inaequalis, is a common species of plasterer bee (family Colletidae), native to North America.	Colletes inaequalis	species
taxon rank	Raymunida dextralis is a species of squat lobster in the family Munididae from the Pacific and Indian oceans.	Raymunida dextralis	species
taxon rank	Achaearanea dubitabilis is a tangle web spider species found in the Canary Islands.	Achaearanea dubitabilis	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria walujewii is an Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family, native to Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Xinjiang Province in western China.	Fritillaria walujewii	species
taxon rank	The Lesser Antillean pewee (Contopus latirostris) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Lesser Antillean pewee	species
taxon rank	Disgregus bezarki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Disgregus.	Disgregus bezarki	species
taxon rank	Lophostropheus (pron.:`` LOAF-oh-STRO-fee-us'') is an extinct genus of coelophysoid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 200 million years ago during the boundary between the Late Triassic Period and the Early Jurassic Period, in what is now Normandy, France.	Lophostropheus	genus
taxon rank	Lysimachia scopulensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae known by the common name shiny-leaf yellow loosestrife.	Lysimachia scopulensis	species
taxon rank	Chilopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants containing the single species Chilopsis linearis.	Chilopsis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium canescens is a anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of the United Kingdom.	Penicillium canescens	species
taxon rank	Gymnachirus is a genus of American soles native to the Atlantic coast of the Americas.	Gymnachirus	genus
taxon rank	Pandalus borealis is a species of caridean shrimp found in cold parts of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.	Pandalus borealis	species
taxon rank	Santolina rosmarinifolia, the holy flax, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family Asteraceae, native to south western Europe.	Santolina rosmarinifolia	species
taxon rank	Griphognathus whitei is an extinct species of lungfish from the late Devonian period of Europe and Australia.	Griphognathus whitei	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia schreberi (nimblewill) is a grass species native to North America.	Muhlenbergia schreberi	species
taxon rank	Nebria tatrica komareki is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Czech Republic and Slovakia.	Nebria tatrica komareki	subspecies
taxon rank	Ophioblennius atlanticus, also known as the ``redlip blenny'' and the ``horseface blenny'', is a species of combtooth blenny, family Blenniidae, found primarily in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Ophioblennius atlanticus	species
taxon rank	Abronia macrocarpa is a rare species of flowering plant known by the common name largefruit sand verbena.	Abronia macrocarpa	species
taxon rank	Carcharhinus humani also known as the Human's whaler shark is a species of requiem shark, in the family Carcharhinidae.	Carcharhinus humani	species
taxon rank	Deraiophorus is a genus of mites in the order Mesostigmata, placed in its own family, Deriaphoridae.	Deraiophorus	genus
taxon rank	Liriodendron chinense, the Chinese tulip tree, is Asia's native species in the Liriodendron genus.	Liriodendron chinense	species
taxon rank	Peckoltia sabaji is a species of catfish.	Peckoltia sabaji	species
taxon rank	Tropidophis bucculentus was a nonvenomous dwarf boa species endemic to Navassa Island.	Tropidophis bucculentus	species
taxon rank	Thaeler's pocket gopher (Orthogeomys thaeleri) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.	Thaeler's pocket gopher	species
taxon rank	Described by Linnaeus in 1766, the Moluccan king parrot is one of three species collectively known as king parrots found in Australia, Papua New Guinea, and Indonesia.	Moluccan king parrot	species
taxon rank	Juga is a genus of freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Semisulcospiridae.	Juga	genus
taxon rank	The Rhinochimaeridae, commonly known as long-nosed chimaeras, are a family of cartilaginous fish.	Rhinochimaeridae	family
taxon rank	Palaeocastor ('prehistoric beaver') is an extinct genus of beavers that lived in the North American Badlands during the late Oligocene period.	Palaeocastor	genus
taxon rank	As a Senecio and a diploid Senecio squalidus is part of a species group along with S. flavus, S. gallicus, S. glaucus and S. vernalis, which are widespread geographically and interesting for the study of genetic differences in relation to the environment and plant evolution.	Senecio squalidus	species
taxon rank	Kurtziella is a genus of small, predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.	Kurtziella	genus
taxon rank	The longsnout butterflyfish, Prognathodes aculeatus, is a species of butterflyfish found in tropical atlantic waters.	Prognathodes aculeatus	species
taxon rank	Eubranchus rubeolus is a species of minute sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae.	Eubranchus rubeolus	species
taxon rank	Agrilochyseus borgmeieri is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Agrilochyseus.	Agrilochyseus	genus
taxon rank	Scutellaria formosana (蓝花黄芩, lan hua huang qin) is a plant species endemic to the Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hainan, Jiangxi, and Yunnan provinces in China.	Scutellaria formosana	species
taxon rank	Allopontonia is a genus of shrimp in the family Palaemonidae, containing two species:	Allopontonia	genus
taxon rank	Elymus macrourus is a species of grass known by the common names tufted wheatgrass and thickspike wildrye.	Elymus macrourus	species
taxon rank	Macrobrachium assamense is a species of freshwater shrimp that was first described in 1958.	Macrobrachium assamense	species
taxon rank	Plagiodera arizonae is a species of leaf beetles of the subfamily Chrysomelini that can be found in Arizona.	Plagiodera arizonae	species
taxon rank	Paramussardiana quadricostata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paramussardiana.	Paramussardiana quadricostata	species
taxon rank	Diplazium sibiricum is a species of fern.	Diplazium sibiricum	species
taxon rank	Procambarus milleri, the Miami cave crayfish is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus milleri	species
taxon rank	Drescheratherium is an extinct genus of mammal from the Late Jurassic (Kimmeridgian) Camadas de Guimarota of Leiria, Portugal.	Drescheratherium	genus
taxon rank	Poison dart frog (also known as dart-poison frog, poison frog or formerly known as poison arrow frog) is the common name of a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae which are native to tropical Central and South America.	Poison dart frog	family
taxon rank	They are now included in subclass Scolecida along with Cossuridae, Orbiniidae, Opheliidae, Paraonidae and Scalibregmatidae.	Scolecida	subclass
taxon rank	Peucetia viridana is a species of spider found in India and Myanmar.	Peucetia viridana	species
taxon rank	Ischnochiton evanida is a species of chiton in the Ischnochiton genus belonging to the family Ischnochitonidae.	Ischnochiton evanida	species
taxon rank	Angraecum cucullatum is a species of orchid found in Réunion.	Angraecum cucullatum	species
taxon rank	Uvariodendron gorgonis is a species of flowering plant in the family Annonaceae.	Uvariodendron gorgonis	species
taxon rank	Dromotectum is an extinct genus of bystrowianid reptiliomorph from the Late Permian of China and Early Triassic of Russia.	Dromotectum	genus
taxon rank	Elminius modestus is a species of barnacle in the family Balanidae, native to Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand, but now spread to Britain and the north west coasts of Europe.	Elminius modestus	species
taxon rank	Juncus is a genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants, commonly known as rushes.	Juncus	genus
taxon rank	The genus name, Akidolestes, is derived from akido, Greek for point, and lestes, Greek for thief.	Akidolestes	genus
taxon rank	Maurandya antirrhiniflora, known as roving sailor or (along with other similar species) climbing snapdragon, is a scrambling or climbing herbaceous perennial native to Mexico and the south western United States (California to Texas) where it grows in a variety of relatively dry habitats.	Maurandya antirrhiniflora	species
taxon rank	Picea purpurea, also known as purple cone spruce and purple-coned spruce is a species of spruce found only in China.	Picea purpurea	species
taxon rank	Composita is a brachiopod genus that lived from the Devonian to the Permian.	Composita	genus
taxon rank	The Phalacridae are a family of beetles commonly called the shining flower beetles.	Phalacridae	family
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Mamiella is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Mamiellaceae.	Mamiella	genus
taxon rank	Pempheris is a genus of sweepers native to the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Ocean.	Pempheris	genus
taxon rank	Galvezia is a genus of perennial plants which are native to western North America, western South America and the Galapagos Islands.	Galvezia	genus
taxon rank	Trifolium reflexum, the buffalo clover, is a species of clover native to the Eastern United States.	Trifolium reflexum	species
taxon rank	Haplorhabdus nymani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Haplorhabdus.	Haplorhabdus nymani	species
taxon rank	Cyrioides vittigera, commonly known as the striped banksia jewel beetle, is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae native to Western Australia.	Cyrioides vittigera	species
taxon rank	Oregonia bifurca, commonly known as the split-nose crab or the split-nose decorator crab, is a species of crabs belonging to the genus Oregonia.	Oregonia bifurca	species
taxon rank	Curculio is a genus of weevils belonging the family Curculionidae and subfamily Curculioninae.	Curculio	genus
taxon rank	Leishmania tropica is a species of flagellate parasites that infects humans and hyraxes, and the cause of the disease Leishmaniasis Recidivans, a form of cutaneous leishmaniasis.	Leishmania tropica	species
taxon rank	Galium paschale is a species of flowering plant in the genus Galium found in south-eastern Europe and Turkey.	Galium paschale	species
taxon rank	Momordica dioica, Bristly Balsam Pear commonly known as spiny gourd and also known as prickly carolaho, Teasle gourd, kantola, is a species of flowering plant in the gourd family.	Momordica dioica	species
taxon rank	Pyrops karenius is a species of planthopper belonging to a group commonly referred to as lantern-flies.	Pyrops karenius	species
taxon rank	The only known species of the genus Mammamia, it was described in 2011 from a specimen discovered in a cave in Italy.	Mammamia	genus
taxon rank	Haemophilus aphrophilus was a species of Haemophilus but the name has recently been changed to Aggregatibacter aphrophilus.	Haemophilus aphrophilus	species
taxon rank	Daesiidae is a family of solifugids, which are widespread in Africa and the Middle East.	Daesiidae	family
taxon rank	Inioteuthis maculosa is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific.	Inioteuthis maculosa	species
taxon rank	Nemophila maculata, with common names baby blue eyes and fivespot, is a species of flowering plant in the borage family (Boraginaceae).	Nemophila maculata	species
taxon rank	Fusuisaurus (meaning ``Fusui lizard'' from the name of the county where it was discovered) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of China.	Fusuisaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Old World babblers or timaliids are a large family of mostly Old World passerine birds.	Old World babbler	family
taxon rank	Thesprotia macilenta, common name Bolivian Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Bolivia, Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia, and Paraguay.	Thesprotia macilenta	species
taxon rank	Kottelatlimia is a genus of loaches found in Southeast Asia.	Kottelatlimia	genus
taxon rank	Batocera laena is a species of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family, Lamiinae subfamily.	Batocera laena	species
taxon rank	Callulops is a genus of microhylid frogs from Sulawesi as well as the New Guinea region, from Talaud Islands and the Maluku Islands (Moluccas) in the northwest to the Louisiade Archipelago in the east.	Callulops	genus
taxon rank	Holospira danielsi, common name strongrib holospira, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Urocoptidae.	Holospira danielsi	species
taxon rank	Penicillium jugoslavicum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from seeds of Helianthus annuus L.	Penicillium jugoslavicum	species
taxon rank	Hymenocallis imperialis, common name Big Fatty, is a plant species native to the Mexican states of San Luis Potosí and Hidalgo.	Hymenocallis imperialis	species
taxon rank	Nothomyrmecia, also known as the dinosaur ant or dawn ant, is a rare genus of ants consisting of a single species, Nothomyrmecia macrops.	Nothomyrmecia	species
taxon rank	Racomitrium lanuginosum is a widespread species of moss found in montane and arctic tundra across the Northern and Southern hemispheres.	Racomitrium lanuginosum	species
taxon rank	Hypotrachyna paraphyscioides is a species of lichen in the family Parmeliaceae.	Hypotrachyna paraphyscioides	species
taxon rank	Styrax grandifolius, the bigleaf snowbell or bigleaf storax, is a plant species native to the southeastern United States, ranging from Virginia south to Florida and west to Texas and Missouri.	Styrax grandifolius	species
taxon rank	Mylochromis melanotaenia is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is believed to occur only in the southern portion of the lake.	Mylochromis melanotaenia	species
taxon rank	Abida occidentalis is a species of land snail in the family Chondrinidae.	Abida occidentalis	species
taxon rank	The Rostroconchia is a class of extinct Molluscs dating from the early Cambrian to the late Permian.	Rostroconchia	class
taxon rank	Carex stricta is a species of sedge known by the common names upright sedge and tussock sedge.	Carex stricta	species
taxon rank	Goniaeolis typica is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniaeolididae.	Goniaeolis typica	species
taxon rank	Cephalotheca is a genus of fungi in the Cephalothecaceae family of the Ascomycota.	Cephalotheca	genus
taxon rank	Deuterocohnia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Tillandsioideae, endemic to South America.	Deuterocohnia	genus
taxon rank	Navura lobata is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Navura.	Navura lobata	species
taxon rank	Cerbera odollam is a dicotyledonous angiosperm, a plant species in the Family Apocynaceae and commonly known as the suicide tree, pong-pong, and othalanga.	Cerbera odollam	species
taxon rank	Anulocaulis is a small genus of flowering plants known generally as ringstems.	Anulocaulis	genus
taxon rank	Arthrolycosa (meaning wolf (spider) with joints) is an extinct genus of spiders that lived about 300-250 million years ago.	Arthrolycosa	genus
taxon rank	Meyerosuchus is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroidean temnospondyl.	Meyerosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Tor tambroides is a species of Mahseer native to Southeast Asia.	Tor tambroides	species
taxon rank	Pseudophoenix lediniana is a palm species endemic to the Tiburon Peninsula in southwestern Haiti.	Pseudophoenix lediniana	species
taxon rank	Valenzuela despaxi is a species of Psocoptera from Caeciliusidae family that can be found in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland.	Valenzuela despaxi	species
taxon rank	Agonum sexpunctatum is a wet-loving, peatland species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic and the Near East.	Agonum sexpunctatum	species
taxon rank	Paracymus is a genus of hydrophilid beetles with 81 species worldwide.	Paracymus	genus
taxon rank	Auriculella uniplicata was a species of tropical air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.	Auriculella uniplicata	species
taxon rank	Abrothrix longipilis, also known as the Long-haired Grass Mouse or Long-haired Akodont, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Abrothrix longipilis	species
taxon rank	Lithops optica is a species of plant in the Aizoaceae family, endemic to Namibia.	Lithops optica	species
taxon rank	Cirsium vinaceum is a rare species of thistle known by the common name Sacramento Mountains thistle.	Cirsium vinaceum	species
taxon rank	Methanococcoides methylutens is a methylotrophic marine methanogen, the type species of its genus.	Methanococcoides methylutens	species
taxon rank	Tuta absoluta is a species of moth in family Gelechiidae known by the common names tomato leafminer and South American tomato moth.	Tuta absoluta	species
taxon rank	Stemona australiana is a plant species native to tropical south-east Asia, including northern Australia and Papua New Guinea.	Stemona australiana	species
taxon rank	Ophonus rufibarbis is a species of ground beetle that can be found everywhere in Europe and the Near East.	Ophonus rufibarbis	species
taxon rank	Cryptolithodes sitchensis, variously known as the umbrella crab, Sitka crab or turtle crab, is a species of lithodid crustacean native to coastal regions of the northeastern Pacific Ocean, ranging from Sitka, Alaska to Point Loma, California.	Cryptolithodes sitchensis	species
taxon rank	Xenophrys wawuensis (Wawu horned toad) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Xenophrys wawuensis	species
taxon rank	Dipodium paludosum is an terrestrial orchid species that is native to south-east Asia .	Dipodium paludosum	species
taxon rank	Cretaaviculus is an extinct genus of birds from the Upper Cretaceous Bostobe Formation of Kazakhstan.	Cretaaviculus	genus
taxon rank	Latham's snipe is an omnivorous species that feeds on seeds and other plant material (mainly from species in families such as Cyperaceae, Poaceae, Juncaceae, Polygonaceae, Ranunculaceae and Fabaceae), and on invertebrates including insects (mainly flies and beetles), earthworms, spiders and occasionally molluscs, isopods and centipedes.	Latham's snipe	species
taxon rank	Methanohalophilus mahii is a methylotrophic halophilic methanogen, the type species of its genus.	Methanohalophilus mahii	species
taxon rank	Trichoeax somaliensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichoeax.	Trichoeax somaliensis	species
taxon rank	Acarospora janae is a species of lichen in the Acarosporaceae family.	Acarospora janae	species
taxon rank	Atrina seminuda, or the half-naked pen shell, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pinnidae.	Atrina seminuda	species
taxon rank	Kuschelydrus phreaticus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Kuschelydrus.	Kuschelydrus	genus
taxon rank	Philodromus laricium is a spider species found in Spain, France, Italy, Switzerland and Austria.	Philodromus laricium	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces avellaneus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from in Italy.	Streptomyces avellaneus	species
taxon rank	Bauhinia divaricata is a species of flowering shrub of the family Fabaceae.	Bauhinia divaricata	species
taxon rank	Thyrsanthemum is a genus of plants in the Commelinaceae, first described in 1946.	Thyrsanthemum	genus
taxon rank	Ledermanniella letouzeyi is a species of plant in the Podostemaceae family.	Ledermanniella letouzeyi	species
taxon rank	The nose logsucker (Garra nasuta) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.	Garra nasuta	species
taxon rank	This species is referred to as Shewanella oneidensis MR-1, indicating ``manganese reducing'', a special feature of this particular organism.	Shewanella oneidensis	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe columbiana is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae known only from the páramos of high mountains in Colombia.	Psilocybe columbiana	species
taxon rank	Ascelichthys rhodorus, the Rosylip sculpin, is a species of sculpin native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from Alaska to central California where it is an inhabitant of tidepools and other intertidal environments.	Ascelichthys rhodorus	species
taxon rank	Apareiodon affinis, the darter characine, is a species of fresh water ray-finned fish native to the Río de la Plata Basin in southern Brazil, Paraguay and northern Argentina.	Apareiodon affinis	species
taxon rank	The family Mycteridae is a small group of beetles with no vernacular common name, though recent authors have coined the name palm and flower beetles.	Mycteridae	family
taxon rank	Allomethus unicicolis is a species of fly in the family Pipunculidae.	Allomethus unicicolis	species
taxon rank	Xyris ambigua, the coastal plain yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris ambigua	species
taxon rank	Islamia laiae is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Islamia laiae	species
taxon rank	Salix yoshinoi (Japanese: yoshino-yanagi) is a species of willow tree native to central Japan.	Salix yoshinoi	species
taxon rank	Aspidomorphus is a genus of venomous elapid snakes found in New Guinea and neighbouring islands.	Aspidomorphus	genus
taxon rank	Aphanomyces invadans is a species of water mould.	Aphanomyces invadans	species
taxon rank	Lolium rigidum is a species of annual grass.	Lolium rigidum	species
taxon rank	Chagunius baileyi is a species of freshwater fish of the genus Chagunius found in Myanmar and Thailand in the Salween and Sittaung rivers.	Chagunius baileyi	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Euproctosia cretata, which is found in Ghana.	Euproctosia	species
taxon rank	Floscularia ringens is a species of rotifer belonging to the subclass Monogononta, which resides in a tube that it builds using many little circular pellets consisting of bacteria and small pieces of detritus.	Floscularia ringens	species
taxon rank	Tachypodoiulus niger, known variously as the white-legged snake millipede or the black millipede, is a European species of millipede.	Tachypodoiulus niger	species
taxon rank	Necromanis (literally ``dead pangolin'') is an extinct genus of pangolin from the Oligocene and Miocene of France.	Necromanis	genus
taxon rank	Luehea is a genus of trees in the Malvaceae family.	Luehea	genus
taxon rank	Zinnia grandiflora is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Rocky Mountains zinnia and Plains zinnia.	Zinnia grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Various Deudorix butterfly species' larvae also feed on these trees, including the larvae of the Black-and-orange Playboy (Deudorix dariaves) and the Apricot Playboy (Deudorix dinochares) which both eat the fruits of Deinbollia oblongifolia.	Deinbollia oblongifolia	species
taxon rank	Antipodocottus elegans or the Dwarf sculpin is a species of sculpin in the family Cottidae.	Antipodocottus elegans	species
taxon rank	Nephropsis is a genus of lobsters containing 15 extant species:	Nephropsis	genus
taxon rank	Micropaschia orthogrammalis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Micropaschia.	Micropaschia orthogrammalis	species
taxon rank	Puccinellia parishii is an uncommon species of grass known by the common names bog alkaligrass and Parish's alkali grass.	Puccinellia parishii	species
taxon rank	Passiflora actinia species of passion flower of the Passifloraceae.	Passiflora actinia	species
taxon rank	Conus attenuatus, common name the thin cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus attenuatus	species
taxon rank	Simian retrovirus (SRV) is a species of retroviruses that usually infect and cause a fatal immune deficiency in Asian macaques.	Simian retrovirus	species
taxon rank	Nanorana conaensis (Cona paa frog, Cona spiny frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana conaensis	species
taxon rank	Typhlocaris galilea is a species of troglobitic shrimp in the genus Typhlocaris, and is endemic to one pool and spring that feeds it, at Tabgha in Israel.	Typhlocaris galilea	species
taxon rank	Pogonocherus is a genus of flat-faced longhorns beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Pogonocherus	genus
taxon rank	The Staphylococcaceae are a family of Gram positive bacteria that includes the genus Staphylococcus, noted for encompassing several medically significant pathogens.	Staphylococcaceae	family
taxon rank	Allardia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1841.	Allardia	genus
taxon rank	Bahiria latevalvata is a species of snout moth in the genus Bahiria.	Bahiria latevalvata	species
taxon rank	Lasallia pustulata is a species of lichen in the Umbilicariaceae family of fungi.	Lasallia pustulata	species
taxon rank	Drosera orbiculata is a perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera orbiculata	species
taxon rank	Dolichovespula arenaria, also known as the common aerial yellowjacket, sandhills hornet, and common yellow hornet, is a species of wasps within the Dolichovespula genus widely distributed in the North American continent.	Dolichovespula arenaria	species
taxon rank	Visma sowerbyi is a rare species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Visma sowerbyi	species
taxon rank	Metacheiromys is an extinct genus of mammal from the Middle Eocene of what is now Wyoming.	Metacheiromys	genus
taxon rank	Sibirocosa kolymensis is a species of wolf spider found in the Kolyma region in the far east of Russia.	Sibirocosa kolymensis	species
taxon rank	Epiphyllum laui is a cactus species native to Mexico.	Epiphyllum laui	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma nobile, common name the noble top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma nobile	species
taxon rank	Hieracium scouleri is a North American species of hawkweed in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Hieracium scouleri	species
taxon rank	Opisthostoma vermiculum is a species of minute land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Diplommatinidae.	Opisthostoma vermiculum	species
taxon rank	Allium rhynchogynum is a Chinese species of wild onion endemic to the Yunnan region in southern China.	Allium rhynchogynum	species
taxon rank	Werauhia gladioliflora is a species in the genus Werauhia.	Werauhia gladioliflora	species
taxon rank	Symphodus doderleini is a species of wrasse native to the coasts of the Mediterranean Sea through the Sea of Marmara.	Symphodus doderleini	species
taxon rank	Taeniacara candidi is a species of cichlid fish from the Amazon Basin in South America.	Taeniacara candidi	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos luciana is a species of manzanita known by the common name Santa Lucia manzanita, is endemic to California.	Arctostaphylos luciana	species
taxon rank	Chromogobius is a small genus of gobies native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean through the Mediterranean and Adriatic seas to the Black Sea.	Chromogobius	genus
taxon rank	Tutufa bufo, common name the red-mouth frog shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae, the frog shells.	Tutufa bufo	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis lamottei is a species of praying mantis found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, and in the Congo River area.	Amorphoscelis lamottei	species
taxon rank	The genus Tadarida has 9 or more species of bats divided into two subgenera, with the first of these containing seven species spread across the Old World (including southern Europe and North Africa, large parts of southern Asia, and India right across to Japan).	Tadarida	genus
taxon rank	Smilax laurifolia is a species of flowering plant in the greenbrier family known by the common names laurel greenbrier, laurelleaf greenbrier, bamboo vine, and blaspheme vine.	Smilax laurifolia	species
taxon rank	Pseudoarmillariella is a genus of fungi in the family Hygrophoraceae.	Pseudoarmillariella	genus
taxon rank	Calamaria modesta is a dwarf snake species in the genus Calamaria found in Java.	Calamaria modesta	species
taxon rank	Mulsantina is a genus of ladybugs (family Coccinellidae), found in North and Central America.	Mulsantina	genus
taxon rank	Mentzelia involucrata is a species of Mentzelia native to the Mojave and Sonoran deserts of North America.	Mentzelia involucrata	species
taxon rank	Cattleya luteola is a species of bifoliate Cattleya orchid, named for the light yellow color of the perianth segments.	Cattleya luteola	species
taxon rank	Renova oscari is a species of rivuline endemic to the Orinoco River basin of Venezuela.	Renova oscari	species
taxon rank	Bagropsis reinhardti is a species of long-whiskered catfish.	Bagropsis reinhardti	species
taxon rank	Amolops lifanensis (common names: Lifan sucker frog, Lifan torrent frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to central Sichuan, China.	Amolops lifanensis	species
taxon rank	Koeberlinia spinosa is a species of flowering plant native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico known by several common names, including crown of thorns, allthorn, and crucifixion thorn.	Koeberlinia	species
taxon rank	Mines very similar to that of Ectoedemia occultella have been found on Rosaceae species in Nepal and Japan and these may belong to this species.	Ectoedemia occultella	species
taxon rank	Apateodus (meaning ``confusing tooth'') is a genus of prehistoric fish which was described by Woodward in 1901.	Apateodus	genus
taxon rank	Quercus garryana, the Garry oak, Oregon white oak or Oregon oak, is a tree species with a range stretching from southern California to southwestern British Columbia.	Quercus garryana	species
taxon rank	Gaultheria humifusa is a species of shrub in the heath family which is known by the common names alpine wintergreen and alpine spicy wintergreen.	Gaultheria humifusa	species
taxon rank	Hoffmann's rat (Rattus hoffmanni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Hoffmann's rat	species
taxon rank	Oncocalamus is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in western Africa.	Oncocalamus	genus
taxon rank	The Tres Marias raccoon (Procyon lotor insularis) is a subspecies of the common raccoon endemic on the two main islands of the Islas Marías, an archipelago off the western coast of the Mexican state of Nayarit.	Tres Marias raccoon	subspecies
taxon rank	Dunkleosteus is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm fish that existed during the Late Devonian period, about 380--360 million years ago.	Dunkleosteus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Biporispora europaea, described as new to science in 1999.	Biporispora	species
taxon rank	† Daphnobela miocaenica is an extinct species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae.	Daphnobela miocaenica	species
taxon rank	Ibacus peronii, the Balmain bug or butterfly fan lobster, is a species of slipper lobster.	Ibacus peronii	species
taxon rank	Viola renifolia is a species of violet known by the common names white violet and kidneyleaf violet.	Viola renifolia	species
taxon rank	Raiamas senegalensis (silver fish or Senegal minnow) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Raiamas.	Raiamas senegalensis	species
taxon rank	Chirodropida is an order of box jellyfishes.	Chirodropida	order
taxon rank	Ororaphidia is an extinct monotypic genus of snakefly containing the single species Ororaphidia megalocephala.	Ororaphidia	genus
taxon rank	Phidippus mystaceus is a species of jumping spider that is found in North America.	Phidippus mystaceus	species
taxon rank	Pyrrhulina is a genus of freshwater fishes found in tropical South America.	Pyrrhulina	genus
taxon rank	Navarretia mellita is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name honeyscented pincushionplant.	Navarretia mellita	species
taxon rank	Limnocytheridae is a family of ostracods, containing the following genera:	Limnocytheridae	family
taxon rank	The monotypic genus Dedeckera contains the single species Dedeckera eurekensis, a plant known by the common name July gold which is endemic to California.	Dedeckera	genus
taxon rank	False baelama anchovy (Thryssa encrasicholoides), also known as New Jersey anchovy, is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Engraulidae.	Thryssa encrasicholoides	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis venator is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Nabugabo in Uganda.	Haplochromis venator	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus albinotatus is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the Preto river, a tributary of the Paraíba do Sul river.	Trichomycterus albinotatus	species
taxon rank	Grammatophyllum, abbreviated in horticultural trade as Gram, is a genus of 13 currently known orchid species.	Grammatophyllum	genus
taxon rank	The Zamiaceae are a family of cycads that are superficially palm or fern-like.	Zamiaceae	family
taxon rank	Muehlenbeckia or the maidenhair genus is native to the Southern Hemisphere, especially South America, Papua New Guinea, Australia and New Zealand, and has been introduced both by birds and cultivation to temperate locales north of the equator.	Muehlenbeckia	genus
taxon rank	Cymbium cucumis, commonly known as the cucumber volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Cymbium cucumis	species
taxon rank	Uropeltis phipsonii, commonly known as Phipson's shieldtail, is a species of snake endemic to India.	Uropeltis phipsonii	species
taxon rank	Babylonia areolata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Babyloniidae.	Babylonia areolata	species
taxon rank	Cirsotrema zelebori, common name : the slender wentletrap, is species of very small deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Cirsotrema zelebori	species
taxon rank	Cheiracanthium africanum is a spider species found in Africa and Réunion.	Cheiracanthium africanum	species
taxon rank	Malacorhynchus is a genus of duck within the family Anatidae.	Malacorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Coprosma fowerakeri is a species of Coprosma found in the South Island of New Zealand described in 2003.	Coprosma fowerakeri	species
taxon rank	Peucetia is a genus of lynx spiders that is found worldwide.	Peucetia	genus
taxon rank	Sicus ferrugineus is a species of fly from the genus Sicus in the family Conopidae.	Sicus ferrugineus	species
taxon rank	Festuca arundinacea (syn., Schedonorus arundinaceus and Lolium arundinaceum) is a species of grass commonly known as tall fescue.	Festuca arundinacea	species
taxon rank	Labulla is a genus of linyphiid spiders with three species ranging from Western Europe to Russia, and a fourth species in India that may not be closely related to the other three, and may belong in a different genus.	Labulla	genus
taxon rank	Chromohalobacter salexigens is a moderately halophilic species of bacteria.	Chromohalobacter salexigens	species
taxon rank	Falsohomaemota novacaledonica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsohomaemota.	Falsohomaemota novacaledonica	species
taxon rank	Gongbusaurus is a genus of ornithischian, perhaps ornithopod, dinosaur that lived between about 160 and 155 million years ago, in the Late Jurassic period.	Gongbusaurus	genus
taxon rank	Arvicanthis is a genus of rodent from Africa.	Arvicanthis	genus
taxon rank	Helcogrammoides chilensis is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogrammoides.	Helcogrammoides chilensis	species
taxon rank	Ikechosaurus is an extinct genus of choristoderan which existed in China and Mongolia during the Cretaceous period.	Ikechosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Beetles are a group of insects that form the order Coleoptera /koʊliːˈɒptərə/.	Beetle	order
taxon rank	Juniperus monosperma (one-seed juniper) is a species of juniper native to western North America, in the United States in Arizona, New Mexico, southern Colorado, western Oklahoma (Panhandle), and western Texas, and in Mexico in the extreme north of Chihuahua.	Juniperus monosperma	species
taxon rank	Clarkia xantiana is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name gunsight clarkia.	Clarkia xantiana	species
taxon rank	first published this species under the name Epidendrum alpicolum in 1854.	Epidendrum alpicolum	species
taxon rank	Copiapoa atacamensis is a species of cactus from the Atacama Desert in the province of Antofagasta in northern Chile.	Copiapoa atacamensis	species
taxon rank	Allium flavum is a species of onion native to the lands surrounding the Mediterranean, Black, and Caspian Seas, from France + Morocco to Iran + Kazakhstan.	Allium flavum	species
taxon rank	Lactarius aspideoides, commonly known as the bright yellow milkcap, is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.	Lactarius aspideoides	species
taxon rank	Dawsonocerina is an extinct genus of prehistoric nautiloid.	Dawsonocerina	genus
taxon rank	Holodactylus africanus is a species of gecko that is commonly found in Eastern Africa.	Holodactylus africanus	species
taxon rank	Callistosporium vinosobrunneum is a species of agaric fungus in the Tricholomataceae family.	Callistosporium vinosobrunneum	species
taxon rank	Jobellisia is a genus of fungi within the family Jobiellaceae, class Sordariomycetes.	Jobellisia	genus
taxon rank	Truncatella subcylindrica is a species of small land snail that lives at the edge of the sea.	Truncatella subcylindrica	species
taxon rank	Labidosaurikos is an extinct genus of prehistoric reptile.	Labidosaurikos	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron parishii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Parish's fleabane.	Erigeron parishii	species
taxon rank	Microdevario is a small genus of danionin cyprinids.	Microdevario	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium dunedinense is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated in Dunedin in New Zealand.	Penicillium dunedinense	species
taxon rank	Montsechia is an extinct genus of aquatic plants containing the species Montsechia vidalii.	Montsechia	genus
taxon rank	Tettigidea empedonepia is a species of insect in family Tetrigidae.	Tettigidea empedonepia	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron prinophyllum, the early azalea, is a rhododendron species native to the eastern and southern United States.	Rhododendron prinophyllum	species
taxon rank	Japonactaeon punctostriatus, common names Adam's baby bubble and pitted baby-bubble, is a species of minute sea snail or ``bubble snail'', a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Acteonidae, the ``barrel bubble'' snails.	Japonactaeon punctostriatus	species
taxon rank	Vinciguerria poweriae (also known as Power's deep-water bristle-mouth fish) is a species of lightfish belonging to the genus Vinciguerria.	Vinciguerria poweriae	species
taxon rank	Poa paludigena is a species of grass known by the common names bog bluegrass, marsh bluegrass, slender marsh bluegrass, and Patterson's bluegrass.	Poa paludigena	species
taxon rank	Pandanales (pandans or screw-pines) is the botanical name for an order of flowering plants placed in the monocot clade in the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group and Angiosperm Phylogeny Web systems.	Pandanales	order
taxon rank	Lebia nigripes is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in France, Spain, Italy, and the island of Sicily.	Lebia nigripes	species
taxon rank	Viola calcarata L. is a species of genus Viola that grows on mountains of south-eastern Europe.	Viola calcarata	species
taxon rank	Otekaikea is an extinct genus of toothed whale closely related to Waipatia.	Otekaikea	genus
taxon rank	Abryna copei is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Asia in countries such as Philippines.	Abryna copei	species
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Rohria monanthos.	Rohria	species
taxon rank	Thermopsis gracilis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name slender goldenbanner.	Thermopsis gracilis	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis chopardi is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana.	Amorphoscelis chopardi	species
taxon rank	Verschaffeltia splendida is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.	Verschaffeltia	species
taxon rank	Batrachostomus is a genus of frogmouths.	Batrachostomus	genus
taxon rank	Lithophragma cymbalaria is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name mission woodland star.	Lithophragma cymbalaria	species
taxon rank	Centriscus is a genus of shrimpfishes found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Centriscus	genus
taxon rank	Heteracris trimaculata, also known as Three-spotted Forest Grasshopper, is a species of grasshopper.	Heteracris trimaculata	species
taxon rank	Nomorhamphus towoeti is a species of fish in the Hemiramphidae family.	Nomorhamphus towoeti	species
taxon rank	Linum grandiflorum (syn. L. coccineum) is a species of flax known by several common names, including flowering flax, red flax, scarlet flax, and crimson flax.	Linum grandiflorum	species
taxon rank	Ceramaster arcticus, the Arctic cookie star, is a species of sea star.	Ceramaster arcticus	species
taxon rank	Allium haematochiton is a North American species of wild onion known by the common name redskin onion.	Allium haematochiton	species
taxon rank	Clerodendrum thomsoniae is a species of flowering plant in the genus Clerodendrum of the family Lamiaceae, native to tropical west Africa from Cameroon west to Senegal.	Clerodendrum thomsoniae	species
taxon rank	Lokotunjailurus is an extinct genus of saber-toothed cats (Machairodontinae) which existed in Kenya and Chad during the Miocene epoch.	Lokotunjailurus	genus
taxon rank	Melicope cinerea is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family known by the common name manena.	Melicope cinerea	species
taxon rank	Ocyropsis is a genus of oceanic lobate ctenophores.	Ocyropsis	genus
taxon rank	Ensete superbum is a species of banana from India.	Ensete superbum	species
taxon rank	Pavoclinus profundus, the Deepwater klipfish, is a species of clinid found from Knysna to Algoa Bay along the South African coast where it can be found at depths of from 20 to 40 metres (66 to 131 ft).	Pavoclinus profundus	species
taxon rank	Ardeadoris carlsoni is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.	Ardeadoris carlsoni	species
taxon rank	Heterotheca sessiliflora is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name sessileflower false goldenaster.	Heterotheca sessiliflora	species
taxon rank	Promerycochoerus (``Before Merycochoerus'' or ``Before Ruminating Hog'') is an extinct genus of hippopotamus-like oreodont artiodactyl that lived in Central North America during the Early Miocene.	Promerycochoerus	genus
taxon rank	Eriogonum strictum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Blue Mountain buckwheat.	Eriogonum strictum	species
taxon rank	Erelieva parvulella is a species of snout moth in the genus Erelieva.	Erelieva parvulella	species
taxon rank	Calanticidae is a family of barnacles in the order Pedunculata, containing the following genera:	Calanticidae	family
taxon rank	Piperia unalascensis is a species of orchid known by the common names slender-spire orchid, Alaska piperia and Alaska rein orchid.	Piperia unalascensis	species
taxon rank	Mimiculus maculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimiculus.	Mimiculus maculatus	species
taxon rank	The Shangcheng stout salamander, Pachyhynobius shangchengensis, is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family.	Pachyhynobius	species
taxon rank	Diasporus gularis, also known as the Esmeraldas robber frog, is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Diasporus gularis	species
taxon rank	Tetradium daniellii, the bee-bee tree, is a species of flowering plant in the Rutaceae family.	Tetradium daniellii	species
taxon rank	Amata lucta is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae.	Amata lucta	species
taxon rank	Standleyanthus is a genus of Central American plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.	Standleyanthus	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron parryi is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Parry's fleabane.	Erigeron parryi	species
taxon rank	Wallago hexanema is a species of catfish in the Siluridae family (the sheatfishes) native to Asia.	Wallago hexanema	species
taxon rank	Calathea anulque is a species of plant in the Marantaceae family that is endemic to Ecuador.	Calathea anulque	species
taxon rank	Polyscias sambucifolia, commonly known as elderberry panax, is a species of plant native to eastern Australia.	Polyscias sambucifolia	species
taxon rank	Hypochniciellum is a genus of corticioid fungi in the family Amylocorticiaceae.	Hypochniciellum	genus
taxon rank	Schisandra glabra, the bay star-vine, is the only American species of this primarily Asian genus.	Schisandra glabra	species
taxon rank	Psoroptidae is a family of mites.	Psoroptidae	family
taxon rank	Hylorchilus is a genus of bird in the Troglodytidae family.	Hylorchilus	genus
taxon rank	Clivina elegans is a ground beetle species in the genus Clivina.	Clivina elegans	species
taxon rank	Astragalus layneae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name widow's milkvetch.	Astragalus layneae	species
taxon rank	Juga plicifera, common name pleated juga, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Semisulcospiridae.	Juga plicifera	species
taxon rank	Diplocaulidae (``horned crawlers'') is an extinct family of lepospondyl amphibians that arose during the Late Carboniferous and died out in the Late Permian.	Diplocaulidae	family
taxon rank	Solidago perornata is a rare North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Solidago perornata	species
taxon rank	Pyrotherium ('fire beast') is an extinct genus of South American ungulate, of the order Pyrotheria, that lived in what is now Argentina, during the Early Oligocene.	Pyrotherium	genus
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Worsleya procera, native to eastern Brazil.	Worsleya	species
taxon rank	Croton laevigatus is a plant species native to Asia.	Croton laevigatus	species
taxon rank	Glanapteryx is a genus of catfishes native to South America.	Glanapteryx	genus
taxon rank	The tribe Detarieae is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae (the family which includes the legumes).	Detarieae	tribe
taxon rank	Sulfobacillus acidophilus is a species of moderately thermophilic mineral-sulphide-oxidizing bacteria.	Sulfobacillus acidophilus	species
taxon rank	Favonigobius lentiginosus is a species of goby native to the coastal waters of Australia and New Zealand.	Favonigobius lentiginosus	species
taxon rank	Cornutia is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1753.	Cornutia	genus
taxon rank	Derris trifoliata is a plant species in the genus Derris.	Derris trifoliata	species
taxon rank	Amolops jaunsari (Jaunsar stream frog) is a species of frog found in Chakrata, Uttarakhand, India.	Amolops jaunsari	species
taxon rank	The Mohol bushbaby (Galago moholi) is a species of primate in the family Galagidae.	Mohol bushbaby	species
taxon rank	Philodromus punctiger is a spider species found in the Canary Islands and Spain.	Philodromus punctiger	species
taxon rank	Mangifera sylvatica (also known as the Himalayan mango, pickling mango, or Nepal mango) is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.	Mangifera sylvatica	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus crenulata, commonly known as Buxton Gum or Silver Gum, is a rare species of Eucalyptus which is found only in the wild in the Acheron River valley and at Yering near Yarra Glen and in Victoria, Australia.	Eucalyptus crenulata	species
taxon rank	Amysoria is a genus of skippers in the butterfly family Hesperiidae.	Amysoria	genus
taxon rank	Entoconcha mirabilis is a species of very small parasitic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.	Entoconcha mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Oxynoticeratidae is a family of true ammonites (order Ammonitida) included in the superfamily Psilocerataceae.	Oxynoticeratidae	family
taxon rank	Nebria lariollei lariollei is a subspecies of beetle in the Carabidae family that is endemic to France.	Nebria lariollei lariollei	subspecies
taxon rank	Beaucarnea is a genus of flowering plants native to Mexico and Central America.	Beaucarnea	genus
taxon rank	Sibynophis subpunctatus, commonly known as Duméril's black-headed snake or Jerdon's many-toothed snake, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka.	Sibynophis subpunctatus	species
taxon rank	Markhamia is a genus of flowering plants in the Bignoniaceae family.	Markhamia	genus
taxon rank	Acarophenacidae is a family of mites in the order Trombidiformes that parasitise beetles or thrips.	Acarophenacidae	family
taxon rank	Leptophlebia marginata, the sepia dun, is a species of mayfly in the family Leptophlebiidae.	Leptophlebia marginata	species
taxon rank	Enoplocerus armillatus, common name Giant Longhorn Beetle or Imperious Sawyer, is a species of longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family, Prioninae subfamily.	Enoplocerus armillatus	species
taxon rank	Pandanus odorifer is an aromatic monocot species of plant in the Pandanaceae family, native to Polynesia, Australia, South Asia (Andaman Islands), and the Philippines, and is also found wild in southern India and Burma.	Pandanus odorifer	species
taxon rank	Chenopodium is a genus of numerous species of perennial or annual herbaceous flowering plants known as the goosefoots, which occur almost anywhere in the world.	Chenopodium	genus
taxon rank	Bovichtus variegatus is a species of thornfish found around New Zealand from the Wellington area southwards.	Bovichtus variegatus	species
taxon rank	The Tabasco mud turtle (Kinosternon acutum) is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family.	Tabasco mud turtle	species
taxon rank	Leptosiphon oblanceolatus (syn. Linanthus oblanceolatus) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Sierra Nevada linanthus.	Leptosiphon oblanceolatus	species
taxon rank	Perotrochus anseeuwi is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae, the slit snails.	Perotrochus anseeuwi	species
taxon rank	Eleutherococcus setulosus is a plant species in the family Araliaceae.	Eleutherococcus setulosus	species
taxon rank	Allium carolinianum is a species of onions native to central and southern Asia (Xinjiang, Xizang (Tibet), Afghanistan, Bhutan, India, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Nepal, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan).	Allium carolinianum	species
taxon rank	Anomalopus swansoni is a species of burrowing skink endemic to Australia.	Anomalopus swansoni	species
taxon rank	Pterospermum is a flowering plant genus.	Pterospermum	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Domeykodactylus ceciliae.	Domeykodactylus	species
taxon rank	Morula marginalba is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Morula marginalba	species
taxon rank	Graculavus is a prehistoric bird genus that was described in the 19th century by American paleontologist O. C. Marsh.	Graculavus	genus
taxon rank	The American rosefinches that form the genus Haemorhous, are a group of passerine birds in the finch family Fringillidae.	American rosefinch	genus
taxon rank	Aforia trilix is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.	Aforia trilix	species
taxon rank	Syrnolopsis gracilis is a species of medium-sized freshwater snails with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.	Syrnolopsis gracilis	species
taxon rank	Zabrus silphoides is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that can be found in Portugal and Spain.	Zabrus silphoides	species
taxon rank	Ancylostoma duodenale is a species of the worm genus Ancylostoma.	Ancylostoma duodenale	species
taxon rank	Batrochoglanis is a small genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Pseudopimelodidae.	Batrochoglanis	genus
taxon rank	Cyanea longiflora (formerly Rollandia longiflora) is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name ridge rollandia.	Cyanea longiflora	species
taxon rank	Typhaea stercorea is a cosmopolitan species of beetle of the family Mycetophagidae, known by the common name hairy fungus beetle.	Typhaea stercorea	species
taxon rank	Erythronium (fawn lily, trout lily, dog's-tooth violet, adder's tongue) is a genus of Eurasian and North American plants in the lily family.	Erythronium	genus
taxon rank	Pseudolithoxus tigris is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Orinoco and Ventuari River basins.	Pseudolithoxus tigris	species
taxon rank	It contains the species Actinocrates euryniphas, which is known from Fiji.	Actinocrates	species
taxon rank	Polyschides is a genus of gadilid scaphopod.	Polyschides	genus
taxon rank	Melongena corona, common name the Florida crown conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Melongenidae, the crown conches and their allies.	Melongena corona	species
taxon rank	Crocallis tusciaria, the smoky scalloped oak, is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.	Crocallis tusciaria	species
taxon rank	Assiminea vulgaris is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Assimineidae.	Assiminea vulgaris	species
taxon rank	Philodromus marmoratus is a spider species found in Austria, Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Ukraine.	Philodromus marmoratus	species
taxon rank	Parribacus japonicus, the Japanese mitten lobster, is a species of slipper lobster.	Parribacus japonicus	species
taxon rank	Aeropyrum pernix is a species of extremophile archaean in the archaean phylum Crenarchaeota.	Aeropyrum pernix	species
taxon rank	Loligo is a genus of squids and one of the most representative and widely distributed groups of myopsid squids.	Loligo	genus
taxon rank	Mantura obtusata is a species of Chrysomelidae family, that can be found nearly everywhere in Europe.	Mantura obtusata	species
taxon rank	Donax fossor is a species of small saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk species in the family Donacidae.	Donax fossor	species
taxon rank	Phyllaplysia is a genus of sea slugs, specifically sea hares, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Phyllaplysia	genus
taxon rank	Spermacoce neoterminalis, the Everglades Key false buttonweed, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Spermacoce neoterminalis	species
taxon rank	Cucumericrus is a genus of anomalocaridid known from a few poorly preserved specimens.	Cucumericrus	genus
taxon rank	Peltophryne fluviatica, common names Dominican Caribbean toad or Hispaniolan crestless toad, is a species of toad endemic to the Cibao Valley in the northwestern Dominican Republic.	Peltophryne fluviatica	species
taxon rank	Panopeidae is a family containing 25 genera of morphologically similar crabs, often known as ``mud crabs''.	Panopeidae	family
taxon rank	Empetrichthys is a genus of splitfins endemic to the state of Nevada in the United States.	Empetrichthys	genus
taxon rank	Koreanosaurus (meaning ``Korean lizard'') is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur.	Koreanosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Mimomusonius viettei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimomusonius.	Mimomusonius viettei	species
taxon rank	Mahonia bracteolata is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1917.	Mahonia bracteolata	species
taxon rank	The Willow-Leaved Water Croton, (Homonoia riparia), a mangrove species, belongs to the genus Excoecaria of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Homonoia riparia	species
taxon rank	Keysseria (island-daisy) is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Keysseria	genus
taxon rank	The identified molecular markers provide reliable means for the division of species from the phylum Synergistetes into intermediate taxonomic ranks such as families and orders.	Synergistetes	division
taxon rank	Krigia cespitosa, known as common dwarf-dandelion, opposite-leaved dwarf-dandelion, or weedy dwarfdandelion, is a North American species of plant in the sunflower family .	Krigia cespitosa	species
taxon rank	Tricholosporum goniospermum is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Tricholosporum.	Tricholosporum goniospermum	species
taxon rank	Conus kuroharai, common name Kurohara's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus kuroharai	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces ghanaensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Ghana.	Streptomyces ghanaensis	species
taxon rank	Microlipophrys canevae is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northeast Atlantic Ocean near Portugal and in the Mediterranean Sea.	Microlipophrys canevae	species
taxon rank	Clypeomorus pellucida, common name the pellucid cerith, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.	Clypeomorus pellucida	species
taxon rank	Lygromma anops is one of only three known eyeless spiders in the superfamily Gnaphosoidea, and one of only two known troglobites (cave species).	Lygromma anops	species
taxon rank	Dinacoma is a small genus of beetles in the scarab family (Scarabaeidae).	Dinacoma	genus
taxon rank	Jacksonia scoparia, commonly known as dogwood (from its strong odour when burning), is a native species of a pea-flowered, greyish, leafless, broom-like shrub or small tree that occurs in the south east of Queensland, Australia and eastern New South Wales.	Jacksonia scoparia	species
taxon rank	Alocasia brisbanensis is a species of plant in the family Araceae.	Alocasia brisbanensis	species
taxon rank	Russula graveolens is an edible species of fungus in the genus Russula.	Russula graveolens	species
taxon rank	Epiophlebia superstes is a species of dragonfly that is native to Japan.	Epiophlebia superstes	species
taxon rank	Pertusaria is a large genus of warty crustose lichens It is in the Pertusariaceae family.	Pertusaria	genus
taxon rank	Lachanodes is a genus of plants in the groundsel tribe of the sunflower family.	Lachanodes	genus
taxon rank	Furcantenna yangi is a species of hoverfly from Guangxi, China.	Furcantenna	species
taxon rank	Emmelina is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family with a nearly cosmopolitan distribution.	Emmelina	genus
taxon rank	Rhinelepis is a genus of South American armored catfish.	Rhinelepis	genus
taxon rank	Pritchardia munroi, the Kamalo pritchardia, is a species of fan palm that is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.	Pritchardia munroi	species
taxon rank	Monophyllanthe is a genus of plants native to Brazil, Colombia, French Guinea and Suriname.	Monophyllanthe	genus
taxon rank	Laetiporus is a genus of edible mushrooms found throughout much of the world.	Laetiporus	genus
taxon rank	Aechmea chantinii var. chantinii (Carrière) Baker, 1889 - most of species range Aechmea chantinii var. fuchsii H.Luther (1987 publ. 1988).	Aechmea chantinii	species
taxon rank	Pinara cana is a species of moth of the Lasiocampidae family.	Pinara cana	species
taxon rank	Traquairaspis is a genus of extinct heterostracan agnathan fish known from the Silurian and Early Devonian periods.	Traquairaspis	genus
taxon rank	The Rhabditidae are a family of nematodes which includes the model organism Caenorhabditis elegans.	Rhabditidae	family
taxon rank	The Phiomyidae are a family of prehistoric rodents from Africa and Eurasia.	Phiomyidae	family
taxon rank	Tylochromis polylepis is a species of cichlid native to Lake Tanganyika as well as the Lukuga River where it prefers swampy habitats.	Tylochromis polylepis	species
taxon rank	Makowskia is an extinct genus of discosauriscid seymouriamorph known from the early Permian (lower Saxonian age) of Boskovice Furrow, in the Czech Republic.	Makowskia	genus
taxon rank	Irolita is a genus of softnose skates, family Rajidae, commonly known as the round skates.	Irolita	genus
taxon rank	Ostrya japonica (Japanese Hop-hornbeam) is a species of tree in the Betulaceae family growing to 25 m tall.	Ostrya japonica	species
taxon rank	Plestiodon is the name for a genus of lizards formerly referred to as Eumeces, except those now placed in Mesoscincus.	Plestiodon	genus
taxon rank	Eucalyptus fasciculosa, or pink gum, is a species of Eucalyptus which is endemic to Australia.	Eucalyptus fasciculosa	species
taxon rank	Dysdera adriatica is a spider species found in Austria and the Balkans.	Dysdera adriatica	species
taxon rank	Ceratomyxa is a genus of myxozoan.	Ceratomyxa	genus
taxon rank	Enteroxenos muelleri is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.	Enteroxenos muelleri	species
taxon rank	Caryophyllales is an order of flowering plants that includes the cacti, carnations, amaranths, ice plants, beets, and many carnivorous plants.	Caryophyllales	order
taxon rank	Griffinia hyacinthina is a bulbous species of flowering plant which is endemic to Brazil.	Griffinia hyacinthina	species
taxon rank	Paspalum floridanum is a species of grass known by the common name Florida paspalum.	Paspalum floridanum	species
taxon rank	Radiospongilla sceptroides is a species of freshwater sponge in the family Spongillidae.	Radiospongilla sceptroides	species
taxon rank	Cattleya alaorii, commonly known as the Laelia alaorii, is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Bahia).	Cattleya alaorii	species
taxon rank	Paulinella is a genus of about nine species of freshwater amoeboids.	Paulinella	genus
taxon rank	Prodinoceras (``Before Terrible Horns'') was the earliest known uintathere genus, which lived in the late Paleocene of Mongolia.	Prodinoceras	genus
taxon rank	Austroharpa learorum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae, the harp snails.	Austroharpa learorum	species
taxon rank	Penicillium clavigerum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces fumigaclavine A and fumigaclavine B	Penicillium clavigerum	species
taxon rank	Eupatorium fortunei, in Chinese called 佩兰 pei lan, is a plant species in Asteraceae native from Asia where it is rare in the wild but commonly cultivated.	Eupatorium fortunei	species
taxon rank	Crocydoscelus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing one species, Crocydoscelus ferrugineum, which is known from the Republic of Congo and Nigeria.	Crocydoscelus	species
taxon rank	Cinna latifolia is a species of grass known by the common name drooping woodreed.	Cinna latifolia	species
taxon rank	Phomopsis azadirachtae is a fungus, a species of the Phomopsis genus.	Phomopsis azadirachtae	species
taxon rank	Amissidens hainesi, the Ridged catfish, is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Amissidens of the family Ariidae.	Amissidens hainesi	species
taxon rank	Leptophlebiidae is a family belonging to the Ephemeropterans that are commonly known as the prong-gilled mayflies or leptophlebiids.	Leptophlebiidae	family
taxon rank	Cassida panzeri is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family, that can be found in the Palearctic region, and in the Honshu province of Japan.	Cassida panzeri	species
taxon rank	Cercidiphyllum is a genus containing two species of plants, both commonly called katsura.	Cercidiphyllum	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Potanichthys xingyiensis.	Potanichthys	species
taxon rank	Melipotis cellaris, the Cellar Melipotis Moth, is a species of moth in the Erebidae family.	Melipotis cellaris	species
taxon rank	Struthiolariidae is a family of small to medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Stromboidea.	Struthiolariidae	family
taxon rank	Vicia menziesii is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Hawaiian vetch.	Vicia menziesii	species
taxon rank	Philomycus virginicus, common name the Virginia philomycus, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Philomycidae.	Philomycus virginicus	species
taxon rank	Cyclotrichium is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described as a genus in 1953.	Cyclotrichium	genus
taxon rank	Atopodontus adriaensi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Gabon where it occurs in rapids of the Ivindo, Okano, Ngounié and the Nyanga Rivers.	Atopodontus adriaensi	species
taxon rank	The Peaks of Otter salamander (Plethodon hubrichti) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the Peaks of Otter area in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia.	Peaks of Otter salamander	species
taxon rank	Nanobagrus is a genus of bagrid catfishes found in Southeast Asia.	Nanobagrus	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Normannognathus wellnhoferi.	Normannognathus	species
taxon rank	Oxynoemacheilus ercisianus is a species of stone loach endemic to Turkey.	Oxynoemacheilus ercisianus	species
taxon rank	Kallymenia ercegovicii a red algae species first discovered in the Mediterranean Sea, in the coast of Croatia.	Kallymenia ercegovicii	species
taxon rank	Hydrophyllum occidentale is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common name western waterleaf.	Hydrophyllum occidentale	species
taxon rank	Plumbago europaea, also known as the common leadwort, is a plant species in the genus Plumbago found in the Mediterranean Basin and Central Asia.	Plumbago europaea	species
taxon rank	Nomorhamphus megarrhamphus is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to Lake Towuti in Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Nomorhamphus megarrhamphus	species
taxon rank	Brygmophyseter is an extinct genus of toothed whale in the sperm whale family with one species Brygmophyseter shigensis.	Brygmophyseter	species
taxon rank	Annandaliella pectinifera is a species of tarantula, a type of spider, in the subfamily Selenogyrinae.	Annandaliella pectinifera	species
taxon rank	Penicillium caseifulvum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which occurs on the surface of blue cheese and causes discoloration in form of brown spots.	Penicillium caseifulvum	species
taxon rank	Aparallactus capensis, or the Cape centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Aparallactus capensis	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma philippei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma philippei	species
taxon rank	Brickellia parvula (Mt. Davis brickellbush) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia parvula	species
taxon rank	Tecophilaea is a genus of cormous plants in the family Tecophilaeaceae.	Tecophilaea	genus
taxon rank	Clariger is a genus of gobies native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean from coastal waters and tide pools around Japan and Taiwan.	Clariger	genus
taxon rank	Pinus morrisonicola (Taiwan white pine; Chinese: 台湾五针松; pinyin: taiwan wuzhensong; literally: ``Taiwan five-needle pine''), is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus morrisonicola	species
taxon rank	Sinployea pitcairnensis is a species of land snail in the family Charopidae.	Sinployea pitcairnensis	species
taxon rank	Vertigo arctica (Wallenberg, 1858) is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Vertigo arctica	species
taxon rank	Cucurbita scabridifolia is a plant species of the genus Cucurbita native to Mexico.	Cucurbita scabridifolia	species
taxon rank	Ariadna ustulata is a species of tube-dwelling spider that is endemic to the Seychelles.	Ariadna ustulata	species
taxon rank	Persicaria longiseta is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names Oriental lady's thumb, bristly lady's thumb, Asiatic smartweed, long-bristled smartweed, Asiatic waterpepper, bristled knotweed, bunchy knotweed, and tufted knotweed.	Persicaria longiseta	species
taxon rank	Porphyrostemma is a genus of African plants in the Irish fleabane tribe within the daisy family.	Porphyrostemma	genus
taxon rank	Calathea zebrina (zebra plant) is a species of plant in the family Marantaceae, native to southeastern Brazil.	Calathea zebrina	species
taxon rank	Acacia caerulescens, commonly known as limestone blue wattle, Buchan blue or Buchan blue wattle is a tree species that is endemic to Victoria, Australia.	Acacia caerulescens	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus digitus is a species of bug from the Miridae family that is endemic to France.	Orthotylus digitus	species
taxon rank	Ligularia sibirica is the type species for the genus Ligularia.	Ligularia sibirica	species
taxon rank	Amaranthus tuberculatus, commonly known as roughfruit amaranth, rough-fruited water-hemp, or tall waterhemp, is a species of flowering plant.	Amaranthus tuberculatus	species
taxon rank	Abbottella calliotropis is a species of operculate land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.	Abbottella calliotropis	species
taxon rank	Gilia millefoliata is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name manyleaf gilia.	Gilia millefoliata	species
taxon rank	Inga disticha is a species of Fabaceae that was described by botanist George Bentham.	Inga disticha	species
taxon rank	Felis is a genus of small and medium-sized cat species native to most of Africa and south of 60° latitude in Europe and Asia to Indochina.	Felis	genus
taxon rank	Eochelone is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the late Eocene.	Eochelone	genus
taxon rank	Melanodes anthracitaria, the black geometrid, is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.	Melanodes anthracitaria	species
taxon rank	Pachyminixi is a small southern neotropical genus of potter wasps.	Pachyminixi	genus
taxon rank	Monilea callifera, common name shrewd trochid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Monilea callifera	species
taxon rank	Cautethia noctuiformis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae, which is known from the Caribbean.	Cautethia noctuiformis	species
taxon rank	The family-level name Vulcanodontidae was erected by M.R. Cooper in 1984.	Vulcanodontidae	family
taxon rank	Elops hawaiensis, the Hawaiian ladyfish, Hawaiian tenpounder, or banana fish, is a species of fish in the Elopidae family.	Elops hawaiensis	species
taxon rank	Epidendrum excisum is a species of orchid known to grow both epiphytically and terrestrially on steep rocky banks in mountainous regions of Columbia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela.	Epidendrum excisum	species
taxon rank	Penicillium christenseniae is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from native forest near Costa Rica.	Penicillium christenseniae	species
taxon rank	Solidago uliginosa, or bog goldenrod, is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Solidago uliginosa	species
taxon rank	Malacothamnus clementinus is a rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name San Clemente Island bushmallow.	Malacothamnus clementinus	species
voice type	Buddug Verona James is a Welsh mezzo-soprano opera singer who studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, the National Opera Studio and in Rome.	Buddug Verona James	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Domenico Donzelli (February 2, 1790 -- March 31, 1873) was an Italian tenor with a robust voice who enjoyed an important career in Paris, London and his native country during the 1808-1841 period.	Domenico Donzelli	tenor
voice type	Jane Henschel (born 2 March 1952) is an American operatic mezzo soprano.	Jane Henschel	soprano
voice type	Emanuel List (born March 22, 1888 in Vienna - d. June 21, 1967 in Vienna) was an Austrian-American opera bass.	Emanuel List	bass
voice type	June Bronhill OBE (26 June 1929 -- 24 January 2005) was an internationally acclaimed Australian soprano opera singer.	June Bronhill	soprano
