Robbi , Tobbi und das Fliewatüüt is a popular German book for children by Boy Lornsen , first published in 1967 .
Index to Fantasy and Science Fiction in Munsey Publications is a bibliography of science fiction stories that appeared magazines published by Frank Munsey .
Mazhavilkoodaram ( English : Rain Castle ) ( Malayalam:മഴവിൽകൂടാരം ) is a 1995 Malayalam musical action film written and directed by Siddique Shameer , starring Rahman , Annie , Rajan P. Dev , Mala Aravindan , Idavela Babu , and Zainuddin .
Bombay Mittayi ( Malayalam : ബോംബേ മിഠായി ) is an upcoming Malayalam - language film directed by Umar Karikkad starring Vinu Mohan , Neelambari , Amar Singh and Dimple Kapadia in the lead roles .
Wilfred Lucas as Jim Bludso Olga Grey as Gabrielle Georgie Stone as Little Breeches Charles Lee as Tom Taggart Winifred Westover as Kate Taggart Sam De Grasse as Ben Merrill James O'Shea as Banty Tim Monte Blue as Joe Bower Al Joy - Gambler Lillian Langdon Bert Woodruff
The Adventures of Tartu ( alternate British title and American release title : Sabotage Agent , aka Tartu ) , is a 1943 British Second World War spy film starring Robert Donat .
S - Files premiered on June 7 , 1998 with Paolo Bediones and Lyn Ching as the hosts .
Real Rob is an American comedy television series created by Rob Schneider .
The Curse of Iku is an 1918 American drama film directed by Frank Borzage and featuring Borzage , Tsuru Aoki , and Thomas Kurihara in lead dual roles .
The Yellow Mask is a 1930 British musical crime film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Lupino Lane , Dorothy Seacombe and Warwick Ward .
My Lady Boss is a Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Jade Castro , starring Richard Gutierrez and Marian Rivera .
Wife vs. Secretary is a 1936 comedy film directed and co - produced by Clarence Brown , and starring Clark Gable as a successful businessman , Jean Harlow as his secretary , and Myrna Loy as his wife , supported by James Stewart , in one of his first memorable roles , as the secretary 's suitor .
Well Done , Henry is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Wilfred Noy and starring Will Fyffe , Cathleen Nesbitt and Charles Hawtrey .
Panakkaran is a 1990 Tamil language film starring Rajinikanth and Gouthami .
Road , Movie ( Hindi : रोड , मूवी ) is a 2009 Indian road movie directed by Dev Benegal , and starring Abhay Deol , Tannishtha Chatterjee , and Satish Kaushik .
The Llano Kid is a 1939 Western film starring Tito Guízar in the title role of Enrique Ibarra / the Llano Kid .
Yankee Buccaneer is a 1952 swashbuckler film starring Jeff Chandler as a US Navy officer fighting pirates .
One Armed Boxer ( 獨臂拳王 ) is a 1971 Hong Kong martial arts film starring Jimmy Wang Yu .
Charlie Valentine , is a 2009 Crime drama starring Raymond J. Barry in the titular role .
Reveille with Beverly ( 1943 ) is an American film starring Ann Miller , Franklin Pangborn , and Larry Parks directed by Charles Barton , released by Columbia Pictures , based on the Reveille with Beverly radio show hosted by Jean Ruth Hay .
Congress in Seville ( Spanish : Congreso en Sevilla ) is a 1955 Spanish musical film directed by Antonio Román and starring Carmen Sevilla , Fernando Fernán Gómez and Manolo Morán .
Ek Chalis Ki Last Local ( English : Last Local of 1:40 ) is a 2007 Bollywood crime comedy film directed by Sanjay Khanduri , starring Abhay Deol opposite Neha Dhupia in lead roles .
Way of the Dragon 2 , also known as Bruce Le 's Greatest Revenge , is a 1978 martial arts sequel to Way of the Dragon starring Bruce Le .
The feature stars Blanche Sweet and Thomas Meighan and is based on the novel , The Sowers by Henry Seton Merriman .
Divorce American Style is a 1967 American satirical comedy film directed by Bud Yorkin and starring Dick Van Dyke , Debbie Reynolds , Jean Simmons , Jason Robards and Van Johnson .
Northwest Outpost ( aka , End of the Rainbow ) is a 1947 American musical film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Nelson Eddy , Ilona Massey and Joseph Schildkraut .
Raula Pai Gaya - Fun Unlimited is a Punjabi film starring Ravinder Grewal and Surbhi Jyoti in the main lead .
La Maison de la Fléche is a 1930 French mystery film directed by Henri Fescourt , starring Alice Field , Léon Mathot and Gaston Dupray .
The film stars Sally Field in the title role , Beau Bridges as Norma Rae 's husband , Sonny , and Ron Leibman as union organizer Reuben Warshowsky .
Captain Tugboat Annie is a 1945 second sequel to the classic Tugboat Annie ( 1933 ) , this time starring Jane Darwell as Annie and Edgar Kennedy as Horatio Bullwinkle .
Pete ' n ' Tillie is a 1972 American comedy - drama film starring Walter Matthau and Carol Burnett in the title roles .
The First Offence is a 1936 British low - budget `` quota quickie '' drama film directed by Herbert Mason and starring John Mills , Lilli Palmer and Bernard Nedell .
His Trysting Place is a short 1914 film written and directed by Charles Chaplin and starring Chaplin and Mabel Normand .
A Perfect State was a 1997 British situation comedy starring Gwen Taylor , Richard Hope , Trevor Cooper , Emma Amos and Danny Webb .
Six Lessons from Madame La Zonga is a 1941 American comedy film starring Lupe Vélez .
The Blood Demon or Die Schlangengrube und das Pendel , also known as The Torture Chamber of Dr. Sadism , The Snake Pit and the Pendulum , and Castle of the Walking Dead , is a 1967 German horror film directed by Harald Reinl and starring Christopher Lee , Karin Dor , and Lex Barker .
The King and Four Queens is a 1956 American Western adventure comedy / mystery film starring Clark Gable and Eleanor Parker .
Lost Command is a 1966 war film starring Anthony Quinn , Alain Delon , George Segal , Michèle Morgan , Maurice Ronet and Claudia Cardinale .
Hell on Frisco Bay is a 1955 American film noir crime film directed by Frank Tuttle , starring Alan Ladd , Edward G. Robinson and Joanne Dru .
Follow That Dream is a 1962 American musical film starring Elvis Presley made by Mirisch Productions .
Flying Down to Rio is a 1933 American Pre - Code RKO musical film noted for being the first screen pairing of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers , although Dolores del Río and Gene Raymond received top billing and the leading roles .
UnHung Hero ( also known as Unhung Hero ) is a 2013 documentary directed by Brian Spitz and starring Patrick Moote .
Terry Hugh , played by Brian Hall , is the sly , somewhat shifty Cockney chef at Fawlty Towers .
Uttar Dakshin ( English : North and South ) is a 1987 Hindi film produced by Ashok Khanna and Subhash Ghai and directed by Prabhat Khanna and featuring Bharathi , Madhuri Dixit , Jackie Shroff , Anupam Kher and Rajinikanth in the lead roles .
The Mad Doctor of Market Street is a 1942 American horror film produced by Universal Pictures starring Lionel Atwill .
The Air Mail is a 1925 silent film directed by Irvin Willat and starring Warner Baxter , Billie Dove , and Douglas Fairbanks , Jr ..
Vellaripravinte Changathi ( Malayalam : വെള്ളരിപ്രാവിന്റെ ചങ്ങാതി ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Akku Akbar , starring Dileep and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles .
Ninja Over the Great Wall ( Long hyo chang cheng ) , also known as Fire on the Great Wall and Shaolin Fist of Fury , is a 1987 martial arts film that is widely considered to be one of the best films starring the notorious Bruce Lee clone , Bruce Le .
Something Something 2 is a 2014 Oriya language romantic comedy film starring Anubhav Mohanty and Barsha Priyadarshini in the lead roles .
Time Between Dog and Wolf ( Hangul : 개와 늑대의 시간 ; RR : Gae - wa Neukdae - ui Sigan ) is a 2007 South Korean action - romance drama , starring Lee Joon - gi , Nam Sang - mi and Jung Kyung - ho .
Demolition High is a 1996 direct - to - video American action film starring Corey Haim , Alan Thicke , and Dick Van Patten .
Nandini Oppol is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Mohan Kupplery and produced by Joe Mon . The film stars Nedumudi Venu , Geetha , Siddique and Sunitha in lead roles .
Who Killed Who ? is a 1943 Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer animated short directed by Tex Avery .
Sallapam is a 1996 Malayalam film directed by Sundar Das and written by A. K. Lohithadas ; starring Dileep , Manoj K. Jayan , and Manju Warrier in the lead roles .
The Hatchet Man ( 1932 ) is a Pre - Code film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Edward G. Robinson .
Whosoever Shall Offend is a 1919 British silent crime film directed by Arrigo Bocchi and starring Kenelm Foss , Mary Odette and Mary Marsh Allen .
Saraband for Dead Lovers ( released in the United States . as Saraband ) is a 1948 British historical drama film directed by Basil Dearden and starring Stewart Granger and Joan Greenwood .
The Threads of Fate is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Pauline Bush , William C. Dowlan and Lon Chaney .
Unholy Partners ( 1941 ) is a black - and - white film starring Edward G. Robinson , Laraine Day , Edward Arnold , and Marsha Hunt .
Dorf Goes Auto Racing is a 1990 comedy film starring Tim Conway , Eddie Deezen and Tim Conway Jr.
O Trapalhão na Arca de Noé is a 1983 Brazilian film , directed by Del Rangel and starring Renato Aragão .
The Candy Tangerine Man is a 1975 American action - adventure blaxploitation film starring John Daniels , Eli Haines and Tom Hankason .
The Trapp Family ( German : Die Trapp - Familie ) is a 1956 West German comedy drama film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Ruth Leuwerik , Hans Holt , and Maria Holst .
Battle Beneath the Earth ( 1967 ) is a British spy film starring Kerwin Mathews .
Mary Alden as Martha Tilden ( The Earth Woman ) Priscilla Bonner as Sally Russell Simpson as Ezra Tilden Carroll Nye as Steve Tilden Joe Butterworth as Joe Tilden John Carr as Simon Johnnie Walker as John Mason ( billed as Johnny Walker ) William Scott as Mark McWade
A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night ( Persian : دختری در شب تنها به خانه می‌رود‎‎ Dokhtari dar šab tanhâ be xâne miravad ) is a 2014 Persian - language American horror film directed by Ana Lily Amirpour .
Curly Sue is a 1991 American romantic comedy - drama film and starred Jim Belushi , Kelly Lynch and Alisan Porter as the titular character .
Captain Carey , U.S.A. is a 1950 drama film starring Alan Ladd , Wanda Hendrix , and Francis Lederer .
39 East is a 1920 American silent comedy film produced by the Realart Picture Company ( headed by Paramount 's Adolph Zukor ) , and starring Constance Binney reprising her role from the Broadway play .
Dagim is a Philippine horror film directed by Joaquin Pedro Valdes , starring Marc Abaya , Martin del Rosario , Rita Iringan and Samuel Quintana .
Murder , She Wrote is an American television mystery series starring Angela Lansbury as mystery writer and amateur detective Jessica Fletcher .
The Winding Road is a 1920 British silent crime film directed by Bert Haldane and Frank Wilson and starring Cecil Humphreys , Edith Pearson and Annesley Healy .
Angels with Broken Wings ( 1941 ) is an American comedy film starring Jane Frazee and Binnie Barnes , directed by Bernard Vorhaus , and released by Republic Pictures .
Pierre Curzi - Lucien Brouillard Marie Tifo - Alice Tanguay Paul Savoie - André Morin Jean Duceppe - Prime Minister Provencher Roger Blay - Jacques Martineau
Joy of Living is a 1938 film starring Irene Dunne and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. with supporting performances from Alice Brady , Guy Kibbee , Jean Dixon , Eric Blore and Lucille Ball .
I Kissed a Vampire is a vampire rock musical web series starring Lucas Grabeel , Drew Seeley , and introducing Adrian Slade .
The Singing Gate ( German : Der singende Tor ) is a 1939 German - Italian musical film directed by Johannes Meyer and starring Beniamino Gigli , Kirsten Heiberg and Hilde Körber .
Jug Face is a 2013 American horror film written and directed by Chad Crawford Kinkle and starring Sean Bridgers , Lauren Ashley Carter , Larry Fessenden , Sean Young and Daniel Manche .
Captain Lash ( 1929 ) is a film adventure drama produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation starring Victor McLaglen and Claire Windsor .
Girl Shy is a 1924 romantic comedy silent film starring Harold Lloyd and Jobyna Ralston .
Raaj Tilak is an action period drama , featuring Raaj Kumar , Sunil Dutt , Dharmendra , Kamal Haasan , Hema Malini , Ranjeeta Kaur , Reena Roy , Yogeeta Bali , Sarika , Pran , Ranjeet , Raj Kiran and Ajit .
F / X2 ( also known as F / X2 : The Deadly Art of Illusion ) is a 1991 American action thriller film directed by Richard Franklin and starring Bryan Brown and Brian Dennehy .
A Golden Rainbow was a 1915 American silent short film directed by Tom Ricketts , and starring Perry Banks , Louise Lester , Harry von Meter , and Jack Richardson .
Mrs Caldicot 's Cabbage War is a British comedy - drama film from 2002 , directed by Ian Sharp and starring Pauline Collins , John Alderton and Peter Capaldi .
Four Eyes and Six Guns ( 1992 ) is a Western film starring Judge Reinhold , Patricia Clarkson and Fred Ward .
I 'm from Hollywood is a 1989 comedy documentary film about the adventures of late performance artist Andy Kaufman in the world of professional wrestling .
S.O.S. Noronha is a French adventure film from 1957 , directed by Georges Rouquier , written by Pierre Boileau , starring Jean Marais .
Irapada ( English : Redemption ) is a 2006 Nigerian supernatural thriller film , produced and directed by Kunle Afolayan .
Stolen Harmony ( 1935 ) is an American feature film about a saxophone - player / dancer ( George Raft ) who joins a Big Band upon his release from jail .
Ishqiya is a 2010 Indian black comedy film starring Vidya Balan , Arshad Warsi , Naseeruddin Shah , and Salman Shahid in the lead roles .
Radio Pirates , also known as Big Ben Calling , is a 1935 British musical film directed by Ivar Campbell and starring Leslie French , Mary Lawson and Enid Stamp - Taylor .
The Day of the Dolphin is a 1973 American science - fiction thriller film directed by Mike Nichols and starring George C. Scott .
Count the Hours is a 1953 crime drama directed by Don Siegel , featuring Macdonald Carey , Teresa Wright , John Craven and Jack Elam .
First Offenders is a 1939 film starring Walter Abel , Beverly Roberts and Iris Meredith .
Don Camillo 's Last Round is a 1955 French - Italian comedy film directed by Carmine Gallone , starring Fernandel and Gino Cervi .
Omar Sharif - Goha ( as Omar Chérif ) Zohra Faiza - Farrideh ( as Zohra Faïza ) Lauro Gazzolo - Tal'el Ouloum Gabriel Jabbour - Sayed Khamis Daniel Emilfork - Ibrahim Zina Bouzaiade - Fulia Claudia Cardinale - Taj'el Ouloum 's maid Fatma - Anisseh Ito Ben Lahsen - Chams Jean Laugier - L'écrivain public Annie Legrand - Loulou
Thayige Thakka Maga ( Kannada : ತಾಯಿಗೆ ತಕ್ಕ ಮಗ ) is a 1978 Kannada action drama film directed by V. Somashekhar and produced by Parvathamma Rajkumar .
Arul ( English : Grace ) is a 2004 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Hari starring Vikram , Jyothika , Pasupathy , Vadivelu , Sarath Babu , Vinu Chakravarthy and Vaiyapuri .
Pain & Gain is a 2013 American comedy crime film directed by Michael Bay and starring Mark Wahlberg , Dwayne Johnson , and Anthony Mackie .
Nick & Norah 's Infinite Playlist is a 2008 romantic comedy - drama film directed by Peter Sollett and starring Michael Cera and Kat Dennings .
Dangerous Nan McGrew is a 1930 Pre - Code American comedy starring Helen Kane , Victor Moore and James Hall .
The Phantom Riders is a 1918 silent American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey .
La odalisca No . 13 ( `` Odalisque Number 13 '' ) is a 1958 Mexican comedy film starring Germán Valdés , María Antonieta Pons , and Viruta and Capulina ( Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine ) .
Lionel Barrymore - Boomerang Bill Marguerite Marsh - Annie Margaret Seddon - Annie 's Mother Frank Shannon - Terrence O'Malley Matthew Betz - Tony the Wop Charles Fang - Chinaman Harry Lee - Chinaman Miriam Battista - Chinese Girl Helen Kim - Chinese Girl
Sailor 's Luck is a 1933 Pre - Code comedy film , starring James Dunn , Sally Eilers , and Victor Jory , which openly depicted homosexuality .
The Seven Little Foys is a Technicolor in VistaVision 1955 film starring Bob Hope as Eddie Foy . One highlight of the film is an energetic tabletop dance showdown sequence with Bob Hope as Eddie Foy and James Cagney , who reprises his role as George M. Cohan .
The Comedy of Terrors ( 1963 ) is an American International Pictures comedy horror film directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Vincent Price , Peter Lorre , Basil Rathbone , Boris Karloff , and ( in a cameo ) Joe E. Brown in his final film appearance .
The Legend of Frenchie King ( French : Les Pétroleuses ) is a 1971 French western comedy film directed by Christian - Jaque and starring Claudia Cardinale and Brigitte Bardot .
Ganja & Hess is a 1973 experimental horror film written and directed by Bill Gunn and starring Marlene Clark and Duane Jones .
Wings of Danger , released in the United States as Dead on Course , is a 1952 British crime film directed by Terence Fisher and starring Zachary Scott , Robert Beatty and Kay Kendall .
Father Voss ( German : Vater Voss ) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Max Mack and starring Stewart Rome , Mary Odette and Lotte Stein .
My Friend Irma Goes West is a 1950 film based on the radio show My Friend Irma and featuring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis ( Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis ) .
Paradise Canyon is a 1935 Western film starring John Wayne , directed by Carl L. Pierson .
The Honorable Mr. Buggs is a 1927 American silent comedy film featuring Anna May Wong and Oliver Hardy .
Don 's Plum is a 2001 low - budget black and white indie film drama directed by R. D. Robb , starring Leonardo Di Caprio , Tobey Maguire and Kevin Connolly .
Stepmonster is a 1993 direct - to - video film starring Alan Thicke , Robin Riker , George Gaynes , Ami Dolenz , Corey Feldman , Edie McClurg , John Astin , and Billy Corben .
Baby Huey 's Great Easter Adventure is a 1998 live - action direct - to - video film directed by Stephen Furst based on the Harvey Entertainment Company animated character , Baby Huey .
Phffft is a 1954 black - and - white romantic comedy film starring Judy Holliday , Jack Lemmon , and Jack Carson , and features Kim Novak in a small but notable role .
Rock Prophecies is a 2009 documentary film concerning rock photographer Robert M. Knight .
Destination Gobi is a 1953 Technicolor war film in which Sam McHale ( Richard Widmark ) heads a group of US Navy men , sent to Mongolia for weather observation .
Written and directed by acclaimed Tony Ayres of Walking on Water ( 2002 ) , The Home Song Stories stars Joan Chen , Joel Lok , Qi Yu Wu , Irene Chen , Steven Vidler and Kerry Walker .
No Skin Off My Ass is a 1993 comedy - drama film by Bruce LaBruce .
' Sandarbham ' ( Malayalam : സന്ദര്‍ഭം ) is a 1984 Malayalam film directed by Joshy , written by Cochin Haneefa , screenplay by Kaloor Dennis , and starring Mammootty , Sukumaran , Saritha , Seema , P. K. Abraham , K. P. A. C. Sunny and Unni Mary .
The Search for the Next Elvira is a reality television series created by Eric Gardner and Cassandra Peterson for the Fox Reality channel .
Sahadevan Mahadevan is a Tamil film starring Mohan and S. V. Shekhar are lead title role .
The Roundabouts of Handsome Karl ( German : Die Umwege des schönen Karl ) is a 1938 German comedy film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Heinz Rühmann , Karin Hardt and Sybille Schmitz .
My Daughter , My Angel ( French : Ma fille mon ange ) is a 2007 Canadian French language thriller film starring Michel Côté and Karine Vanasse .
How to Murder Your Wife is a 1965 American comedy film starring Jack Lemmon and Virna Lisi .
Bella Mafia is a 1997 American television film starring Vanessa Redgrave and Dennis Farina .
A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon , also known as Are n't You Even Gon na Kiss Me Goodbye ? , is a 1988 American coming of age drama film written and directed by William Richert and starring River Phoenix , Ann Magnuson , Meredith Salenger , Matthew Perry , Ione Skye , and Louanne .
Aardram is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Suresh Unnithan , starring Murali , Sunitha and Urvashi in the lead roles .
En Annan ( English : My Elder Brother ) , is a 1970 Indian Tamil thriller film directed by Pa . Neelakandhan , starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and J. Jayalalitha , M. N. Nambiar , S. A. Ashokan , Cho Ramaswamy among others .
Two Gals and a Guy ( 1951 ) , also known as Baby and Me , is a comedy film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Janis Paige , Robert Alda , James Gleason , Lionel Stander , Arnold Stang , The Three Suns , and Patty McCormack , in her film debut .
Leave ' Em Laughing is a 1928 two - reel silent film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy .
Calamity Anne 's Love Affair is a 1914 American silent short Western directed by Tom Ricketts starring Charlotte Burton and Louise Lester as Calamity Anne .
The Last of His Tribe is a 1992 film starring Jon Voight as the anthropologist Alfred L. Kroeber who befriended Ishi , played by Graham Greene .
Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya ( Urdu : جو ڈر گیا وہ مر گیا ) is a Pakistani Urdu film starring Neeli , Javed Sheikh , Atiqa Odho , Reema Khan and Nadeem .
The Panic in Needle Park is a 1971 American film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Al Pacino in his second film appearance .
A Broadway Scandal is a 1918 American silent comedy film directed by Joe De Grasse that features Lon Chaney and Carmel Myers .
Moonlight in Havana is a 1942 American film romantic comedy directed by Anthony Mann and featuring Allan Jones , Jane Frazee and Marjorie Lord .
Thithikudhe is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2003 starring Jiiva and Sridevi Vijayakumar in lead roles .
Charithram ( translation : History ) is a 1989 Malayalam thriller film starring Mammootty and Rahman in the lead roles along with Shobana , Lizy , Jagathy Sreekumar , Janardhanan , Murali , and Pappu in other pivotal roles .
Malibu 's Most Wanted is a 2003 comedy film written by and starring Jamie Kennedy and co - starring Taye Diggs , Anthony Anderson , Blair Underwood , Regina Hall , Damien Dante Wayans , Ryan O'Neal , and Snoop Dogg .
Our Miss Fred is a 1972 British comedy film starring Danny La Rue and set during World War II . The film was also known by its video release titles `` Beyond the Call of Duty '' ( Canada ) and `` Operation :
The Linda McCartney Story is a 2000 American drama television film directed by Armand Mastroianni , starring Elizabeth Mitchell and Gary Bakewell .
My Dear Rosy is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film , directed by PK Krishnan , starring Captain Raju and Asha in the lead roles .
The Lottery Bride is a 1930 American Pre - Code movie musical starring Jeanette MacDonald , John Garrick , ZaSu Pitts , and Joe E. Brown .
Global Metal is a 2007 documentary film directed by Scot McFadyen and Canadian anthropologist Sam Dunn .
Blades of Glory is a 2007 American Sports comedy film directed by Will Speck and Josh Gordon , and starring Will Ferrell and Jon Heder .
Karl & Co is a Norwegian situation comedy created by Tore Ryen , starring Nils Vogt reprising his role as Karl Reverud from the popular sitcom Mot i brøstet .
The Taking of Pelham One Two Three ( aka The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 ) is a 1974 American thriller film directed by Joseph Sargent , produced by Edgar J. Scherick , and starring Walter Matthau , Robert Shaw , Martin Balsam and Héctor Elizondo .
Morgan M. Morgansen 's Date with Destiny is a short romantic silent film directed , edited by and starring Joseph Gordon - Levitt .
A Dog in a Drawer ( Bulgarian : Куче в чекмедже / Kuche v chekmedzhe ) is a Bulgarian comedy - drama film released in 1982 , directed by Dimitar Petrov , starring Veselin Prahov , Martin Stoyanov and Ruzha Delcheva .
Reform School Girl is a 1957 film starring Gloria Castillo as a teenage girl who is sent to a reformatory .
Churchill 's Leopards ( Italian : I leopardi di Churchill , Spanish : Los Leopardos de Churchill ) is a 1970 Italian - Spanish `` macaroni combat '' war film directed by Maurizio Pradeaux and starring Richard Harrison and Klaus Kinski .
The Lady 's from Kentucky is a 1939 film starring George Raft and Ellen Drew .
Charlie Chan 's Murder Cruise is a 1940 murder mystery film starring Sidney Toler in his fifth of many performances as Charlie Chan .
Beautiful But Broke ( 1944 ) is an American musical comedy film starring Joan Davis and Jane Frazee .
Khauff is a 2000 film directed by Sanjay Gupta and starring Sanjay Dutt and Manisha Koirala .
The Amazing Transparent Man is a 1960 science fiction film starring Marguerite Chapman .
Man with a Camera is an American 1950s television crime drama starring Charles Bronson .
Thalsamayam Oru Penkutty ( Malayalam : തല്‍സമയം ഒരു പെണ്‍കുട്ടി ) is a 2012 Malayalam satirical comedy - drama film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar , starring Nithya Menon , Shweta Menon , and Unni Mukundan in the lead roles .
Laali ( Kannada : ಲಾಲಿ ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada drama film directed , written and scripted by Dinesh Babu starring Vishnuvardhan , Mohini and Shanthi Krishna in the lead roles .
Amanda and the Alien ( or Alien Love in the UK ) is a 1995 made - for - cable science - fiction comedy movie directed by Jon Kroll and starring Nicole Eggert as Amanda Patterson .
The Toast of New York is a 1937 American biopic starring Edward Arnold , Cary Grant , Frances Farmer , and Jack Oakie .
Na Ghar Ke Na Ghaat Ke is a 2010 Hindi comedy film directed by and starring Rahul Aggarwal as a Uttar Pradesh migrant to Mumbai .
Big Love stars Bill Paxton , Jeanne Tripplehorn , Chloë Sevigny and Ginnifer Goodwin , as well as a large supporting cast .
Sssshhh ... is a 2003 Bollywood horror - thriller film starring Dino Morea , Tanisha and Karan Nath in the lead roles .
China 's Little Devils is a 1945 war film starring Harry Carey , Paul Kelly and `` Ducky '' Louie .
Jewel Robbery is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy - mystery film , directed by William Dieterle and starring William Powell and Kay Francis .
The Last Horse Carriage in Berlin ( German : Die letzte Droschke von Berlin ) is a 1926 German silent comedy drama film directed by Carl Boese and starring Lupu Pick , Hedwig Wangel and Maly Delschaft .
The show followed a mild - mannered IRS agent , Jim Prufrock ( Derek Cecil ) , as he travelled to the mysterious desert town of Push , Nevada .
Kristine Kochanski ( originally portrayed by Clare Grogan before Chloë Annett took on the role from series VII ) was initially a Red Dwarf navigation officer whom Lister had a crush on ( later retroactively altered to be his ex - girlfriend ) and whose memory he had cherished ever since .
Trimmed is a 1922 American Western film directed by Harry A. Pollard and featuring Hoot Gibson .
Roger Ebert of The Chicago Sun - Times gave the film 3 out of 4 stars : `` Going All the Way is a deeper , cleverer film than it first seems . Much of its strength depends on the imploding performance of Jeremy Davies . ''
The Sorcerer and the White Snake , previously known as , It 's Love and Madame White Snake is a 2011 action fantasy film directed by Ching Siu - tung and starring Jet Li .
Rick 's Redemption is a 1913 American silent short film starring William Garwood and Muriel Ostriche .
Ships with Wings is a 1941 British war film directed by Sergei Nolbandov and starring John Clements , Leslie Banks and Jane Baxter .
Chisum is alerted by McSween 's wife ( Lynda Day George ) and rides into town .
The Shopping Bag Lady is a 1975 American short film directed by Bert Salzman , starring Mildred Dunnock .
Moz & Cat is a 2009 Malayalam psychological comedy drama film written and directed by Fazil starring Dileep and Rahman in lead roles .
High , Wide , and Handsome is a 1937 American musical film starring Irene Dunne , Randolph Scott , Alan Hale , Sr . , Charles Bickford , and Dorothy Lamour .
Jungle Goddess is a 1948 American action / adventure crime film starring George Reeves , Ralph Byrd , and Wanda McKay .
Mugamoodi ( English : The Mask ) is a 2012 Indian Tamil superhero film , written and directed by Mysskin that features Jiiva , Pooja Hegde and Narain in lead roles .
Thozhilali ( Tamil : தொழிலாளி English : Worker ) is a Tamil - language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and K. R. Vijaya , M. N. Nambiar , and Nagesh .
New Waterford Girl stars Liane Balaban as Agnes - Marie `` Moonie '' Pottie , a teenager in New Waterford , Nova Scotia who dreams of life beyond her small - town home .
Dream of Love was a 1928 American silent biographical drama film directed by Fred Niblo , and starring Joan Crawford and Nils Asther .
Leonora Fani as Nenè Sven Valsecchi as Ju Tino Schirinzi as Father of Ju and Pa Paola Senatore as Mother of Ju and Pa Rita Savagnone as Teacher of Ju Vittoria Valsecchi as Pa Alberto Cancemi as Rodi Ugo Tognazzi as `` Baffo '' , the barber
The Iron Ladies of Liberia ( 2007 ) is an independently produced documentary film that gives behind - the - scenes access to President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf 's first year in government .
Ravenous is a 1999 Czech - American black comedy horror - suspense film directed by Antonia Bird and starring Guy Pearce , Robert Carlyle , Jeffrey Jones and David Arquette .
Bride by Mistake ( 1944 ) is an American romantic comedy film directed by Richard Wallace , and starring Alan Marshal and Laraine Day .
The Siren of Seville is a 1924 silent film adventure directed by Jerome Storm , produced by Hunt Stromberg and starring Priscilla Dean .
Now You See Him , Now You Do n't is a 1972 Walt Disney Productions film starring Kurt Russell as a chemistry student who accidentally discovers the secret to invisibility .
Jake and the Fatman is a television crime drama starring William Conrad as prosecutor J. L. ( Jason Lochinvar ) `` Fatman '' McCabe and Joe Penny as investigator Jake Styles .
Prabhu Deva as Alaudin Ashima Bhalla Raghuvaran
Tommy the Toreador is a 1959 British musical comedy film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Tommy Steele , Janet Munro , Sid James , Bernard Cribbins , Noell Purcell and Kenneth Williams .
It stars Ashokan , Idavela Babu and Nalini in lead roles .
This Man 's Navy ( 1945 ) is a World War II film about U.S. Navy airships starring Wallace Beery , Tom Drake , and James Gleason , and directed by William A. Wellman .
Miami Rhapsody is a 1995 American romantic comedy film starring Sarah Jessica Parker , Gil Bellows , Antonio Banderas , Mia Farrow , Paul Mazursky , Kevin Pollak , Barbara Garrick , and Carla Gugino .
Captain Bay - Bay ( German : Käpt'n Bay - Bay ) is a 1953 West German musical comedy film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Hans Albers , Bum Krüger and Lotte Koch .
How Do I Marry the Boss ? ( German : Wie heirate ich meinen Chef ? ) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Henri De Vries , Robert Garrison and Dina Gralla .
Rhythm on the River is a 1940 musical comedy film starring Bing Crosby and Mary Martin as ghostwriters whose songs are credited to a composer played by Basil Rathbone .
Vilkkanundu Swapnangal ( Malayalam : വില്‍ക്കാനുണ്ട് സ്വപ്നങ്ങള്‍ ) is a 1980 Malayalam dramatic film directed by Azad , written by M.T. Vasudevan Nair and starring Sukumaran .
A Few Drinks ( Spanish : Cuatro copas ) is a 1958 Mexican musical film directed by Tulio Demicheli and starring Libertad Lamarque , Miguel Aceves Mejia and Raúl Ramírez .
30 Days in Atlanta is a 2014 Nigerian romantic comedy film produced by Ayo Makun and directed by Robert Peters .
The Girl in Possession is a 1934 British comedy film starring Laura La Plante and Henry Kendall and directed by Monty Banks , who also wrote the screenplay and featured in the film himself .
Ride , Tenderfoot , Ride is a 1940 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Gene Autry , Smiley Burnette , and June Storey .
Vishwatma is the story of a man named Prabhat Singh ( Sunny Deol ) who is an honest and dedicated police officer .
Originally the 1989 short Coffee and Cigarettes , Memphis Version -- aka Coffee and Cigarettes II -- this segment features Joie Lee and Cinqué Lee as the titular twins and Steve Buscemi as the waiter who expounds on his theory on Elvis Presley 's evil twin .
Garringo Peter Lee Lawrence :
Kung Fu Jungle , also known as Kung Fu Killer and Last of the Best , is a 2014 Hong Kong - Chinese action thriller film directed by Teddy Chan and starring Donnie Yen , Wang Baoqiang , Charlie Yeung and Michelle Bai .
The Flirt and the Bandit is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston starring R.D. Armstrong , Charlotte Burton , Ed Coxen , George Field , James Harrison and Chester Withey .
The Sickhouse is a 2008 horror film , directed by Curtis Radclyffe , produced by Charlotte Wontner and starring Gina Philips , Kellie Shirley and Alex Hassell .
Kasam Paida Karne Wale Ki is a 1984 Indian Hindi feature film produced & directed by Babbar Subhash , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Smita Patil , Salma Agha , Karan Razdan , Geeta Siddharth and Amrish Puri .
I Prefer the Sound of the Sea ( Italian : Preferisco il rumore del mare , French : Je préfère le bruit de la mer ) is a 2000 Italian - French drama film directed by Mimmo Calopresti .
Fear of a Brown Planet Returns is a 2011 Australian concert film directed by Danielle Karalus featuring Australian comedy duo Fear of a Brown Planet ( Aamer Rahman and Nazeem Hussain ) .
The Switch Tower is a 1913 American drama film featuring Lionel Barrymore and Harry Carey .
Fuzzbucket is a 1986 television film written and directed by Mick Garris starring Chris Hebert as a young Michael Gerber and Phil Fondacaro as his invisible friend , Fuzzbucket .
Adhey Kangal ( English : Same Eyes ) is a 1967 Tamil suspense thriller written and directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar , starring Ravichandran and Kanchana in the lead roles .
The Ode is a 2008 film directed by Nilanjan Neil Lahiri and starring Sachin Bhatt , Wilson Cruz and Sakina Jaffrey .
Youvanam Daaham is a 1980 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Crossbelt Mani , starring Jose , Shubha in lead roles .
Dead & Breakfast is a 2004 musical horror / comedy film directed by Matthew Leutwyler starring Ever Carradine , Gina Philips , Erik Palladino , Bianca Lawson , Jeremy Sisto and Oz Perkins .
La madrecita ( English : The Little Mother ) is a 1974 Mexican film directed by Fernándo Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco as La India María , with Pancho Córdova and Óscar Ortiz de Pinedo .
Alien Opponent is a 2010 American science fiction film written and directed by Colin Theys and starring Roddy Piper .
Madame Irma is a 2006 comedy French film directed by Didier Bourdon and Yves Fajnberge and starring Didier Bourdon and Pascal Légitimus .
A Soul at Stake is a 1916 American silent short drama directed by and starring William Garwood , Andrew Arbuckle and Lois Wilson .
Max Dugan Returns is a 1983 American comedy - drama film starring Jason Robards as the titular Max Dugan , Marsha Mason as his daughter Nora , Donald Sutherland , Kiefer Sutherland , and Matthew Broderick , the latter two actors each in their first film appearances .
Smugglers ' Songs ( French : Les Chants de Mandrin ) is a 2011 French adventure film written and directed by Rabah Ameur - Zaïmeche .
Soldiers of Freedom ( Russian : Солдаты свободы ) is a four - part 1977 film epic directed by Yuri Ozerov and starring Mikhail Ulyanov , Yevgeny Matveyev , Vasily Lanovoy .
Calling Paul Temple is a 1948 British crime film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring John Bentley , Dinah Sheridan and Margaretta Scott .
Toto and Marcellino ( Italian : Totò e Marcellino , French : Mon gosse ) is a 1958 Italian - French comedy film directed by Antonio Musu .
Under the Lantern ( German : Unter der Laterne ) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Lissy Arna , Gerhard Dammann and Mathias Wieman .
Do n't Tell Her It 's Me ( also known as The Boyfriend School ) is a 1990 comedy film starring Shelley Long , Steve Guttenberg , and Jami Gertz .
The Secret Six is a fast - paced 1931 American Pre - Code crime film starring Wallace Beery as `` Slaughterhouse Scorpio '' , a character very loosely based on Al Capone , and featuring Lewis Stone , John Mack Brown , Jean Harlow , Clark Gable , Marjorie Rambeau and Ralph Bellamy .
Pageant Place is an American reality show that follows Miss Universe Organization pageant winners Miss Universe Riyo Mori , Miss USA Rachel Smith and Miss Teen USA 2006 Katie Blair , ( who was later replaced by her successor Miss Teen USA 2007 Hilary Cruz ) as they live together in an apartment in New York .
Get Christie Love ! is a 1974 made - for - television film starring Teresa Graves as an undercover female police detective who is determined to overthrow a drug ring .
So You Wo n't Squawk ! is the eight short subject starring American comedian Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures .
Chaithanyam is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jayan Adiyattu , starring Murali and Madhavi in the lead roles .
Phas Gaye Re Obama ( Hindi : फंस गए रे ओबामा ) is a 2010 Bollywood satire film directed by Subhash Kapoor and starring Rajat Kapoor , Neha Dhupia , Sanjay Mishra , Manu Rishi and Amole Gupte in the lead roles .
Toto vs. the Black Pirate ( Italian : Totò contro il pirata nero ) is a 1964 Italian adventure - comedy film written and directed by Fernando Cerchio .
Corin Nemec as Lt . Thomas Randall Musetta Vander as Dr. Jennifer Allen Matt Jordan as Ray Erikson / Mansquito Patrick Dreikauss as Detective Charlie Morrison Jay Benedict as Dr. Aaron Michaels Christa Campbell as Liz
Captain Janeway ( Kate Mulgrew ) accepts Tuvix in his role as an excellent chief tactical officer and `` an able advisor , who skillfully uses humor to make his points '' .
Lady in Cement is a 1968 Neo Noir detective film , directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Frank Sinatra , Raquel Welch , Dan Blocker , Martin Gabel and Richard Conte .
Picture Mommy Dead is a 1966 American horror film directed by Bert I. Gordon and starring Don Ameche and Martha Hyer .
Saving Mr. Wu , ( Chinese : 解救吾先生 ) , previously known as The Strongest Competitor ( Chinese : 最強對手 ) , is a 2015 Chinese action crime thriller film directed by Ding Sheng and starring Andy Lau , Liu Ye , Wu Ruofu and Wang Qianyuan .
Harry Houdini - Howard Hillary / The Man from Beyond Arthur Maude - Dr. Gilbert Trent Albert Tavernier - Dr. Crawford Strange Erwin Connelly - Dr. Gregory Sinclair Frank Montgomery - Francois Duval Luis Alberni - Captain of the Barkentine Yale Benner - Milt Norcross Jane Connelly - Felice Strange/ Felice Norcross Nita Naldi - Marie Le Grande
Just Follow Law ( Chinese : 我在政府部门的日子 ) is a 2007 Singaporean comedy film directed by Jack Neo , and starring Gurmit Singh of Phua Chu Kang fame , Fann Wong , Moses Lim , Samuel Chong , Lina Ng , David Bala and Steven Woon .
The Bear and the Doll ( original title : L'Ours et la Poupée ) is a 1970 French film directed by Michel Deville and starring Brigitte Bardot .
Murder in My Mind is a 1997 science fiction crime drama film starring Nicollette Sheridan , Stacy Keach , Peter Outerbridge , Peter Coyote , Ian Tracey and Peter Flemming .
Go Lala Go 2 ( Chinese : 杜拉拉追婚记 ) is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy - drama film directed by Andrew Chien and starring Ariel Lin , Vic Zhou and Chen Bolin .
Out for Justice is a 1991 American crime thriller film directed by John Flynn , and produced by and starring Steven Seagal .
The Guns of Fort Petticoat is a 1957 Technicolor Western produced by Harry Joe Brown and Audie Murphy for Columbia Pictures .
Chinnodu ( Telugu : చిన్నోడు ) is a 2006 Tollywood film that stars Sumanth , Charmme , and Rahul .
The show was largely a reworking of Happy Ever After , and starred Terry Scott and June Whitfield as a middle - aged , middle - class suburban couple , Terry and June Medford , who live in Purley .
Virgins of the Seven Seas features a great amount of gratuitous nudity and its title cast is composed of sexploitation film actresses of the period , two of them , Sonja Jeannine and Deborah Ralls , from sex report films of Hofbauer .
Man 's Favorite Sport ? is a 1964 comedy film starring Rock Hudson and Paula Prentiss .
Daadagiri is a 1997 Bollywood film directed by Arshad Khan starring Mithun Chakraborty , Ayub Khan , Simran , Rituparna Sengupta in lead roles and Puneet Issar , Nishigandha Wad , Shakti Kapoor and Kader Khan .
At War with the Army is a 1950 musical comedy film directed by Hal Walker and starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis and introducing Polly Bergen .
The Bill Dana Show is a United States comedy series starring Bill Dana and Jonathan Harris .
The Monster of Piedras Blancas is a 1959 science fiction / horror film written and directed by Irvin Berwick and starring Jeanne Carmen , Les Tremayne , John Harmon , Don Sullivan , Forrest Lewis and Pete Dunn .
Story of a Bad Woman ( Spanish : Historia de una mala mujer ) is a 1948 Argentine drama film directed by Luis Saslavsky and starring the Mexican and Hollywood superstar Dolores del Río , María Duval , Alberto Closas .
Puthiya Thiruppangal ( English : New turns ) is a 2016 Indian Tamil thriller film directed by Sringaram fame Sharada Ramanathan , starring Nandha and Andrea Jeremiah .
New Town Killers is a British drama film written and directed by Richard Jobson , starring James Anthony Pearson and Dougray Scott .
Mio in the Land of Faraway ( Swedish : Mio min Mio ; Russian : Мио , мой Мио - Mio , moy Mio ) is a 1987 fantasy film directed by Vladimir Grammatikov and starring Christopher Lee , Christian Bale , Nicholas Pickard , Timothy Bottoms and Susannah York .
Puriyadha Anandam Puthithaga Arambam is a 2015 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by Syed Ibrahim , which stars Krish and Srushti Dange .
The Count of Cagliostro ( German : Der Graf von Cagliostro ) is a 1920 Austrian silent horror film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Schünzel , Anita Berber and Conrad Veidt .
That 's the Woman I Want ( Spanish : Yo quiero una mujer así ) is a 1951 Venezuelan comedy film directed by Juan Carlos Thorry and starring Olga Zubarry , Francisco Álvarez and Héctor Monteverde .
Forget Us Not is a 2013 feature - length documentary film by Heather Connell , which follows the stories of some of the 5 million non - Jewish Holocaust survivors including artist Ceija Stojka and is narrated by actor Ron Perlman .
Love and a Bullet is a 2002 action film starring American rapper Treach .
The Human Contract is a 2008 drama film written and directed by Jada Pinkett Smith and starring Jason Clarke and Paz Vega .
Aag Ka Dariya ( English : River of Fire ) is 1953 Hindi language black - and - white film directed by Roop K. Shorey and starring Karan Dewan , Prithviraj Kapoor , Meena Shorey , Shammi , Uma Dutt , Johnny Walker , Manju , Cecil .
Needhikku Thalaivanangu ( Tamil : நீதிக்கு தலைவணங்கு English : Bow Head Before Law ) , is a 1976 Indian Tamil film directed by Pa . Neelakandhan , starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Latha , S. Varalakshmi and M. N. Nambiar .
Yes , Giorgio is a 1982 musical / comedy film starring Luciano Pavarotti , his only venture into film acting .
Gambling Ship is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film starring Cary Grant and Benita Hume , and directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Max Marcin .
Avale Nanna Hendthi ( Kannada : ಅವಳೆ ನನ್ನ ಹೆಂಡ್ತಿ ) is a 1988 Kannada hit movie starring Kashinath , Bhavya and Taara .
Secret of the Sphinx ( Italian : La sfinge sorride prima di morire - Stop Londra ) is a 1964 film , directed by Duccio Tessari , which stars Tony Russel , Maria Perschy , Ivan Desny , and Manuela Kent .
Sadhu Babar Lathi ( Bengali : সাধু বাবার লাঠি `` '' ) is a Bengali drama film based on Sirshendu Mukherjee novel was released in 2008,directed by Sanghita Banerjee , the movie featured Ramaprasad Banik .
The Missouri Traveler is a 1958 American coming - of - age period piece comedy - drama film directed by Jerry Hopper starring Brandon deWilde and Lee Marvin .
Disputed Passage is a 1939 American film starring John Howard , Dorothy Lamour , Akim Tamiroff and Judith Barrett .
Kings Go Forth is a 1958 black - and - white World War II film starring Frank Sinatra , Tony Curtis , and Natalie Wood .
The Galley Slave was a 1915 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara .
A Reflection of Fear is a 1972 thriller film directed by William A. Fraker with a screenplay by Edward Hume and Lewis John Carlino and starring Sondra Locke , Robert Shaw , Mary Ure , Signe Hasso , Gordon Devol and Sally Kellerman .
Blue Valley Songbird is a 1999 made - for - television movie starring Dolly Parton .
Twins Mission ( traditional Chinese : 雙子神偸 ; simplified Chinese : 双子神偷 ) is a 2007 Hong Kong martial arts - action - comedy film directed by action choreographer Kong Tao - Hoi and starring Sammo Hung , Gillian Chung , Charlene Choi and Wu Jing among others .
Starring Go Soo , Lee Da - hae , Lee Jong - hyuk and Kim Seo - hyung , Green Rose interweaves romance into a story of revenge to offer a fascinating drama .
My Dear Miss Aldrich is a 1937 low - budget comedy film starring Maureen O'Sullivan , Walter Pidgeon , and Edna May Oliver about a young woman who inherits a New York City newspaper and decides to become a reporter rather than a publisher .
Turbo - Charged Prelude is a 2003 short film , directed by Philip Atwell , featuring Paul Walker reprising his role as Brian O'Conner , in a short series of sequences which bridge The Fast and the Furious with its first sequel , 2 Fast 2 Furious .
Dr. John Wedgwood ( 1919 - -2007 ) , CBE , MD , FRCP Josiah Wedgwood VI , aka Ralph J.P. Wedgwood , MD ( born 1924 ) Jennifer Wedgwood ( 1927 - -1992 ) He succeeded his uncle Francis Hamilton Wedgwood as managing director on his uncle 's death in 1930 .
Upon his death in 1653 , Erdeni Batur was succeeded by his third son , Sengge .
In Norse mythology Mundilfari or Mundilfäri ( Old Norse , possibly `` the one moving according to particular times '' ) is the father of Sól , goddess associated with the Sun , and Máni , associated with the Moon .
Miltiades ( /mɪlˈtaɪəˌdiːz/ ; Greek : Μιλτιάδης ; c. 550 -- 489 BC ) , also known as Miltiades the Younger , was the son of Cimon Coalemos , a renowned Olympic chariot - racer .
Aurangzeb 's rebellious son , Sultan Muhammad Akbar , sought refuge with Suleiman I of Persia , who had rescued him from the Imam of Musqat and later refused to assist him in any military adventures against Aurangzeb .
Kęstutis and Vytautas continued to recognize Jogaila 's authority even when his right of inheritance was challenged by Andrei of Polotsk , Algirdas ' eldest son from the first marriage with Maria of Vitebsk .
Malaysia Vasudevan has three children Yugendran , Prashanthini and Pavithra .
Julia Soaemias Bassiana ( 180 -- March 11 , 222 ) was a Syrian noblewoman and the mother of Roman emperor Elagabalus who ruled over the Roman Empire during her son 's reign .
Gerald Rudolff Ford ( December 9 , 1890 -- January 26 , 1962 ) was a Grand Rapids businessman and Republican politician who was the stepfather of U.S. President Gerald Ford and for whom Ford legally changed his name .
She also bore three daughters Constantina , Helena and Fausta .
Owain was married twice , first to Gwladus ferch Llywarch ap Trahaearn , by whom he had two sons , Maelgwn ab Owain Gwynedd and Iorwerth Drwyndwn , the father of Llywelyn the Great , then to Cristin , by whom he had three sons including Dafydd ab Owain Gwynedd and Rhodri ab Owain Gwynedd .
In Greek mythology , Eurydice ( Greek : Εὐρυδίκη ) was wife to Acrisius , king of Argos , mother of Danaë and therefore maternal grandmother to Perseus .
He was the father of Chris Coleman , the current mayor of St. Paul , of Minnesota journalist Nick Coleman , and of the Acquisitions Librarian at the Minnesota Historical Society Library , Patrick K. Coleman .
Jean Marot ( 1463 -- c. 1526 ) was a French poet and the father of French Renaissance poet Clément Marot .
Edmund Tudor , 1st Earl of Richmond ( 11 June 1431 -- 3 November 1456 ) , also known as Edmund of Hadham ( Welsh : Edmwnd Tudur ) , was the father of King Henry VII of England and a member of the Tudor family of Penmynydd , North Wales .
Both Queen Hetepheres II and Pharaoh Khafra have been suggested as children of Meretites I and Khufu as well , and it is possible that Meritites II was a daughter of Meritites I as well .
The younger son of Kaj Chydenius , Jussi Chydenius is a member of the vocal ensemble Rajaton .
Jonathan Tyers was born on 10 April 1702 , probably in Bermondsey , Surrey , and was the son of Thomas Tyers , a wool - stapler , and his wife , Ann . Jonathan married Elizabeth Fermor ( 1700 - -1771 ) some time in the early 1720s , and together they had four children :
Anton Philips brought his son Frits Philips and grandson Frans Otten into the company in their times .
Shams Pahlavi , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , the last Shah of Iran , and his twin sister Ashraf , and Ali Reza Pahlavi I. Before the 1979 revolution , Tadj ol - Molouk was sent by Mohammad Reza Pahlavi to the house of Shams Pahlavi in Beverly Hills .
By the Oceanid Perse , Helios became the father of Aeëtes , Circe and Pasiphaë .
Aregund , Aregunda , Arnegund , Aregonda , or Arnegonda ( c. 515/520 - 580 ) was a Frankish queen , the wife of Clotaire I , king of the Franks , and the mother of Chilperic I of Neustria .
She was the mother of Khafra 's sons Nebemakhet , Duaenre , Niuserre and Khentetka , and a daughter named Shepsetkau .
Péter Bozsik ( born 30 October 1961 ) is a football manager and son of the famous player József Bozsik , who was part of the Golden Team of the 1950s and managed the Hungarian team in 1974 .
The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen relates that Aragorn and Arwen had a son , Eldarion , and at least two unnamed daughters .
OGLE-2005-BLG-169Lb is an extrasolar planet located approximately 2700 parsecs away in the constellation of Sagittarius , orbiting the star OGLE-2005-BLG-169L.
OGLE - TR-56b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 1500 parsecs away in the constellation of Sagittarius , orbiting the star OGLE - TR-56 .
HD 223311 is a suspected variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
HD 3 is a triple star located 139 parsecs ( 450 ly ) away in the constellation Andromeda .
Rho Ursae Majoris ( Rho UMa , ρ Ursae Majoris , ρ UMa ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major .
HD 197027 ( HIP 102152 ) is a star in the constellation Capricornus that is located about 250 light years from the Sun . The measured properties of this star are very similar to those of the Sun , making it a candidate solar twin .
HD 90264 ( L Car ) is a star in the constellation Carina .
50 Aquarii ( abbreviated 50 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
HD 74156 is a yellow dwarf star ( spectral type G0V ) in the constellation of Hydra , 210 light years from the Solar System .
Delta Cancri ( δ Cnc , δ Cancri ) is an orange giant star approximately 180 light - years away in the constellation Cancer .
HD 156846 is a G - type main sequence star of magnitude 6.5 , located approximately 160 light - years away in the Ophiuchus constellation .
30 Persei ( 30 Per ) is a star in the constellation Perseus .
There are many major and minor meteor shower streams that occur during the Virginid Complex , including the Alpha Virginids , Gamma Virginids , Eta Virginids , Theta Virginids , Iota Virginids , Lambda Virginids , Mu Virginids , Pi Virginids , and Psi Virginids , and March Virginids , emanating mostly from the constellation Virgo between February and May.
Delta Coronae Australis ( δ CrA ) , is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis .
NGC 6086 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation of Corona Borealis .
HD 211575 ( SAO 146004 , HR 8507 ) is a star located at right ascension 22h 18 m 4.3s , declination −0 ° 14′ 16.0 `` , having a spectral type of F3V in the constellation Aquarius in between ' ' Gamma Aquarii `` , ' ' Pi Aquarii `` and ' ' Sadalmelik ``
HD 165259 is visual binary star system in the southern constellation of Apus .
HD 35520 is a star in association in the constellation Auriga .
81 Ceti b ( abbreviated 81 Cet b ) is an extrasolar planet approximately 300 light years away in the constellation of Cetus .
Messier 21 or M21 ( also designated NGC 6531 ) is an open cluster of stars in the constellation of Sagittarius .
Zeta Aquarii ( ζ Aquarii , ζ Aqr ) is the Bayer designation for a binary , or possibly a triple star system ; the central star of the `` water jar '' asterism in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
HD 156411 is a 7th magnitude G - type main sequence star located approximately 179 light years away in the constellation Ara .
Omicron Herculis ( o Her , o Herculis ) is a multiple star system in the constellation Hercules .
Lambda Centauri ( λ Cen , λ Centauri ) is a star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Centaurus .
Epsilon Corvi ( ε Crv , ε Corvi ) is a star in the southern constellation of Corvus .
30 Aquarii ( abbreviated 30 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
70 Virginis b ( abbreviated 70 Vir b ) is an extrasolar planet approximately 60 light - years away in the constellation of Virgo .
NGC 6250 is a young open cluster of stars in the southern constellation of Ara .
HD 40307 d is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star HD 40307 , located 42 light - years from Earth in the direction of the southern constellation Pictor .
Theta Geminorum ( θ Gem , θ Geminorum ) is a Class A3 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Gemini .
22 Cygni ( 22 Cyg ) is a star in the constellation Cygnus .
HD 158614 is a spectroscopic binary star system approximately 60 light - years away in the constellation of Ophiuchus .
D Centauri ( D Cen ) is a double star in the constellation Centaurus .
Kappa Cephei ( κ Cep ) is a binary star in the constellation Cepheus .
Chi Pegasi ( Chi Peg ) is a star in the constellation Pegasus .
X Sagittarii is a Cepheid variable star in the constellation Sagittarius .
51 Pegasi ( abbreviated 51 Peg ) , also named Helvetios , is a Sun - like star located 50.9 light - years ( 15.6 parsecs ) from Earth in the constellation of Pegasus .
HD 97658 is a star 69 light years away in the constellation of Leo .
94 Piscium ( 94 Psc ) is a star in the constellation Pisces .
NGC 4881 is an elliptical galaxy about 352 million light - years away in the constellation Coma Berenices .
HD 97048 or CU Chamaeleontis is a star in the constellation Chamaeleon .
MACHO-98-BLG-35 was a gravitational microlensing event that occurred in July 1998 in the constellation Sagittarius .
Tau Ursae Majoris ( Tau UMa , τ Ursae Majoris , τ UMa ) is a binary star in the constellation Ursa Major .
Messier 80 ( also known as M80 or NGC 6093 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation Scorpius .
The Helix Nebula , also known as The Helix , NGC 7293 , is a large planetary nebula ( PN ) located in the constellation Aquarius .
PGC 6240 , also known as AM 0139 - 655 or the White Rose Galaxy , is a very large and old galaxy in the southern constellation of Hydrus , about 345 million light years away from Earth .
26 Arietis ( abbreviated 26 Ari ) is a variable star in the northern constellation of Aries .
2 Sextantis ( 2 Sex ) is a star in the constellation Hydra .
Sigma Octantis ( σ Oct , σ Octantis ) is a magnitude 5.42 star in the constellation Octans most notable for being the current South Star .
SWEEPS-11 is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star SWEEPS J175902.67−291153.5 in the constellation Sagittarius approximately 22000 light years away from the Solar System ( based on a distance modulus of 14.1 ) .
Messier 94 ( also known as NGC 4736 ) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici .
59 Arietis ( abbreviated 59 Ari ) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries .
NGC 118 is a spiral galaxy of type S ( rs)a ? pec with an apparent magnitude of 13.6 located in the constellation Cetus .
SS Cygni is a variable star in the northern constellation Cygnus ( the Swan ) .
NGC 4658 is a galaxy in the constellation of Virgo .
29 Persei ( 29 Per ) is a star in the constellation Perseus .
Mount Johnstone ( 85 ° 3′S 167 ° 45′W ) is a mountain , 1,230 metres ( 4,040 ft ) high , standing at the east side of Liv Glacier , about 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) southwest of Mount Blood , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Marston Glacier ( 76 ° 54′S 162 ° 30′E ) is a glacier in Antarctica , draining eastward from Mount Marston and Doublefinger Peak and entering Granite Harbour between Dreikanter Head and the Kar Plateau .
Mount Tuck ( 78 ° 29′S 84 ° 50′W ) is a pyramidal mountain ( 3,560 m ) at the head of Hansen Glacier , the summit of Doyran Heights in the Sentinel Range of Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Sopot Ice Piedmont ( Lednik Sopot \'led - nik ' so - pot\ ) is situated on Burgas Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica , northeast of Iskar Glacier and north of Ropotamo , Strandzha and Pautalia Glaciers .
Huns Nunatak ( 71 ° 25′S 69 ° 1′W ) is a nunatak rising to about 950 metres ( 3,120 ft ) in the center of the Milky Way , a mountain pass between the LeMay Range and the Planet Heights , in the central portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Helland - Hansen Shoulder ( 85 ° 26′S 168 ° 10′W ) is a mainly ice - covered ridge which extends southward from the west portion of Mount Fridtjof Nansen and overlooks the northern side of the head of Axel Heiberg Glacier in Antarctica .
Ellis Fjord ( 68 ° 36′S 78 ° 5′E ) is a long narrow fjord between Breidnes Peninsula and Mule Peninsula in the Vestfold Hills of Antarctica .
Jinks Island ( 65 ° 22′S 65 ° 38′W ) is an island lying 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) north of Pickwick Island , in the Pitt Islands of the Biscoe Islands , Antarctica .
Mount Bragg is a mountain in Antarctica , 1,480 metres ( 4,860 ft ) high , standing 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) southwest of Gambacorta Peak in the southern Neptune Range , Pensacola Mountains .
Jupiter Glacier ( 70 ° 57′S 68 ° 30′W ) is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) long and 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) wide at its mouth , which flows east into George VI Sound to the south of Ablation Valley .
Manole Pass ( Bulgarian : проход Маноле , `` Prohod Manole '' \'pro - hod ma-'no - le\ ) is the ice - covered saddle of elevation 2,350 metres ( 7,710 ft ) separating Veregava Ridge from Doyran Heights in the east foothills of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Gamma Hill ( 63 ° 34′S 56 ° 47′W ) is a distinctive ice - covered hill on Tabarin Peninsula , Antarctica , rising more than 300 metres ( 980 ft ) on the shore of Fridtjof Sound .
Sandanski Point ( Nos Sandanski \'nos san-'dan - ski\ ) is the point forming the north side of the entrance to Stoyanov Cove on the east coast of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica , projecting 600 m into Hero Bay and formed by an offshoot of Oryahovo Heights .
Mount Gorton ( 70 ° 1′S 159 ° 15′E ) is a prominent mountain , 1,995 metres ( 6,550 ft ) high , located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) west - southwest of Mount Perez in the southern Wilson Hills of Antarctica .
Idun Peak ( 77 ° 38′30``S 161 ° 24′32''E ) is a small peak between Mount Thundergut and Veli Peak in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Marsh Cirque ( 77 ° 30′S 161 ° 27′E ) is a cirque in the southern part of Mount Hercules , Olympus Range , Antarctica .
Debussy Heights is a minor mountain range rising to 1,300 metres ( 4,300 ft ) ( at Ravel Peak ) east of Mozart Ice Piedmont in the north part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Megaw Island ( 66 ° 55′S 67 ° 36′W ) is the easternmost of the Bennett Islands in Hanusse Bay , Antarctica .
The Rigi Kulm and other areas , such as the resort of Rigi Kaltbad , are served by Europe 's oldest mountain railways , the Rigi Railways .
In 2012 , Vladivostok hosted the 24th Summit of the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum .
Atriceps Island is the southernmost of the Robertson Islands , lying 5 km ( 3 mi ) south of the south - east end of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Mount LeResche is a prominent mountain ( 2,040 m ) at the extreme north end of Homerun Range in the Admiralty Mountains , in the Victoria Land region of Antarctica .
Sumrall Peak is a peak in Antarctica , 1,130 m , standing 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) south of Rosser Ridge in the Cordiner Peaks , Pensacola Mountains .
McDermott Glacier ( 78 ° 20′S 162 ° 4′E ) is a glacier flowing west from the Royal Society Range , Antarctica , between Dot Cliff and Berry Spur .
Lyutitsa Nunatak ( Nunatak Lyutitsa \'nu - na - tak lyu-'ti - tsa\ ) is a rocky peak of elevation 430 m projecting from the ice cap in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island , Antarctica .
Lister Glacier ( 77 ° 59′S 163 ° 5′E ) is a glacier on the east side of the Royal Society Range in Antarctica , draining northeast from a large cirque immediately north of Mount Lister .
Fisher Peak ( 75 ° 52′S 68 ° 23′W ) is a peak rising to about 1,100 metres ( 3,600 ft ) , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) southeast of Mount Leek , in the Hauberg Mountains of Antarctica .
Mount Imhotep is a mountain rising near the head of Hippocrates Glacier in the southern part of Brabant Island , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Ellis Bluff ( 85 ° 20′S 175 ° 35′W ) is a rock bluff rising to 2,280 metres ( 7,480 ft ) at the south side of the mouth of Logie Glacier , in the Cumulus Hills of Antarctica .
The Faure Islands ( 68 ° 06 ' S , 68 ° 52 ' W ) are an archipelago west of Palmer Land in Antarctica .
Heksegryta Peaks ( 73 ° 31′S 3 ° 48′W ) are a group of peaks rising between Belgen Valley and Tverregg Glacier , in the Kirwan Escarpment of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Harrow Peaks are a group of rugged peaks in the eastern part of the Random Hills , bounded on the north by Clausnitzer Glacier and on the east by Tinker Glacier , overlooking the northwestern extremity of Wood Bay on the coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Ionosphere Bay is a small bay bordering the east side of Cape Découverte , Antarctica .
Isdalsegga Ridge ( 71 ° 45′S 12 ° 33′E ) is a rock ridge surmounted by Pinegin Peak , forming the east wall of Isdalen Valley in the Südliche Petermann Range of the Wohlthat Mountains , Antarctica .
The Fortescue River is an ephemeral river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
Adams Nunatak ( 71 ° 44′S 68 ° 34′W ) is a nunatak on the south side of Neptune Glacier , 6 miles ( 10 km ) west of Cannonball Cliffs , and lies about 7.4 miles ( 12 km ) inland from George VI Sound in eastern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Morgan Inlet is an ice - filled inlet about 18 nautical miles ( 33 km ) long , with two branches , indenting the east end of Thurston Island , Antarctica , between Lofgren Peninsula and Tierney Peninsula .
Mount Cantello ( 70 ° 52′S 163 ° 7′E ) is a mountain , 1,820 metres ( 5,970 ft ) high , on the north side of Crawford Glacier , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of Mount Keith , in the Bowers Mountains , a major mountain range situated within Victoria Land , Antarctica .
McDonald Ridge ( 66 ° 20′S 52 ° 15′E ) is a mostly ice - covered ridge between Johnston Peak and Douglas Peak , about 22 nautical miles ( 41 km ) southeast of Mount Biscoe in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Livdebotnen Cirque ( 71 ° 45′S 11 ° 21′E ) is a cirque formed in the northeast side of Mount Flånuten and the west side of Botnfjellet Mountain , in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Guettard Range ( 74 ° 21′S 63 ° 27′W ) is a mountain range , 40 nautical miles ( 74 km ) long and 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) wide , located northwest of Bowman Peninsula and between Johnston Glacier and Irvine Glacier , in the southeastern extremity of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Highway Ridge ( 78 ° 23′S 162 ° 58′E ) is a ridge extending eastward from Shark Fin Glacier to Foster Glacier in the Royal Society Range , Antarctica .
Mikhaylov Island is an ice - covered island in the West Ice Shelf of Antarctica , rising to 240 metres ( 800 ft ) , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) southeast of Leskov Island .
Liouville Point ( 65 ° 10′S 64 ° 9′W ) is a point marking the northeast end of Petermann Island , in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Recluse Nunatak ( 70 ° 18′S 70 ° 32′W ) is an isolated rock exposure lying on the Handel Ice Piedmont , midway between Haydn Inlet and the Colbert Mountains in the west - central portion ( facing towards the Wilkins Ice Shelf ) of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Bononia Cove ( Bulgarian : залив Бонония , `` Zaliv Bononia '' \'za - liv bo'no - ni - ya\ ) is the 3.1 km wide cove indenting for 1.1 km the southeast coast of Nelson Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Agüedo Point is the point forming the north extremity of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and the west side of the entrance to Guayaquil Bay .
Klisura Peak ( Vrah Klisura \'vr&h kli-'su - ra\ ) is a peak rising to approx . 600 m in Friesland Ridge , Tangra Mountains , eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Koerner Rock ( 63 ° 18′51``S 57 ° 6′3''W ) is a small but conspicuous rock outcropping located 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southwest of Cape Dubouzet and 2.08 nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Yagodina Knoll , Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica .
Belousov Point ( 69 ° 51′S 160 ° 20′E ) is an ice - covered headland forming the southern tip of the Anderson Peninsula , located just north of the terminus of Suvorov Glacier , situated in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Fritsche ( 66 ° 0′S 62 ° 42′W ) is a snow - capped coastal mountain with many steep rock faces , located on the north side of Richthofen Pass in eastern Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Haag Nunataks ( 77 ° 0′S 78 ° 18′W ) in Antarctica are a group of three low elevations aligned nearly north - south .
Cuba under Castro was heavily involved in wars in Africa , Central America and Asia .
Lynch Point ( 75 ° 5′S 137 ° 44′W ) is a rocky point at the seaward end of the peninsula between Frostman Glacier and Hull Glacier on the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Harwell Glacier ( 84 ° 57′S 171 ° 29′W ) is a steep - walled tributary glacier , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) long , descending the north slopes of the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica just east of Mount Smithson to enter the upper part of Gough Glacier .
Tarbuck Crag ( 68 ° 35′S 78 ° 12′E ) is one of a group of three high points about 0.75 nautical miles ( 1.4 km ) southwest of Club Lake in the Vestfold Hills , Antarctica .
Swaziland , officially the Kingdom of Swaziland ( or ; Swazi : Umbuso weSwatini ; sometimes called kaNgwane or Eswatini ) , is a sovereign state in Southern Africa .
Mount Axtell ( 81 ° 18′S 85 ° 6′W ) is a low but distinctive rock peak 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) southeast of Mount Tidd in the Pirrit Hills , Antarctica .
The Jagar Islands are a group of small islands lying immediately off Cape Boothby , Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Mount Durnford ( 80 ° 58′S 158 ° 15′E ) is a mountain , 2,715 metres ( 8,900 ft ) high , standing 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) southeast of Mount Field in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
Mount Grimsley ( 70 ° 36′S 66 ° 32′E ) is a small mountain 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) southwest of Mount Abbs in the Aramis Range of the Prince Charles Mountains , Antarctica .
Kitticarrara Glacier ( 77 ° 43′S 163 ° 1′E ) is a short , steep glacier 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of Howard Glacier in the Kukri Hills , flowing east - southeast into Ferrar Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Mittlere Petermann Range ( German : Mittlere Petermannkette , 71 ° 30′S 12 ° 28′E ) is one of the Petermann Ranges in Antarctica , extending north -- south for 17 nautical miles ( 31 km ) from the Johnson Peaks to Store Svarthorn Peak , in the Wohlthat Mountains , Queen Maud Land .
The East Antarctic Ice Sheet ( EAIS ) is one of two large ice sheets in Antarctica , and the largest on the entire planet .
The Amery Peaks ( 70 ° 36′S 67 ° 25′E ) are a group of peaks which extend for about 18 nautical miles ( 33 km ) along the southeast side of Nemesis Glacier , in the eastern Aramis Range , Prince Charles Mountains , Antarctica .
Victoria Land is a region of Antarctica bounded on the east by the Ross Ice Shelf and the Ross Sea and on the west by Oates Land .
Fortenberry Glacier ( 70 ° 48′S 166 ° 57′E ) is a glacier on the north side of Tapsell Foreland in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Garfield Glacier ( 74 ° 57′S 136 ° 35′W ) is a glacier , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long , flowing between the Peden Cliffs and Cox Point to the east side of Hull Bay on the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
The Lowe Nunataks ( 72 ° 13′S 98 ° 56′W ) are a cluster of low peaks or nunataks 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) southeast of Mount Borgeson in the Walker Mountains of Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Queen Elizabeth Land is a portion of mainland Antarctica named by the government of the United Kingdom and forming part of the British Antarctic Territory , which is the largest of the 14 British Overseas Territories .
Mount Ehrenspeck ( 84 ° 46′S 175 ° 35′W ) is one of the Cathedral Peaks , a group of summits that form a portion of the wall on the east side of Shackleton Glacier , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Bucher Glacier ( 67 ° 39′S 66 ° 50′W ) is a small glacier draining the west slopes of Rudozem Heights and flowing to Bourgeois Fjord just north of Bottrill Head on the German Peninsula , Fallières Coast on the west side of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Mount Calvin ( 71 ° 17′S 165 ° 6′E ) is a mountain over 1,600 metres ( 5,200 ft ) high , standing 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southeast of Pilon Peak in the southern part of the Everett Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Although the prehistory of the settlement of the Canary Islands is still unclear , linguistic and genetic analyses seem to indicate that at least some of these inhabitants shared a common origin with the Berbers of northern Africa .
Lindum Valley is an ice - filled valley that opens northward to Hatherton Glacier , lying 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west - northwest of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range , Antarctica .
Moa Glacier ( 77 ° 43′S 162 ° 47′E ) is a valley glacier between Marr Glacier and Goldman Glacier in the Kukri Hills of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Hoshko Glacier ( 71 ° 49′S 163 ° 24′E ) is a cirque - type glacier in the Lanterman Range of the Bowers Mountains in Victoria Land , Antarctica , draining southwest from between Bowers Peak and Mount Edixon into the lower part of Canham Glacier .
Cape Leblond ( 66 ° 4′S 66 ° 36′W ) is a cape forming the northern end of Lavoisier Island , in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica .
Lamykin Dome ( 67 ° 27′S 46 ° 40′E ) is a domed feature rising to 525 metres ( 1,720 ft ) which forms the ice - covered summit of Tange Promontory , on the coast of Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Mount Machatschek ( 66 ° 52′S 68 ° 4′W ) is a prominent , mainly snow - covered mountain in northern Adelaide Island , Antarctica , about 14 nautical miles ( 26 km ) southwest of Mount Velain .
Russia ( i/ˈrʌʃə/ ; Russian : Росси́я , tr . Rossiya ; IPA : ( rɐˈsʲijə ) ) , also officially known as the Russian Federation ( Russian : Росси́йская Федера́ция , tr . Rossiyskaya Federatsiya ; IPA : ( rɐˈsʲijskəjə fʲɪdʲɪˈratsɨjə ) ) , is a country in northern Eurasia .
Cape MacDonald ( 71 ° 32′S 61 ° 11′W ) is a headland which rises to 435 metres ( 1,430 ft ) , forming the south side of the entrance to Odom Inlet , on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Minstrel Point is a point about midway between Cape Lindsey and Cape Yelcho on the west coast of Elephant Island , in the South Shetland Islands off Antarctica .
Geneva was ranked as the world 's ninth most important financial centre for competitiveness by the Global Financial Centres Index , ahead of Frankfurt , and third in Europe behind London and Zurich .
The Dwyer Escarpment ( 70 ° 38′S 165 ° 24′E ) is an ice - covered escarpment that overlooks the north coast of Victoria Land between Cooper Spur and Cape North , Antarctica .
Gordon Peak is a rock peak marking the northwest end of the Robin Heights in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Harvey Peak ( 79 ° 13′S 157 ° 1′E ) is an ice - free peak , 2,120 metres ( 6,960 ft ) high , standing 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the Finger Ridges in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica .
Midnight Plateau ( 79 ° 53′S 156 ° 15′E ) is a prominent ice - covered plateau , over 2,200 metres ( 7,200 ft ) high , forming the central feature of the Darwin Mountains in Antarctica .
Gair Glacier ( 73 ° 3′S 166 ° 32′E ) is a tributary glacier , 10 miles ( 16 km ) long , rising close southeast of Mount Supernal in the Mountaineer Range and flowing east - northeast to enter Mariner Glacier just north of Bunker Bluff in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Andrews ( 85 ° 57′S 149 ° 41′W ) is a mountain , 2,480 metres ( 8,140 ft ) high , standing between Mount Danforth and Mount Gerdel on the south side of Albanus Glacier , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Augen Bluffs ( 83 ° 30′S 157 ° 40′E ) is a group of rock bluffs between Orr Peak and Isocline Hill along the west side of Marsh Glacier , in the Miller Range of Antarctica .
Grinder Rock ( 63 ° 58′S 61 ° 26′W ) is the southernmost of a group of rocks extending from the southeast end of Intercurrence Island , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Kista Rock is a small island , the southernmost of a chain of small islands , lying off the coast of Antarctica 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) north of Mount Caroline Mikkelsen .
Cruzen Island is a rocky , but mostly snow - covered island about 93 kilometres ( 50 nmi ) north - northeast of the mouth of Land Glacier off the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Friedmann Peak ( 79 ° 51′S 156 ° 45′E ) is a prominent peak rising to 1,920 metres ( 6,300 ft ) in the central part of Kennett Ridge , in the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica .
Novosad Island is a small ice - covered island , one of the Lyall Islands , lying 4 miles north - northeast of Cape Dayman , off the northern coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kienle Cirque ( 78 ° 4′S 167 ° 21′E ) is an ice - filled cirque , 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) wide , the largest cirque on the west side of White Island , in the Ross Archipelago , Antarctica .
Austria - Hungary was geographically the second - largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire , at 621,538 km2 ( 239,977 sq mi ) , and the third - most populous ( after Russia and the German Empire ) .
Moulder Peak ( 80 ° 5′S 83 ° 2′W ) is a sharp peak 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) southeast of Mount Rosenthal in the Liberty Hills of the Heritage Range , Antarctica .
The Howard Nunataks ( 77 ° 30′S 87 ° 0′W ) are a group of some 15 nunataks lying off the extremity of the mountainous ridge at the northwest corner of the Sentinel Range , Antarctica .
Holcomb Glacier ( 75 ° 35′S 142 ° 48′W ) is a glacier which drains northward to the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica , 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) southeast of Groves Island .
Grautskåla Cirque ( 71 ° 37′S 11 ° 22′E ) is a cirque immediately north of The Altar in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Maranga Island is the westernmost of the Anagram Islands , lying on the south side of French Passage in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
The Brattstrand Bluffs are rock cliffs on the coast of Antarctica , about 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) east - north - east of Hovde Island and Amanda Bay .
Kuvsletta Flat ( 73 ° 50′S 5 ° 14′W ) is a small , flattish , ice - covered area between Utrinden Point and Framranten Point , near the southwest end of the Kirwan Escarpment in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Chilean Antarctic Territory or Chilean Antarctica ( Spanish : Territorio Chileno Antártico , Antártica Chilena ) is the territory in Antarctica claimed by Chile .
Donato y Estefano is a Latin pop duo formed by the collaboration of Fabio Alfonso Salgado ( `` Estefano '' ) , a native of Cali , Colombia , and Donato Poveda of Havana , Cuba .
Dominicus Gundissalinus , also known as Domingo Gundisalvo , ( flourished ca . 1150 ) may have been a converted Jew , and was the archdeacon of Segovia , Spain and a scholastic philosopher .
Tongan Ninja is a 2002 kung - fu action - comedy film directed by Jason Stutter and filmed in New Zealand .
Eagle vs Shark is a 2007 New Zealand romantic comedy film directed by Taika Waititi and financed by the New Zealand Film Commission .
100 Hours , a joint production between TVNZ and the Netherlands ' IDTV , was a New Zealand television show filmed in Avalon , New Zealand that aired on TV2 on Sunday evenings in 2002 .
Do dzwonka is a Polish television sitcom , originally aired by the Disney Channel Poland since 7 November 2010 .
Irish Destiny is a 1926 film made in Ireland , directed by George Dewhurst and written by Isaac Eppel to mark the tenth anniversary of the Easter Rising .
Mantecadas are a type of spongy pastry from Spain similar to a muffin , but flatter .
Air Ways followed the day - to - day operations of budget Australian airline Tiger Airways Australia ( now Tigerair Australia ) .
Paški baškotin is an aromatic zwieback rusk bread from the island of Pag of Croatia .
In the United States , the show aired in syndication , and was mistakenly labelled by some television critics as a copy of the American series WIOU , which in fact had its debut after E.N.G. was already on the air in Canada .
Gold Spot was one of the three brands of carbonated soft drink started in India by Parle under the initiative of its founder Ramesh Chauhan in 1977 after the exit of Coca - Cola and PepsiCo from the Indian market .
Speck Alto Adige PGI ( German : Südtiroler Speck ) is a dry - cured , lightly smoked ham ( prosciutto in Italian ) , produced in South Tyrol , northern Italy .
The film featured the aptly titled song `` My Date with the President 's Daughter '' by the band The Presidents of the United States of America , describing events similar to those in the plot .
The Times of India gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5 and wrote , `` Kallappadam works more as a heist movie , probably because we have only recently had Jigarthanda and KTVI talk about the film industry and they did it better .
Jejak Rasul is a popular Islamic documentary show in Malaysia .
Laird of Burnbrae was a hereditary title in Scotland that was held by several generations in the Primrose family .
Vocea României ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈvot͡ʃe̯a romɨˈni.ej ) ; English : The Voice of Romania ) is a Romanian reality singing competition broadcast on PRO TV .
Mykyrokka is a soup that is a typical traditional dish in central Finland ( Savo region ) .
The Wau Holland Foundation ( German : Wau Holland Stiftung ; WHS ) is a nonprofit foundation based in Hamburg , Germany .
Runeberg tortes are typically eaten only in Finland and are generally available in stores from the beginning of January to Runeberg 's birthday on February 5 .
Swiss chocolate refers to chocolate produced in Switzerland .
Karina 's Zelfopoffering , also known by the Indonesian name Pengorbanan Karina ( both meaning Karina 's Sacrifice ) is a 1932 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) .
Boerewors is also very common throughout South Africa , Namibia , Botswana , Mozambique and Zimbabwe as well as with expatriate communities in Australia , Canada , Ireland , the Netherlands , Taiwan , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
During the Paulinia Film Festival , held July 5 - -12 , 2008 in Paulinia , Sao Paulo , Brazil , Embodiment of Evil won 7 of 15 categories for fictional films .
The Tupolev Tu-22 ( NATO reporting name : Blinder ) was the first supersonic bomber to enter production in the Soviet Union .
Kape at Balita ( literally Coffee and News in Filipino ) is a morning newscast , talk and commentary program in the Philippines that was first aired from 1991 to 1993 on GMA 7 .
The Spirits of Love or Love ( Chinese : 愛 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ài ; literally : `` love '' ) is a Taiwanese Hokkien television drama that aired on Formosa TV in Taiwan from 28 November 2006 to 21 May 2008 .
On 26 July 2013 , Network Ten announced a new drama project from Endemol Australia named Party Tricks , a six - part drama series by the producers of Offspring , Puberty Blues , The Secret Life of Us and Tangle ;
Local Heroes is an award - winning science and history television programme in the United Kingdom , presented by Adam Hart - Davis .
Carlos de Haes ( January 25 , 1829 -- June 17 , 1898 ) was a Spanish painter from Belgium .
Boy , Girl stars G.B. Jones and Bruce LaBruce and was made in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , in 1987 .
`` The Star - Spangled Banner '' is the national anthem of the United States of America .
My Young Auntie aka Fangs of The Tigress is a 1981 Hong Kong action film from the Shaw Brothers studio .
Lucky Miles is a 2007 Australian drama feature film based on several true stories involving people entering Australia illegally along the continent 's coastline .
Bam 6.6 is a documentary about the 2003 Bam earthquake in Iran .
Following the success of Healing Hands I and II , Hong Kong 's No.1 Television Channel , TVB , introduced Healing Hands III . It starred the original casts of Healing Hands I :
The Clean are an indie rock band that formed in Dunedin , New Zealand in 1978 , and have been described as the most influential band to come from the Flying Nun label , whose repertoire included many major components of the `` Dunedin Sound '' .
Jungle Emperor Leo , known in Japan as Jungle Emperor The Movie ( Japanese : 劇場版 ジャングル大帝 Hepburn : Gekijōban Janguru Taitei ) is a 1997 animated movie focusing on the last half of Osamu Tezuka 's manga , Jungle Taitei ( known in earlier US productions as Kimba the White Lion and Leo the Lion ) .
Yeh Hai Bakrapur is a social satire set against the backdrop of rural India .
À tout prendre ( released as All Things Considered in English Canada and as Take It All in the United States ) is a Canadian drama film , directed by Claude Jutra and released in 1963 .
The Barretts of Wimpole Street is a 1957 Metrocolor CinemaScope film originating from the United Kingdom , and was a re - make of the earlier 1934 version by the same director , Sidney Franklin .
Balchão was introduced to India by the Catholic Portuguese during colonization .
When it came out in 1975 , The Pinchcliffe Grand Prix was an enormous success in Norway , selling 1 million tickets in its first year of release .
Vallée d’Aoste Jambon de Bosses is a spicy cured pork product from Saint - Rhémy - en - Bosses in the Aosta Valley in Italy , one of the region 's specialties .
FAUR S.A. is an industrial engineering and manufacturing company based in Bucharest , Romania .
Anticuchos ( singular anticucho , Quechua for Cut Stew Meat ) are popular and inexpensive dishes that originated in Peru in the pre - Columbian era ; other Andean states , such as Chile and Bolivia , adopted the recipe .
Bước nhảy hoàn vũ ( literally Universal Steps ) is a reality show produced by Vietnam Television and Cát Tiên Sa Production .
Tirggel are traditional Christmas biscuits from Zürich , Switzerland .
Oscar and Friends is a New Zealand 27-episode clay - mation children 's series that ran from 1995 - -1999 .
Warriors Two ( Chinese : 贊先生與找錢華 ) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Sammo Hung , who also co - stars in the film .
Time Before Time ( Chinese title : 大鬧廣昌隆 ) was the most successful TVB series released in Hong Kong in 1997 , the year that Hong Kong was transferred back to China .
RTV Utrecht is a regional television and radio broadcaster in the Utrecht Province of the Netherlands .
The Mysterians , released in Japan as Chikyū Bōeigun ( 地球防衛軍 , lit . `` Earth Defense Force '' ) , is a 1957 Science fiction Tokusatsu film directed by Ishirō Honda and produced & released by Toho Studios .
La Salla is a 1996 computer animated short by Richard Condie , produced in Winnipeg by the National Film Board of Canada .
Ithuteng is a 2005 documentary film about the Ithuteng Trust School in Soweto , South Africa .
Tagata Pasifika is an English language New Zealand programme which screens on TVNZ 's TV ONE and on Māori Television .
Where Is My Friend 's Home ( aka Where Is My Friend 's House , and My Friend 's Home ; Hangul : 내 친구의 집은 어디인가 ) is a show on JTBC in South Korea .
Royal Tramp is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha 's novel The Deer and the Cauldron .
Westminster Live was a weekly television programme focusing on political developments within the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Kamilla and the Thief was a huge success in Norway , selling half a million tickets ( in a country of about 4 million people ) .
Hieronymus van der Mij ( 1687 - -1761 ) was an 18th - century portrait painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Home in Toa Payoh is a Singapore Chinese drama which had its original run telecast in December 2003 .
El Diario Montañés is a Spanish language daily regional newspaper published in Santander , Spain .
In the summer of 1979 Garnock Way was axed and replaced by Take the High Road , which was a bigger budget affair and more in keeping with the ' tartan ' perception of Scotland as it was deliberately set in a more beautiful part of Scotland .
The MAX Sessions are mainly filmed at the Sydney Opera House but are occasionally done in other special venues around Australia .
The ZH-29 was a semi - automatic rifle developed in Czechoslovakia during the late 1920s and used by Chinese National Revolutionary Army .
The Steam Room was a United Kingdom reality television show hosted by Jo Guest and Michelle Marsh .
Lángos is sold at many fast - food restaurants not only in Hungary but also in Austria .
The Terrex started off as a private venture between Singapore Technologies Engineering and Timoney Technology , intended for export sales .
Cribb ( Sergeant Cribb in North America ) is a television police drama , which debuted in 1979 as a 90-minute TV film from Granada Television in the United Kingdom .
Szaloncukor ( Slovak : salónka , plural salónky ; literally : `` parlour candy '' ) is a type of sweet traditionally associated with Christmas in Hungary and Slovakia .
All Hope Is Gone has been certified Platinum in the United States of America and Canada by the RIAA and the CRIA respectively .
The Battle Among the Clans ( 大香港 ) is a Hong Kong clan drama series produced by TVB that took place from the mid-1940s to 1950s .
Peter Scot is a brand of Indian whisky , manufactured by Khoday India Limited ( KIL ) , and launched in May 1968 .
Opapatika opened on October 23 , 2007 in Thailand cinemas .
Maple sugar is a traditional sweetener in Canada , and the northeastern United States , prepared from the sap of the maple tree .
A Pele do Ogro is a novel by Miguel M. Abrahão , published in 1996 , in Brazil
Times of India gave 2.5 stars out of 5 and wrote `` if Aachariyangal works to a certain extent , it is mainly because of the inherent what - next suspense that the plot holds '' .
The first series went to air on the Seven Network in 2005 , Eclipse Music TV quickly became Australia 's number one Saturday music chart show til 2007 .
Kamikaze Girls , originally released in Japan as Shimotsuma Story--
The RG-31 Nyala is a 4×4 multi - purpose mine - resistant ambush protected infantry mobility vehicle manufactured in South Africa by Land Systems OMC , It is a division of Denel SOC LTD , located in Benoni , South Africa .
Kontrobersyal ( English : Controversial ) is a news journal hosted by Boy Abunda on ABS - CBN in the Philippines from 2003 to 2006 .
Dance Lexie Dance is a short film made in Northern Ireland , and released in 1996 .
Kahlúa is a coffee - flavored sugar - based liqueur from Mexico .
Slim till Dead ( Chinese : 瘦身 ) ( Orig . Sul sun ) is a 2005 Hong Kong film directed by Marco Mak and stars Anthony Wong and Cherrie Ying .
The government banned Obaltan because of its unremittingly downbeat depiction of life in post - armistice South Korea .
Teh tarik ( literally `` pulled tea '' ) is a hot milk tea beverage which can be commonly found in restaurants , outdoor stalls and kopi tiams within the Southeast Asian countries of Malaysia and Singapore .
Było sobie miasteczko ... ( English : There Once Was a Town ... ) is a 2009 Polish historical documentary film about the 1943 Kisielin massacre in the village of Kisielin ( now Kysylyn ) , located in the Wołyń Voivodeship in Poland before World War II , ( now in Ukraine ) .
The Legendary Ranger ( Chinese : 原振俠 , Yuan Zhen - xia ) is a 1993 Hong Kong cross - genre television miniseries produced by Mui Siu - ching and aired by TVB .
Legal Help Desk ( abbreviated as Legal HD ) is a legal - consulting public affairs show that aired on CNN Philippines since November 26 , 2012 .
Rekkit Rabbit ( known as Rekkit in France ) is a French animated TV series created by David Michel and produced by Marathon Media , Zodiak Kids , Disney XD ( Europe ) .
Christ in the House of His Parents ( 1849 - -50 ) is a painting by John Everett Millais depicting the Holy Family in Saint Joseph 's carpentry workshop .
Raphael and La Fornarina is a painting by Jean - Auguste - Dominique Ingres , known in five versions .
Vince Girdhari Chhabria ( born 1969 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and formerly a Deputy City Attorney at the San Francisco City Attorney 's Office .
Kim MacConnel ( born 1946 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ) is an American artist who works with painting , sculpture , and mixed media - collage / fabric .
Carroll Thayer Berry ( March 28 , 1886 -- 1978 ) was an American artist who grew up in Maine , and whose work is often said to be emblematic of New England , especially the seacoast .
Johann Christian Schickhardt ( or Schikardt , c. 1682 -- c. 25 March 1762 ) was a German composer and woodwind player .
Manton Eastburn ( 1801 Leeds , England -- 1872 ) was an Episcopal bishop .
Hedges Eyre Chatterton ( 5 July 1819 -- 30 August 1910 ) was an Irish Conservative Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the United Kingdom Parliament and subsequently Vice - Chancellor of Ireland .
Joseph de Gallifet ( 2 May 1663 -- 1 September 1749 ) was a French Jesuit priest , known for his promotion of the devotion of the Sacred Heart of Jesus .
John Islip ( 1464 - 1532 ) was abbot of the monastery of Westminster , London , in Tudor times .
Dragoljub Jeličić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгољуб Јеличић ; c. 1902 -- 1963 ) was one of the youngest soldiers in the Serbian Army during the First World War .
Thomas Lovett III ( 23 September 1473 - 16 December 1542 ) was High Sheriff of Northamptonshire in 1505 , and was the King 's Escheator in Northamptonshire in 1528 and 1533 .
Pierre - Jean Garat ( 25 April 1764 -- 1 March 1823 ) was a French Basque singer and nephew of Dominique Joseph Garat .
Mary R. Grizzle , also known as Mary Grizzle , ( 1921 - 2006 ) was a legislator and advocate of the Equal Rights Amendment , who served in both houses of the Florida state legislature .
Louis II , Grand Duke of Baden ( 15 August 1824 -- 22 January 1858 ) was the son of Leopold I , Grand Duke of Baden and Sophie of Holstein - Gottorp , Princess of Sweden .
Jogesh Chandra Bagal ( Bengali : যোগেশচন্দ্র বাগল ) ( 27 May 1903 - 1972 ) was an Indian journalist , historian and writer .
Kovelamudi Surya Prakash Rao ( 1914 - -1996 ) was a noted director , producer , actor and Cinematographer of Indian films .
Rt Hon . Thomas Wiles ( 19 June 1861 - 18 May 1951 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician .
Henry Thoby Prinsep ( 1792 - -1878 ) was an English official of the Indian Civil Service , and historian of India .
Emmy Albus ( 13 December 1911 -- 20 September 1995 ) was a German sprinter , who won a gold medal in 4 × 100 m relay at the 1938 European Championships , the same year she set a world record in the 4 × 200 m relay .
Forster Fitzgerald Arbuthnot ( 21 May 1833 -- 25 May 1901 ) was a notabled British Orientalist and translator .
Tukojirao III ( 1 January 1888 -- 21 December 1937 ) was the ruling Maharaja of the princely state of Dewas from 1900 to 1937 .
George Johnson Armstrong ( 1902 -- 10 July 1941 ) was the first British citizen to be executed under the Treachery Act 1940 .
Áed Dub mac Suibni ( died c. 588 ) was an Irish king of the Cruthin of Dál nAraidi ( in modern Ulster ) .
Mildred Vera Peters ( 28 April 1911 -- 1 October 1993 ) was a Canadian oncologist and clinical investigator .
Countess Zofia Lubomirska ( c. 1585 -- 1612 ) was a Polish--
Sir William Trelawny , 6th Baronet ( c. 1722 -- 11 December 1772 ) , was a British politician and colonial administrator .
Joseph Mottershead ( 1688 - -1771 ) was an English dissenting minister .
Joseph Langen ( 3 June 1837 -- 13 July 1901 ) was a German theologian and priest , who was instrumental for the German Old Catholic movement .
Lawrence Kaelter Rosinger ( 5 October 1915 - 14 September 1994 ) was an American specialist on modern East Asia , focusing on China and India .
Kunhsaw Kyaunghpyu ( Burmese : ကွမ်းဆော် ကြောင်းဖြူ ( kʊ́ɴ sʰɔ̀ tɕáʊɴ bjù ) ; c. 955 - -1048 ) was king of Pagan Dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) from 1001 to 1021 .
Mohammad Taqi Baraghani ( Persian : ملا محمدتقی برغانی‎ , Arabic : محمد تقي البرغاني‎ ) ( died 1847 ) , was a top prominent Shi'a cleric in Qajar Persia .
Charles McGhee Tyson ( 1889 - -1918 ) was an American businessman and Naval aviator from Knoxville , Tennessee .
Bhanumati Devi ( 15 May 1934 -- 4 January 2013 ) was a Burmese - born Indian film and theater actress .
Arthur Grote ( 1814 - -1886 ) was an English colonial administrator .
James Andrew Walsh ( 20 November 1908 - 17 May 1985 ) was a formidable hurler .
Theiddat ( Burmese : သိဒ္ဓတ် , pronounced : ( θeiʔdaʔ ) ; 1375 - -1407 ) was the heir - presumptive of Ava from 1400 to 1406 during the reign of King Minkhaung I of Ava .
William Henry Mote ( 1803 - -1871 ) was an English stipple and line engraver , primarily known for his portraits .
Abdullah Çatlı ( 1 June 1956 -- 3 November 1996 ) was a convicted Turkish secret government agent , and contract killer for the Counter - Guerrilla .
Edmond Dyonnet ( 1859 - -1954 ) was a Canadian painter , born French and naturalised Canadian .
Paul Wadham ( 31 March 1943 -- 4 May 2006 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League .
Mi Heng ( Chinese : 禰衡 ; c. AD 173 -- 198 ) , courtesy name Zhengping , was an ancient Chinese writer and musician who lived during the later Han dynasty .
Natasha Kroll ( 1914 - 2004 ) was a display and production designer born in Moscow , who moved to Germany with her family in 1922 .
Richard Brooker ( 20 November 1954 -- 8 April 2013 ) was an English stuntman , perhaps best known for his role in Friday the 13th Part III as Jason Voorhees .
John Francis Bray ( 1809 - -1897 ) was a radical , Chartist , writer on socialist economics and activist in both Britain and his native America in the 19th century .
David Robert Lyall CSI ( 1842 -- 4 January 1917 ) was a British colonial administrator during the late 19th century .
Robert F. Dill ( 1927 - 2004 ) ( Robert Floyd Dill or Bob Dill ) was a marine geologist .
Carl Ludovico Stabel ( 1912 -- 1988 ) was a Norwegian civil servant and judge .
Nicolas Broussier ( 1774 , Ville - sur - Saulx - 10 January 1850 , Bar - le - Duc , of apoplexy ) was a French soldier and officer .
Simon Heinrich Sack ( 27 June 1723 in Hecklingen -- 2 December 1791 in Glogau ) was Hofrat ( Privy Councilor ) , Justice Commissioner and adviser to King Frederick II of Prussia .
William Bridges Adams ( 1797 -- 23 July 1872 ) was an author , inventor and locomotive engineer .
Willibald Nagel ( 19 June 1870 -- 13 November 1911 ) was a German physiologist , best known for his work in the field of sensory physiology .
Ambrose Eccles ( died 1809 ) , was an Irish Shakespearean scholar .
Dom Garcia de Noronha ( 1479 in Lisbon -- 3 April 1540 in Goa ) was a Portuguese nobleman .
Liu Buchan ( simplified Chinese : 刘步蟾 ; traditional Chinese : 劉步蟾 ; pinyin : Liú Bùchán ) ( born 1852 , died 10 February 1895 ) was a naval officer of the Beiyang Fleet , the most prominent of China 's naval units in the late Qing Dynasty .
Giovanni Antonio Viscardi ( 27 December 1645 -- 9 September 1713 ) was a Swiss architect of the baroque , who worked mostly in Bavaria .
Eugene F. McDonald ( 1886 - -1958 ) founded Zenith Radio in 1921 , a major American radio and electronics manufacturer for most of the twentieth century .
William F. Assmann ( 1862 - -19 October 1920 ) of St. Louis , was a record setting balloonist .
Askia Musa or Askiya Musa ( ruled 1529 - -1531 ) was the 2nd Soninke ruler of the Songhai Empire .
Admiral Sir Henry John Leeke KCB KH DL ( 1794 -- 26 February 1870 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Third Naval Lord , Member of Parliament for Dover and Deputy Lieutenant of Hampshire .
Leonard Frank Spath FRS ( 20 October 1882 -- 2 March 1957 ) was a British Geologist specialising in malacology and ammonitology .
William Croft Dickinson , CBE ( 28 August 1897 -- May 1963 ) was an English historian , a leading expert in the history of early modern Scotland and an author of both children 's fiction and adult ghost stories .
Heini Halberstam ( 11 September 1926 -- 25 January 2014 ) was a British mathematician , working in the field of analytic number theory .
Arthur Yeldard ( c.1530 - -1599 ) was an English clergyman and academic , chosen as the first Fellow and second President of Trinity College , Oxford .
Marshel Arthur ( 1879 - -1962 ) was a china clay worker and historian from Cornwall , UK .
Jiang Shen ( 蔣伸 ) ( 799 - -881 ) , courtesy name Dazhi ( 大直 ) , formally the Duke of Le'an ( 樂安公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Xuānzong and Emperor Xuānzong 's son Emperor Yizong .
Eusébio da Silva Ferreira GCIH , GCM ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ewˈzɛβju ðɐ ˈsiɫvɐ fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ ) ; 25 January 1942 -- 5 January 2014 ) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a striker .
Charles Edward Legat ( 1876 Musselburgh - 1966 ) was the Scottish - born Chief Conservator of Forests in South Africa from 1913 to 1931 .
Abd al - Aziz ibn Mansur was the ruler of the Hammadids from 1104 to 1121 .
Atulya Ghosh ( Bengali : অতুল্য ঘোষ ) ( 28 August 1904 -- 18 April 1986 ) was a Bengali politician and an able political organiser who had become a legend in Indian political circles .
Sir Thomas Edward Scrutton ( 1856 - -1934 ) was an English legal text - writer and a judge of considerable eminence .
Dr. Sir Ervad Jivanji Jamshedji Modi ( 1854 - 1933 ) , who also carried the title of Shams - ul - Ulama , was a prominent Zoroastrian Indian priest , scholar and community leader .
Leni Yahil ( 1912 - -2007 ) , née Leni Westphal , was a German - born Israeli historian , specializing in the Holocaust and Danish Jewry .
Clarissa Kaye ( ca . 1931 -- 21 July 1994 ) was an Australian stage , film and television actress .
Admiral Sir George Somers ( 1554 - -1610 ) was an English naval hero , knighted for his achievements and the Admiral of the Virginia Company .
John Dudley Philbrick ( May 28 , 1818 -- Feb. 2 , 1886 ) was a prominent American educator .
Regnier de Graaf ( English spelling ) , original Dutch spelling Reinier de Graaf , or Latinized Reijnerus de Graeff ( 30 July 1641 -- 17 August 1673 ) was a Dutch physician and anatomist who made key discoveries in reproductive biology .
James Barry , 1st Baron Barry of Santry PC ( Ire ) ( 1603 - -1673 ) was an Irish lawyer , judge and peer .
Frans Mendur ( 1913 -- 1971 ) was an Indonesian photographer who took the iconic photographs of the declaration of Indonesian independence on 17 August 1945 .
Flying Officer MP Anil Kumar ( 5 May 1964 -- 20 May 2014 ) was a MiG 21 pilot in the Indian Air Force ; after he became quadriplegic as a result of a motor - cycle accident , he became a writer and historian .
Josef Kaizl ( 10 June 1854 , in Volhynia -- 19 August 1901 , in Myslkovice ) was a well known Czech professor , economist , and politician in the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Franciscus Irenicus , byname of Franz Friedlieb ( 1494/1495 -- 1553 ) was a German humanist and historian .
Sir Walter Roper Lawrence , 1st Baronet , GCIE CB GCVO ( 9 February 1857 -- 25 May 1940 ) was a member of the British Council-09 and an English author who served in the Indian Civil Service under the British in India and wrote travelogues based on his experiences of traveling around the Indian Subcontinent .
Anthony Van Egmond , born Antonij Jacobi Willem Gijben ( 10 March 1778 Groesbeek in Dutch Republic -- 5 January 1838 in Toronto , Upper Canada ) before coming to North America , was purportedly a Dutch Napoleonic War veteran .
Jennifer Rosanne States was a black Canadian child who died at age three in September 1968 and made national headlines when she was refused burial in an all - white cemetery .
Renie Riano ( 7 August 1899 -- 3 July 1971 ) was a British - born American actress who had minor roles in 1940s-1950s films .
Maggie Boyle ( 24 December 1956 -- 6 November 2014 ) was an English , London - born folk singer , who also played flute , whistle and bodhrán .
Serjeant William Ballantine SL ( 3 January 1812 -- 9 January 1887 ) was an English Serjeant - at - law , a legal position defunct since the legal reforms of the 1870s .
Ælfheah the Bald is the commonly used name for Ælfheah ( died 12 March 951 ) , the first English Bishop of Winchester of that name .
Morteza Qoli Khan Qajar ( Persian : مرتضی قلی خان قاجار‎‎ , b. 1750/1755 - died either 1798 in St. Petersburg or 1800 at Astrakhan ) - was a prince of Persia 's Qajar dynasty , and the brother of Agha Mohammad Khan .
Henry James Black ( 22 December 1858 - - 19 September 1923 ) was a kabuki actor and Japan 's first foreign - born rakugoka , or public storyteller , performing under the name Kairakutei Black I ( 初代 快楽亭 ブラック Shodai Kairakutei Burakku ) .
Ernest Gellhorn ( 1935 - -2005 ) was an American academic and legal scholar .
Romeu Beltrão ( 1913 - -1977 ) , was a Brazilian physician , educator , historian and paleontologist .
John Paul Papanicolaou ( died 14 February 2010 ) was a Greek businessman active in the shipping industry .
Sir Harry Langhorne Thompson , KCMG ( 6 February 1857 - 28 April 1902 ) was a British colonial administrator in Cyprus and the West Indies .
Willy Lauwers , also known as ' Rupske ' Lauwers , ( 16 April 1936 -- 12 April 1959 ) was a professional cyclist .
W. Ian Thomas ( 13 September 1914 -- 1 August 2007 ) was a Christian evangelical writer , theological teacher and founder of the Torchbearers Bible schools .
Sir Dan Godfrey ( 20 June 1868 -- 20 July 1939 ) was a British music conductor and member of a musical dynasty that included his father Dan(iel ) Godfrey ( 1831 - -1903 ) .
Jean - Gilles Filhol de Camas ( Raillette , Fumel , 7 December 1758 -- Berwick , off Trafalgar , 21 October 1805 ) was a French Navy officer and captain .
Akaki Surguladze ( Georgian : აკაკი სურგულაძე ) ( 1913 - 1991 ) was a Georgian historian .
James Michael Newell ( February 21 , 1900 -- December 1985 ) was a gold medaled WPA artist , best known for his fresco murals .
Sir Charles Lloyd Jones ( 28 May 1878 -- 30 July 1958 ) was an Australian businessman and patron of the arts , serving as Chairman of David Jones Limited from 1920 to his death in 1958 .
Diego de Riaño ( died 1534 ) was a Spanish architect of the Renaissance .
Sir Evelyn Freeth ( 25 May 1846 -- 16 September 1911 ) was an English civil servant who became an expert on death duties .
Max Bernhard Weinstein ( 1 September 1852 in Kaunas , Vilna Governorate -- 25 March 1918 ) was a German physicist and philosopher .
Didi Perego ( 13 April 1937 -- 28 June 1993 ) was a statuesque Italian actress who appeared in over 80 films and television shows .
Dinos Katsouridis ( 1927 - 28 November 2011 ) was a Greek Cypriot film director , cinematographer and editor .
Arthur Mounteney ( 11 February 1883 -- 1 June 1933 ) was an English professional footballer and cricketer .
Elena Fabrizi ( 17 June 1915 -- 9 August 1993 ) was an Italian stage , television and film actress and a television personality .
Jim Shanahan ( 1 June 1901 -- 8 September 1985 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood , Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Abraham Reynardson ( 1589 - 4 October 1661 ) was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London in 1649 .
Andrew Pritchard ( 1804 --1882 ) was an English naturalist and natural history dealer who made significant improvements to microscopy and studied microscopic organisms .
Robert Collier , 2nd Baron Monkswell ( 26 March 1845 -- 22 December 1909 ) , was a British Liberal politician .
Joseph Martin Kronheim ( 1810 - 1896 ) was a German - born lithographer and wood engraver known for founding Kronheim & Co. and working with George Baxter .
Blagoje Adžić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Благоје Аџић ; 2 September 1932 -- 1 March 2012 ) was the acting minister of defence in the Yugoslav government .
Kalamandalam Kalyanikutty Amma ( 1915 - -1999 ) was an epoch - making Mohiniyattam danseuse from Kerala in southern India .
Charles Brunier ( 31 May 1901 -- 26 January 2007 ) was a French convicted murderer and veteran of both the First and Second World Wars who claimed , in 2005 , to have been the inspiration for Papillon .
George Flash ( Hebrew : ג'ורג ' פלש‎ , born 1909 , died 22 November 1990 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1955 .
Carlile Aylmer Macartney ( 1895 - -1978 ) was a British academic specializing in the history of central Europe and in particular the history of Hungary .
Wilhelm Johannsen ( 3 February 1857 -- 11 November 1927 ) was a Danish botanist , plant physiologist , and geneticist .
Alan Brodrick , 1st Viscount Midleton , PC ( Ire ) ( c. 1656 -- 29 August 1728 ) was a leading Anglo - Irish lawyer and politician of the early eighteenth century : he was Speaker of the Irish House of Commons and Lord Chancellor of Ireland .
Joseph Mezger ( 5 September 1635 -- 26 October 1683 ) was an Austrian Benedictine of St. Peter 's Archabbey , Salzburg .
Samuel J. F. Thayer ( 1842 - -1893 ) was an American architect , notable for designing buildings such as the Providence City Hall and the Cathedral of St. George , as well as the city halls of Brookline , Stoughton , and Methuen , Massachusetts .
John Van Wie Bergamini ( August 12 , 1888 - January 15 , 1975 ) was an American missionary architect who worked for the American Episcopal Mission in China , Japan , the Philippines and Africa .
Oberto I Obizzo ( also Otbert ) ( died 15 October 975 ) was an Italian count palatine and margrave and the oldest known member of the Obertenghi family .
Arthur Coke Burnell ( 11 July 1840 -- 12 October 1882 ) was an English scholar in Sanskrit
Ralph Thomas Walker , FAIA , ( 1889 - -1973 ) was an American architect , president of the American Institute of Architects and partner of the firm McKenzie , Voorhees , Gmelin ; and its successor firms Voorhees , Gmelin & Walker , Voorhees , Walker , Foley & Smith ;
Robert Balfour , 5th Lord Balfour of Burleigh ( died 1757 ) , was a Jacobite from the Burleigh family of the county of Kinross , Scotland , remembered chiefly for a crime of passion .
Vasile Spătărelu ( Tâmna , județul Mehedinți , 21 April 1938 - Galați , 24 March 2005 ) was a Romanian composer .
Adelaide of Meissen ( Czech : Adléta , German : Adelheid ; c. 1160 -- 2 February 1211 ) was Queen of Bohemia as the first wife of King Ottokar I.
Sean McAloon ( 1923 - -1998 ) was a piper and pipe maker from Ireland .
William Willoughby , 3rd Baron Willoughby of Parham ( 1584 - -28 August 1617 ) was an English peer .
Jonah Nabon was a rabbinical scholar ; born at Jerusalem in 1713 ; died there 1760 ; son of Hanun Nabon .
Major Mukund Varadarajan AC ( 12 April 1983 -- 25 April 2014 ) was an officer in the Rajput Regiment of the Indian Army .
Philip Cecil Crampton PC ( May 1783 , Dublin -- 29 December 1862 ) was a judge , politician and Solicitor - General for Ireland , and a noted supporter of the cause of total abstinence from alcohol .
Don Edgardo Colona ( 1846 - -1904 ) was the stage name of Edgar Chalmers , a hard - working lesser tragedian in British theater .
Faruk Kaiser ( 6 June 1918 - 10 November 1987 ) was an Urdu / Hindi poet and a renowned lyricist in India , making a significant contribution to the success of many Bollywood films .
John A. Hostetler ( Mifflin County , 1918 - -2001 ) was an American author , educator , and leading scholar of Amish and Hutterite societies .
Nezir Škaljić ( 1844 -- 1905 ) was a Bosnian politician who served as the third Mayor of Sarajevo between 1899 and 1905 .
Oskar Pfister ( 12 February 1873 -- 6 August 1956 ) was a Swiss Lutheran minister and lay psychoanalyst who was a native of Wiedikon .
Paul Sacher ( 28 April 1906 -- 26 May 1999 ) was a Swiss conductor , patron and impresario .
William St Lawrence , 14th Baron Howth ( 1688 - 1748 ) was an Irish peer and politician , who enjoyed the friendship of Jonathan Swift .
Charles Killigrew ( 1655 - -1725 ) was an English courtier , theatre manager and Master of the Revels .
Theodore S. Wright ( 1797 - 1847 ) was an African - American abolitionist and minister who was active in New York City , where he led the First Colored Presbyterian Church as its second pastor .
Urbain Johnson ( January 27 , 1824 -- April 1917 ) was a farmer and political figure in the Canadian province of New Brunswick .
Hiromu Naruse ( 成瀬弘 , Naruse Hiromu ) ( 1944 -- 23 June 2010 ) was the Japanese chief test driver , chief test engineer of Toyota Motor Corporation and chief of the Gazoo Racing team .
Enid Johnson Macleod ( 1909 - 17 May 2001 ) was a Canadian anaesthetist and medical doctor .
John Kells Ingram ( 7 July 1823 -- 1 May 1907 ) was an economist and poet .
Michał Gajownik ( 15 December 1981 -- 13 November 2009 ) was a Polish sprint canoer who competed from 2000 to 2006 .
Peter Friedrich Röding ( 17 June 1767 -- 8 June 1846 ) was a German malacologist who lived in Hamburg .
Sophia Baddeley ( 1745 -- July 1786 ) was an English actress , singer and courtesan .
Gustav Reichardt , also Heinrich Wilhelm Ludwig Gustav Reichardt ( 13 November 1797 -- 18 October 1884 ) , was a 19th - century German music teacher and composer .
Sir Robert Clarkson Tredgold CMG ( 2 June 1899 -- 8 April 1977 ) was a British barrister and judge who held a number of political posts in Rhodesia .
Mary Barbour ( née Rough ) ( 20 February 1875 -- 2 April 1958 ) was a Scottish political activist , local councillor and magistrate .
Fernando Lanhas , GOSE ( 16 September 1923 -- 4 February 2012 ) was a Portuguese painter and architect .
Siegfried Rapp ( 1915 - -1982 ) was a German pianist who lost his right arm during World War II and then focused on the left - hand repertoire .
B. D. Amis ( Benjamin DeWayne Amis ; 7 July 1896 -- 9 June 1993 ) was an African American labor organizer and civil rights leader .
Sir John Palgrave , 1st Baronet ( 1605 -- 1672 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1647 to 1648 .
Paul Cunniffe ( 23 June 1961 -- 11 August 2001 ) was a British - born , Irish singer - songwriter .
Sir Theodore Andrea Cook ( 28 March 1867 -- 16 September 1928 ) was a British art critic and writer .
Adel Rootstein ( 1930 -- 20 September 1992 ) was a British mannequin designer responsible for premium designs that are sold worldwide .
Raja Appana Timmaraja Wodeyar I ( 1433 - 1478 ) , was Raja of Mysore ( r. 1459 - 1478 ) .
Bona Vista ( 1889 - -1909 ) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse .
Vera Griner ( née Alvang ) , was a Russian rhythmitician , born 5 April 1890 in Saint Petersburg , died 24 June 1992 in Moscow .
Vedantam Raghavaiah ( Telugu : వేదాంతం రాఘవయ్య ) ( 1919 - -1971 ) was a veteran Telugu film actor , choreographer , director and producer .
Nino Baragli ( 1 October 1925 -- 29 May 2013 ) was an Italian film editor with more than 200 film credits .
Alexander Ales ( Alesius ) ( 23 April 1500 -- 17 March 1565 ) was a Scottish theologian of the school of Augsburg .
Frederick German Detweiler ( 1881 - 1960 ) was an American sociologist and expert on race relations , best known for his 1922 book The Negro Press in the United States , published by University of Chicago Press .
Hector Harold Whitlock ( 16 December 1903 -- 27 December 1985 ) was an English athlete who competed mainly in the 50 kilometre walk .
Auguste Strobl ( 24 June 1807 - 22 January 1871 , Passau ) was a German beauty of the 19th century .
Ernest Vincent Loney ( born 1882 , died 1951 ) was a British athlete and member of the Birchfield Harriers athletics club .
James Hamilton , 1st Earl of Abercorn PC ( 12 August 1575 -- 23 March 1618 ) was a Scottish peer .
William de Palmorna DD ( also Polmorva ; died 1362 ) was an English medieval churchman , college head , and university chancellor .
Chauncey Rose ( December 24 , 1794 -- August 13 , 1877 ) was a successful American businessman of the 19th century .
Ferdinand Hurter ( 15 March 1844 -- 12 March 1898 ) was a Swiss industrial chemist who settled in England .
Henri Karel Frederik van Teijn ( 28 February 1839 , Dussen - 24 June 1892 , Utrecht ) was a Dutch general , knight and officer in the Military William Order , civil and military governor of Aceh and Dependencies .
Abraham Pether ( 1756 -- 13 April 1812 ) was an English landscape painter , recognised for his skill in depicting moonlit scenes .
Salwa Al Katrib or Salwa Al Qatrib , Salwa Katrib ( 17 September 1953 -- 2 March 2009 ) , was a Lebanese singer best known for her roles in Emerald Princess and Mountain Girl ( Bent Al Jabal ) .
Bill Milroy ( 24 October 1929 -- 21 June 1992 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League .
Geoffrey of Monmouth ( , ) ( c. 1100 -- c. 1155 ) was a Welsh cleric and one of the major figures in the development of British historiography and the popularity of tales of King Arthur .
Sir William Snow Harris ( 1 April 1791 -- 22 January 1867 ) was an English physician and electrical researcher , nicknamed Thunder - and - Lightning Harris , and noted for his invention of a successful system of lightning conductors for ships .
Matthew White Ridley , 3rd Viscount Ridley CBE ( 16 December 1902 -- 25 February 1964 ) was a British peer , landowner , public servant and race car driver .
Louis Sherry ( 1855 in St. Albans , Vermont -- 1926 ) was an important American restaurateur , caterer , confectioner and hotelier during the Gilded Age and early 20th century .
Charlotte Mary Brame ( usually known as Charlotte M. Brame , last name sometimes mistakenly given as Braeme ; appeared under pseudonyms in America , notably Bertha M. Clay , and was sometimes identified by the name of her most famous novel , Dora Thorne ) ( 1 November 1836 -- 25 November 1884 ) was an English novelist .
Thomas Lucas ( c.1720 - 1784 ) MP , was a West India merchant , treasurer of Guy 's Hospital 1764 - 1774 and then president of its board of governors until his death .
Sir Thomas Basil Clarke ( 12 August 1879 -- 12 December 1947 ) was a war correspondent during the First World War and is regarded as the UK 's first public relations professional .
David Owen ( Dewi Wyn o Eifion ) ( 1784 -- 17 January 1841 ) was a Welsh poet and farmer .
Louis Théodore Frederic Colladon ( 25 August 1792 , Geneva -- 25 April 1862 ) was a Swiss physician and botanist known for his investigations of the plant genus Cassia .
John Henry Miller ( 1702 Waldeck , Germany -- 31 March 1782 Bethlehem , Pennsylvania ) was a printer and publisher who worked in the Thirteen colonies , most notably for Benjamin Franklin and William Bradford .
Hugh Howard ( 7 February 1675 -- 17 March 1737 ) was a portrait - painter and collector of works of art from Dublin .
Frank Englefield ( August 1878 -- 1945 ) was an English professional footballer who played for Southampton in the late 1890s , generally at outside - left although his only Southern League appearance came at left - half .
Baron Harwood ( 14 August 1852 -- 16 December 1915 ) was an English cricketer active in 1877 who played for Lancashire .
Rama Varma XII ( died June 1844 ) was an Indian monarch who ruled the Kingdom of Cochin from 1837 to 1844 .
Robert Domany ( also spelled Domani ; 16 February 1908 -- 3 March 1942 ) was Croatian Partisan and a People 's Hero of Yugoslavia .
Peter Hussing ( 15 May 1948 -- 8 September 2012 ) was a West German heavyweight boxing champion .
Phan Phu Tiên ( chữ Hán : 潘孚先 , 1370 - 1482 ) , was a Vietnamese scholar - official and historian .
Radhames Aracena ( 13 May 1930 -- 11 December 1999 ) , was a Dominican radio host , music producer and businessman who helped change the musical landscape of the Caribbean island during and after Rafael Trujillo 's dictatorship .
Milan Svoboda ( 22 August 1939 - 22 July 2004 in Prague ) was a Czechoslovak slalom canoeist who competed in the late 1960s and the early 1970s .
Bill Hogarth ( died 13 May 1973 ) was General Secretary of the National Union of Seamen , elected in 1962 .
Fritz Hagmann ( 28 March 1901 -- 14 December 1974 ) was a Swiss freestyle wrestler and Olympic champion .
James Pattison Cockburn ( 18 March 1779 -- 18 March 1847 ) was an artist , author and military officer .
Çelebi Ismail Pasha ( died November or December 1702 ) was an Ottoman statesman who held various administrative roles in his career as a high - level official in the Ottoman government .
Dolores B. Harding ( née Mantey ; 1936 - -30 November 2012 ) , known professionally as Dolores Mantez , was a British television actress of the 1960s and early 1970s , best known for her appearances in Gerry Anderson 's science - fiction TV series UFO .
Benjamin Guy Babington ( 5 March 1794 -- 8 April 1866 ) was an English physician and epidemiologist .
Laura Honey ( born Laura Young ) ( 1816 - 1843 ) was a British actress and singer .
Stafford Bullen ( 20 March 1925 , Bathurst , New South Wales - November 2001 , Sydney ) was a circus proprietor and co - founder of the African Lion Safari , Warragamba .
Leonard Hobart Park Honan ( 17 September 1928 -- 27 September 2014 ) was an American academic and author who spent most of his career in the UK .
Nanmadaw Me Nu ( Burmese : နန်းမတော် မယ်နု , pronounced : ( náɴmədɔ̀ mɛ̀ nṵ ) ; 18 June 1783 -- 12 May 1840 ) was the chief queen of King Bagyidaw of Konbaung dynasty of Burma from 1819 to 1837 .
Amar Goswami ( Hindi : अमर गोस्वामी ; 28 November 1945 -- 26 June 2012 ) was a senior journalist and one of the prominent fiction writers of Hindi literature .
Élie , Count de Lastours ( 12 August 1874 -- 18 November 1932 ) was a French fencer and tennis player .
Richard Davison ( 1796 -- 20 February 1869 ) was a Belfast solicitor and Conservative politician .
Israel Lewy ( 7 January 1841 - 8 September 1917 ) was a German - Jewish scholar .
Gyula Pálóczi ( 13 September 1962 -- 28 January 2009 ) was a Hungarian athlete who specialized in the long jump and triple jump .
Gertrude Chataway ( 1866 - -1951 ) was the most important child - friend in the life of the author Lewis Carroll , after Alice Liddell .
Conrad Gauthier ( 8 August 1885 - 14 February 1964 ) was a singer - songwriter , actor , singer and folklorist from Quebec .
William Henry Clegg was the first Governor of the South African Reserve Bank from 17 December 1920 until 31 December 1931 .
Karl Sesta ( 18 March 1906 -- 12 July 1974 ) was a footballer who represented both the Austrian and German national sides .
Hildebrand Gurlitt ( 15 September 1895 -- 9 November 1956 ) was a German art dealer and art historian who traded in `` degenerate art '' during the Nazi era .
William Samuel Furneaux ( 2 June 1855 , Devonport -- 1940 ) was a British science teacher and nature writer .
Ivan Graziani ( 6 October 1945 -- 1 January 1997 ) was an Italian singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Willie Denson ( Columbus , Georgia , 23 November 1936 - 1 July 2006 ) was an American songwriter , most notably for the Shirelles , and a singer under the name Denny Denson .
Bouvier Beale ( 13 February 1922 -- 3 May 1994 ) was a prominent American lawyer .
Jacques Keyser ( 12 October 1885 -- 21 March 1954 ) was a middle - distance runner .
Arild Brinchmann ( 31 January 1922 -- 9 October 1986 ) was a Norwegian stage producer , film producer and theatre director .
Gianstefano Ferrero ( 1474 - -1510 ) ( called the Cardinal of Bologna ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Muhammad Nimr al - Khatib ( 1918 -- 15 November 2010 ) was a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood and a pro - Husayni head of the Arab Higher Committee in Haifa during the 1947 - -1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine .
A. A. Rahim ( 7 February 1920 -- 31 August 1995 ) was an Indian politician , freedom fighter and Union Minister .
William A. Thompson ( born December 16 , 1864 in Greenwich , New York -- 1925 ) was an engineer with the United States Army Corps of Engineers who managed improvements on the Mississippi River .
Roy Healy ( 1915 - -1968 ) was an American rocket scientist .
Idel Ianchelevici ( 5 May 1909 -- 28 June 1994 ) was a Russian - born Romanian and Belgian sculptor and draughtsman .
Camillo Cortellini ( 24 January 1561 - -12/13 February 1630 ) was an Italian composer , singer , and violinist .
Francisco Menéndez Márquez y Posada ( died 1649 ) was a royal treasurer ( teosoro real ) and interim co - governor of Spanish Florida , and the founder of a cattle ranching enterprise that became the largest in Florida .
Ernst Schlange ( September 1 , 1888 -- † 1947 ) was a Nazi German politician , Gauleiter of Berlin - Brandenburg and a member of the Prussian Landtag .
Carlo Cremonesi ( 4 November 1866 -- 25 November 1943 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Territorial Prelate of Pompei from 1926 to 1928 , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1935 .
Edward Rapallo ( 1 March 1914 -- 6 February 1984 ) was the first Gibraltarian Roman Catholic Bishop of Gibraltar .
Nathan Ausubel ( 1898 - -1986 ) was an American historian , folklorist and humorist .
Augustine Ukattah ( August 28 , 1918 -- January 27 , 1996 ) was a Nigerian teacher and politician .
Jalal al - Din Mirza ( Persian : جلال الدین میرزا‎‎ ; 1827 - 1872 ) was an Iranian historian and freethinker , born in Tehran .
Louis Charles Roudanez , M.D. ( 1823 - 1890 ) was an American physician and the founder of the first black daily newspaper in the United States .
Robert Pashley ( 4 September 1805 -- 29 May 1859 ) was a 19th - century English traveller and economist .
Bernhard Joos ( 18 December 1899 Schaffhausen , Switzerland - 8 June 1990 Paradiso , Switzerland ) , was the son of Dr. Bernhard Joos and Olga Sturzenegger .
Louis de Sabran or Lewis Sabran ( 1 March 1652 - -22 January 1732 ) was a French Jesuit .
Eliza Tibbets ( born Eliza Maria Lovell ; 1823 - -1898 ) was among early American settlers and founders of Riverside , California ; she was an activist in Washington , DC for progressive social causes , including freedmen 's rights and universal suffrage before going to the West Coast .
Sir Marc Isambard Brunel , FRS FRSE ( 25 April 1769 -- 12 December 1849 ) was a French - born engineer who settled in England .
Fritz Cronman ( c. 1640 - c. 1680 ) was a Major for the Swedish Empire in the late 17th century , and the Swedish diplomat to the Tsardom of Russia from 1668 to 1669 .
Rijk de Gooyer ( 17 December 1925 -- 2 November 2011 ) was a Dutch Golden Calf- winning actor , writer , comedian and singer .
Arne Rustadstuen ( 14 December 1905 -- 25 April 1978 ) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who competed in nordic combined and cross - country skiing in the 1930s .
Diane Itter ( 1946 - -1989 ) was an American fiber artist .
Domnall mac Taidc Uí Briain ( died 1115 ) , also known as Domnall Ua Briain , Domhnall Ua Briain , and Domhnall mac Taidhg , was the ruler of the Kingdom of the Isles , the Kingdom of Thomond , and perhaps the Kingdom of Dublin as well .
Janusz II of Płock ( pl : Janusz II płocki ; ca . 1455 - 16 February 1495 ) , was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast in the Masovian branch .
Alberto Pestalozza ( 1851 - -8 June 1934 ) composed ( with Carlo Tiochet ) and published a popular Italian song , `` Ciribiribin '' , in 1898 .
Sir Gilbert Gerard , 1st Baronet of Fiskerton ( c. 1632 -- 24 September 1687 ) was an English soldier and politician .
Norodom Kanviman Norleak Tevi ( 1876 - -1912 ) was a Cambodian princess , and the spouse of Sisowath Monivong , whom she married in 1894 , and had seven children .
Thomas Pigot ( Pigott , Piggott ) ( 1657 - -1686 ) was an English cleric , academic and Fellow of the Royal Society .
Victor Bonham - Carter ( 13 December 1913 - 13 March 2007 ) was an English author , farmer and publisher .
Thomas Brightman ( 1562 - -1607 ) was an English clergyman and biblical commentator .
Jacques Le Fèvre ( b. at Lisieux towards the middle of the seventeenth century ; d. 1 July 1716 , at Paris ) was a French Roman Catholic theologian and controversialist .
Roger Sweetman ( 18 August 1874 -- 20 May 1954 ) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician and barrister .
Constantine Podopagouros ( Greek : Κωνσταντῖνος Ποδοπάγουρος ; died 25 August 766 ) was a high - ranking Byzantine official and with his brother Strategios leader of a conspiracy against Emperor Constantine V ( r. 741 - -775 ) .
Erkkara Raman Nambudiri ( 1898 - -1983 ) was a Śrauta High Priest and scholar who helped to revive the ancient Vedam - Yajnam traditions in Kerala , India , that had begun to decline due to the onslaught of Western culture and influence after Indian Independence .
John Faed , R.S.A. ( 31 August 1819 -- 22 October 1902 ) was a Scottish painter .
William Emes ( 1729 or 1730 - -13 March 1803 ) was an English landscape gardener .
Dorothy Cowlin ( 16 August 1911 -- 10 January 2010 ) was a British novelist , poet , newspaper columnist and article writer with strong associations to North Yorkshire .
Marian Kozłowski ( June 6 , 1915 in Poznań -- 1943 in Germany ) was a Polish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1930s .
Karl Burman sen . ( 17 May ( O.S. 5 May ) 1882 -- 10 May 1965 ) was an Estonian and Soviet architect and painter .
Govindasamy Suppiah ( born 17 June 1929 -- 6 December 2012 ) was a Singaporean football referee .
Edmund von Neusser ( 1 December 1852 Swoszowice -- 30 July 1912 , Bad Fischau ) was an Austrian internist of Polish origin .
George Vladimirovitch Shervashidze ( born 1894 in Vladimir , d. 1978 in Sofia ) , titular Prince of Abkhazia from 1968 after the death of his uncle .
Andrew McFarland ( Concord , New Hampshire , 14 July 1817 - Jacksonville , Illinois , 21 November 1891 ) was a United States physician .
Jean - Louis Bonnard ( b. 1 March 1824 at Saint - Christôt - en - Jarret , Diocese of Lyon ; beheaded 1 May 1852 ) was a French Roman Catholic missionary to Vietnam , one of the Martyrs of Vietnam , canonized in 1988 .
Nicholas Hay , 2nd Earl of Erroll ( c. 1436 -- 1470 ) was a Scottish peer .
Sir Francis Windebank ( 1582 -- 1 September 1646 ) was an English politician who was Secretary of State under Charles I.
Lieutenant Colonel Atnafu Abate ( Amharic : አጥናፉ አባተ ; late 1930s -- 1977 ) was an Ethiopian military officer and a leading member of the Derg , the military junta which deposed Emperor Haile Selassie and ruled the country for the next several years .
Lord Module ( 9 November 1974 -- 8 April 1997 ) was a champion New Zealand - bred Standardbred racehorse who raced during the 1970s .
John Johnstone Paterson ( 1886 - -1971 ) was the tai - pan of the Jardine Matheson & Co. and member of the Executive Council and the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Joseph Albert Bélanger ( October 22 , 1922 -- 2005 ) was an Ontario dairy farmer and political figure .
Aisan Daulat Begum ( ? - June , 1505 , other names Ishan Daulat , Isan Daulat ) was the Queen consort of Moghulistan as the first wife and chief consort of Yunus Khan , a descendant of Chaghatai Khan , the second son of Genghis Khan .
Dr. John Fian ( alias Cunninghame ) ( died 16 December 1591 ) was a Scottish schoolmaster and purported warlock .
Frank Devine ( 17 December 1931 -- 3 July 2009 ) was a New Zealand born Australian newspaper editor and journalist .
Percy Elland ( 7 October 1908 - -3 March 1960 ) was an English newspaper editor .
Isac Ludo ( 1894 - -1973 ) was a Romanian writer and political figure .
Robert Mackenzie Johnston F.L.S. , ( 27 November 1843 -- 20 April 1918 ) was a Scottish - Australian statistician and scientist .
William Siborne , Sibourne or Siborn ( 15 October 1797 -- 9 January 1849 ) was a British officer and military historian whose most notable work was a history of the Waterloo Campaign .
Antonio Pío González - Saravia Mollinedo ( b. 11 July 1743 Salamanca - d. 2 December , 1812 Oaxaca de Juarez ) was a Peninsular Spanish noble and Spanish loyalist Lt . General during the Mexican War of Independence .
John Uri Lloyd ( 19 April 1849 -- 9 April 1936 ) was an American pharmacist influential to the development of pharmacognosy , ethnobotany , economic botany , and herbalism .
Ellen Powell Tiberino ( 1937 -- February 28 , 1992 ) was an artist who infused works in the figurative tradition with an African American spirit .
Thomas Reginald Jacques ( 13 January 1894 -- 2 June 1969 ) was an English choral and orchestral conductor .
Archimandrite Leo Garoshka , MIC ( Belarusian : Leў Garoshka , born on 26 February 1911 , Troschitsy , Grodno Region , Russian Empire - died on 8 August 1977 , Paris , France ) was a Belarusian Roman Catholic priest of the Eastern rite , religious and social activist and researcher of the history of religion in Belarus .
Hungerford Dunch ( 20 January 1639 -- 9 November 1680 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 and from 1679 to 1680 .
Frederick Gutheim ( 3 March 1908 -- 2 October 1993 ) was an urban planner and historian , architect , and author .
Mikhail Feofanovich Potapov ( Russian : Михаи́л Феофа́нович Пота́пов , 23 January 1921 - 8 July 1943 ) was a Soviet Red Army artillery captain and commander of an anti - tank artillery battery from the 1188th Anti - Tank Artillery Regiment of the 13th Anti - Tank Artillery Brigade , 2nd Tank Army .
Gardner Murphy ( 1895 - -1979 ) was an American psychologist specialising in social and personality psychology , and parapsychology .
Raimund Schelcher ( 27 March 1910 -- 27 March 1972 ) was a German actor with Tanzanian citizenship who appeared in over 43 films and television programs between 1939 and 1971 .
Edward Alexander Wyon ( 1842 ; London -- 1872 ; Hastings ) was a London architect and poet , descended from the Wyon family of engravers .
Sir Thomas Carew , 1st Baronet ( 1632 -- September 1673 ) of Haccombe , Devon , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1674 .
Sir George Strickland Kingston ( 23 August 1807 -- 26 November 1880 ) arrived in South Australia on the Cygnet in 1836 .
Rabbi Yehuda Kalmen Marlow ( 17 February 1932 -- 23 June 2000 ) was a German - American Hasidic rabbi associated with the Chabad movement .
Philip Mairet ( French : ( mɛʁɛ ) ; full name : Philippe Auguste Mairet ; 1886 - -1975 ) was a designer , writer and journalist .
Denis Lanigan ( 18 May 1874 -- 1 February 1933 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood , Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Matthias Piller ( 1733 - 1788 ) was a Hungarian naturalist , zoologist , botanist and geologist .
Rowland Southern ( 1882 -- 13 December 1935 ) was an English aquatic biologist who specialised in the study of the fresh - water and marine life , particularly segmented worms ( Annelida ) of Ireland .
Sancho Ordóñez ( c. 895 - -929 ) was king of Galicia from 926 and until his death , in 929 .
Ann Glanville ( 1796 - -1880 ) was a Cornishwoman who achieved national celebrity for gig rowing .
Jacob ben Abraham Kahana ( Hebrew : יעקב בן אברהם כהנא‎ ; died 1826 in Vilna ) , a rabbinical author .
By 1573 Tamanaco and his group of natives had become such a problem that reinforcements came from Spain and other Spanish islands in the Caribbean with the sole purpose of taking care of this matter .
Vedanta Desika ( Swami Desikan , Swami Vedanta Desikan , Thoopul Nigamaantha Desikan ) ( 1268 - -1370 ) was a Sri Vaishnava guru and one of the most brilliant stalwarts of Sri Vaishnavism in the post - Ramanuja period .
Yu Cong ( 于琮 ) ( died 881 ) , courtesy name Liyong ( 禮用 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of his brother - in - law Emperor Yizong .
Al Kikume ( 9 October 1894 -- 27 March 1972 ) , born Elmer Kikume Gozier , was an American actor and stuntman of Hawaiian descent .
Antonio Foler ( 1536 - 1616 ) was an Italian painter active mainly in Venice , painting sacred subjects in a late - Renaissance or Mannerist style .
Friedrich Anding ( 26 June 1915 -- 7 February 1996 ) was a German Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II .
Eliza Osgood Vanderbilt Webb , a.k.a . Lila Vanderbilt Webb , ( 1860 - -1936 ) was an American heiress .
Giorgos Kalafatis ( in Greek : Γιώργος Καλαφάτης , 17 March 1890 - 19 February 1964 ) was a Greek football pioneer , player , coach , track and field athlete and the founder of Panathinaikos football club .
Roger Phillips Graham ( 1909 - 1965 ) was an American science fiction writer who most often wrote under the name Rog Phillips , but also used other names .
Thomas Edge ( 1587/88 -- 29 December 1624 ) was an English merchant , whaler , and sealer who worked for the Muscovy Company in the first quarter of the 17th century .
Graham Gilchrist ( 14 August 1932 -- 25 June 2015 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton from 1952 - 1961 .
Ernst Vögelin ( August 10 , 1529 - 1589 ) was a 16th - century German pioneer book printer .
Jack Tinn ( died 13 March 1971 ) was the manager of the English football club Portsmouth F.C. from 1927 - 1947 .
Watseka or Watchekee ( c. 1810 - -1878 ) was a Potawatomi Native American woman , born in Illinois , and named for the heroine of a Potawatomi legend .
Miladin Zarić ( 1889 - 1976 ) was Serbian and later , Yugoslavian teacher .
Luo Wenzao ( alternately : Lou Wenzao , Lo Wen - Tsao , Lo Wenzao , simplified Chinese : 罗文藻 ; traditional Chinese : 羅文藻 ; pinyin : Luō Wénzǎo ) ( 1616 - -1691 ) became the first Chinese priest in 1656 and the first Chinese Bishop in 1685 .
Louis Alexander Fagan ( 7 February 1845 -- 5 January 1903 ) was an Anglo - Italian writer .
Berger Torrissen ( 1901 -- 1991 ) was an American skier who was born in Sørreisa , Norway and emigrated to the United States .
Sarah Stone ( 1760 - -1844 ) , later known as Sarah Smith , was an English natural history illustrator and painter .
Simon Wigg ( 15 October 1960 -- 15 November 2000 ) was a speedway , grasstrack and Longtrack rider who finished runner - up in the Speedway World Championship in 1989 .
Nyala Pema Dündul ( 1816 - -1872 ) , also known as Terton Nyala Pema Duddul , was a teacher of Dzogchen and Tantric Buddhism in Eastern Tibet .
Helen Cresswell ( 11 July 1934 -- 26 September 2005 ) was an English television scriptwriter and author of more than 100 children 's books , best known for comedy and supernatural fiction .
Sir James Baird , 2nd Baronet of Saughtonhall , was born about 1658 , and died in 1715 .
Cao Fang ( 232 - -274 ) , courtesy name Lanqing , was the third emperor of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period .
Seong of Baekje ( also Holy King , died 554 ) ( r. 523 - -554 ) was the 26th king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
James Edwin Duerden or J.E. Duerden M.Sc . , Ph.D. , A.R.C.S. ( 1869 -- 4 September 1937 ) was a British zoologist , who became an international expert on the wool industry .
Bill Tottey ( 6 October 1888 -- 2 September 1943 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne , Richmond and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Richard Lalor Sheil ( 17 August 1791 -- 23 May 1851 ) , Irish politician , writer and orator , was born at Drumdowney , Slieverue , County Kilkenny , Ireland .
Boraides ( Greek : Βοραΐδης , d. 548 ) was a cousin of the Byzantine emperor Justinian I ( r. 527 - -565 ) , better known for his role in ending the Nika riots of 532 .
Urbain Caffi ( 10 January 1917 -- 16 March 1991 ) was an Italian - born French racing cyclist .
Erika Liebman ( 1738 - -1803 ) was a Swedish poet and academic .
Edward Leathes ( born 10 February 1801 , Bury St Edmunds , Suffolk ; died 11 February 1871 , Normanstone , Lowestoft , Suffolk ) was an English cricketer with amateur status who was associated with Suffolk and made his first - class debut in 1830 .
Dr Earle Hackett ( 26 April 1921 -- 5 April 2010 ) was an Australian pathologist and haematologist born in Cork , Ireland , son of a successful General Practitioner .
Antonio da Cividale ( also Antonius de Civitate Austrie ) ( fl . 1392 -- 1421 ) was an Italian composer of the early Quattrocento , at the end of the musical medieval era and beginning of the Renaissance .
Edith Gyömrői Ludowyk ( 8 September 1896 -- 11 February 1987 ) was a Hungarian Jewish psychotherapist , poet and communist .
Mary Beatrice Davidson Kenner ( May 17 , 1912 -- January 13 , 2006 ) was an African - American inventor most noted for her development of the sanitary belt .
Gilbert Toyne ( 23 August 1888 -- 30 July 1983 ) Australian inventor .
James Godby ( fl . 1790 - -1815 ) was an English stipple - engraver , known almost entirely from his works .
Peter Plett ( 29 December 1766 -- 29 March 1823 ) was a German teacher and pioneer of smallpox vaccine from Schleswig - Holstein .
Samuel Somerville Stratton ( 1898 -- 1969 ) served as the eleventh president of Middlebury College , 1943 - 1963 .
Kishori Chand Mitra ( 1822 -- 1873 ) was a writer , civil servant and social worker .
Vincenzo Alessandri ( died 1657 ) was an Italian Knight of Malta who became a buccaneer .
Sir John Stanley , 1st Baronet ( 1663 -- 30 November 1744 ) of Grangegorman , Co. Dublin was an Irish politician .
Phyllis Barclay - Smith ( 1903 -- 2 January 1980 ) was a British ornithologist .
Ladislaus Chernac ( 1742 - -1816 ) was a Hungarian scientist who moved to Deventer in the Netherlands .
Liu Yudi ( 17 September 1923 -- 17 February 2015 ) was a MiG-15 pilot of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China , and a flying ace during the Korean War , with 9 victories .
Arthur John McCormack , CBE , ( 1866−1936 ) was an English businessman and patent holder .
Sir Dudley Digges ( 19 May 1583 -- 18 March 1639 ) was an English diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1610 and 1629 .
Jack Padjan ( 1887 -- 1960 ) , also known as Jack Duane , was an American stunt performer and actor .
Gottlieb Eliel Saarinen ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈeliel ˈsɑːrinen ) ; August 20 , 1873 -- July 1 , 1950 ) was a Finnish architect known for his work with art deco buildings in the early years of the 20th century .
Major - General Philip de Fonblanque DSO ( 16 November 1885 -- 2 July 1940 ) was a senior British officer , who at the start of the Second World War , organised the logistics for the British Expeditionary Force in France and Belgium .
Dato ' Toh Ah Boon ( Chinese : 卓亚文 ; pinyin : Zhuō Yàwén ; 1860 -- 1 April 1932 ) was a Chinese community leader , and one of the biggest landlords in Johor Bahru of his time .
Ernst J. Grube ( 9 May 1932 in Kufstein , Austria − 12 June 2011 in London ) was a German historian of Islamic art and the first curator of the Islamic collection at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
Héctor Manuel Sauceda Gamboa ( died 17 February 2009 ) , commonly referred to by his alias El Karis , was an alleged drug trafficker and high - ranking leader of the Gulf Cartel ( Spanish : Cártel del Golfo ) , a Mexican drug trafficking organization .
Jean - Pierre Chouteau ( 10 October 1758 -- 10 July 1849 ) was a French Creole fur trader , merchant , politician , and slaveholder .
Hans Adam von Schöning ( 1 October 1641 -- 28 August 1696 ) was a Generalfeldmarschall in the service of Brandenburg - Prussia and the Electorate of Saxony .
Sir Eugene Aynsley Goossens ( /ˈɡuːsənz/ ; 26 May 1893 -- 13 June 1962 ) was an English conductor and composer .
Johnny Hassett ( 15 January 1891 -- 24 May 1972 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Theophilus Beckford ( 1935 -- 19 February 2001 ) was a Jamaican pianist and one of the pioneers of Jamaican popular music during the transition from rhythm ' n ' blues to Jamaican ska .
Mariam Vardanian ( also known as Maro Nazarbek ) ( 1864 - 1941 ) was an Armenian political activist and revolutionary in the Russian Empire .
Pehr Hilleström ( 18 November 1732 -- 13 August 1816 ) , was a Swedish artist and from 1794 a professor at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts .
Augustine Lindsell ( died 1634 ) was an English classical scholar and bishop of Hereford .
Edward Smith Deevey , Jr. ( 3 December 1914 -- 29 November 1988 ) , born in Albany , New York , was a prominent American ecologist and paleolimnologist , and an early protégé of G. Evelyn Hutchinson at Yale University .
Dayaram ( Gujarati:દયારામ ) ( 1777 - -1853 ) was a Gujarati poet of medieval Gujarati literature .
Émilien of Nantes ( Latin : Aemilianus ; died c. 725 ) was a French religious leader who was canonized by the church as a martyr for dying in a fight against the Saracens in Burgundy in 725 AD .
Charles Remue ( 15 October 1903 -- 5 February 1971 ) was a Belgian clarinetist , alto saxophone player and bandleader of early jazz , who , while leading a band called Chas .
Daniel Rosolio ( Hebrew : דניאל רוזוליו‎‎ , born 6 May 1927 , died 14 October 2005 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1977 and 1983 .
Péter Máté ( 4 February 1947 -- 9 September 1984 ) was a Hungarian pop singer , composer , and pianist .
John Ashmead ( 1917 - -1992 ) was an American novelist , Naval Intelligence officer , and professor of English .
Septimus Palmer ( 23 August 1858 -- 14 December 1935 ) was an Australian cricketer active from 1879 to 1880 who played for Lancashire .
William Thomas Pritchard ( 13 October 1829 -- 1 November 1907 ) was a British consul and adventurer .
Norwood Russell Hanson ( 1924 - -1967 ) was an American philosopher of science .
Friedrich Wilhelm von Grumbkow ( 4 October 1678 -- 18 March 1739 ) was a Prussian Generalfeldmarschall and statesman .
William Chauncey Kibbe ( 1822 - -1904 ) , California pioneer , third Adjutant General of California that oversaw the California Militia from its beginnings through most of the American Civil War .
John Bernard , Count of Lippe ( 1613 - 1652 ) was a ruling Count of Lippe - Detmold from 1650 until his death .
Gilberto Teodoro , Sr . ( May 7 , 1927 - -February 22 , 2008 ) was a former Social Security System administrator .
Avraham Albert Mandler ( Hebrew : אברהם מנדלר‎ ; 3 May 1929 Linz , Austria -- 13 October 1973 , Sinai , Egypt ) was an Israeli major general .
Julio Sánchez Gardel ( 15 December 1879 in Catamarca- 18 March 1937 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine dramatist and writer .
George Robertson Sinclair ( 28 October 1863 -- 7 February 1917 ) was an English cathedral organist , who served at Truro and Hereford cathedrals .
Jimmy McLuckie ( 2 April 1908 -- 1986 ) was a Scottish professional footballer .
Friedrich von Hügel ( born Friedrich Maria Aloys Franz Karl Freiherr von Hügel , usually known as Baron von Hügel ; 5 May 1852 -- 27 January 1925 ) was an influential Austrian Roman Catholic layman , religious writer , Modernist theologian and Christian apologist .
Celia Fiennes ( 7 June 1662 -- 10 April 1741 ) was an English traveller .
Maureen Pryor ( 23 May 1922 -- 5 May 1977 ) was an Irish - born English character actress who made stage , film and television appearances .
Alfred James Broomhall ( 6 December 1911 -- 11 May 1994 ) , also A. J. Broomhall , was a British Protestant Christian medical missionary to China , and author and historian of the China Inland Mission ( renamed as Overseas Missionary Fellowship in 1964 , known today as OMF International based in Singapore ) .
Gokula or Gokul Singh ( died 1670 AD ) was a Jat zamindar of Tilpat in Haryana , India .
Thomas Parlby ( 1727 - -1802 ) Stone Hall , Stonehouse , in Plymouth `` the big house overlooking Stonehouse Pool '' ( since demolished ) , was a civil engineering contractor described in his obituary in the Gentleman 's Magazine as `` Master Mason of HM Docks '' .
Mieczysław Mackiewicz ( 9 May 1880 near Kowno -- 6 August 1954 in Bangor , Wales ) was a Polish general .
Margaret de Vere ( died 16 June 1398 ) was an English noblewoman , a daughter of John de Vere , 7th Earl of Oxford and his wife Maud de Badlesmere .
Marcel Loncin ( May 20 , 1920 - 1995 ) was a Belgian - born , French chemical engineer who was involved in food engineering throughout his career .
Admiral Alan Gardner , 1st Baron Gardner ( 12 February 1742 -- 1 January 1809 ) was a British Royal Navy officer and peer of the realm .
St George Henry Rathborne ( 26 December 1854 - 16 December 1938 ) , who also wrote as Harrison Adams and many other names , was a prolific American author of boys ' stories and dime novels .
Ludwig Hermann Plate ( 16 August 1862 -- 16 November 1937 ) was a German zoologist and disciple of Ernst Haeckel .
Muhammad Yaqub Nanautawi ( 1833 - 1886 ) - alternately , Nanotvi - was an Indian Islamic scholar , and one of the earliest teachers of Islamic Madrassa in Deoband , famously called Darul - uloom Deoband .
Mirza Nali ( born Mirza Mohammad Nali , Shahzada ( Begzada ) of the Mughal Kingdom 1784 - -1860 ) , was the Crown Prince before Bahadur Shah II . He was the son of Akbar Shah II who became an outlaw after the Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 .
Gypie Mayo ( born John Phillip Cawthra ; 24 July 1951 − 23 October 2013 ) was an English guitarist and songwriter , playing in Dr. Feelgood from 1977 to 1981 , and from 1996 to 2004 in the reborn Yardbirds with Alan Glen .
Thomas Witherow ( 1824 - -1890 ) was an Irish Presbyterian minister and historian .
Élisabeth de Haulteterre ( Hotteterre ) ( fl . 1737 - -1768 ) was a French composer and violinist .
Sir Lionel Tollemache , 2nd Baronet ( 1591 -- 6 September 1640 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1629 .
Gordan Lederer ( 21 April 1958 -- 9 August 1991 ) was a Croatian photographer and Croatian Radiotelevision cameraman killed during the Croatian War of Independence .
Zuo Quan(Chinese : 左权 ; 15 March 1905 -- 2 June 1942 ) , also named Zuo Shuren ( 左叔仁 ) , born in Liling , Hunan , was a general in the Red Army during the Chinese revolution and the war against Japan , and a senior staff officer of the Eighth Route Army .
Abu Nasr Qara Yusuf Nuyan ( died 1420 ) was the ruler of the Kara Koyunlu dynasty ( or `` Black Sheep Turkomans '' ) from c.1388 to 1420 , although his reign was interrupted by Tamerlane 's invasion ( 1400 - -1405 ) .
William Bartlet ( died 1682 ) , was an English independent minister .
During the era of Lotro Gyaltsen the holders of the office were Wangtson ( 1347-c . 1350 ) , Gyalwa Zangpo ( c. 1350 - 1356/58 ) , Namkha Tenpai Gyaltsen ( c. 1357 and c. 1364 ) and Palbum ( ? -1360 ) .
Thomas Magnus ( 1463/4 - -1550 ) was an English churchman , administrator and diplomat .
Sethus Calvisius or Setho Calvisio , originally Seth Kalwitz ( 21 February 1556 -- 24 November 1615 ) , was a German music theorist , composer , chronologer , astronomer , and teacher of the late Renaissance .
Paolo Borroni ( 1749 - -1819 ) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassical style .
Kurt Lipstein QC ( 19 March 1909 -- 2 December 2006 ) was a German - born legal scholar .
Harada Naojirō ( 原田 直次郎 ; 12 October 1863 -- 26 December 1899 ) was a Japanese Western - style painter .
Angelos Messaris ( 1910 - 1978 ) was a Greek footballer .
William Heaton Cooper RA ( 6 October 1903 -- 1995 ) was a notable English impressionistic landscape artist who worked predominantly in watercolours , most famous for his paintings of the Lake District .
Johannes Broene ( 1875 -- 1967 ) was an academic and twice served as president of Calvin College in Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA .
Abraham Israel Pereyra ( Pereira ) was a wealthy and prominent Jewish Portuguese merchant , who lived in Amsterdam from circa 1644 to his death in 1699 .
Richard Warre ( c. 1649 -- January 1730 , Winchester ) was an English civil servant .
Sir William de Montagu , 2nd Earl of Salisbury , 4th Baron Montagu , King of Mann , KG ( 25 June 1328 -- 3 June 1397 ) was an English nobleman and commander in the English army during King Edward III 's French campaigns in the Hundred Years War .
William Lovett ( 8 May 1800 - -8 August 1877 ) was a British activist who was a leader of the political movement Chartism as well being as one of the leading London - based Artisan Radicals of his generation .
Herbert Bamlett ( 1 March 1882 -- October 1941 ) was an English football manager and referee .
Edith Kiel ( 1904 - 1993 ) was a German film producer , screenwriter , editor and director who worked mainly in the Flemish section of the Belgian film industry .
Oliver Norman ( born Ralph Oliver Geoffrey Norman ; July 30 , 1911 -- July 26 , 1983 ) was an English cricketer .
Rigobert Bonne ( 1727 - -1795 ) was one of the most important cartographers of the late 18th century .
Sawai Man Singh II ( Mor Mukut Singh ; 21 August 1912 - -24 June 1970 ) was the last ruling Maharaja of Jaipur State belonging to Kachwaha clan of Rajputs .
Joseph Proudman ( 30 December 1888 -- 26 June 1975 ) , CBE , FRS was a distinguished British mathematician and oceanographer of international repute .
Patrick Murray , 5th Lord Elibank ( 1703 - -1778 ) was a Scottish soldier , lawyer , author and economist .
Egmont von Hosstrup ( born 1 October 1813 in Hamburg , died 1876 ) was a German publisher , theatre director and head of the Hamburger Börsenhalle .
Sam Loco Efe ( 25 December 1945 - 7 August 2011 ) , born Sam Loco Efeeimwonkiyeke in Enugu , was a Nigerian actor and director .
Tommaso degli Stefani ( 1231 - -1310 ) was an Italian artist , working in Naples .
Petar Milutin Kvaternik ( 1 August 1882 -- 10 April 1941 ) was a Croatian politician and brother of Slavko Kvaternik , Minister of the Armed Forces of the Independent State of Croatia .
Larry Ivie ( 1936 - -2014 ) was an American comics artist , writer , and collector who was active in comics fandom in the middle part of the 20th century , described by comics historian Bill Schelly as `` the closest thing to an authority on comics that was available in the 1950 's . ''
Robert Ker , 1st Earl of Roxburghe ( 1570 ? -- 1650 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Wing - tsit Chan ( Chinese : 陳榮捷 ; 18 August 1901 -- 12 August 1994 ) was a Chinese scholar and professor best known for his studies of Chinese philosophy and his translations of Chinese philosophical texts .
William Barton Wright ( 13 November 1828 -- 7 May 1915 ) was a British mechanical engineer and Locomotive Superintendent of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway ( LYR ) from 1875 .
Air Commodore Pamela Joy Tamblin , CB ( 11 January 1926 -- 2015 ) , known as Joy Tamblin , was a senior officer of the Women 's Royal Air Force .
Arne Dørumsgaard ( 7 December 1921 -- 13 March 2006 ) was a Norwegian composer , poet , translator and music collector .
Zhang Zuoxiang,(张作相 ) ( 1881 -- 7 May , 1949 ) was an important member of the Fengtien warlord clique .
Tom Hendry ( 1929 - 2 December 2012 ) was the co - founder of the Manitoba Theatre Centre in 1958 and , in 2008 , the MTC Warehouse Theatre was officially dedicated to Hendry .
Janez Vidic ( 8 February 1923 - 20 May 1996 ) was a Slovene painter and illustrator , best known for his oil paintings of landscapes and people as well as his murals .
Victor Fayod ( 23 November 1860 -- 28 April 1900 ) was a Swiss mycologist , who created an influential novel classification of the agaric fungi and who described a number of new genera and species .
Charles Broadbridge ( christened December 17 , 1798 ; died July 1841 ) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex .
Joshua Trimmer ( 11 July 1795 -- 16 September 1857 ) was an English geologist born at North Cray in Kent .
Julian Fałat , ( 30 July 1853 in Tuligłowy near Lwów - 9 July 1929 in Bystra Śląska ) was one of the most prolific Polish painters of watercolor and one of the country 's foremost landscape painters as well as one of the leading Polish impressionists .
Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna ( 25 April 1919 -- 17 March 1989 ) was a Congress Party leader and former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh ; he later joined Bharatiya Lok Dal and worked with Charan Singh .
Pasha Yiğit Bey or Saruhanli Pasha Yiğit Bey ( Bosnian : Pašait - beg , also Pasaythus or Basaitus d. 1413 ) was an Ottoman civil and military officer at the end of the 14th and beginning of the 15th century .
Frank Harold Taylor died on Long Island , New York , on 7 June 1985 .
Joseph Edwards Carpenter ( 2 November 1813 , London -- 6 May 1885 , Bayswater ) was an English playwright , composer and songwriter .
Djamel El Okbi ( 15 October 1939 -- 15 December 1994 ) was a professional Algerian footballer who played as a Goalkeeper .
Han Dang ( died 227 ) , courtesy name Yigong , was a military general serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han dynasty and the early Three Kingdoms period .
Lieutenant - General Henry George Hart ( 1808 - -1878 ) was a British Army officer who was best known as the author , editor , and proprietor of Hart 's Army List , an unofficial publication recording army service .
Jai Singh Kanheya ( 1712 - -1793 ) was the founder and leader of the Kanheya Misl until his death at the age of 81 .
Colonel Henry John Clements ( 16 July 1781 -- 12 January 1843 ) was an Irish Conservative politician .
Don Goddard ( July 5 , 1904 - -March 20 , 1994 ) was a radio and television announcer and newscaster who later became known for his work with geriatric alcoholism and other addictions .
Reginald Lawrence Knowles ( 11 November 1911 -- 23 December 1995 ) was an English film actor who renamed himself Patric Knowles .
Johann III , Count of Sponheim - Starkenburg , the Older ( b. ca . 1315 -- d. 30 December 1398 ) , reigned over the County of Sponheim for 67 years .
Samuel Maciejowski ( 15 January 1499 -- 26 October 1550 ) was a 16th - century Roman Catholic Bishop of Chełm , Plock and Krakow , in Poland .
Rista Vukanović ( b. Busovina , near Trebinje , Herzegovina , on April 3 , 1873 - d. Paris , January 7 , 1918 ) was a Serbian Impressionist painter and husband of painter Beta Vukanović .
John Gorell Barnes , 1st Baron Gorell PC QC ( 16 May 1848 - 22 April 1913 ) , was a British lawyer and judge .
Kenneth Partridge ( 24 August 1926 -- 7 December 2015 ) was an English interior designer , who created homes for two of the Beatles , and showrooms for fashion designers Hardy Amies and Norman Hartnell .
Joshua Houston ( 1822 - -1902 ) was born into slavery in 1822 on the Perry County , Alabama plantation owned by Temple Lea and Nancy Moffette Lea , parents of Margaret Lea Houston .
The Rev Elder Jean White ( died 8 November 2010 ) was the founding pastor within the Metropolitan Community Church ( MCC ) in London .
The singer and composer Carsten Woll ( 1885 - 1962 ) was born in Oslo , Norway .
Muhammad ibn Abi'l - Saj , also known as Muhammad al - Afshin ( died 901 ) , an Iranian appointed general of al - Mu'tadid , was the first Sajid amir of Azerbaijan , from 889 or 890 until his death .
Owen Sergeson `` Mike '' Connelly Jr. ( 29 January 1924 -- 12 July 2011 ) , who published as Owen Connelly , was an American historian who specialized in military history , especially the Napoleonic wars .
Marguerite Bertsch ( born December 14 , 1889 ; died 1967 ) was an American screenwriter and film director who worked in the early days of film .
Mohammed Taha Mohammed Ahmed ( Arabic : محمد طه محمد أحمد‎ ) ( died 6 September 2006 ) was a Sudanese journalist and editor of the newspaper Al - Wifaq .
John Edgar McFadyen B. A. ( Oxon ) , M. A. , D. D. ( 17 July 1870 -- 1933 ) a Scottish theologian , was professor of language , literature and Old Testament theology in the University of Glasgow .
Sir Dimitri Obolensky FBA ( St Petersburg 19 March/1 April 1918 -- Burford , Oxfordshire 23 December 2001 ) was a Russian - born historian who settled in Britain and became Professor of Russian and Balkan History at the University of Oxford and the author of various historical works .
Yujiulü Tuhezhen ( Chinese : 郁久閭吐賀真 ; pinyin : Yùjiǔlǘ Tǔhèzhēn ) was khan of the Rouran from September 444 to 464 ) with the title of Chu Khan ( 處可汗 ) .
George Henry Strutt DL ( 14 September 1826 -- 14 April 1895 ) was an English cotton manufacturer and philanthropist .
Pradyumansinhji Lakhajirajsinhji ( 24 February 1913 -- 9 November 1973 ) , the 14th Thakore Saheb of Rajkot , was an Indian nobleman , who was ruler of the princely state of Rajkot from June 1940 until the abolition of princely titles in 1971 .
Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi ( Urdu : شوکت حسین رضوی‎ ; 1914 - -1999 ) was a pioneer of the Pakistani film industry .
Roy Tattersall ( 17 August 1922 -- 9 December 2011 ) was an English cricketer who played for Lancashire and played sixteen Tests for England as a specialist off spin bowler .
Henry Pole , 1st Baron Montagu ( also written Montague or Montacute ; born circa 1492 -- died 9 January 1539 ) , the only holder of the title Baron Montagu under its 1514 creation , was one of the relatives King Henry VIII of England had executed for treason .
Helenard Joe Hendrickse ( 22 October 1927 -- 16 March 2005 ) , popularly known as Allan Hendrickse , was a South African politician , Congregationalist minister , and teacher .
Celestino Piaggio ( 20 December 1886 - 26 October 1931 ) was an Argentine pianist , conductor and composer .
Ben Caunt ( 22 March 1815 -- 10 September 1861 ) was a 19th - century English bare - knuckle boxer who became the `` heavyweight '' boxing champion known as the `` Torkard Giant '' and `` Big Ben '' .
John Henry Mole ( 1814 - -1886 ) was an artist from Alnwick , Northumberland , in the north of England .
Willem Nieupoort ( 30 January 1607 , in Schiedam -- 2 May 1678 , in The Hague ) was a Dutch States Party politician , ambassador to the Commonwealth of England for the Dutch Republic and commissioner in the Dutch delegation that negotiated the Treaty of Westminster ( 1654 ) after the First Anglo - Dutch War .
G. S. Jayanath ( Sinhalese : G. S. ජයනාත් , died 4 December 1997 ) , was a Major in the Sri Lanka Army and a member of the army 's elite Commando Regiment .
Ramnidhi Gupta ( Bengali : রামনিধি গুপ্ত ) ( 1741 - -1839 ) , commonly known as Nidhu Babu , is one of the great reformers of Bengali tappā music .
Peter Love ( died 1610 ) was an English pirate , said to have been born in Lewes , Sussex .
Zenel Gjoleka ( died 1852 ) was an Albanian revolutionary famous for his role in Albanian revolt of 1847 also known as Zenel Gjoleka revolt .
Jean Chassagne ( 26 July 1881 La Croisille - sur - Briance -- 13 April 1947 ) was a pioneer submariner , aviator and French racecar driver active 1906 - 1930 .
Ernest Stafford Carlos ( 1883 - -1917 ) was a British painter and war artist .
Sun Ru ( 孫儒 ) ( died July 3 , 892 ) , formally the Prince of Le'an ( 樂安王 ) , was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who initially served as a general under the pretender emperor Qin Zongquan .
Sri Lankabhimanya Lakshman Kadirgamar , PC ( Tamil : லக்ஷமன் கதிர்காமர்,Sinhalese : ලක්ශමන් කදිර්ගාමර්;12 April 1932 -- 12 August 2005 ) was a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer and statesmen .
General Algernon Seymour , 7th Duke of Somerset ( 11 November 1684 -- 7 February 1750 ) , styled Earl of Hertford until 1748 , of Petworth House in Sussex , was a British soldier , politician and landowner .
Rolf Hassler ( 1914 - 1984 ) was a German pathologist who made important discoveries on the pathophisiology and treatment of Parkinson 's disease ( PD ) .
Dr. Nancy Kirk ( 1916 - 2005 ) was a British geologist who developing original theories regarding the life habits of graptolites .
Nichirō ( 日朗 , 1245 - -1320 ) was a Buddhist disciple of Nichiren , the nephew of Nisshō .
István Antos ( 25 June 1908 , Trnava - 5 January 1960 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Finance from 1957 until his death .
Sultan Muhammad Zahir ud - din better known as well Mirza Mughal ( 1232 A.H/1817 - - Tuesday , 2 Safar , 1274 A.H/22 September 1857 ) was a Mughal prince .
Beulah H. Brown ( 1892 - -1987 ) , a.k.a . Beulah Elizabeth Hazelrigg Brown , was a Hoosier artist and designer who married one of the Midwest 's best known and stylistically expansive Impressionist artists , Francis Focer Brown .
Sir Charles Cameron , 1st Baronet ( 18 December 1841 -- 2 October 1924 ) was a Scottish doctor , newspaper editor and Liberal politician .
Frank Goodman ( 5 May 2016 in New York City -- 3 February 2006 in Manhattan ) was an American Broadway theatre publicist .
Subrata Mitra ( Bengali : সুব্রত মিত্র , 12 October 1930 -- 7 December 2001 ) was an Indian cinematographer .
Trevor Victor Norman Fortescue , CBE ( 28 August 1916 -- 29 September 2008 ) , known as Tim Fortescue , was a British politician .
Vinayaka Krishna Gokak ( Kannada : ವಿನಾಯಕ ಕೃಷ್ಣ ಗೋಕಾಕ ; 9 August 1909 -- 28 April 1992 ) was a major writer in the Kannada language and a scholar of English and Kannada literatures .
Adolf Ivar Arwidsson ( 7 August 1791 -- 21 June 1858 ) was a Finnish political journalist , writer and historian .
Edmund Francis Law , usually referred to as ' E F Law ' , ( 26 April 1810 - -14 April 1882 , Northampton ) FRIBA was a British architect during the 19th century , notable for a large number of projects , particularly restorations , in the counties of Northamptonshire , Leicestershire and Rutland .
Joseph Mosenthal ( 30 November 1834 -- 6 January 1896 ) was a German - American musician , born at Kassel .
Sir Albion Rajkumar Banerjee CSI CIE ( 10 October 1871 -- 25 February 1950 ) was an Indian civil servant and administrator who served as the Diwan of Cochin from 1907 to 1914 , Diwan of Mysore kingdom from 1922 to 1926 and as Prime Minister of Kashmir from 1927 to 1929 .
John Elphinstone , 13th Lord Elphinstone and 1st Baron Elphinstone GCB GCH PC ( 23 June 1807 -- 19 July 1860 ) was a Scottish soldier , politician and colonial administrator .
Teodoro Valfre di Bonzo J.C.D. S.T.D. ( 21 August 1853 - 25 June 1922 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was former Prefect of Sacred Congregation of Religious .
Gary McBride ( 15 March 1980 -- 18 December 2009 ) was a professional rugby league footballer who played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons .
John Lessels ( 9 January 1809 -- 12 November 1883 ) was a Scottish architect and artist , notably active in Edinburgh and also the Scottish Borders ( he was responsible for numerous buildings and alteration projects in Berwickshire ) .
Arwald ( died 686 CE ) was the last Jutish King of the Isle of Wight and last pagan king in Anglo - Saxon England until the Vikings in the 9th century .
Anthony Ashley - Cooper , 10th Earl of Shaftesbury ( 22 May 1938 -- c. 5 November 2004 ) , styled Lord Ashley between 1947 and 1961 , and Earl of Shaftesbury from 1961 until his death , was a British peer from Wimborne St Giles , Dorset , located in South West England .
Humphrey III de Bohun ( before 1144 -- ? December 1181 ) was an Anglo - Norman nobleman and general who served Henry II as Constable .
Johann Dick ( 23 March 1927 -- 18 September 1986 ) was a citizen of West Germany who was shot and killed on the Czechoslovakian border by soldiers from Czechoslovakian Border Guard ( Pohraniční stráž ) .
Queen Inhyeon ( Hangul : 인현왕후 , Hanja : 仁顯王后 ) ( 15 May 1667 -- 16 September 1701 ) was the second Queen consort of King Sukjong of Joseon and one of the best known Queens of the Joseon Dynasty .
Dorotea Bucca ( 1360 - -1436 ) ( also Dorotea Bocchi ) was an Italian physician .
William Aspley ( died 1640 ) was a London publisher of the Elizabethan , Jacobean , and Caroline eras .
Alfred Eriksen ( nicknamed `` Karlsøypresten '' , 30 August 1864 -- 4 May 1934 ) was a Norwegian priest , politician , newspaper editor and non - fiction writer .
Sir ( John ) Mostyn Hanger KBE ( 3 January 1908 -- 11 August 1980 ) was a judge in the Australian state of Queensland , rising to become Chief Justice and Administrator of the state .
Lloyd Hahn ( August 7 , 1898 -- January 1983 ) was an American runner who competed at the 1924 and 1928 Olympics .
James Clark , Jr OBE ( 4 March 1936 -- 7 April 1968 ) , known as Jim Clark , was a British Formula One racing driver from Scotland , who won two World Championships , in 1963 and 1965 .
Marjory Bates Pratt ( 16 July 1896 -- 7 July 1992 ) was an American psychologist and poet .
Josiah Blackburn ( 6 March 1823 -- 11 Nov. 1890 ) was a London born and educated journalist who emigrated to Canada West in 1850 .
August Onsrud ( 19 October 1885 -- 4 October 1945 ) was a Norwegian sports shooter .
Zerezindo ( 533/34 -- 30 July 578 ) was a Visigothic dux ( duke ) , probably of Baetica , where he was buried .
Louis Berkhof ( October 14 1873 -- May 18 1957 ) was an American - Dutch Reformed theologian whose works on systematic theology have been influential in seminaries and Bible colleges in the United States and Canada and with individual Christians in general throughout the 20th century .
Malik Bendjelloul ( Arabic : مالك بن جلول‎ ; 14 September 1977 -- 13 May 2014 ) was a Swedish documentary filmmaker , journalist and former child actor .
Xu Zhonglin ( Chinese : 許仲琳 ; died 1560 ) was a Chinese writer who lived in the Ming Dynasty .
Sir Thomas Shirley , 1st Baronet ( 30 December 1727 -- 18 February 1800 ) was a British colonial governor and military officer .
Andrés López Polanco , ( died 1641 ) was a Spanish Baroque painter specializing in portraits .
Cosijoeza or Cocijoeza ( Zapotec : Gzio'za'a ) was the fourth ruler of the Zapotec kingdom of Zaachila from 1487 until his death in 1529 .
Philippe de Carteret II , 3rd Seigneur of Sark ( 18 February 1584 -- 22 August 1643 ) was the son of Philippe de Carteret I ( 1552 - -1594 ) and Rachel Poulet ( 1564 - -1650 ) .
Mushir - ul - Haq was Vice Chancellor of Kashmir University and was murdered in Srinagar in 1990 .
Remigio Cantagallina ( c. 1582 - -1656 ) was an Italian etcher active in the Baroque period .
James Nalton ( 1600?--1662 ) was an English Presbyterian minister , known as `` the weeping prophet '' .
George Faulkner ( c. 1703 -- 30 August 1775 ) was one of the most important Irish publisher and booksellers .
Pavle Savić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Павле Савић ; 10 January 1909 -- 30 May 1994 ) was a Serbian physicist and chemist .
Antoine Bouzonnet - Stella ( 1634 - -1682 ) was a French painter and printmaker , a pupil and nephew of Jacques Stella .
Marie Jeanne Clemens ( née Crévoisier , 16 November 1755 -- 20 March 1791 ) was a French - Danish artist ; engraver and pastell painter .
George Ring ( born 9 April 1770 at Darenth , Dartford , Kent ; died 4 May 1865 at Bethersden , Kent ) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1796 .
Antonio Ansola Arrieta ( 17 January 1931 -- 2 December 2013 ) was a Spanish footballer who played as a Defender .
Thomas Levett ( 1594 -- ca . 1655 ) , was an Oxford - educated Lincoln 's Inn barrister , judge of the Admiralty for the Northern Counties and High Sheriff of Rutland .
Evlogi Georgiev ( Bulgarian : Евлоги Георгиев ) ( 3 October 1819 -- 5 July 1897 ) was a major Bulgarian merchant , banker and benefactor .
Chester Loomis ( December 25 , 1789 -- December 18 , 1873 ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
Warren C. White ( 1859 - -1915 ) was the mayor of Cumberland , Maryland , USA , from 1900 - 1904 .
Everley Gregg ( 26 October 1903 , Bishopstoke , Hampshire , England -- 9 June 1959 , Beaconsfield , Buckinghamshire , England ) was an English actress .
Anthonius Triest ( in Dutch sometimes Antoon ; in French Antoine ) ( 1576 - -28 May 1657 ) , was the fifth bishop of Bruges and the seventh bishop of Ghent .
Lew Dietz ( 22 May 1907 -- 27 April 1997 ) was an American writer , much of whose work centered on his native Maine .
George Bardanes ( Greek : Γεώργιος Βαρδάνης , died . ca . 1240 ) was a Byzantine churchman and theologian from Athens .
Barbara Goette ( 26 July 1908 -- 23 October 1997 ) was an academic who lived in Germany and then Australia .
İsmet Kotak ( 1939 -- 11 September 2011 ) was a Turkish Cypriot politician , public administrator , journalist and columnist .
Seniha Sultan ( 22 November 1852 - 15 September 1931 ) was an Ottoman princess , the daughter of Sultan Abdülmecid I and his wife Nalanıdil Hanımefendi , the daughter of Prince Natıkhu Bey Çıpakue .
Hans Zatzka ( 8 March 1859 -- 17 December 1945 ( or 1949 ) ) was an Austrian Academic and fantasy painter .
Vulcacius Rufinus ( died 368 ) was a Roman politician , related to the Constantinian dynasty .
Adrián de Moxica ( 1453 -- c. 1499 ) was a Spanish nobleman and explorer .
Lambert - Sigisbert Adam ( 10 October 1700 -- 12 May 1759 ) , French sculptor , known as Adam l’aîné ( `` the elder '' ) to distinguish him from his two sculptor brothers , was born in Nancy , the eldest son of sculptor Jacob - Sigisbert Adam .
Florence Avril Angers ( 18 April 1918 -- 9 November 2005 ) was an English stand up comedienne and actress .
Dr. Jorge García Montes y Hernandez ( April 23 , 1896 in New York City , New York - 1982 ) was a Cuban lawyer and politician .
Mark Jeffrey ( 1825 - 1903 ) Mark Jeffery ( or `` Big Mark '' ) was an English convict who departed England on the 12th of December 1849 and arrived in Australia on the 30th of April 1850 .
John Bluett ( 1603 - 28 November 1634 ) of Holcombe Court , lord of the manor of Holcombe Rogus in Devon , was MP for Tiverton from 1628 to 1629 when King Charles I embarked on his Personal Rule without parliament for eleven years .
Henry Needler ( 1685 - -1760 ) was a British musician and prolific music transcriber .
Empress Wang Fahui ( 王法慧 ) ( 360 - -380 ) , formally Empress Xiaowuding ( 孝武定皇后 , literally `` the filial , martial , and quieting empress '' ) was an empress during Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) .
Sir John Yeamans , 1st Baronet ( 1611 - -1674 ) was an English colonial administrator described in his day as `` a pirate ashore '' .
Vilhelm Krag ( 24 December 1871 -- 10 July 1933 ) was a Norwegian poet , author , journalist and cultural personality .
John Maxwell - Barry , 5th Baron Farnham PC ( Ire ) ( 18 January 1767 -- 20 September 1838 ) was an Irish Representative peer and politician .
Thomas W. Koon ( 1870 - -1946 ) was a local physician in the city of Cumberland , Maryland who served as Mayor of Cumberland from 1914 to 1932 .
Herleva ( c. 1003 -- c. 1050 ) also known as Herleve , Arlette , Arletta and Arlotte , and Harlette had three sons --
Edmund Jennings ( 1626 - September 1691 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1691 .
Richard Milbourne ( died 1624 ) was an English bishop .
Anna - Kajsa Norman ( 1820 - -1903 ) , known as Spel - Stina or Spelstina ( Playing Stina ) , was a Swedish folk musician , a spelman ( violinist ) , and a composer .
Admiral Sir George Henry Richards , KCB FRS ( 13 January 1820 -- 14 November 1896 ) was Hydrographer to the British Admiralty from 1864 to 1874 .
José Luis Garza Rodríguez ( 4 November 1961 -- 8 October 2008 ) of Juárez , Nuevo León , Mexico , was , at the time of his death , one of the world 's heaviest people , with a total weight of 449 kg ( 990 lb ) .
Richard Brandon ( died 20 June 1649 ) was a 17th - century English hangman who inherited his role from his father Gregory Brandon and was sometimes known as `` Young Gregory '' .
Dragan Mance ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Манце ; 26 September 1962 -- 3 September 1985 ) was a Yugoslav professional footballer who played as a striker .
Nonie Lynch , born Nonie Crawford ( February 1910 -- 29 September 2011 ) , was an Irish traditional singer out of County Clare .
Lubor Těhník ( 12 December 1926 - 3 March 1987 ) was a Czech ceramist .
Tobias Rustat ( 1606?--1694 ) was a servant to Charles II and benefactor of the University of Cambridge .
Thomas Ingersoll ( 1749 - -1812 ) was an early settler in Upper Canada , later Ontario .
Budugen ( died 233 ) was the territorial chief of the Xianbei tribe during the late Han Dynasty and Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history .
Elsie Lower Pomeroy ( 1882 - 1971 ) was an artist most closely associated with the American Scene Painting movement and specifically California Regionalism or California Scene Painting .
Ruud van Hemert ( 29 October 1938 -- 5 July 2012 ) was a Dutch film director known especially for ( dark ) comedy .
Leo Kalmet ( 2 March 1900 , Orajõe parish , Pärnu - 16 September 1975 , Tallinn ) , was an Estonian theatrical director .
Archduchess Gregoria Maximiliana of Austria ( 22 May 1581 -- 20 September 1597 ) was a member of the House of Habsburg .
Princess Amelia of the United Kingdom ( 7 August 1783 -- 2 November 1810 ) was a member of the British Royal Family .
Johannes Jacob Wecker ( Basel , 1528 - 1586 ) was a Swiss physician and philosopher .
Michele Sanmicheli ( also spelled Sanmmicheli , Sanmichele or Sammichele ) ( 1484 - -1559 ) , was a Venetian architect and urban planner of Mannerist - style , among the greatest of his era .
Eric Tonkin ( 11 January 1894 -- 10 December 1958 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Joseph Napier , 2nd Baronet ( 28 May 1841 -- 13 November 1884 ) was an Irish Captain 23rd Royal Welch Fusiliers .
Adolfo Veber Tkalčević ( Bakar , 11 May 1825 - Zagreb , 6 August 1889 ) , was a Croatian philologist , writer , literary critic and aestheticist .
Jane Lee ( 1912 - 17 March 1957 ) was a child star in silent motion pictures beginning in 1914 .
Albertas Manvydas or Albertas Vaitiekus Manvydas ( Polish : Wojciech Moniwid ) ( died in 1423 ) was a Lithuanian noble , the first Voivode of Vilnius and founder of the Manvydai family .
C. J. Thomas ( 1918 - 1960 ) was a Malayalam playwright and literary critic .
Adolf Piltz ( 8 December 1855 -- 1940 ) was a German mathematician who contributed to number theory .
Richard Sleech D.D. ( d. 2 March 1730 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1722 - 1730
Kathryn Findlay ( 26 January 1953 - 10 January 2014 ) was a British architect , born in Scotland , who spent 20 years working in Japan .
Robert Perron ( 18 August 1915 -- 11 October 1982 ) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons and a lawyer .
Pupella Maggio born Giustina Maggio ( 24 April 1910 -- 8 December 1999 ) was an Italian film actress .
Percy E. Foxworth ( 1906 - 1943 ) served as chief of the FBI 's Special Intelligence Service ( SIS ) and as principal liaison with British Security Coordination ( BSC ) .
Mary Esther Harding ( 1888 - -1971 ) was an American Jungian analyst who was the first significant Jungian psychoanalyst in the United States .
Thomas Otho Travers ( 25 September 1785 -- 9 July 1844 ) was a soldier and a friend of ( and later aide - de - camp to ) Stamford Raffles .
Andrew Yarranton ( 1619 - -1684 ) was an important English engineer in the 17th century who was responsible for making several rivers into navigable waterways .
Charles Angoff ( April 22 , 1902 -- May 3 , 1979 ) was a managing editor of the American Mercury magazine as well as a professor of English of Fairleigh Dickinson University .
Eusapia Palladino ( alternate spelling : Paladino ; 21 January 1854 -- 16 May 1918 ) was an Italian Spiritualist physical medium .
William Davies Shipley ( 5 October 1745 ( OS ) -- 7 May 1826 ) was an Anglican priest who served as Dean of St Asaph for nearly 52 years , from 27 May 1774 until his death .
Ella Trout ( 16 February 1896 -- 16 June 1952 ) of Hallsands , Devon , England , helped rescue nine men from a sinking ship .
John Arundell , 2nd Baron Arundell of Trerice ( 1649 - 21 June 1698 ) of Trerice , Cornwall , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1666 and 1687 when he inherited his peerage .
Lady Eleanor de Bohun ( c. 1366 -- 3 October 1399 ) was the elder daughter and co - heiress with her sister , Mary de Bohun , of their father Humphrey de Bohun , 7th Earl of Hereford ( 1341 - -1373 ) .
Peter II , Grand Duke of Oldenburg ( German : Nikolaus Friedrich Peter ) ( 8 July 1827 - -13 June 1900 ) was the Grand Duke of Oldenburg from 1853 to 1900 .
Sylvanus Wood ( 1604 -- November 1675 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1654 .
Benjamin Pulleyn ( /ˈpʊlɪn/ ; died 1690 ) was the Cambridge tutor of Isaac Newton .
Victor Buerger ( Berger ) ( 29 January 1904 , in Nikolaev , Ukraine ( then Russian Empire ) -- 1996 , UK ) was a Ukrainian--
Florent Prévost ( 1794 -- 1 February 1870 ) was a French naturalist and illustrator .
James Monte Maloney , known as Jimmy Joy ( 20 April 1902 -- 7 March 1962 ) , was an American saxophonist , clarinetist , singer , and big band leader .
Paturi Rajagopala Naidu , better known as Rajanna ( 7 November 1900 - -21 October 1995 ) , was an Indian freedom fighter , parliamentarian , and kisan ( farmer ) leader .
Mordaunt Roger Barnard , Rev. ( 22 December 1828 -- 2 July 1906 ) was a Church of England clergyman and translator of works from Scandinavian languages .
Hazrat Khwaja Sayyid Mir Jan Shah Saheb ibn Hasan Kabuli - Naqshbandi(Arabic:سيد مير جان شاه صاحب ابن حسن كابلى-نقشبندى ) ( born in Kabul , Afghanistan in year 1800 , died in year 1901 in Lahore ) is an Afghan Sufi saint from Kabul .
Thomas Slythurst ( died 1560 ) was an English academic and Roman Catholic priest .
Hans Skarphagen ( 8 September 1888 -- February 1971 ) was a Norwegian engineer and NS politician .
Jean Bouguer ( or Jan Bouguer ; pronounced boo - GAYR ) ( d. 1714 ) was a French hydrographer and mathematician from Brittany .
Wendela Hebbe née Åström ( 9 September 1808 , Jönköping -- 27 August 1899 , Stockholm ) , was a Swedish journalist , writer , salon hostess and role model .
Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson , KCMG ( 1851 - -6 August 1925 ) was a British colonial administrator who was Governor of the Gold Coast ( 1898 - -1900 ) , Barbados ( 1900 - -04 ) and British Guiana ( 1904 - -11 ) .
Barbro Alving ( 12 January 1909 -- 22 January 1987 ) was a Swedish journalist and writer , a pacifist and feminist , often using the pseudonym Bang .
Mary MacCarthy ( 1882 -- 29 December 1953 ) was a British writer , known for her involvement in the `` Bloomsbury Group '' .
Thomas P. Bailey ( 1867 - -1949 ) was an American educator and early - twentieth century race theorist .
M. A. Khan ( Mahmood Ali Khan ) ( 16 Jun 1920 - 22 Apr 2001 ) was an Indian politician born in the village of Jogipura , Meerut , Uttar Pradesh .
M. Athar Ali ( 18 January 1925 -- 7 July 1998 ) was an Indian historian who specialised in medieval Indian history .
William Vertue ( died 1527 ) was an English architect specialising in Fan vault ceilings .
Gordon Sandeman ( 1810 -- 14 March 1897 ) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , Queensland Legislative Assembly , and the Queensland Legislative Council .
Josef Alm ( 1889 - -1957 ) was a Swedish weapon historian .
Otto Tausig ( 13 February 1922 -- 10 October 2011 ) was an Austrian writer , director and actor .
Juraj Neidhardt ( Croatian pronunciation : ( jûraj nǎjtxart ) ; 15 October 1901 -- 13 July 1979 ) was an architect , teacher , urban planner and writer .
Betty Linderoth , née Cedergren ( Stockholm , 13 February 1822 -- Stockholm , 10 December 1900 ) , was a Swedish watchmaker .
Zvi Elpeleg ( 1926 -- 27 June 2015 ) was an academic , author , and a senior researcher at the Dayan Institute at Tel Aviv University .
Archie Buchanan ( 1928 - -1983 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Hibernian , St. Mirren and Cowdenbeath .
Vladan Batić ( Serbian : Владан Батић ; 27 July 1949 -- 29 December 2010 ) was a Serbian politician .
George Villiers , 1st Duke of Buckingham KG ( /ˈvɪlərz/ ; 28 August 1592 -- 23 August 1628 ) was the favourite , claimed by some to be the lover , of King James I of England .
Letsie I Moshoeshoe of Lesotho ( 1811 - 20 November 1891 ) was the paramount chief of Basotho ( modern Lesotho ) from 1870 to November 20 , 1891 .
Charlotte Clayton , Baroness Sundon ( 11 December c.1679 -- 1 January 1742 ) was a British Lady in Waiting .
Rev. Dr Robert David Eric Gallagher CBE , BA , BD ( 24 August 1913 -- 30 December 1999 ) was President of the Methodist Church in Ireland during 1967 .
John Garo ( born 29 January 1952 in Buma Village , Malaita Province ; died 2007 ) was a Solomon Islands politician .
Lynn Bayonas ( 11 April 1943 -- 25 January 2010 ) was an Australian television producer and writer .
Edward Ernest Green ( 1861 - -1949 ) was an English mycologist and entomologist who specialised in Coccidae .
Charles Louis de Frédy , Baron de Coubertin ( 1822 - -1908 ) was a French aristocrat and painter .
General Charles Larned ( unknown -- August 13 , 1834 , Detroit ) was an American lawyer , military officer , and politician .
Augusta Anderson ( 7 November 1875 -- 18 December 1951 ) was a Swedish film actress who appeared in several American films from 1914 to 1937 .
John Frederick Miller ( 1759 - -1796 ) was an English illustrator , mainly of botanical subjects .
Nicholas Mormando , also known as `` Nicky Cowboy '' ( October 28 , 1944 Brooklyn , New York - January 1986 Bensonhurst , Brooklyn ) was a Gambino crime family mob associate who was involved in the murder of Frank Fiala and member of Sammy Gravano 's Bensonhurst , Brooklyn crew .
Michele Troja or Michele Troya ( 23 June 1747 - 12 April 1827 ) was an Italian physician .
Leonell C. Strong ( 1894 -- 31 August 1982 ) was cancer research scientist and amateur cryptographer .
Inacayal ( 1835 - 1888 ) was a cacique ( chief ) of the Tehuelche people in Patagonia , Argentina who led a resistance against government .
Eliseus Bomelius ( also Licius ) ( died c. 1574 ) was a German physician and astrologer .
Eino Ojajärvi ( 22 November 1911 , Alajärvi - 14 April 1992 ) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician .
Lucius Richard O'Brien ( 15 August 1832 -- 13 December 1899 ) was an influential 19th - century Canadian oil and watercolour landscape artist .
Ernest Hayter ( born 31 July 1913 in Bournemouth , Hampshire ; died December 2005 in Southampton , Hampshire ) was an English cricketer .
Ruth Manning - Sanders ( 21 August 1886 -- 12 October 1988 ) was a prolific British poet and author who was perhaps best known for her series of children 's books in which she collected and retold fairy tales from all over the world .
Elizabeth Hawkins - Whitshed ( 1860 -- 27 July 1934 ) , usually known after her third marriage as Mrs Aubrey Le Blond and to her climbing friends as Lizzie Le Blond , was a British pioneer of mountaineering in a time when it was almost unheard of for a woman to climb mountains .
Neville Neville ( 26 September 1949 -- 7 August 2015 ) was a British league cricketer , football agent and director .
Dick Roughsey ( ca . 1920 -- 1985 ) was an Australian Aboriginal artist from the Lardil language group on Mornington Island in the south - eastern Gulf of Carpentaria , Queensland .
William Clavering - Cowper , 2nd Earl Cowper ( 13 August 1709 -- 18 September 1764 ) , styled Viscount Fordwich between 1718 and 1723 , was a British peer and courtier .
Quirino De Ascaniis ( 5 August 1908 -- 11 January 2009 ) was an Italian - born priest who was the longest serving member of PIME .
Walter Devereux , 1st Earl of Essex , KG ( 16 September 1541 -- 22 September 1576 ) , was an English nobleman and general .
Berndt Andreas Baader ( 6 May 1943 -- 18 October 1977 ) was one of the first leaders of the German left - wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader - Meinhof Group .
Ross Stretton ( 6 June 1952 -- 16 June 2005 ) was an Australian ballet dancer and artistic director .
Laurence Anderton , alias Scroop ( 1577 - -1643 ) , was a learned English Jesuit .
Mary Seton ( 1542 - -1615 ) was a Scottish courtier and later a nun .
Bill Eastick ( 13 March 1888 -- 22 October 1914 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne .
Roelf Vos ( 1921 - -1992 ) was a wealthy Tasmanian businessman who , amongst other achievements , established a supermarket chain carrying his name initially in Launceston , but later expanded throughout the whole of northern Tasmania .
Eric Eady ( 1915 -- 1966 ) was a British meteorology researcher and author of the Eady Model of baroclinic instability , which give rise to weather systems .
Fleetwood Sheppard ( sometimes spelled as `` Shepphard , '' `` Sheppheard , '' and `` Sheppeard '' ) ( 1 January 1634 -- 25 August 1698 ) was a British courtier and literary wit who was instrumental in the courts of Charles II of England and William of Orange .
Thomas Kneen ( 1852 - 23 November 1916 ) was His Majesty 's Clerk of the Rolls for the Isle of Man , a Member of the House of Keys for Glenfaba , and Captain of the Parish of Onchan Kneen was brought up in a rural and agriculture background in Andreas .
Gerry Gazzard ( 15 March 1925 -- 29 September 2006 ) was an English footballer who played for West Ham United and Brentford .
Ansgar Eugène Olaussen ( 27 December 1887 -- 22 January 1962 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor , educated as a typographer , and politician .
John Martin Skoglund , `` Dovestorparen '' , ( 2 September 1892 in Risinge , Östergötland- 6 December 1976 in Norrköping ) was a Swedish politician and member of the Moderate Party .
Anita Spinelli ( 8 January 1908 -- 24 March 2010 ) was a Swiss artist , painter and drawer also known for her approaches to graphic work .
Patrick D. McGee ( 1916 - -70 ) was a Republican member of the California State Assembly from 1950 to 1957 and from 1966 until his death in 1970 .
Frank Hugh O'Donnell ( also Frank Hugh O'Cahan O'Donnell ) , born Francis Hugh MacDonald ( 9 October 1846 -- 2 November 1916 ) was an Irish writer , journalist and nationalist politician .
Burnell Poole ( 30 August 1884 - -1933 ) was an American naval artist .
Bruno Angoletta ( 7 September 1889 - 7 January 1954 ) was an Italian illustrator , cartoonist and painter .
William Hillman ( 13 November 1848 -- 4 February 1921 ) was a British bicycle and automobile manufacturer .
Georg Dionysius Ehret ( 30 January 1708 - - 9 September 1770 ) was a botanist and entomologist , and is best known for his botanical illustrations .
Anselmo Sacasas ( 23 November 1912 -- 22 January 1998 ) was a Cuban jazz pianist , bandleader , composer , and arranger .
Vice Admiral Wilfred Tomkinson CB , MVO ( 15 November 1877 -- 7 October 1971 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander of the Battlecruiser Squadron .
James Alexander Paton ( ca . 1885 -- 1946 ) was a newspaper owner and political figure in British Columbia .
Khin Maung Toe ( Burmese : ခင်မောင်တိုး ( kʰɪ̀ɴ màʊɴ tó ) ; 2 April 1950 -- 15 November 2012 ) was a Burmese singer songwriter , and was the longtime lead singer of the Mizzima Hlaing ( မဇ္ဈိမလှိုင်း ) band .
Eugenio Fernández Cerra ( April 19 , 1920 -- 2011 ) was a prominent Chest Physician and former Senator in the Puerto Rico Legislature for the Partido Popular Democratico .
Jules Podell ( died 1973 ) was a former nightclub operator who ran the Copacabana nightclub in New York .
Kulothunga Chola III was the ruler of the Chola empire from 1178 to 1218 CE , after succeeding Rajadhiraja Chola II . Kulothunga Chola III gained success in war against his traditional foes .
Mary Elizabeth Carnegie ( April 19 , 1916 -- 20 February 2008 ) was an educator and author in the field of nursing , known for breaking down racial barriers .
William Butterfield ( 7 September 1814 -- 23 February 1900 ) was a Gothic Revival architect and associated with the Oxford Movement ( or Tractarian Movement ) .
Arthur Kylander ( 1892 - -1968 ) was a Finnish - American singer , songwriter and mandolin player .
Andrea Malatesta ( 30 November 1373 -- 20 September 1416 ) was an Italian condottiero , a member of the Malatesta family of Romagna .
Sir Duncan Oppenheim ( 6 August 1904 St Helens , Lancashire - January 2003 London ) was chairman of British American Tobacco and a noted arts administrator .
Joan Marion ( 28 September 1908 -- 5 November 2001 ) was an Australian - born film actress .
Michael Polakovs ( 23 February 1923 -- 6 December 2009 ) , born in Riga , Latvia , was a circus clown who performed in the US under the name of Coco the Clown , a moniker that his father , Nicolai Poliakoff , had made famous in Europe .
Helian Duo ( 赫連鐸 ) ( died 894 ) was an ethnically - Tuyuhun warlord in late Tang Dynasty .
Ambrose Barker ( 1859 -- 1953 ) was a British anarchist activist .
Master Commandant William Henry Allen ( 21 October 1784 -- 18 August 1813 ) was an American naval officer during the War of 1812 .
Jean - Baptiste Gourion , O.S.B. ( 24 October 1934 -- 23 June 2005 ) was a French Jewish - born Benedictine monk and auxiliary bishop from 2003 until his death .
Eino Kirjonen ( born 25 February 1933 in Koivisto -- 21 August 1988 in Kouvola ) was a Finnish ski jumper who competed from 1954 to 1962 .
Aïssa Djermouni or Aïssa El Jermouni or Aissa Merzougui or Aïssa L'Jarmouni ( 1886 - -1946 ) is an Algerian musician of Berber origin .
Dirk de Vrije ( 1620 , Gouda -- 1681 , Gouda ) , was a Dutch Golden Age glass painter .
Gwen Buck BEM ( 1929 - -13 February 2005 ) was a British Paralympic athlete who competed in several sporting disciplines .
Johann Adolph Hasse ( baptised 25 March 1699 -- 16 December 1783 ) was an 18th - century German composer , singer and teacher of music .
Abu l - Walid ' Abdallah ibn ul - Faradi ( 962 - -1012 ) , best known as Ibn Faradi , was a Muladi historian .
George Michael Gill ( 10 December 1923 -- 20 October 2005 ) was an English television producer and television director responsible for creating ' ground - breaking ' documentaries for the BBC .
Richard Kidder ( 1633 - -1703 ) was an English Anglican churchman , Bishop of Bath and Wells , from 1691 to his death .
Madeleine of Valois ( 10 August 1520 -- 7 July 1537 ) was a French princess who became Queen of Scots as the first spouse of King James V.
Joseph Field ( 1774 - -1807 ) was born in 1774 in Culpeper County , Virginia .
Willem de Pannemaker ( 1512 -- 1581 ) , was a Flemish tapestry designer .
John Horsley Palmer ( 7 July 1779 -- 7 February 1858 ) was an English banker and Governor of the Bank of England .
Rasik Krishna Mallick ( Bengali : রসিককৃষ্ণ মল্লিক ) ( 1810 -- 8 January 1858 ) was an Indian journalist , editor , reformer , educationist and a leading member of Young Bengal group .
Dave Ewing ( 10 May 1929 -- July 1999 ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the centre half position for Manchester City and Crewe Alexandra , and briefly managed Hibernian .
Sr . Lucia Wiley ( 1902 - -1998 ) was a noted WPA muralist and painter born and raised in Tillamook , Oregon .
Bert Kirby ( 2 December 1908 -- 1972 ) was an English flyweight boxer , who became British flyweight champion in 1930 .
Edward Culliatt Jones ( 1822 - -1902 ) , known as E.C. Jones , was an American architect who worked in Memphis , Tennessee with M.H. Baldwin in the firm Jones & Baldwin ( 1873 - -1880 ) and in Charleston , South Carolina as Jones & Lee with Francis D. Lee ( 1826 - -1885 ) .
John Rayner Heppenstall ( 27 July 1911 in Lockwood , Huddersfield , Yorkshire , England -- 23 May 1981 in Deal , Kent , England ) was a British novelist , poet , diarist , and a BBC radio producer .
Henry Parker , 11th Baron Morley ( January 1533 -- 22 October 1577 ) was an English peer , Lord of Morley , Hingham , Hockering , & c. , in Norfolk , the son of Sir Henry Parker and Grace Newport .
Margaret Chalmers ( 1758 - -1827 ) was a Scottish poet , self - styled `` first British Thulian quill '' .
Dharmasthala Manjayya Heggade ( 1889 -- 1955 ) was an Indian philanthropist , educationist and legislator who is best known for being the hereditary administrator(Dharmadhikari ) of the Dharmasthala Manjunatha Temple from 1918 to 1955 .
Graf Adolf Heinrich von Arnim - Boitzenburg ( 10 April 1803 -- 8 January 1868 ) was a German statesman , and the first Prime Minister of Prussia .
Louis Boutet de Monvel ( 22 June 1941 -- 25 December 2014 ) was a French mathematician who worked on functional analysis .
Nicolas Bernard Guiot de Lacour ( 25 January 1771 - -28 July 1809 ) led infantry and cavalry brigades during the First French Empire under Napoleon .
Ephraim Cohen - Reiss ( born 1863 in Jerusalem , died 1943 in France ) was one of the earliest founders of modern education in Israel , and at the turn of the 20th century established the first Hebrew school system in Palestine and the Levant .
Rolf Stigersand ( 7 December 1916 -- 21 June 2006 ) was a Norwegian sports diver .
T'ang Leang - Li or Tang Liangli ( traditional Chinese : 湯良禮 ; simplified Chinese : 汤良礼 ; pinyin : Tāng Liánglǐ ) ( 1901 - -1970 ) was a journalist and politician in the Republic of China .
Félix Parra Hernández ( 17 November 1845 -- 9 February 1919 ) was a Mexican painter who worked as instructor of ornament drawing at the Academy of San Carlos .
John Normington ( 28 January 1937 -- 26 July 2007 ) was an English actor who appeared widely on British television from the 1960s until the year of his death .
Moulvi Sir Rafiuddin Ahmed ( 1865 - -1954 ) was an Indian Muslim barrister , journalist and politician .
Áed mac Flaithbertaig ( died 747 ) , called Áed Muinderg , was a chief of the Cenél Conaill of the northern Uí Néill .
Jia Fan ( died 238 ) was a military general serving under the Liaodong warlord Gongsun Yuan during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history .
John Halle , or John Hall of Maidstone ( c. 1529/1530 - -c . 1568 ) was an English surgeon , known as a medical writer and poet .
Muktanand Swami ( 1758 - 1830 ) was a sadhu and paramahansa of the Swaminarayan Sampraday .
Alexander Obregón Gamboa ( 11 December 1977 -- 30 May 2009 ) was a Colombian footballer who played the majority of his career in El Salvador .
Rama Narayanan ( 3 April 1949 -- 22 June 2014 ) was an Indian film director and producer .
Clara Ottesen ( 1911 - -1997 ) was a Norwegian economist and feminist .
Malcolm Arbuthnot ( born Malcolm Lewin Stockdale Parsons , 1877 , Cobham , Surrey - died 27 March 1967 ) was a pictorialist photographer and artist .
Søren Norby , selfstyled as Severin Norbi ( died 1530 ) was a Danish leading naval officer in the fleets of Danish kings Hans I and Christian II . He commandeered the greatest ship of the Danish fleet in naval wars against Sweden and Lübeck .
Francisco Gabicacogeascoa Ibarra ( 31 December 1937 -- 7 July 2014 ) was a professional road bicycle racer between 1961 and 1972 .
Nikolai Efimovich Kuznetsov ( 1879 - -1970 ) was a Russian - Soviet painter and theatre designer .
Richard Sacher ( 1 September 1947 -- 27 February 2014 ) was a Czech politician and civil servant .
Carlo Doria , 1st Duke of Tursi ( 1576 - -1650 ) , was an Italian general who fought for Spain during the War of Mantuan Succession .
Ida Darling ( 1875 -- June 5 , 1936 ) was an American actress of the stage and in silent motion pictures .
Ko Ko Oo ( Burmese : ကိုကိုဦး ; 1961 -- 9 December 2015 ) was a scientist , served as Burma 's Minister of Science and Technology ( MOST ) from September 2012 to December 2015 until his death .
Sir Philip Jennings - Clerke , 1st Baronet ( c. 1722 - January 1788 ) was an MP for Totnes , and the 1st Jennings - Clerke Baronet .
Thomas Starling Norgate ( 1772 - -1859 ) was an English writer , journalist and newspaper editor .
Johnny Cunningham ( 27 August 1957 -- 15 December 2003 ) was a Scottish folk musician instrumental in spreading interest in modern , traditional Celtic music .
Piero Livi ( 1 April 1925 -- 2 September 2015 ) was an Italian director and screenwriter .
Cavalcante de ' Cavalcanti ( flourished c. 1250 ; died c. 1280 ) was a Florentine Epicurean philosopher and father of Guido Cavalcanti , a close friend of Dante Alighieri .
Sir William Calderwood , Lord Polton ( 1660?--1733 ) was a Scottish lord of session .
Enrichetta d'Este ( Enrichetta Maria ; 27 May 1702 -- 30 January 1777 ) was an Italian noblewoman .
Eugen Kogon ( 2 February 1903 -- 24 December 1987 ) was a historian and a survivor of the Holocaust .
Tito Speri ( 2 August 1825 - 3 March 1853 ) was an Italian patriot and hero of the Risorgimento .
Rustomji Jamshedji Dorabji Jamshedji pronunciation ( 18 November 1892 , Bombay -- 5 April 1976 , Bombay ) was an Indian Test cricketer .
William Alfred Pickwoad OBE FRSA ( 1886 - -1975 ) was a British businessman who was a prominent figure in South America 's railway industry and also held directorships in the major business concerns of Bolivia during the 1930s and 1940s .
Philip Bracken Fleming ( 1887 - -1955 ) was a US army General and American ambassador to Costa Rica .
Alojzy Gonzaga Jazon Żółkowski , Ziółkowski ( 4 December 1814 -- 25 November 1889 ) was a Polish actor and singer , one of the most prominent Polish comedians .
General Sir Samuel Benjamin Auchmuty GCB ( 28 April 1780 -- 30 April 1868 ) was an Anglo - Irish soldier .
Jean Braconnier ( `` Braconnier dit Lourdault '' ) ( died just before January 22 , 1512 ) was a French singer and composer of the Renaissance .
Sir Thomas Hungerford of Rowden ( died 1469 ) , the eldest son of Robert Hungerford , 3rd Baron Hungerford , lived chiefly at Rowden , near Chippenham .
Cú Connacht mac Dundach ( died 1006 ) was King of Síol Anmchadha , Ireland .
Sir Thomas Frankland Lewis , 1st Baronet ( 14 May 1780 -- 22 January 1855 ) was a British Poor Law Commissioner and moderate Tory MP .
Giovanni Battista Zupi or Zupus ( c. 1590 -- 1650 ) was an Italian astronomer , mathematician , and Jesuit priest .
William D. Robinson ( 22 May 1826 -- 7 November 1890 ) was a locomotive engineer who founded the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers ( BLE ) on 8 May 1863 during the American Civil War .
Samuel Ralph Townshend Mayer ( 1841 - -1880 ) , founder of the Free and Open Church Association and writer .
Jean Israël ( 1913 - 1995 ) was a heroic French Air Force pilot during the Second World War , and a key subject in the non - fiction literary work Flight to Arras ( Pilote de guerre ) written by Antoine de Saint - Exupéry .
Sir James Reginald Conyers CBE ( 3 September 1879 -- 26 July 1948 ) , known as Reggie Conyers during his early life , was a Bermudian lawyer , politician , and cricketer .
William II Canynges ( c. 1399 - -1474 ) was an English merchant and shipper from Bristol , one of the wealthiest private citizens of his day and an occasional royal financier .
Edward Colborne Baber ( 30 April 1843 -- 16 June 1890 ) was an English orientalist and traveller .
Finnur Magnússon , sometimes referred to by the Danish version of his name under which he published , Finn Magnussen or Magnusen , ( 27 August 1781 -- 24 December 1847 ) was an Icelandic scholar and archaeologist who worked in Denmark .
Christopher Reginald Reeves ( 14 January 1936 -- 20 November 2007 ) was a British banker who helped transform Morgan Grenfell from a conservative City bank into a major force in international finance , as summarized in his obituary in the December 5 , 2007 Times
Robert de Holland , 1st Baron Holand ( c. 1283 -- 1328 ) was an English nobleman , born in Lancashire .
Ömer Tanyeri ( born 1900 -- died 1967 ) was a Turkish football player of Fenerbahçe .
Amlaíb Ua Donnubáin ( or Auliffe O'Donovan ) ( died 1201 ) is the last member of the O'Donovan family to be styled king of Uí Chairpre Áebda ( Cairbre Eva ) in the Irish annals , and in fact the very last known king of this people .
Anna Wilhelmine of Anhalt - Dessau ( b. Dessau , 13 June 1715 - d. Dessau , 2 April 1780 ) , was a German princess of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt - Dessau branch .
George Beauchamp Vick ( 1901 - -1975 ) , known as G. Beauchamp Vick , was pastor of Temple Baptist Church in Detroit , Michigan , USA , from 1950 to the 1970s .
Ibrahim Aslan ( 1935 -- 7 January 2012 ) was an Egyptian novelist and short story writer .
Marcelle Bergerol ( born Cahen ) ( 1900 , in Paris - 1989 , in Paris ) was a figurative and regional painter , specializing in paintings of France and Paris , Brittany , Quercy in the Dordogne region ..
Pere de Queralt ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈpeɾə ðə kəˈɾaɫ ) ) ( died 1408 ) was a Catalan nobleman , diplomat , and poet ; `` una destacada figura del seu temps '' ( a distinguished figure of his age ) .
Jerzy Kaźmirkiewicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjɛʐɨ kaʑmirˈkʲevit͡ʂ ) ; 1924 - 1977 ) was a Polish scientist and university professor , a specialist in wood industry at the Warsaw Agricultural University ( SGGW ) .
E. Paul Bindrim ( 14 August 1920 in New York -- 17 December 1997 in Los Angeles ) was an American psychotherapist who is known as the founder of nude psychotherapy which he believed allowed people to access and express repressed feelings more easily .
( Sven ) August Heintze ( 1881 -- 1941 ) ( sometimes spelled Heinze ) was a Swedish botanist .
Abu ' Ali Hasan ibn Ali ibn Ja'far ibn Makula ( Persian : ابو علی حسن بن علی بن جعفر بن ماکولا‎‎ ) , better known simply as Abu Ali Hasan , was a Iranian statesman from the Makula family , who served as the vizier of Jalal al - Dawla from 1026 to 1031 .
Ignazio Collino ( 1736 - -1793 ) was an Italian sculptor , active in the late - Baroque period , mainly in the region of the Piedmont .
Ridgeway Pitt , 3rd Earl of Londonderry ( 1722 -- 1765 ) was a British politician and peer .
Sir Thomas Fogge ( died 13 July 1407 ) was an English politician and soldier .
Joseph Webb ( 1908 -- 1962 ) was a British printmaker , painter and teacher of etching and sculpture .
Harry Bingham Brown ( October 9 , 1883 - 1954 ) , was a pioneer aviator .
Daines Barrington , FRS , FSA ( 1727/1728 -- 14 March 1800 ) was an English lawyer , antiquary and naturalist .
Richard Old ( 1856 - -1932 ) , was an English woodcraftsman and prolific model maker , specialising in fretwork .
Frederick Carder ( September 18 , 1863- December 10 , 1963 ) was an English artist and glassmaker .
John Aleyn ( fl . 1370s ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1362 to 1368 and Archdeacon of Suffolk from 1368 - 1373
Junius Brutus Booth ( 1 May 1796 -- 30 November 1852 ) was an English stage actor .
André Eglevsky ( 21 December 1917 -- 4 December 1977 ) was a Russian - born ballet dancer and teacher who studied in France and , from 1932 , danced with Colonel W. de Basil 's Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo for several years , as well as other companies in Europe and New York City .
John Bew ( 1774 - -12 April 1793 ) was a bookseller and publisher at 28 - -29 Paternoster Row in London .
Anton I. Arion ( 1824 - 1897 ) was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Interior from August 12 , 1868 until November 16 , 1868 .
William Howgill ( 1768/9 - -1824 ) , was an English organist and composer .
Count Stanisław Kostka Zamoyski ( 13 January 1775 -- 2 April 1856 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) , politician , landowner , and patron of arts .
William B. McBurney ( died 1892 ) was an Irish poet who used the pseudonym Carroll Malone .
Johannes P. Louw ( 31 December 1932 -- 23 December 2011 ) was the editor of the Greek - English Lexicon of the New Testament Based on Semantic Domains ( UBS , 1988 , with Eugene Nida ) ; he also developed an approach to linguistics which became known as South African Discourse Analysis .
Eldor Magomatovich Urazbayev ( 1940 -- 21 February 2012 ) - Russian film director , screenwriter and Producer Honored Worker of Culture of the Russian Federation ( 1998 ) .
Morton Thompson ( c. 1907 -- July 7 , 1953 ) was an American writer of newspaper journalism , novels and film screenplays .
Count Henry of Stolberg - Wernigerode ( 25 September 1772 , Wernigerode Castle -- 16 February 1854 , Wernigerode Castle ) succeeded his father in 1824 as ruler of the County of Wernigerode .
Teresa Korwin Gosiewska properly Princess Teresa Sapieha ( died 1708 ) was a Polish noblewoman ( szlachcianka ) .
Thomas Portway ( by 1524 - -1557 ) , of Dover , Kent , was an English politician .
Grand Duchess Kira Kirillovna of Russia ( 9 May 1909 -- 8 September 1967 ) was the second daughter of Grand Duke Kirill Vladimirovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Victoria Feodorovna .
Rosina Bulwer Lytton ( née Rosina Doyle Wheeler ; 4 November 1802 -- 12 March 1882 ) wrote and published fourteen novels , a volume of essays and a volume of letters .
Gaetano Scirea ( Italian pronunciation : ( ɡaeˈtaːno ʃʃiˈrɛːa ) ; 25 May 1953 -- 3 September 1989 ) was an Italian professional footballer who is considered one of the greatest defenders of all - time .
Nathaniel Hurd ( c. 1729 -- 1777 ) was an engraver and silversmith in Boston , Massachusetts , in the 18th century .
Ion Codreanu ( 1891 - -1960 ) was a Romanian brigadier - general during World War II .
Theophilus Carter ( 1824 - -1904 ) was an eccentric British furniture dealer thought to be an inspiration for the illustration by Sir John Tenniel of Lewis Carroll 's characters the Mad Hatter in Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland and Hatta in Through the Looking - Glass .
Howard McParlin Davis ( September 18 , 1918 -- September 9 , 1994 ) was a longtime professor of Art History at Columbia University .
Andrzej Górski h. Nałęcz ( died 1626 ) was Treasurer of the Crown , voivode of Masovia from 1623 , castellan of Kamieniec from 1619 , starost of Ovruch and Strzelce , diplomat and author of the Acta Tomiciana .
Charles Clifton Penick ( December 9 , 1843-April 13 , 1914 ) was third missionary bishop of Cape Palmas and Parts Adjacent from 1877 to 1883 .
Sanusi Dantata ( c. 1919 -- 15 April 1997 ) was a Nigerian entrepreneur and son of Alhassan Dantata .
Walter Campbell of Shawfield ( 1741 -- 19 October 1816 ) , the grandson of Daniel Campbell MP , was Rector of the University of Glasgow from 1789 to 1791 .
Teresa Fernández de Traba ( died 6 February 1180 , León ) was the queen consort of León ( 1178 - -1180 ) during the reign of Ferdinand II .
Moses Benson ( 1738 -- 6 June 1806 ) was a successful British West Indies merchant , who became heavily engaged in the Liverpool slave trade .
Throope Chapman ( 1738 - -1794 ) was one of the founders of Readsboro , Vermont , USA .
Lieutenant - General Sir Mark Cubbon KCB ( 23 August 1775 -- 23 April 1861 ) was a British army officer with the East India Company who became the British Commissioner of Mysore state in 1834 .
Elias Sunde ( 2 October 1851 in Flekkefjord -- 2 July 1910 ) was the Norwegian Minister of Finance 1898 - -1900 and 1900 - -1903 , and member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm in 1900 .
Sheila Kaye - Smith ( 4 February 1887 -- 14 January 1956 ) was an English writer , known for her many novels set in the borderlands of Sussex and Kent in the English regional tradition .
Daniel Fletcher ( 16 August 1974 -- 4 October 2015 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) in 1994 .
John MacNider ( 10 June 1760 -- 1829 ) was a Scottish - Quebecer businessman who pioneered the settlement and development of the Seigneuries of Grand - Métis and Métis - sur - Mer , Quebec .
Hugh Reinagle ( born in Philadelphia c.1790 ; died near New Orleans in May 1834 ) was an American painter .
Francis Herbert Wenham ( 1824 , Kensington -- 1908 ) was a British marine engineer who studied the problem of manned flight and wrote a perceptive and influential academic paper which he presented to the first meeting of the Royal Aeronautical Society in London in 1866 .
Jesse Moren Bader ( 1886 - -1963 ) was a 20th - century evangelist , ecumenist and global leader .
Wilbraham Spencer Tollemache ( 3 October 1807 -- 15 February 1890 ) was an English soldier , JP and High Sheriff .
Ole Herman Johannes Krag ( 7 April 1837 - 9 December 1916 ) was a Norwegian officer and firearms designer .
Reginald Smith Brindle ( 5 January 1917 -- 9 September 2003 ) was a British composer and writer .
Aziz Çami ( 1893 - -1943 ) was an Albanian army officer and Balli Kombëtar commander .
Heinrich Grüber ( 24 June 1891 -- 29 November 1975 ) was a Reformed theologian , opponent of Nazism and pacifist .
Johann Georg Halske ( 30 July 1814 -- 18 March 1890 ) was a German master mechanic .
Jo Inge Bjørnebye ( 31 October 1946 -- 24 March 2013 ) was a Norwegian ski jumper , born in Våler , Hedmark .
John St Helier Lander ( 19 October 1868 in Jersey -- 12 February 1944 in Witley , Surrey ) was a noted portrait painter .
Benjamin Buckler ( 1716 or 1717 -- 24 December 1780 ) was an antiquarian and an academic at the University of Oxford .
Po Sein ( Burmese : ဘိုးစိန် , pronounced : ( pʰó sèiɴ ) ; 18 April 1882 -- 11 January 1954 ) was an influential 20th century traditional actor , singer , and dancer , who has been credited with innovating and modernizing Burmese performance arts , in dance , song , costumes , and stagecraft .
Fred Uhlman ( 19 January 1901 -- 11 April 1985 ) was a German - English writer , painter and lawyer of Jewish origin .
Ramez Harb ( died 19 November 2012 ) was a Palestinian militant and commander .
Rudolf Koppitz ( 4 January 1884 -- 8 July 1936 ) , often credited as Viennese or Austrian , was a Photo - Secessionist whose work includes straight photography and modernist images .
Ursula Moreton ( 13 March 1903 - 24 June 1973 ) was a British ballerina and teacher , director of the Royal Ballet School from 1952 to 1968 .
Archibald Primrose , 1st Earl of Rosebery ( 1664 - -1723 ) was a Scottish politician .
Susanna Highmore ( née Hiller ) ( 1690 -- 18 November 1750 ) was a British poet with a relatively small literary output .
Patrick Kenneth Macneile Dixon ( 15 June 1904 -- 8 October 1958 ) , better known as Pat Dixon , was an English radio producer for BBC Radio .
Thomas Tyers ( 1726 - -1787 ) was an English playboy and dilettante author .
Thomas Wainwright ( 1876 -- 13 May 1949 ) was an English footballer who played as a half - back for Burslem Port Vale , Crewe Alexandra , Wellington Town , and Notts County between 1900 and 1906 .
William Fuller Brown , Jr. ( 21 October 1904 - -1983 ) was an American physicist who developed the theory of micromagnetics , a continuum theory of ferromagnetism that has had numerous applications in physics and engineering .
Terence Feely ( 20 July 1928 -- 13 August 2000 ) was a British screenwriter , playwright and author .
Philippe de La Harpe ( 1 April 1830 , Paudex -- 25 February 1882 , Lausanne ) was a Swiss physician known for research in the fields of geology and paleontology .
Hanna Newcombe died in Hamilton in the early morning of April 10 , 2011 , after a short illness , with her son Ian at her bedside .
William Towrie Cutt ( 26 January 1898 Sanday , Orkney -- 1981 ) was an Orcadian author .
Constantin Constantiniu ( born 1894 , died 1971 ) was a Romanian Brigadier - General during World War II . He began his military career as Head Intendance Service in the Under - Secretary of the Air Force in 1941 , and in 1944 was Head Intendance Service of the Army .
Jack Hyett ( 11 July 1915 -- 21 July 2001 ) was an Australian teacher , broadcaster , author , naturalist and amateur ornithologist .
John Hedgecoe ( 24 March 1932 -- 3 June 2010 ) was an award - winning British photographer and author of over 30 books on photography .
Bernard Gilles Penot ( 1519 - 1617 ) was a French alchemist from the Renaissance and a friend of Nicolas Barnaud .
Joseph d'Abbadie de Saint - Castin ( fl . 1720 - -1746 ) was a French military officer serving in Acadia .
Dr. Gyula Ferdinandy de Hidasnémeti ( 1 June 1873 -- 16 January 1960 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Interior Minister between 1920 and 1921 .
George Howells ( 11 May 1871 -- 7 November 1955 ) was a Welsh academic and writer , who was Principal of Serampore College , India from 1907 to 1932 .
Gilles Schey ( bapt . 28 August 1644 , Arnhem -- 15 June 1703 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch admiral .
William Urwick the younger ( 1826 - -1905 ) was an Anglo - Irish nonconformist minister and antiquarian chronicler .
Wang Su ( 195 - -256 ) , courtesy name Ziyong , was an official and Confucian scholar in the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period .
Veerendra was assassinated on 6 December 1988 during the shooting of the film Jatt Te Zameen .
Marion Ogilvy ( c. 1495 - 1575 ) was the wife or mistress of Cardinal Beaton an advisor of James V of Scotland .
Đỗ Anh Vũ ( Hán tự : 杜英武 ) ( 1113 - -1158 ) was an official in the royal court of Lý Anh Tông , the sixth emperor of the Lý Dynasty .
Donald Macintosh ( 1743 - -1808 ) was a Scottish clergyman , a nonjuror of the Scottish Episcopal Church , known as a scholar of Scottish Gaelic .
Princess Józefina Maria Czartoryska ( 14 June 1787 -- 27 January 1862 ) was a Polish noble lady .
Father Giuseppe Berton ( 1932 -- 25 June 2013 ) was an Italian missionary of the Xaverian Brothers , who had been living in Sierra Leone since 1971 .
Cino Cinelli ( 9 February 1916 -- 20 April 2001 ) was an Italian cyclist who won the 1938 Giro di Lombardia and the 1943 Milan--
Baldassare Carrari ( Forlì , circa 1460 , circa 1520 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Ravenna .
Jens Zetlitz ( 26 January 1761 -- 14 January 1821 ) was a Norwegian priest and poet .
William Wells Newell ( 1839 - 1907 ) was an American folklorist , school teacher , minister and philosophy professor .
Sylvia Grey ( 1866 - -1958 ) was an English actress and dancer best remembered for her roles in burlesque productions in London during the Victorian era .
Francis Paddock ( September 15 , 1814 -- March 29 , 1889 ) was a frontier doctor who settled in Salem , Kenosha County , Wisconsin in 1838 and became an important member of the community , serving as a physician , a politician , a businessman , a farmer , and an overall leader of the town .
William Kirkpatrick Riland Bedford ( 1826 - -1905 ) was an English clergyman and author , known as an antiquary and genealogist , and also as a cricketer .
Paola Borboni ( 1 January 1900 -- 9 April 1995 ) was an Italian film actress whose career spanned nine decades of cinema .
Kamal El Sheikh ( Arabic : كمال الشيخ‎ ; 2 February 1919 -- 2 January 2004 ) was an Egyptian film director .
Toussaint de Charpentier ( 22 November 1779 -- 4 March 1847 ) was a German geologist and entomologist .
Richard Curle ( 1883 - -1968 ) was a Scottish author , traveller and bibliophile .
Girolamo Rainaldi ( 1570 -- 15 July 1655 ) was an Italian architect who worked mainly in a conservative Mannerist style , often with collaborating architects .
Miguel Covarrubias also known as José Miguel Covarrubias Duclaud ( 22 November 1904 -- 4 February 1957 ) was a Mexican painter , caricaturist , illustrator , ethnologist and art historian .
Major Rawshan Yazdani Bhuiyan ( died 1981 ) was a Bangladeshi freedom fighter .
John Gregson , born Harold Thomas Gregson , ( 15 March 1919 -- 8 January 1975 ) was an English actor , credited in 40 films .
Arthur Radclyffe Dugmore ( 1870 - 1955 ) was an Irish - born pioneering American naturalist and wildlife photographer , painter , print - maker and author .
Liza Vorfi ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лиза Ворфи ) ( 29 November 1924 -- 29 January 2011 ) was an Albanian stage actress and singer .
János Fürst ( 8 August 1935 -- 3 January 2007 ) was a Hungarian - born conductor and violinist .
Masruq ibn al - Ajda ' ( Arabic مَسْرُوقْ بِنْ اَلْأَجْدَع , died 682 ) was a well - known and respected tabi'i ( from taba'een ) , jurist and muĥaddith ( transmitter of Prophetic traditions or hadith ) .
Charles Kenneth Horne , generally known as Kenneth Horne , ( 27 February 1907 -- 14 February 1969 ) was an English comedian and businessman .
Giovanni Boggi ( died 1832 ) was an Italian engraver and painter , in his artistic prime in the 1820s .
Alaattin Baydar ( 1901 -- 13 July 1990 ) was a Turkish football player of Fenerbahçe .
Grenville Lindall Winthrop ( 1864 - 1943 ) was an American lawyer and art collector from New York City .
Gorewang Kgamane was the Bamangwato chief from 1925 up until he died in 1931 .
Bronson Cushing Skinner ( 1889 - -1981 ) developed a process to make concentrated orange juice and constructed a manufacturing plant in Dunedin , Florida .
Rev. Jabez Tunnicliff ( 7 February 1809 -- 15 June 1865 ) was a minister of the General Baptist Church in England .
Alan Percy ( c.1480 - 1560 ) was an English churchman and academic , Master of St John 's College , Cambridge , and later Master of Trinity College , Arundel which he surrendered to Henry VIII in 1545 .
Teresa López Bustamante ( 1888 -- 1942 ) was a Venezuelan journalist , founder of the catholic Venezuelan newspaper La Columna ( The Column ) .
Huntingdon Beaumont ( c. 1560 -- 1624 ) was an innovative entrepreneur in coal mining , who built what is currently credited as the world 's first wagonway .
William I , Marquis of Namur , the Rich , ( 1324 -- 1 October 1391 ) was Count of Namur from 1337 until his death .
Ernest James Goddard ( 20 February 1883 -- 17 January 1948 ) , was an Australian professor of biology .
John Carre Riddell ( 4 June 1809 -- 22 December 1879 ) was a politician in colonial Victoria ( Australia ) , a member of the Victorian Legislative Council and later , the Victorian Legislative Assembly .
Robert Henry Bow FRSE ( 1832 - -1908 ) was a Scottish civil engineer and photographer .
Saint Senorina ( died 982 ) was a Galician abbess .
Hermann Bahr ( 19 July 1863 -- 15 January 1934 ) was an Austrian writer , playwright , director , and critic .
Hugh Heron ( 22 May 1890 - 6 December 1947 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dorian Cooke ( 25 December 1916 - 18 September 2005 ) was a poet , MI6 operative , and head of the Yugoslav section at the BBC .
Patrick Gillespie ( 1617 - -1675 ) was a Scottish minister , strong Covenanter , and Principal of Glasgow University by the support of Oliver Cromwell .
Frederick Augustus Hely ( 1794 -- 8 September 1836 ) , a public servant and settler of colonial Australia , was born in County Tyrone , Ireland .
Sam Wooding ( 17 June 1895 -- 1 August 1985 ) was an expatriate American jazz pianist , arranger and bandleader living and performing in Europe and the United States .
Miles of Plancy ( died 1174 ) , also known as Milon or Milo , was a noble in the crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem .
Sir Walter St John , 3rd Baronet ( May 1622 -- 3 July 1708 ) , of Lydiard Tregoze , Wiltshire , and of Battersea ( succeeded in 1657 ) , was an English MP .
Aurél von Kelemen ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkɛlɛmɛn ˈɒureːl ) ; Hungarian : Kelemen Aurél ; 20 April 1888 -- 10 November 1968 ) was a Hungarian tennis player .
Countess Ilona Zrínyi ( Croatian : Jelena Zrinska , Hungarian : Zrínyi Ilona ) ( * Ozalj , 1643 ; †Izmit , 18 February 1703 ) was one of the last surviving members of the Croatian Zrinski / Zrínyi noble family and one of the greatest heroines of Croatian and Hungarian history .
Les Kittle ( 26 February 1894 -- 28 March 1965 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Hare , 3rd Earl of Listowel KP ( 29 May 1833 -- 5 June 1924 ) , styled Viscount Ennismore from 1837 to 1856 , was an Anglo - Irish peer and Liberal politician .
Sir Richard Empson ( c.1450 -- 17 August 1510 ) , minister of Henry VII , was a son of Peter Empson .
Robert Gordon of Straloch ( 14 September 1580 -- 18 August 1661 ) was a Scottish cartographer , noted as a poet , mathematician , antiquary , and geographer , and for his collection of music for the lute .
Alexander Malcolm Manson ( 1883 -- 25 September 1964 ) was a British Columbia judge and politician in the Liberal Party .
Sylvia Cecil ( c. 1898 -- c. 1983 ) was an English singer and actress .
Abu Ishaq Shami ( died 940 ) was a Muslim scholar who is often regarded as the founder of the Sufi Chishti Order ( Persian : چشتی‎ - Čištī ) ( Arabic : ششتى‎ - Shishti ) .
Jean Paul Brusset ( 23 June 1909 - -1985 ) was an internationally acclaimed painter with what has been described as `` a strong Mediterranean flair '' .
Jaromil Jireš ( 10 December 1935 -- 24 October 2001 ) was a director associated with the Czechoslovak New Wave movement .
Jean - Claude - Républicain Arnoux ( Le Cateau - Cambrésis 16 December 1792 -- 1866 ) was a French civil engineer known for his invention of the Arnoux system for articulating trains on tight curves .
James Conway Davies ( 1891 - -1971 ) was a Welsh historian and palaeographer .
Pope Urban VII ( Latin : Urbanus VII ; 4 August 1521 -- 27 September 1590 ) , born Giovanni Battista Castagna , was Pope from 15 to 27 September 1590 .
István Fáry ( 30 June 1922 -- 2 November 1984 ) was a Hungarian - born mathematician known for his work in geometry and algebraic topology .
Jochem Bobeldijk ( 12 April 1920 Zaandam -- 18 November 2010 , Egmond aan Zee ) was a Dutch sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and the early 1950s .
Wang Chuhui ( 王處回 ) ( d. 951 ) , courtesy name Yaxian ( 亞賢 ) , was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period states Later Tang and Later Shu , serving as the chief of staff ( Shumishi ) for both emperors of Later Shu , Meng Zhixiang and Meng Chang .
Giuseppe Maria Mazza ( 13 May 1653 -- 6 June 1741 ) was one of the leading sculptors of Bologna , Italy , in the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
Olav Ringdal ( 24 March 1921 -- 4 April 1945 ) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II . He was born in Sandefjord to parents from Larvik .
Fritz Peter ( 1899 - -1949 ) was a German mathematician who helped prove the Peter--
John Gould Veitch ( April 1839 -- 13 August 1870 ) was a horticulturist and traveller , one of the first Victorian plant hunters to visit Japan .
Massimiliano Palombara ( 1614 -- 1680 ) was marquis of Pietraforte and Conservator of Rome between 1651 and 1677 .
Sunil Kumar Lahoria ( about 1961 -- February 2013 Navi Mumbai ) was a builder from Mumbra , Thane district , India who was killed in February , 2013 after reporting area illegal buildings .
John Bushell ( March 18 , 1715 -- c. January 22 , 1761 ) was the first printer in what is now Canada .
Richard Plunkett ( c.1340 - 1393 ) was an eminent Irish judge and statesman who held the offices of Lord Chief Justice of the King 's Bench for Ireland and Lord Chancellor of Ireland .
Carla Andrea Arntzen ( 29 August 1875 -- 13 April 1958 ) was a Norwegian nursing teacher , and co - founder of the Norwegian Nurses ' Union .
Ferenc Dávid ( also rendered as Francis David ) ( c.1510 -- 15 November 1579 ) was a Transylvanian Nontrinitarian and Unitarian preacher , the founder of the Unitarian Church of Transylvania .
George John Stevenson ( 1818 - -1888 ) was an English bookseller , headmaster , author and hymnologist .
Jean Garel ( 28 March 1852 , Lyon -- 1931 ) was a French physician who specialized in the field of laryngology .
Charles Townshend , 1st Baron Bayning PC ( 27 August 1728 -- 19 May 1810 ) was a British politician .
Blessed Mateo Elías Nieves Castillo ( 21 September 1882 -- 10 March 1928 ) was a Mexican Roman Catholic priest who was also a member of the Order of Saint Augustine who assumed the name of Elias del Socorro when he became a member of the order .
John Bolitho ( 1930 - -2005 ) ( Cornish Jowan Bolitho ) was born in Bude in Cornwall , and spent his working life in the Royal Navy , the theatre and television ( including performances in the Black and White Minstrel Show , the Royal Variety Performance and the Billy Cotton Band Show ) , and business .
Pierre D'Archambeau ( 3 April 1927 -- 16 June 2014 ) born from Belgian parents , was an American violin virtuoso and pedagogue .
Josephine Clifford McCracken ( or McCrackin ) ( 1839 - -1921 ) was a California writer and journalist , a contemporary of Bret Harte , John Muir , Ina Coolbrith , and Joaquin Miller , and an environmentalist .
Henriette Marianne Katoppo ( 9 June 1943 -- 12 October 2007 ) was an Indonesian novelist and internationally known feminist theologian .
Charlie McMillan ( 27 December 1887 -- 11 December 1911 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Cypriano Barbosa Bettâmio ( 1818 - 1855 ) was a Brazilian doctor who gave his life volunteering to lead efforts in fighting the cholera epidemic in the state of Bahia in 1855 .
Shulamit Aloni ( Hebrew : שׁוּלַמִּית אַלּוֹנִי ; 27 December 1928 -- 24 January 2014 ) was an Israeli politician .
Roland Lacon ( ca . 1537 - 1608 ) , of Willey and Kinlet , Shropshire , was an English politician during the reign of Elizabeth I. Lacon was a Member of Parliament for Much Wenlock in 1559 .
Edward C. McFetridge ( 1836 - -1914 ) was an American lawyer , businessman , and politician .
Spyridon Tetenes ( Greek : Σπυρίδων Τετενές ; 1908 -- 24 July 1977 ) was a Greek diplomat who was Foreign Minister after the coup d'état of November 25 , 1973 , by Brigadier General Dimitrios Ioannidis against the junta of George Papadopoulos .
Clinton Gilbert Abbott ( 1881 -- 1946 ) was an American ornithologist , naturalist , and Director of the San Diego Natural History Museum from 1922 to 1946 .
Dudley Bradstreet ( 1711 - -1763 ) was an Irish adventurer and secret government agent .
Marcel van Cleemput ( 2 May 1926 -- 15 March 2013 ) often known as Mr. Corgi was a French toy designer and author who worked mainly in England .
Gordon Sparling , ( 1900 - 1994 ) was a pioneering Canadian film maker .
Galam Cennalath ( died 580 ) was a king of the Picts from 550 to 555 .
Leonardo Esteves de Nápoles ( c. 1350 -- 1421 ) was a Portuguese nobleman and military , the natural son of João Esteves and Catarina Esteves .
Hugh Fraser Stewart ( 1863 - -1948 ) was a British academic , churchman and literary critic .
Saint John Cantius ( Latin : Joannis Cantii ) ( Polish : Jan z Kęt or Jan Kanty ) ( 23 June 1390 -- 24 December 1473 ) was a Polish priest , scholastic philosopher , physicist and theologian .
Harold Carter ( 29 March 1900 -- 10 September 1973 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Michel Mathieu ( 25 July 1944 -- c. 1 October 2010 ) was high commissioner of New Caledonia from July 2005 until his death .
Maria Lindsay Bliss ( 15 May 1827 -- 3 April 1898 ) was an English composer and songwriter .
Sir Oswald Mosley , 2nd Baronet , of Ancoats ( 27 March 1785 -- 24 May 1871 ) was a British politician and writer .
Sydney Dickinson ( 17 August 1906 -- 2 February 1984 ) was an English footballer who played at half - back for Nottingham Forest , Mansfield Town , Bradford Park Avenue , Port Vale , Lincoln City , and Grantham .
William Ambrose Tarrant ( 22 September 1866 -- 1 November 1938 ) was an Australian cricketer who played at first - class level for Victoria during the 1890s .
Sir Genille Cave - Browne - Cave , 12th Baronet ( 1869 - -1929 ) was a bartender and a cowboy as well as the twelfth holder of the Cave - Browne - Cave baronetcy .
Georgina Masson ( 1912 - -1980 ) was a British author and photographer .
Muirgheas mac Pháidín Ó Maolconaire , Gaelic - Irish scribe , died 1543 .
John Garbutt ( c.1779 Northumberland , England -- 1855 Garbutt , Monroe County , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
John Cournos , born Ivan Grigorievich Korshun ( Иван Григорьевич Коршун ; he himself used the form Johann Gregorevich for his original name ) ( 6 March 1881 -- 27 August 1966 ) , was a writer and translator of Russian - Jewish background who spent his later life in exile .
David Lyall ( 1817 - -1895 ) MD , RN , FLS , was a Scottish botanist who explored Antarctica , New Zealand , the Arctic and North America and was a lifelong friend of Sir Joseph Hooker .
May Fortescue ( 6 or 9 February 1862 -- 2 September 1950 ) was an actress , singer and actor - manager of the Victorian era and a protégée of playwright W. S. Gilbert .
Luitpold Adam ( 1888 - -1950 ) was a German painter Adam was an official war artist during the First World War ; and he was chosen by Adolf Hitler to be the head of the Nazi war artist program in the Second World War .
Doctor Alexander Monteith Currie OBE ( 2 May 1926 - 24 August 2014 ) was a university administrator secretary of The University of Edinburgh from 1978 to 1989 .
George Nugent - Temple - Grenville , 1st Marquess of Buckingham KG , KP , PC , ( 17 June 1753 -- 11 February 1813 ) , known as The Earl Temple between 1779 and 1784 , was a British statesman .
Joshua Hughes ( 7 October 1807 -- 21 January 1889 ) was Bishop of St Asaph , an Anglican diocese in Wales , United Kingdom .
Anita Traversi ( 25 July 1937 - 25 September 1991 ) was a Swiss singer , best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1960 and 1964 .
Billy Bevan ( born William Bevan Harris , 29 September 1887 -- 26 November 1957 ) was an Australian born film actor .
Sir Nicholas Colthurst , 3rd Baronet ( died July 1795 ) was an Anglo - Irish member of the Irish House of Commons for St Johnstown from 1783 - 1790 and Clonakilty from 1792 - 1795 .
Salih Bey Vuçitërni ( 8 April 1880 - October 1949 ) was an Albanian political figure and royalist .
Lydia Webb ( 1736 or 1737 - 1793 ) was an English actress .
Hamëz Jashari ( 1950 -- March 1998 ) was a Kosovar Albanian combatant and brother of Adem Jashari .
Claudius II ( Latin : Marcus Aurelius Valerius Claudius Augustus ; May 10 , 210 -- July 270 ) , commonly known as Claudius Gothicus , was Roman Emperor from 268 to 270 .
Paul Washington ( 1921 - -2002 ) was an Episcopal priest and community activist in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Jenő Konrád ( 13 August 1894 -- 15 July 1978 ) also referred to as Eugen Conrad or Eugène Conrad or Eugenio Konrad was an Hungarian footballer and manager .
Gangadhar died on 27 December 2003 after prolonged illness .
Leo O'Halloran ( 11 June 1925 -- 27 October 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sybil Jason ( born Sybil Jacobson ; 23 November 1927 - 23 August 2011 ) was a South African - born American motion - picture child actress who , in the late 1930s , was presented as a rival to Shirley Temple .
Gustaf Renvall ( 1781 in Halikko -- 1841 ) was a Finnish philologist .
Rodney Collin ( 26 April 1909 -- 3 May 1956 ) was a British writer in the area of spiritual development .
Mieczysław Cygan ( born 2 August 1921 in Koniuszki , died 7 April 2006 in Warsaw ) - Polish military commander , Brigadier General of the Polish Army , military governor of Gdańsk ( 1982 - -1988 ) , Secretary General of the Council for the Protection of Struggle and Martyrdom Sites ( 1989 - -1990 ) .
Dirk Reuyl ( 1906 -- 1972 ) was a Dutch American physicist and astronomer .
Theyab Awana Ahmed Hussein Al Musabi ( Arabic : ذياب عوانة‎;‎ 8 April 1990 -- 25 September 2011 ) , commonly known as Theyab Awana or Awana Diab , was an Emirati footballer who played as a winger for Emirati Pro - League club Baniyas and the UAE national team .
Gabriel von Salamanca - Ortenburg ( 1489 -- 12 December 1539 ) was a Spanish nobleman who was general treasurer and archchancellor of the Habsburg archduke ( and future Holy Roman Emperor ) Ferdinand I of Austria from 1521 to 1526 .
Empress Yang Yan ( 楊艷 ) ( 238 -- August 25 , 274 ) , courtesy name Qiongzhi ( 瓊芝 ) , formally Empress Wuyuan ( 武元皇后 , formally `` the martial and discerning empress '' ) was an empress of Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) .
Zhang Lihua ( Chinese : 張麗華 ; died 589 ) was an imperial consort of the Chinese Chen dynasty .
Already in the prime of life and father of thirteen children when his village was settled , Hiel Brockway continued to reside in Brockport until his death in 1842 .
James Edward Davidson ( ca . 20 December 1870 -- 1 June 1930 ) , known in journalistic circles as `` J.E.D. '' , was an Australian journalist who rose through the ranks to become a newspaper owner , the founder of News Limited .
Noel Barnett ( 22 November 1908 -- 21 July 2000 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Joseph J. Bullock ( December 23 , 1812- November 9 , 1892 ) was a Presbyterian clergyman who served as Chaplain of the Senate of the United States from 1879 until 1883 .
Angel Baffard , O.A.D. , ( Father Angel of St. Rosalie , French : Père Ange de Sainte - Rosalie ) ( 1655 - -1726 ) was a French genealogist and friar of the Order of Discalced Augustinians .
Philip Henry Delamotte ( 21 April 1821 -- 24 February 1889 ) was a British photographer and illustrator .
Peter Alfred Taylor ( 30 July 1819 -- 20 December 1891 ) was a British politician and radical .
Chaudhary Dal Singh ( 1915 - -1991 ) popularly known as Khunda Jhota and Paani ka Baadal , was involved in Haryana politics from 1952 to 1977 , when he took unofficial retirement due to his bad health .
Filippos Karvelas ( 1877 or 1879 -- 1952 ) was a Greek gymnast .
Marie Steichen ( died September 2006 ) was a Democratic politician from Woonsocket , South Dakota , who gained fame for winning a local election two months after dying of cancer .
Anna Sophia Holmstedt ( 1759 - -1807 ) as married Anna Sophia Bleumortier , was a Swedish ballet dancer and translator .
Sheikh Abu Bakr Effendi ( 1814 - -1880 ) was an Osmanli qadi who was sent in 1862 by the Ottoman sultan Abdülmecid I at the request of the British Queen Victoria to the Cape of Good Hope , in order to teach and assist the Muslim community of the Cape Malays .
Athanasios Roussopoulos ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Ρουσόπουλος , 1903 - -1983 ) was a Greek scientist , Professor at the National Technical University of Athens and politician , member of the Greek Parliament and Minister of Public Works .
Hermann of Dorpat ( or Hermann I , or Hermann von Buxhövden ) ( 1163 - -1248 ) was the first Prince - Bishop of the Bishopric of Dorpat ( 1224 - -1248 ) within the Livonian Confederation .
Soh Kwang - pom ( 1859 - -1897 ) was a Korean reformist and politician of Korea 's late Joseon Dynasty .
Kwadwo Baah Wiredu ( 1952 -- 24 September 2008 ) was a Ghanaian politician and a Chartered Accountant .
Benjamin Moran ( b. Franklin County , Pennsylvania , 1820 ; d. Braintree , Essex , on 20 June 1886 ) worked at the United States Legation ( later the US Embassy ) in London from 1853 to 1874 .
Isaac Cohen ( 26 July 1914 -- 30 November 2007 ) was a Talmudic scholar and Chief Rabbi of Ireland for 20 years .
Julius Scheiner ( 25 November 1858 -- 20 December 1913 ) was a German astronomer , born in Cologne and educated at Bonn .
Dinakrushna Das ( 1650 - 1710 ) was a famous poet of Orissa ( in modern India ) , belonging to the Vaishnava tradition of bhakti movement .
Stephen Alonzo Schoff ( 1818 - 1904 ) was an American engraver and etcher in New York and Boston .
Mark Melford ( c.1850 - 4 January 1914 ) born in Fareham , Hampshire , was a British `` dramatic author , actor and variety artiste '' .
Michael Skerrett ( died 1785 ) was an Irish clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church .
Georg Johannesen ( 22 February 1931 -- 24 December 2005 ) was a Norwegian author and professor of rhetoric .
John Wodehouse , 1st Earl of Kimberley KG PC DL ( 7 January 1826 -- 8 April 1902 ) , known as the Lord Wodehouse from 1846 to 1866 , was a British Liberal politician .
Knut Lier - Hansen ( 8 September 1916 -- 28 March 2008 ) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II . He was born and grew up in Rjukan .
Felice Chiusano ( 28 March 1922 - 3 February 1990 ) was one of the singers of Quartetto Cetra , a popular Italian vocal quartet .
Tiberiu Olah or Tibor Oláh ( 2 January 1928 -- 2 October 2002 ) was a Romanian - Hungarian composer , teacher and musicologist .
Peter Kaim - Caudle ( 1916 in Breslau -- 18 May 2010 in Paris ) was Professor of Social Policy at Durham University and a recognised expert on the provision of social services .
Roberto Szidon ( 21 September 1941 -- 21 December 2011 ) was a Brazilian classical pianist who had an international performing and recording career , and settled in Germany .
Andrija Mutafelija ( 1883 - -1970 ) was a Croatian footballer and an important figure in the development of the game within Croatia .
Lacy Ryan ( c. 1694 - -1760 ) , English actor , appeared at the Haymarket Theatre about 1709 .
Jagadananda Roy ( Bengali : জগদানন্দ রায ; 1869 - 1933 ) was an eminent scientific article writer as well as Bengali science fiction writer .
Anne Locke ( Lock , Lok ) ( 1530 -- after 1590 ) was an English poet , translator and Calvinist religious figure .
William Cowper Prime ( 1825 - -1905 ) was an American journalist , art historian , numismatist , and travel writer , younger brother of S. I. Prime and E. D. G. Prime , born at Cambridge , New York .
Rolf Just Nilsen ( 31 August 1931 -- 9 May 1981 ) was a Norwegian singer and actor .
Frank Jefferis ( 3 July 1884 -- 21 May 1938 ) was an English footballer .
Gaius Petronius Arbiter ( /pɪˈtroʊniəs/ ; c. 27 -- 66 AD ) was a Roman courtier during the reign of Nero .
Carl Ludwig David Friedrich Heusler ( 1 February 1866 , Dillenburg -- 25 October 1947 ) was a German mining engineer and chemist .
Johann Conrad Susemihl ( 1767 Rainrod , Oberhessen - 1847 ) , was a German copperplate engraver and artist noted for his images of natural history , landscapes and architecture .
Frederick Watts ( May 9 , 1801- August 17 , 1889 ) , is called the `` Father of Penn State University '' and was a prominent agricultural reformer , lawyer and businessman who headed the U.S. Department of Agriculture as Commissioner of Agriculture from 1871 - 1877 under President Ulysses S. Grant .
Ajit Kumar Singh ( 2 October 1962 -- 1 August 2007 ) was an Indian politician who was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha .
George Levi Crane ( May 24 , 1891 -- 1952 ) was an American - born doctor and political figure in Saskatchewan .
Derek Dingle ( 1937 - -2004 ) was an English close - up magician .
André de Brancas or Amiral de Villars ( died 24 July 1595 ) was a French admiral .
Adam Otterburn of Auldhame and Reidhall ( died 6 July 1548 ) was a Scottish lawyer and diplomat .
John Bagnell Bury ( 16 October 1861 -- 1 June 1927 ) , known as J. B. Bury , was an Irish historian , classical scholar , Medieval Roman Historian and philologist .
Emanuel Vincent Harris OBE , RA ( 26 June 1876 -- 1 August 1971 ) , often known under the pseudonym E. Vincent Harris , was an English architect who designed several important public buildings .
Maurie Sankey ( 9 February 1940 -- 21 November 1965 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dick O'Shea ( 31 January 1909 -- 21 October 1998 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Cliff May ( 1909 - -1989 ) was an architect practicing in California best known and remembered for developing the suburban Post - war `` dream home '' -- the California Ranch House .
Pyotr Mikhaylovich Yershov ( Russian : Пётр Миха́йлович Ершо́в , 1910 - -1994 ) was a Russian theater director and art theoretician , most famous for his textbooks on directing and works on Stanislavski 's system .
Nilakanta Mahadeva Ayyar CIE ( 18 May 1899 to 29 March 1971 ) was a member of the erstwhile Indian Civil Service .
Bunny Lewis ( 12 November 1918 -- 7 September 2001 ) also known professionally under various pseudonyms was a London - based manager , record producer and composer and music manager whose songwriting abilities were used in a number of films .
Master of the Lille Adoration ( active 1510 -- 1530 ) , was an Early Netherlandish painter active in Antwerp .
John Blake Dillon ( 5 May 1814 -- 15 September 1866 ) was an Irish writer and politician who was one of the founding members of the Young Ireland movement .
Major Johannes Hardenbergh ( 1670 - -1745 ) , also known as Sir Johannes Hardenbergh , was the owner of the Hardenbergh patent of land in the Catskill Mountains .
St George St George , 1st Baron St George ( circa 1715 -- 2 January 1775 ) was an Irish politician .
Joseph Hormayr , Baron zu Hortenburg ( German : Joseph Hormayr Freiherr zu Hortenburg , also known as Joseph Freiherr von Hormayr zu Hortenburg ) ( 20 January 1781 or 1782 -- 5 October 1848 ) was an Austrian and German statesman and historian .
Ottar Gjermundshaug ( 29 January 1925 , Alvdal -- 10 April 1963 ) was a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed in the early 1950s .
Glappa of Bernicia ruled from 559 to 560 .
Anna Gillingham ( 1878 - -1963 ) was an educator and psychologist .
Ferdinand the Holy Prince ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɨɾˈnɐ̃du ) ; Portuguese : Fernando o Infante Santo ; 29 September 1402 -- 5 June 1443 ) , sometimes called the `` Saint Prince '' or the `` Constant Prince '' , was an infante of the Kingdom of Portugal .
John Ritto Penniman ( 1782 - -1841 ) was a painter in Boston , Massachusetts , USA .
Gustav Mützel died at his home ( Hagelsberger Str . 10 ) at the age of 54 years on 29 October 1893 of heart and kidney ailments .
Adam Thom ( 30 August 1802 -- 21 February 1890 ) was a teacher , journalist , lawyer , public servant , and recorder .
`` Sir '' Julian Gould ( January 21 , 1915 -- February 1977 ) was an American jazz / pop organist , pianist and composer .
Sir William Symington McCormick GBE FRS ( 29 April 1859 -- 22 March 1930 ) was a Scottish scholar and educational administrator .
Harold McNair ( 5 November 1931 -- 7 March 1971 ) was a renowned Jamaican - born saxophonist and flautist .
Paula Heimann ( née Klatzko , 2 February 1899 -- 22 October 1982 ) was a German psychiatrist and psychoanalyst , who established the phenomenon of countertransference as an important tool of psychoanalytic treatment .
James Moffatt , DD ( 1870 - 1944 ) was a theologian and graduate of Glasgow University .
Alberto Rossi ( Turin , 1858 - 1936 ) was an Italian painter , mainly as a portrait but also as a landscape painter .
Norbert ( or Nordebert ) ( died 697 ) was the duke of Burgundy and count of Paris in the last quarter of the seventh century .
Brigadier General John Charteris CMG , DSO ( 1877 - -1946 ) was a British general during the First World War .
Johnston Drummond ( 1820 -- 13 July 1845 ) was an early settler of Western Australia who became a respected botanical and zoological collector .
Richard Bebb ( 12 January 1927 -- 12 April 2006 ) was an English actor of stage , screen and radio .
Bartholomew Bourchier , 3rd Baron Bourchier ( died 18 May 1409 ) , was a member of Parliament .
Willie Hobbs Moore ( 1934 - -1994 ) was the first African - American woman to earn a Ph.D. in physics .
José Ribamar Celestino ( 3 July 1942 -- 22 August 2007 ) was a Brazilian footballer .
Arthur Bayldon ( 20 March 1865 -- 26 September 1958 ) was an English - born Australian poet .
Birger Brandtzæg ( 29 April 1893 -- 16 July 1971 ) was a Norwegian merchant and owner of a fishing station .
Willie Hargreaves ( birth registered April→June 1931 -- 4 July 2013 ( aged 82 ) ) birth registered in Wakefield district , was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and ' 60s , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC , and York , as a fullback , i.e. number 1 .
Tudoranca Ciurea ( 1888 - 1971 ) was a Romanian General during World War II . He was Commanding Officer Infantry 1st Frontier Division in 1942 , and in 1943 served as General Officer Commanding 4th Division , General Officer Commanding 4th Mountain Division , and finally General Officer Commanding Special Reparation Corps .
Vere Fane , 4th Earl of Westmorland KB DL ( 13 February 1645 -- 29 December 1693 ) , styled The Honourable Vere Fane from 1644 to 1661 and Sir Vere Fane from 1661 to 1691 , was a British peer and Member of Parliament for Peterborough and twice for Kent .
Penelope Rich , Lady Rich , later styled Penelope Blount , Countess of Devonshire ( née Devereux ; January 1563 -- 7 July 1607 ) was an English noblewoman .
Maurice De Wulf ( 1867 - -1947 ) , a Belgian Thomist philosopher , professor of philosophy at the Catholic University of Leuven , was one of the pioneers of the historiography of medieval philosophy .
Pietro Paolo Bonzi ( c. 1576 - 1636 ) , also known as il Gobbo dei Carracci ( hunchback of the Carracci ) or il Gobbo dei Frutti ( of fruits ) , was an Italian painter , best known for his landscapes and still - lifes .
Duncan Graham Ross ( 26 May 1891 -- 9 October 1982 ) was a Canadian merchant , soldier and Liberal politician born in Tottenham , Ontario .
Saint Hermenegild or Ermengild ( died 13 April 585 ) ( Spanish : San Hermenegildo , from Gothic Ermen Gild , `` immense tribute '' ) , was the son of king Leovigild of Visigothic Spain .
Adin Talbar ( Hebrew : עדין טלבר ) , also Adin Theilhaber - Talbar ( 8 October 1921 -- 6 September 2013 ) , was Deputy Director of the Israel Ministry for Commerce and Industry , furthered German - Israeli cooperation and was the founder of the Israel Academic Sports Association ( A.S.A. ) .
William Goode , the elder ( 1762 - -1816 ) was an English evangelical Anglican clergyman .
Isaac Arthur Abt ( 1867 - 1955 ) was an American pediatrician and the first president of the American Academy of Pediatrics .
Jozef van Bredael , Joseph van Bredael , or Josef van Bredael ( 14 August 1688 -- 2 April 1739 ) was a Flemish painter known for Italianate landscapes and genre scenes of fairs , cattle markets and villages .
Sam Currie ( 22 November 1889 -- 7 December 1962 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a full - back .
Emmanuel Tettey Mensah , best known as E. T. Mensah ( 31 May 1919 -- 19 July 1996 ) , was a Ghanaian musician who was regarded as the `` King of Highlife '' music .
Philip James Barraud ( 1879 - -1948 ) was an English entomologist who specialised in mosquitoes .
Gerard Gramse ( 18 August 1944 -- 8 November 2012 ) was a Polish sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.4 Carmell Street , He was born in Mrocza and represented the club AZS Poznań .
Georg Brochmann ( 15 May 1894 , Ullensvang -- 5 January 1952 ) was a Norwegian journalist , writer of popular science and playwright , born in Hardanger .
John Vesey or Veysey ( 1462?--1554 ) was an English bishop .
Diana Boddington , MBE ( 30 July 1921 -- 17 January 2002 ) was an English stage manager .
Samuel Charles Blackwell ( 1823 - -1901 ) was an Anglo - American abolitionist .
Professor Robert Lowry Turner ( 1923 - -1990 ) was a British scientist known for his pioneering work in cancer research and chemotherapy .
Johan Conrad Ernst ( 16 June 1666 -- 23 September 1750 ) was a Danish architect and royal master builder .
George Worner ( 1855 - -1950 ) was a public official in Richland County in the U.S. state of North Dakota .
Gheorghe Gornea ( 2 August 1944 -- 2005 ) was a Romanian footballer , who played for UTA Arad and won two league titles with them .
Charles Fleetwood ( c. 1618 -- 4 October 1692 ) was an English Parliamentarian soldier and politician , Lord Deputy of Ireland from 1652 - -55 , where he enforced the Cromwellian Settlement .
John Myddelton ( 1685 - -1747 ) , of Chirk Castle , Denbighshire , was a Welsh politician .
Mandas Tuladhar ( Devanagari : मानदास तुलाधर ) ( 1900 - 1975 ) was a Nepalese Buddhist scholar , Nepal Bhasa activist and pioneer publisher .
Francis Edwin Kilvert ( December 17 , 1838 -- August 21 , 1910 ) was a lawyer and mayor of Hamilton , Ontario from 1877 - 1878 .
Ken Rosewarne ( 11 November 1911 -- 22 November 1987 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir John Gibbons , 2nd Baronet ( died 9 July 1776 ) was a British member of parliament .
Richard John Randall ( 1869 - -1906 ) was an Australian artist from Brisbane , Queensland .
Richard Parr ( 1592?--1644 ) was an English bishop of Sodor and Man .
Francis Nkhoma ( died May 2009 ) was a Zambian politician and the former governor of the Bank of Zambia .
Abu Ahmed al - Kuwaiti ( died 2 May 2011 ) , real name :
Swarupananda ( 8 July 1871 -- 27 June 1906 ) was a direct monastic disciple of Vivekananda and the first president of the Advaita Ashrama , set up by Vivekananda in 1899 at Mayavati , near Champawat .
Theophrastos Georgiadis ( Greek : Θεόφραστος Γεωργιάδης , 1885 - 1973 ) was a Greek author and teacher .
Munju of Baekje ( ? -477 , r. 475 - 477 ) was the 22nd king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Sir James Justice ( 1698 - -1763 ) was a Scottish horticulturalist / gardener .
Richard Crichton ( died 1817 ) was a Scottish architect operating in the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
Stefan or Stephan Cohn - Vossen ( 28 May 1902 -- 25 June 1936 ) was a mathematician , now best known for his collaboration with David Hilbert on the 1932 book Anschauliche Geometrie , translated into English as Geometry and the Imagination .
Simon Pokagon ( ? ? 1830- January 28 , 1899 ) was a member of the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians , an author , and a Native American advocate .
Pieter van Bredael or Peeter van Bredael ( other name variations : Peter van Breda , Peter van Bredael ) ( 1629 --1719 ) was a Flemish painter specializing in market scenes and village feasts set in Italianate landscapes or contemporary , usually , urban environments .
Mary de Morgan ( 24 February 1850 -- 1907 ) was an English writer and the author of three volumes of fairytales :
Alexandru Giugaru ( Romanian pronunciation : ( alekˈsandru d͡ʒjuˈɡaru ) ; 23 June 1897 - 15 March 1986 ) was a Romanian stage and film actor .
Sir Henry Wroth ( d. 1671 ) , second son of Henry , Sir Robert Wroth 's youngest son , acquired some fame as a royalist during the civil wars , was a ' pensioner ' of Charles I , and was knighted at Oxford on 15 September 1645 .
Agnes of Solms - Laubach ( 7 January 1578 -- 23 November 1602 ) was a Countess of Solms - Laubach and , by marriage , Landgravine of Hesse - Kassel from 1593 until her death .
Robert de Vere , 19th Earl of Oxford ( b. after 23 August 1575 -- 7 August 1632 ) was a British soldier , and penultimate Earl of Oxford .
Christos Tsountas ( Greek : Χρήστος Τσούντας ; 1857 -- 9 June 1934 ) was a Greek classical archaeologist .
Jan Baptist Zangrius ( died 1606 in Leuven ) was an Flemish engraver , publisher , typographer and bookseller .
Ray Gietzelt AO ( 29 September 1922 -- 12 October 2012 ) was a major figure in the Australian union movement in the latter part of the 20th Century .
Sir ( Alfred ) John Balcombe ( 29 September 1925 -- 9 June 2000 ) was a Lord Justice of Appeal from 1985 - -95 .
Mary Jane Cain died at Burra Bee Dee , Coonabarabran , NSW on 29 July 1929 aged 85 .
Kirk Kilgour ( 28 December 1947 -- 10 July 2002 ) was an American volleyball player .
Anton Grot ( 18 January 1884 -- 21 March 1974 ) was a distinguished Polish art director long in Hollywood .
David Soslan ( Georgian : დავით სოსლანი ) ( died 1207 ) was a prince from Alania and second husband of Queen Tamar , whom he married in c. 1189 .
Werner Altegoer ( 18 June 1935 -- 9 January 2013 ) was a German entrepreneur ; president and later chairman of the advisory board of football club VfL Bochum .
Ingvald Haugen ( 16 October 1894 -- 20 June 1958 ) was a Norwegian trade union leader and politician for the Labour Party .
Ole Wiig ( 23 June 1923 -- 21 September 2014 ) is a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Labour and Socialist Left parties .
Claude Austin Trevor ( 7 October 1897 - 22 January 1978 ) was a Northern Irish actor who had a long career in film and television .
Dole Chadee ( born Nankissoon Boodram ) ( executed June 4 , 1999 ) was a drug lord and convicted murderer .
Joan Ure was the pen name of Elizabeth Thoms Clark ( 22 June 1918 -- 1978 ) , a Scottish poet and playwright .
John Sharratt ( 29 October 1850 -- 1892 ) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for North of England in 1880 .
Fatimah bint Amr ( /ˈfætəmə , ˈfɑːtiːˌmɑː/ ; Arabic : فاطمة بنت عمر‎ ) ( died 576 ) was the grandmother of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and one of the wives of Abd al - Muttalib ibn Hashim .
Arthur Kenneth Jones ( 1888 in Southampton -- 1975 in Salisbury ) was an English Badminton player .
Antonijs Springovičs ( 1 November 1876 - 1 October 1958 ) was a Roman Catholic Latvian prelate who became the first Archbishop of Riga in 1923 .
Kálmán Tihanyi ( 28 April 1897 , Zbehy ( Üzbég ) - 26 February 1947 , Budapest ) , was a Hungarian physicist , electrical engineer and inventor .
Sir Roland Jennings ( 1894 -- 5 December 1968 ) was a British chartered accountant and politician .
Brigadier - General Sir Samuel Herbert Wilson GCMG KCB KBE ( 1873 - 1950 ) was a British colonial administrator who served as Governor of Trinidad and Tobago between 1921 and 1924 .
Herbert Fröhlich ( 9 December 1905 -- 23 January 1991 ) FRS was a German - born British physicist .
Jakob Sildnik ( 4 February 1883 -- 25 March 1973 ) was an Estonian photographer and filmmaker , based in Tartu .
Bice Sechi - Zorn ( 1928 - -1984 ) was an Italian / American nuclear physicist , and professor at the University of Maryland .
Godzimir Małachowski of Nałęcz ( 1852 - -1908 ) was a Polish lawyer , university professor and President of Lwów .
Stefano Simoncelli ( 12 November 1946 -- 20 March 2013 ) was an Italian fencer .
Jean René Moreaux ( 14 March 1758 -- 10 February 1795 ) commanded the French Army of the Moselle during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Sir Edward Guildford ( alternative spelling Guilford ) ( c. 1474 - 1534 ) was an English courtier and Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Marshal of Calais in 1519 .
Thiri Thihathura Shwetaungtet ( Burmese : သီရိ သီဟသူရ ရွှေတောင်တက် ( θìɹḭ θìha̰θùja̰ ʃwè dàʊɴ dɛʔ ) ; reign name : Anawrahta I of Sagaing ; 1313 - -1339 ) was king of Sagaing from 1335/36 to 1339 .
William Herbert Ifould OBE ( 1877 - -1969 ) was an Australian librarian and floriculturalist who was instrumental in the development of library services in New South Wales .
Thomas Rowlandson ( /ˈroʊləndsən/ ; 13 July 1756 -- 21 April 1827 ) was an English artist and caricaturist .
Peter Morice ( died 1588 ; - also sometimes spelt Morrys , Morris or Maurice ) was a Dutch - born ( some accounts describe him as a German ) engineer who developed one of the first pumped water supply systems for the City of London .
Eugene O'Connell ( June 18 , 1815 -- December 14 , 1891 ) was the first Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Grass Valley , California .
Ji Cheong - cheon ( 1888 - -1959 ) , also known as Yi Cheong - cheon , was a Korean independence activist during the period of Japanese rule ( 1910 - -1945 ) .
Rees Hopkin Rhys ( 19 March 1819 - 1899 ) was an industrialist , landowner and prominent local government figure in the Aberdare area for much of the nineteenth century .
Sir Henry Holland , 1st Baronet FRS , DCL ( 27 October 1788 -- 27 October 1873 ) , was a British physician and travel writer .
Levi Addison Ault ( November 1851 -- February 1930 ) was a Canadian - born businessman and bureaucrat whose career was closely associated with the city of Cincinnati , Ohio , where he earned the nickname `` Father of Cincinnati 's parks '' .
`` Hans Jacob Hansen ( 10 August 1855 -- 26 June 1936 ) '' .
Ignazio Hugford , or Ignatius Heckford ( 1703 - -1778 ) , was an Italian painter active mostly in Tuscany in an early Neoclassic style .
Henry Bret Ince QC ( 1830 -- 7 May 1889 ) was a British businessman , writer , and politician .
Nevin Paynter ( 1 June 1930 -- 28 April 1981 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
James Francis Corbett ( 1834 -- 29 May 1912 ) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Sale , Victoria ( Australia ) .
Nathan Utley ( February 13 , 1743 -- 1804 ) was an American - born sailor and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Henry Clifford , 5th Earl of Cumberland ( 28 February 1591 -- 11 December 1643 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1622 .
Huston Wyeth died 25 January 1925 , in Miami and is buried at Mount Mora Cemetery in Saint Joseph .
Dag Skogheim ( 17 May 1928 -- 4 December 2015 ) was a Norwegian teacher , poet , novelist , short story writer , biographer and non - fiction writer .
Richard Stack ( died 1812 ) was an Irish author .
Liu Chuyu ( 劉楚玉 ) ( died 465 ) , often known by her title Princess Shanyin ( 山陰公主 ) ( even though her title at death was the greater title of Princess Kuaiji ( 會稽公主 ) ) , was a princess of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song , as the daughter of Emperor Xiaowu .
August Lenz ( 29 November 1910 -- 5 December 1988 ) was a German international footballer .
William Jory Henwood FRS ( 16 January 1805 -- 5 August 1875 ) , Cornish mining geologist , was born at Perran Wharf , Cornwall .
Conrad Wilhelm Eger , often referred to as C. W. Eger ( 12 December 1880 -- 2 December 1966 ) was a Norwegian businessperson .
Tomasz Pacyński ( 4 February 1958 in Warsaw -- 30 May 2005 ) was a Polish fantasy and science fiction writer .
Joachim Andreas von Schlick , Count of Passaun and Weißkirchen ( Czech - Jáchym Ondřej hrabě Šlik ; 9 September 1569 , Schlackenwerth - 21 June 1621 , Prague ) was one of the leaders of the Protestant estates general in Bohemia .
Andrea Riccio ( c. 1470 -- 1532 ) was an Italian sculptor and occasional architect , whose real name was Andrea Briosco , but is usually known by his sobriquet meaning `` curly '' ; he is also known as Il Riccio and Andrea Crispus ( `` curly '' in Latin ) .
Amrit Nahata ( 16 May 1928 -- 26 April 2001 ) was an Indian politician , three - time member of Lok Sabha and film maker .
Alfred Jeacocke ( 1 December 1892 -- 26 September 1961 ) was an English cricketer who played as an amateur for Surrey County Cricket Club from 1920 to 1934 .
Leonard I. Green ( 1934 - -2002 ) was the founding partner of leveraged buyout firm Leonard Green & Partners and chairman of the board of the Los Angeles Opera .
Andreas Lidel ( Liedl , Lidl ) ( c. 1740 , Austria - c. 1789 , London , England ) , composer and virtuoso performer on the baryton ( viola di bardone ) and viola da gamba .
Colin Gardner , MBE ( c. 1940 -- 3 July 2010 ) was an English football official and philanthropist .
George Henry Hirst ( 17 May 1879 , Elsecar -- 13 November 1933 , Darfield , South Yorkshire ) , possibly actually called George Harry Hirst , was a British politician , elected Labour Member of Parliament for Wentworth when the constituency was created in 1918 .
Sir Wilfrid Lawson , 10th Baronet of Isell , MA ( Cantab ) ( 1764 -- 1806 ) , was a leading Cumberland landowner .
Isabel Tisdall ( née Gallegos , 19 November 1911 -- 27 July 2007 ) was a British - based textile designer , who influenced domestic and commercial interior design through Tamesa Fabrics , which she founded in 1964 , and via her work with Edinburgh Weavers from the mid 1950s .
Tribhuvan Narain Singh ( 8 August 1904 -- 3 August 1982 ) was an Indian politician and Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh .
Jürgen Haffer ( 9 December 1932 in Berlin -- 26 April 2010 in Essen ) was a German ornithologist , biogeographer , and geologist .
Arthur Patchett Martin ( 18 February 1851 -- 15 February 1902 ) , was an Australian writer .
Victor Aronstein ( 1 November 1896 - 13 January 1945 ) was a German - Jewish doctor whose practice in Alt - Hohenschönhausen , Berlin served as a meeting place for communists and social democrats during the rule of the Nazi Party .
Joachim Fretz ( 1926 - 1994 ) was a German radio personality who spent the majority of his life in East Berlin .
Wilga Rivers ( 13 April 1919 -- 23 June 2007 ) was an Australian academic and writer .
Jean Joseph Magdeleine Pijon or Jean Pigeon , born 7 September 1758 -- died 5 April 1799 , was a French general who was killed in combat during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey ( died 28 June 1798 ) was a barrister and a commander of the United Irishmen in the Battle of New Ross during the 1798 Rebellion .
Doug Storer ( 1899 - -1985 ) was a radio producer , talent agent , and writer responsible for creating and producing radio programs from the 1930s to the 1960s , including Ripley 's Believe It or Not ! and Renfrew of the Royal Mounted .
James Phipps ( 1788 -- 25 April 1853 ) was the first person given the cowpox vaccine by Edward Jenner .
Ethel M. Dell ( 2 August 1881 -- 19 September 1939 ) was a British writer of over 30 popular romance novels and several short stories from 1911 to 1939 .
Rosalie Gardiner Jones ( February 24 , 1883 - February 1978 ) was an Oyster Bay socialite and suffragist known as `` General Jones '' .
Robert Martin Collins ( 17 December 1843 -- 18 August 1913 ) was an explorer , grazier , member of both the Queensland Legislative Council and the Queensland Legislative Assembly .
Lennart Heimer ( 11 March 1930 -- 12 March 2007 ) , was a Swedish - American neuroscientist and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Poul Steenstrup ( 10 December 1772 -- 9 October 1864 ) was a businessman and Industrial entrepreneur who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814 .
Eugenia Woolman ( 1916 - -2007 ) is primarily recognized as an American collage and collograph artist , although she worked successfully in oil earlier in her career .
Mary Lund Davis ( 1922 - -2008 ) was a 20th - century modernist architect of the Pacific Northwest and the first woman to graduate from the University of Washington 's School of Architecture .
Gyula Pap ( 1813 - -1870 ) was an ethnographer and writer of Hungarian folk tales , most notably The Folk - Tales of the Magyars .
John Berkeley , 3rd Baron Berkeley of Stratton ( 1663 -- 27 February 1697 ) was an English admiral , of the Bruton branch of the Berkeley family .
Countess Palatine Dorothea Catherine of Birkenfeld - Bischweiler ( born 3 July 1634 in Bischweiler ; died : 7 December 1715 in Neunkirchen ) was a Countess Palatine of Zweibrücken - Birkenfeld - Bischweiler by birth and , by marriage , Countess of Nassau - Ottweiler .
Phan Thanh Liêm , ( 潘蘝 , August 29 , 1833 -- 1896 ) , was a Vietnamese soldier , politician , nationalist and ( anti - French ) independence activist .
John Proby Osborne , MP ( 1755 -- December 1787 ) was an Irish politician .
Esma Ellen Charlotte Littman ( née Cannon ) ( 27 December 1905 -- 18 October 1972 ) , credited as Esme or Esma Cannon , was a diminutive ( 4 feet 7 inches ( 1.40 m ) ) Australian - born character actress and comedienne , who moved to Britain in the early 1930s .
Thomas Fortescue , 1st Baron Clermont ( 9 March 1815 -- 29 July 1887 ) , was an Irish Whig politician .
Aruna Asaf Ali ( Bengali : অরুণা আসফ আলী ) ( 16 July 1909 -- 29 July 1996 ) , born Aruna Ganguly , was an Indian independence activist .
Sir Francis Nethersole ( 1587 - -1659 ) was secretary to the Electress Elizabeth , Member of Parliament for Corfe Castle , Dorset , and a political pamphleteer during the English Civil War .
Douglas Hamlet ( died 13 February 1995 ) is a convicted murderer who was executed by Saint Vincent and the Grenadines ( SVG ) .
João Viegas Carrascalão ( 11 August 1945 -- 18 February 2012 ; Dili , East Timor ) was an East Timorese politician .
Vidoe Podgorec ( Macedonian : Видое Подгорец ; 8 June 1934 -- 14 April 1997 ) is a Macedonian writer and poet .
Baron Francesco Bentivegna ( 4 March 1820 -- 20 December 1856 ) was an Italian patriot , who led various revolts in Sicily against the Bourbon rulers between 1848 and 1856 .
Josef Waldbauer ( Hungarian : Waldbauer József ; also Joseph Waldbauer , József Waldbauer ) ( 1861 - -1920 ) was an Austrian - Hungarian composer , violinist and music educator .
Anna d'Este ( 16 November 1531 -- 17 May 1607 ) was an important princess with considerable influence at the court of France and a central figure in the French Wars of Religion .
Kolgrim , also spelled Kollgrim or Kolgrimr , ( d. 1407 in Gardar , Greenland ) , was an alleged Norse sorcerer who was burned in Greenland for sorcery and adultery .
Yves Ryan ( 28 February 1928 -- 2 February 2014 ) was a Canadian politician in the province of Quebec .
Martha Parke Custis Peter ( 31 December 1777 -- 13 July 1854 ) was a granddaughter of Martha Dandridge Washington and the step - granddaughter of George Washington .
Janet Eiluned Lewis ( 1 November 1900 -- 15 April 1979 ) was a Welsh novelist , poet , and journalist .
Thomas Joseph Campbell ( 14 December 1871 -- 3 May 1946 ) , known as `` T. J. '' Campbell , was an Irish politician , barrister , journalist , author and Judge .
Isuf Vrioni ( 1916 - 2001 ) , also known as Jusuf Vrioni , was an Albanian translator , diplomat , and Albanian ambassador to UNESCO .
Maria dalle Carceri ( died 1323 ) was the wife of Albert Pallavicini who succeeded to half of the marquisate of Bodonitsa on his death in 1311 .
Michael George Zabetakis ( 7 July 1924 -- 21 January 2005 ) was a fire safety engineering specialist .
William Frederick Pattinson ( 1889 - -1970 ) was an Australian doctor and businessman , and chairman of Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Choiseul Investments .
Justus Claproth ( 28 December 1728 - 20 February 1805 ) was a German jurist and inventor of the deinking process of recycled paper .
Edmund Mills Hann ( 1850 -- 1931 ) was a Welsh prominent figure in the industrial life of South Wales , and a leading coal owner during the industrial struggles of the 1920s .
Benito Bello de Torices ( c. 1660 - -1714 ) was a Spanish composer , maestro at the Convent of Las Descalzas Reales and professor of music at the Royal College of Pages of His Majesty , Madrid , during the reigns of Charles II and Philip V. His family was minor gentry .
Minnie Louise Haskins ( 12 May 1875 -- 3 February 1957 ) was a British poet and an academic in the field of sociology , best known for being quoted by King George VI in his Royal Christmas Message of 1939 .
Peter Cameron Scott ( 1867 - -1896 ) was a Scottish - American missionary and founder of Africa Inland Mission .
In 303 or 304 , at the beginning of the Diocletian persecution , a deacon called Romanus of Caesarea in Palestine suffered martyrdom at Antioch .
Abu Mohammed Abdellah Ibn Mohammed Al - Azdi ( Arabic : ابو محمد عبدالله بن محمد الأزدي‎ ) ( ca . ? - 1033 CE ) , known also as Ibn Al - Thahabi , was an Arab physician , famous for writing the first known alphabetical encyclopedia of medicine .
Marie Souvestre ( 28 April 1830 - 30 March 1905 ) was a feminist educator who sought to develop independent minds in young women .
Dionysio Miseroni ( 1607 , Prague -- 1661 , Vienna ) was a Bohemian jeweler and stonecutter .
Harry Söderman ( 24 August 1902 -- 16 March 1956 ) was a Swedish police officer and criminalist .
Franciszek Ksawery Chomiński ( c. 1730 - 9 June 1809 ) was a Polish soldier , politician , translator and poet .
Percy Parsons ( 1878 - -1944 ) was an American - born actor and singer who worked largely in the British film industry .
Jamyang Donyo Gyaltsen ( 1310 - 1344 ) , in orthographic spelling Jam dbyangs don yod rgyal mts'an , was a ruler of Sakya which had a precedence position in Tibet under the Yuan dynasty .
Jacob Wallace ( August 1 , 1810 - -April 20 , 1847 ) was a pro - Mexican guerrilla leader in the Mexican--
Louis Seeger ( 1798 - -1865 ) was a German equestrian who published several books and was influential in the development of dressage .
Saint Verdiana ( Virginia Margaret del Mazziere ) ( 1182 -- 10 February 1242 ) is an Italian saint .
Heinrich von Herford ( also Heinrich von Hervord , Henricus de Hervordia ) , anglicized as Henry of Herford ( ~1300 - † 9 October 1370 ) was a Dominican friar , chronicler , historian , and theologian .
Masamine Sumitani ( 隅谷正峯 , born Sumitani Yoichiro ) ( 14 January 1921 -- 12 December 1998 ) was a Japanese swordsmith .
Sun Yuting ( 孫玉庭 ; Wade -- Giles : Sun Yu - t'ing ) ( 1752 - -1834 ) was Governor - general of Jiangxi , Jiangsu , and Anhui , and at the same time , served as a grand councillor .
Kotha Raghuramaiah ( 6 August 1912 -- 6 June 1979 ) was an Indian politician and Member of Parliament .
Wan Laisheng ( Chinese : 万籁声 ; 1903 - -1995 ) was a Chinese martial artist and author .
In 930 Beornheah received a grant from King Athelstan .
Sir James Wallace Sandford ( 20 March 1879 -- 9 July 1958 ) , usually referred to as J. Wallace Sandford and later as simply Wallace Sandford , was a businessman and politician in the State of South Australia .
Richard Peach ( 1949 - -2008 ) was an Australian Broadcasting Corporation news anchor , and the voice of the Australian speaking clock .
Blaise Duval de Hautmaret called Blaise Duval ( 4 September 1739 - 17 January 1803 ) was a French general of the Revolutionary Wars .
Park Jin ( Hangul : 박진 ; hanja : 朴晉 , 25 August 1560 -- March 1597 ) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty Army general and politician .
Konstantinos Lambrinopoulos or Lamprinopoulos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Λαμπρινόπουλος , 1893 - 1965 ) was a Greek judge , politician and Mayor of Patras from August 18 , 1950 until February 12 , 1951 .
Miles MacInnes ( 21 February 1830 -- 28 September 1909 ) was a British landowner , railway director and Liberal Party politician .
Mona Hofland ( 24 November 1929 -- 11 February 2010 ) was a Norwegian actress of theatre and television .
Mustafa Çelebi ( 1393 - -1422 ) , also called Düzmece Mustafa ( English : Impostor Mustafa ) , was an Ottoman prince ( Turkish : şehzade ) who struggled to gain the throne of the Ottoman Empire in the early 15th century .
Yasuaki Taiho , also known by his Chinese name Chen Tai - feng , ( 15 November 1963 -- 18 January 2015 ) was a Taiwanese professional baseball player in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Hanshin Tigers and Chunichi Dragons .
Jacques Édouard Quecq , a French historical painter , born at Cambrai in 1796 , and died in 1874 .
Rama Kamath ( died 1720 ) was a Mumbai ( Bombay)-based businessman and philanthropist .
Moira Shearer , Lady Kennedy ( 17 January 1926 -- 31 January 2006 ) , was an internationally renowned British ballet dancer and actress .
George of Trebizond ( 1395 - -1472 or 1473 ) was a Greek philosopher , scholar and humanist .
Günter Schmid ( 13 August 1932 -- 29 May 2005 ) was the founder and principal of the Formula One teams ATS and Rial Racing .
Monica Coghlan ( 3 April 1951 -- 27 April 2001 ) was an English sex worker at the centre of a scandal that involved British Conservative politician Jeffrey Archer in 1987 .
Alessandro Sani ( 1856 - 1927 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre subjects .
Dr William Herbert Hatfield FRS ( 10 April 1882 - 16 October 1943 ) was an English metallurgist who contributed to the development of stainless steel .
Jamtsangiin Damdinsüren ( Mongolian : Жамцангийн Дамдинсүрэн ) ( 1898 - -1938 ) was a Mongolian politician , member of the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party ( MPRP ) and titular Head of state of Mongolia from the period of January 16 , 1927 to January 23 , 1929 .
Breandán Breathnach ( 1 April 1912 -- 6 November 1985 ) was an Irish music collector and Uilleann piper .
Harold Collis Featherstone ( 13 May 1913 -- 29 September 1990 ) was an Australian Bahá'í from Adelaide .
Ödön Singer ( 14 October 1830 -- 23 January 1912 ) , also known as Edmund Singer , was a Hungarian violinist .
Alphonsus Josephus de Ridder ( 7 May 1882 - 31 May 1960 ) , was a Belgian writer and poet who wrote under the pseudonym Willem Elsschot ( pronounced ( ˈʋɪləm ˈɛlsxɔt ) ) .
Khan Bahadur Ahsanullah ( 27 December 1873 -- 9 February 1965 ) was an educator , litterateur , Islamic theologist and social reformer of Pre - partition India .
Nguyễn An ( Sino - Vietnamese 阮安 ; died 1453 ) , known in Chinese as Ruan An ( pinyin ) or Juan An ( Wade - Giles ) , was a Ming dynasty eunuch , architect , and hydraulic specialist between the first and fifth decades of the 15th century .
Edmund Wallace Hildick ( 1925 - -2001 ) was a prolific children 's book author , who wrote under the name E. W. Hildick .
Sunny Rogers ( 10 May 1913 -- 30 December 2005 ) was an English entertainer best known for her work with comedian Frankie Howerd .
Sir Henry de Bohun ( died 23 June 1314 ) was an English knight , the grandson of Humphrey de Bohun , 2nd Earl of Hereford .
Charles W. Gillam ( 1861 - -1933 ) was a state senator for Minnesota 's 10th district serving Cottonwood and Jackson counties .
Charles Richmond Henderson ( 1848 - -1915 ) was an American minister and sociologist .
Richard Helyer ( died 1446 ) was Archdeacon of Barnstaple from 1442 to 1445 and Archdeacon of Cornwall from 1445 to 1446 .
James Clow ( born 1790 in Scotland -- 1861 ) was a minister , and the first white settler in the area which now consists of the outer - eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Australia .
Josef Grassi ( 22 April 1757 - 7 January 1838 ) was an Austrian portrait and history painter .
Sir Christopher Pigott ( also Piggot or Pygott ) ( c.1558 - 1613 ) was an English politician , Member of Parliament for Buckinghamshire from 1604 to 1607 .
Hermann Leopoldi ( born Hersch Kohn ; 15 August 1888 -- 28 June 1959 ) was an Austrian composer and cabaret star who survived Buchenwald .
Ernest H. Wiegand ( July 10 , 1886 -- April 1973 ) was a professor of horticulture at Oregon State University who , in 1925 during prohibition , developed a brine method that led to the modern maraschino cherry .
Gonçalo Mendes de Sousa `` o Bom '' ( 1120 - -1190 ) was a Portuguese nobleman , participated in the Battle of Ourique .
Harold Frank ( 1921 - -1995 ) was an American abstract expressionist artist , born in Southampton , England .
Injo of Joseon ( 17 December 1595 -- 17 June 1649 , r. 1623 - -1649 ) was the sixteenth king of the Joseon dynasty in Korea .
Theodor August Heintzman ( birth name Theodore August Heintzmann ) ( 19 May 1817 -- 25 July 1899 ) was a German - born Canadian piano manufacturer ( Heintzman & Co. ) and inventor , best known for founding the piano company which still bears his name .
Rudolf II , Duke of Saxe - Wittenberg , nicknamed Rudolf the Blind , ( c. 1307 -- 6 December 1370 in Wittenberg ) was a member of the House of Ascania , He was Elector of Saxony and Duke of Saxe - Wittenberg from 1356 until his death .
Li Zi ( 李滋 ) ( died 897 ) , formally the Prince of Tong ( 通王 ) , was an imperial prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty .
Desideratus ( died 550 ) was a French saint in the Christian church from Soissons .
Sir Alexander Blackie William Kennedy , LLD , FRS , FRGS ( 17 March 1847 -- 1 November 1928 ) , better known simply as Alexander Kennedy , was a leading British civil and electrical engineer and academic .
Zhang Yanlang ( 張延朗 ) ( d. January 14 , 937 ? ) was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period states Later Liang and Later Tang .
Kenneth Levenberg ( August 6 , 1919 -- September 1973 ) was an American statistician and original author of the widely used nonlinear least squares fitting algorithm later improved by Donald Marquardt , known as the Levenberg--
Walter A. O'Brien , Jr. ( December 19 , 1914 -- July 3 , 1998 ) was a Progressive Party politician from Boston , Massachusetts , United States in the 1940s .
Hon'inbō Hakugen ( 本因坊伯元 , 1726 - -1754 ) was a Japanese professional go player , and eighth head of the Honinbo house .
Bernice Morrison ( sometimes Berenice Morrison ) ( 1857 - -1947 ) was an American heiress and benefactor of the Morrison Observatory .
Petrus Dasypodius ( Peter Hasenfratz , ca . 1495 - 1559 ) was a Swiss humanist .
Sultan Agung of Mataram , Sultan Agung Anyokrokusumo or Sultan Agung Hanyokrokusumo ( Ha and A are both written using the same character in Javanese script ) was the third Sultan of Mataram in Central Java ruling from 1613 - 1645 .
Tofilau Eti Alesana , AC , born Aualamalefalelima Alesana , ( 4 June 1924 -- 19 March 1999 ) was a Samoan politician .
Horace William Finlinson ( 9 June 1871 -- 31 October 1956 ) was an England rugby international .
Dic Jones ( 1934 -- 18 August 2009 ) , was a Welsh language poet and the Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales .
Seyran Osipov ( Russian : Сейран Осипов ; born 4 December 1961 ; died 13 January 2008 of heart failure ) was a Russian professional footballer .
Pramarn Adireksarn ( Thai : ประมาณ อดิเรกสาร , rtgs : Praman Adireksan , 31 December 1913 - -20 August 2010 ) was a Thai military officer and politician .
' Abd ar - Rahman ibn al - Qasim al-'Utaqi ( 750 -- 806 ) ( 132 AH -- 191 AH ) , better known as Ibn al - Qasim was a prominent early jurist in the Maliki school from Egypt .
Dr. John Marden B.A. , M.A. , LL.D ( 9 April 1855 -- 29 October 1924 ) was an Australian Headmaster , pioneer of women 's education , and Presbyterian elder .
Ulrika Eleonora Stålhammar ( 1683 in Svenarum -- 16 February 1733 at Björnskog in Hultsjö ) , was a Swedish corporal and crossdresser who served in the Great Northern War .
Richard Barrett Davis ( 1782 - -1854 ) was an animal and landscape painter .
Pierre Étienne Louis Dumont ( 18 July 1759 -- 29 September 1829 ) , known as Étienne Dumont , sometimes anglicised as Stephen Dumont , was a Genevan political writer .
Fernand Taillantou ( 17 February 1905 - 9 January 1988 ) was a French rugby union player who played for the France national rugby union team .
Renzo Barbieri ( 10 March 1940 -- 23 September 2007 ) was an author and editor of Italian comics and the founder of the publishing house Edifumetto .
Ruwaym died in the year 303 of the Islamic calendar , corresponding to the year 915 on the Gregorian calendar .
James Ernest Mangnall ( 4 January 1866 -- 13 January 1932 ) was an English football manager who started his career with Burnley and managed Manchester United between 1903 - -1912 and then went on to manage Manchester City from 1912 - -1924 , and is the only man to date to have managed both clubs .
Örn Clausen ( 8 November 1928 -- 12 December 2008 ) was an Icelandic athlete who competed mainly in the decathlon .
Reverend Dr Thomas Meredith D.D , F.T.C.D. ( 1777 - -1819 ) was an Anglo - Irish clergyman , Doctor of Divinity , Fellow of Trinity College , Dublin , and a distinguished mathematician who gave his findings before the Royal Irish Academy in Dublin .
Charles Fairfax , 5th Viscount Fairfax of Emley ( died 6 July 1711 ) , was an English peer .
Otto Goritz ( 1873 - April 13 , 1929 ) was a baritone with the Metropolitan Opera from 1903 to 1917 .
John Joseph Cotman ( 1814 - -1878 ) was an English landscape painter , the son of John Sell Cotman .
John Cartier ( 1733 -- 25 January 1802 ) was a British colonial governor in India .
André Willequet ( 3 January 1921 -- 1 July 1998 ) was a Belgian abstract sculptor .
Henry Sweetser Burrage ( 7 January 1837 , Fitchburg , Massachusetts - 9 March 1926 ) was a United States clergyman , editor and author .
Kalyan Swami ( 1636 - -1714 ) was a noted 17th - century swami .
George St George , 1st Baron St George ( c. 1658 -- 4 August 1735 ) , was an Irish politician .
Louis de Monge ( Count Pierre Louis de Monge de Franeau ) ( 1890 - -New York , 25 July 1977 ) was a notable Belgian engineer .
William Ashe - à Court ( c. 1708 -- 2 August 1781 ) was a British military commander and Member of Parliament .
Peter G. Marbaniang ( ca . 1939 -- 29 September 1997 ) was an Indian politician in the Meghalaya state assembly and at the national level was a representative in the Lok Sabha from 1989 to 1996 .
Sir Thomas Barrington , 2nd Baronet ( died September 1644 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1644 .
Hatefi , ' Abd - Allah ( Persian : هاتفی‎ ) was a Persian poet ( 1454 - -1521 ) and nephew of Abdul Rahman Jami .
Michael Habeck ( 23 April 1944 -- 4 February 2011 ) was a German actor who was best known for providing the German dubbing for Oliver Hardy after Bruno W. Pantel died .
Balthasar Moretus or Balthasar I Moretus ( 23 July 1574 -- 8 July 1641 ) was a Flemish printer and head of the Officina Plantiniana , the printing company established by his grandfather Christophe Plantin in Antwerp in 1555 .
Kiril Pandov ( Bulgarian : Кирил Пандов ) ( 25 August 1928 -- 21 March 2014 ) was a Bulgarian football player .
The purported mummified remains of Hazel Farris ( c. 1880 -- December 20 , 1906 ) traveled the American South and were displayed for a long time at the Bessemer Hall of History in Bessemer , Alabama as Hazel the Mummy .
Henry Meagher ( 1902 - -1982 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a full - forward for the Kilkenny senior team .
Herb Joolen ( 27 August 1890 -- 7 September 1967 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jacques de Harlay , lord of Champvallon or Chanvallon ( ? - 3 April 1630 ) was a French nobleman .
Charles - Amador Martin , ( 7 March 1648 -- 19 June 1711 ) , second Canadian to be ordained a priest , the first being Germain Morin .
Hans Hansen Bergen ( circa 1610 -- 1654 ) was one of the earliest settlers of the Dutch colony of New Amsterdam , and one of the few from Scandinavia .
Sir John Ayloffe , 5th Baronet ( died 10 December 1730 ) was an English clergyman , Rector of Stanford Rivers in Essex from 1707 until 1730 .
Dorothy Annan ( 20 January 1900 -- 28 June 1983 ) was an English painter , potter and muralist , married to the painter and sculptor Trevor Tennant .
Aksel Nielsen ( January 11 , 1901 -- October 1984 ) was a Danish - born American philanthropist , founder of the Mortgage Banking Association 's School of Mortgage Banking , a member of the Civil and Defense Mobilization Board and close friend and financial adviser to President Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Henry Grube ( died 1582 ) , of Devizes , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Gilles le Vinier ( died 1252 ) was a trouvère from a middle - class family of Arras .
Alban Schachleiter ( 20 January 1861 -- 20 June 1937 ) was a Roman Catholic Benedictine monk and musicologist .
Matteo Sandonà ( 1881 - -1964 ) was a painter born in Schio , Italy and raised in the Alps .
Álvaro Ulcué Chocué ( 1943 - -1984 ) was a Colombian Catholic priest and a member of the Paez people that became an activist in the defense of the rights of his people , as well as ethnic minorities and poor people of his country .
Joseph Friedrich Freiherr von Racknitz ( 1744 - -1818 ) was part of the Racknitz family from Steiermark , Germany , a family that originated in 1180 at Castle Perneck .
Percy Ogden ( 24 February 1886 -- 13 July 1967 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with and coached Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
George Coats , 1st Baron Glentanar ( 11 February 1849 -- 26 November 1918 ) , was a Scottish cotton manufacturer .
Tuoba Yulü ( Chinese : 拓跋鬱律 ; pinyin : Tuòbá Yùlǜ ; died 321 ) ruled as prince of the Tuoba Dai 316 to 321 .
Ira Spring ( 1918 - -2003 ) was an American photographer , author , mountaineer and hiking advocate .
David Ayalon ( 1914 -- 25 June 1998 ) was an Israeli historian of Islam and the Middle East , specializing in the Mamluk dynasties of Egypt .
Joseph Gregorio II ( French : Joseph Grégoire II ; born 26 April 1847 -- 21 November 1868 ) was the last King or ʻAkariki ( paramount chief ) of the island of Mangareva , and other Gambier Islands including Akamaru , Aukena , Taravai and Temoe .
Goparaju Ramachandra Rao ( nickname : Gora ) ( 15 November 1902 -- 26 July 1975 ) was an Indian social reformer , atheist activist and a participant in the Indian independence movement .
Sir James William Tudor Thomas universally known as Tudor Thomas ( 23 May 1893 - 23 January 1976 ) was a Welsh ophthalmic surgeon who came to note in 1934 when pioneering work on corneal grafting restored the sight of a man who had been nearly blind for 27 years .
Sir Emil Hugo Oscar Robert Ropner , 1st Baronet ( circa 1838-February 1924 ) , was a British shipbuilder , shipowner , and Conservative Member of Parliament .
Maxine Audley ( 29 April 1923 -- 23 July 1992 ) was an English theatre and film actress .
Hazel Buckham ( 27 December 1888 -- 4 September 1959 ) was an American stage and early silent film actress .
Peter Thorstensen ( 1752 - -1792 ) was a Danish physician and chemist who settled in Norway .
Milne McCooke ( 9 October 1934 -- 23 December 2010 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Alan Burrough , CBE ( 22 February 1917 -- 23 July 2002 ) was a British businessman , army officer and rower .
Ursula Pearson Bellah ( 1929 - -2006 ) was a German - born , American actress , author , and businesswoman , most famous for her role as Hilda in the science fiction film Teenagers From Outer Space ( 1959 ) and for her autobiographical perspective on Nazi Germany Surviving the Judas Factor :
Ann Codee ( March 5 , 1890 - -May 18 , 1961 ) was a Belgian actress with numerous hit films on her résumé .
Gianluca Signorini ( 17 March 1960 -- 6 November 2002 ) was an Italian football player , mostly known for his time spent at Genoa C.F.C ..
William Mintram ( March 1866 -- 15 April 1912 ) was a fireman on the RMS Titanic until it struck an iceberg on 14 April 1912 .
Michael Joseph Quin ( 1796 -- 19 February 1843 ) was an Irish author , traveller , journalist and editor .
William Danby ( 1752 -- 4 December 1833 ) was an English writer who rebuilt his family home of Swinton Park , North Yorkshire , in Gothick taste and recreated Stonehenge on considerable scale in his park , as the `` Druids ' Temple '' .
Bulleh Shah , sometimes Bulla(h ) Shah ( 1680 - -1757 ) ( Punjabi : بلھے شاہ ( Shahmukhi ) ; ਬੁੱਲ੍ਹੇ ਸ਼ਾਹ ( Gurumukhi ) ) was a Punjabi Sufi poet , humanist and philosopher .
Osias Tager ( 21 June 1914 -- 26 March 2005 ) was a British businessman who was one of the founders of the Ravenswood community , a residential community for adults with learning difficulties .
John Altmann ( 8 December 1916 -- 16 April 1983 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dave Nichols was a prominent musician in Houston , Texas , particularly on the jazz scene between the years 1982 and 1996 .
Cornelis van der Voort or van der Voorde ( 1576 -- buried on 2 November 1624 ) was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter from the early 17th century .
William John Gruffydd ( 14 February 1881 -- 29 September 1954 ) was a Welsh academic , poet , writer , and politician .
Dr. Isabella Gordon , D.Sc . , OBE ( 18 May 1901 - - 11 May 1988 ) was a respected Scottish marine biologist who specialised in carcinology and was an expert in crabs and sea spiders .
Lucy Baldwin , Countess Baldwin of Bewdley , GBE , DGStJ ( née Ridsdale ; 19 June 1869 -- 17 June 1945 ) was an English writer and activist for maternity health .
Peggy Angus ( 9 November 1904 -- 28 October 1993 ) was the popular name of Margaret MacGregor Angus , a painter , designer and educator .
Jovan Naumović ( 11 November 1879 -- 13 February 1945 ) was an Armijski đeneral in the Royal Yugoslav Army who commanded the 3rd Territorial Army during the German - led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia of April 1941 during World War II . Naumović 's command consisted of three infantry divisions and some smaller formations .
Henry Formby ( born 1816 ; died at Normanton Hall , Leicester , 12 March 1884 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest and writer .
Christian Kramer ( died 1834 ) was a composer , arranger , musician and Master of the King 's Musick between 1829 and 1834 .
George Thornhill ( 10 August 1811 -- 4 February 1875 ) was an English cricketer with amateur status who was active from 1831 to 1836 .
Nathaniel Hardy ( 1618 - -1670 ) was an English churchman , Dean of Rochester from 1660 .
John Thomson Faris ( 23 January 1871 -- 13 April 1949 ) was an American editor , author , and clergyman .
Dave Sands , ( born David Ritchie ) , ( 24 February 1926 -- 11 August 1952 ) was an Indigenous Australian boxer .
Thomas Mann Baynes ( 1794 - -1876 ) was an English artist and lithographer .
Count Bálint Török de Enying ( 1502 - -1551 ) was a Hungarian aristocrat , Ban of Nándorfehérvár ( Belgrade ) , and between 1527 - 1542 the Lord of Csesznek .
Juliana Mary Louisa Probyn , known as May Probyn ( 12 April 1856 -- 29 March 1909 ) was an English poet , one of a group of lively and somewhat political British fin de siècle poets .
Giuseppe Gaetano Descalzi ( 1767 - 1855 ) was a Genoese furniture maker , best known as the inventor of the Chiavari chair .
Yasuo Matsui ( 1877 -- 1962 ) was a prominent 20th century Japanese American architect .
Alhaji Ganiyu Akanbi Bello ( 10 July 1930 -- 5 June 2014 ) was a prominent Yoruba community leader and business tycoon .
Albertus Bryne ( variants : Albert Bryan ; Albert Brian ) ( ca . 1621 -- 2 December 1668 ) was an English organist and composer .
Colonel Richard Lee I ( 1617 - -1664 ) , later nicknamed `` The Immigrant '' was the first member of the Lee family to live in America ; he emigrated from Shropshire , England to Virginia in 1639 .
Johann Gustav Stickel ( 7 July 1805 -- 21 January 1896 ) was a German theologian , orientalist and numismatist .
Andrea Cambini or Andreas Cambinus ( 1445/1460 - -1527 ) was an Italian historian , humanist and writer .
Pope Eleuterus ( died 189 ) , also known as Eleutherius , was the Bishop of Rome from c. 174 to his death in 189 .
Father Francesco Antonio Calegari ( died 1742 ) was an Italian baroque music theorist , composer and priest .
Walter Krueger ( 26 January 1881 -- 20 August 1967 ) was an American soldier and general officer in the first half of the 20th century .
Reinier van Oldenbarnevelt , lord of Groeneveld , ( also known as Reinier van Groeneveld ) ( c. 1588 -- 29 March 1623 ) was a Dutch political figure .
Zhang He ( died 231 ) , courtesy name Junyi , was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
( John ) Owen Jenkins ( 13 June 1906 - 9 August 1988 ) was an eminent Welsh Anglican priest in the Twentieth century .
John Ellis Dowell Williams , known as Jed Williams ( 12 June 1952 -- 10 November 2003 ) , was a Welsh jazz journalist and the founder and artistic director of the Brecon Jazz Festival .
Anthony Mooyart ( 6 December 1698 , Jaffna -- 1 January 1767 , Jaffna ) was an acting Governor of Ceylon during the Dutch period in Ceylon .
Li Fanwu ( Chinese : 李范五 ) ( May 3 , 1912 -- 1986 ) original name Li Fude ( Chinese : 李福德 ) , also known as Zhang Song ( Chinese : 张松 ) , was a People 's Republic of China politician .
William Leybourn ( 1626 - -1716 ) was an English mathematician and land surveyor .
Martin Mølster ( 11 October 1900 -- 13 March 1968 ) was a Norwegian pentathlete .
Charlotte Mary Matheson ( died 8 April 1937 in Cornwall , England ) was an English novelist .
Alexandru Batcu ( 1892 - -1964 ) was a Romanian Brigadier - General during World War II . From 1941 to 1943 , he served as Commanding Officer 28th Fortress Regiment .
Joseph Branch ( 1915 - -1991 ) was an American jurist who served as Associate Justice ( 1966 - -1979 ) and then Chief Justice ( 1979 - -1986 ) of the North Carolina Supreme Court .
Bob Puflett ( 17 August 1881 -- 5 August 1968 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Geoffrey Burridge ( 4 December 1948 - 30 September 1987 ) was an English actor noted for his performances in theatre and television .
Otto von Wettstein , name also given as Otto Wettstein - Westersheimb , ( 7 August 1892 , Vienna -- 10 July 1967 ) was an Austrian zoologist .
Antonio García Reinoso ( 1623 - -1677 ) , a Spanish painter , was born at Granada , and studied under Sebastián Martínez Domedel , an artist of some eminence , at Jaen .
George Rushout , 3rd Baron Northwick ( 30 August 1811 -- 11 November 1887 ) , was a British Conservative politician .
Murat Toptani ( 1867 - -1918 ) was an Albanian poet , artist and activist of the Albanian National Awakening .
Ernst Seifert ( 9 May 1855 -- 27 April 1928 ) was a German organ builder and founder of a company named after him .
Jane Georgiana Seymour , Duchess of Somerset ( née Sheridan ; 5 November 1809 -- 14 December 1884 ) , was the wife of Edward , Duke of Somerset .
Judy Rodgers ( 28 October 1956 - 2 December 2013 ) was an American chef and cookery book writer .
Christopher Heseltine , OBE ( 26 November 1869 in South Kensington , London , England -- 13 June 1944 , Walhampton , Lymington , Hampshire , England ) was a cricketer .
Dr. Louisa Garrett Anderson , CBE ( 28 July 1873 -- 15 November 1943 ) was a medical pioneer , a member of the Women 's Social and Political Union , a suffragette , and social reformer .
Lieutenant General William Hargrave ( died 21 January 1751 ) was Governor of Gibraltar .
Nasser bin Zayed Al Nahyan ( died 2 June 2008 ) was an Emirati royal and a member of the Al Nahyans .
Catrin ferch Owain Glyndŵr ( died 1413 ) was one of the daughters ( probably the eldest ) of Margaret Hanmer and Owain Glyndŵr .
John William Grover ( 20 April 1836 -- 23 August 1892 ) , was an early English consulting civil engineer responsible for several notable buildings in London , and railway lines in England , Wales , Mexico and Venezuela .
William Terry Couch ( 1901 - -1989 ) was a U.S. intellectual and academic editor , known primarily for his work as director of the University of Chicago Press in the 1940s , and his work as Editor in Chief of Collier 's Encyclopedia in the 1950s and 1960s .
Elizabeth Poole or Pole ( 25 August 1588 -- 21 May 1654 ) was an English settler in Plymouth Colony who founded the town of Taunton , Massachusetts .
Abigail Becker ( 1830 - -1905 ) , known as the Angel of Long Point , was a Canadian woman credited with saving the lives of numerous sailors caught in storms along the shores of Long Point .
Canon Emani Sambayya ( 1905 - -1972 ) was an Anglican Priest , who was born in Bodipalem in Guntur District , Andhra Pradesh .
General The Hon . James St Clair ( 1688 -- 30 November 1762 ) , was a Scottish soldier and Whig politician .
Lionel de Welles , 6th Baron Welles , KG ( c.1406 -- 29 March 1461 ) was an English peer who served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and Joint Deputy of Calais .
Guenther Boden ( 1935 -- 30 October 2015 ) was a German - born American endocrinologist and diabetes researcher who helped link insulin resistance with fatty acids in the blood .
William Thomas Lowndes ( c. 1798 -- 31 July 1843 ) , English bibliographer , was born about 1798 , the son of a London bookseller .
Neil Conlan ( 7 August 1936 -- 22 July 1978 ) was an Australian football player from Tasmania .
Zwi Perez Chajes , also Tzvi - Peretz Hayot , ( 1876 -- 14 December 1927 ) was a rabbi , historian , biblical scholar and a notable Zionist leader .
George Vaus ( died 1508 ) was a Scottish prelate from the late 15th and early 16th century .
Leo Rush ( 10 July 1890 -- 5 August 1983 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Albert Sadacca ( February 6 , 1901 -- December 1980 ) is credited with popularizing electric Christmas tree lights for private use .
Henry Balcom ( ca 1804 -- July 14 , 1882 ) was a shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia .
John Kendal ( sometimes John Kendall ) ( c. 1400 -- 1485 ) was secretary to Richard III of England .
Alice Copping ( 14 May 1906 -- 21 August 1982 ) was senior lecturer in nutrition , Queen Elizabeth College , University of London .
Wheeler Hazard Peckham ( January 1 , 1833 -- September 27 , 1905 ) was an American lawyer from New York and a failed nominee to the Supreme Court of the United States .
Bob Childress ( 1890 - -1956 ) was a Presbyterian minister who was born in the town of Ararat , Virginia and raised in the Primitive Baptist tradition .
Herbert Geoffrey Willans , RNVR , ( 4 February 1911 -- 6 August 1958 ) , an English author and journalist , is best known as the co - creator , with the illustrator Ronald Searle , of Nigel Molesworth , the `` goriller of 3b and curse of St. Custard 's '' .
Wylie Chambers ( 4 October 1928 -- 9 August 1953 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Anna Sophia van Schönborn ( around 1696 - November 5 , 1760 ) was a Countess of Hoensbroek .
Jüri Lossmann ( 4 February ( O.S. 23 January ) 1891 -- 1 May 1984 ) was an Estonian long distance runner .
Giacomo Rampini ( 1680 - 27 May 1760 ) was an Italian composer of operas , oratorios , and sacred music .
Abd al - Rahman ibn Habib al - Fihri ( died 755 ) was an Arab noble of the Oqbid or Fihrid family , and ruler of Ifriqiya ( North Africa ) from 745 through 755 AD .
Ali Ekber Çiçek ( 1935 -- 26 April 2006 ) was a Turkish musician .
George Furness ( 31 October 1820 -- 9 January 1900 ) was a Victorian construction engineer and benefactor .
Margrethe of Roskilde , also called Margrethe of Ølse ( d. 1176 ) , was a Roman Catholic Danish local saint .
Albert Eustace Haydon ( 1880 - -1975 ) was a Canadian historian of religion and a leader of the Humanist movement .
Louis Groston de Saint - Ange de Bellerive ( 1700 - -1774 ) , was an officer in the French marine troops in New France .
Karel Svoboda ( 19 December 1938 -- 28 January 2007 ) was a Czech composer of popular music .
Henry George Hughes ( 10 August 1810 -- 22 July 1872 ) was an Irish judge , politician , and third Baron of the Court of Exchequer .
Albert Hansen ( December 13 , 1871 -- 1943 ) was an American football player , coach , and politician .
Hugh Conn McCall , usually known by his middle name ( 29 March 1940 in Holywood , County Down , Northern Ireland -- 7 June 2002 in Bangor , County Down ) was an Irish cricketer .
Mrkša Žarković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мркша Жарковић ) was a Serbian nobleman who ruled the parts of today 's southern Albania from 1396 to 1414 .
Harold Alexander Abramson ( November 27 , 1899 -- September 1980 ) was an American physician ( allergist and pediatrician ) noted as an early advocate of therapeutic LSD .
Merrill Pye ( 14 August 1902 -- 17 November 1975 ) was an American art director .
Helmut Qualtinger ( alt . sp . Helmuth Qualtinger ) ( 8 October 1928 -- 29 September 1986 ) was an Austrian actor , writer , reciter and cabaret performer .
Harry Marshall Groom BCL ( July 9 , 1894 - -1964 ) was a Canadian lawyer and politician in the Province of New Brunswick .
Norah Blaney ( 16 July 1893 -- 7 December 1983 ) , born Norah Mignon Cordwell , was a music hall performer .
Richard Delahide ( died 1540 ) was an Irish judge of the sixteenth century , who held the offices of Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer .
Les Warren ( 22 September 1896 -- 9 October 1972 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Charles Wicksteed ( 1810 - -1885 ) was a Unitarian minister , part of the tradition of English Dissenters .
Jack Plunkett ( 5 January 1911 - 16 December 1985 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Arthur Tonge ( 18 December 1887 -- 1 June 1963 ) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly between 1926 and 1932 and from 1935 to 1962 .
Ouyang Zhan ( Chinese : 歐陽詹 ; 758 - -801 ; courtesy name Xingzhou 行周 ) was a scholar of the late Tang dynasty .
Norman Andrews ( 1 May 1899 -- 5 November 1971 ) was an English first class cricketer who played his games for Northamptonshire County Cricket Club .
Johnny Coghlan ( 24 April 1876 -- 21 October 1916 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jacob Cochran ( also Cochrane , 1782 - 1836 ) was a non - denominational preacher born in Enfield , New Hampshire , USA who founded the Cochranites in Saco , Maine .
Charles Nuttall ( born James Charles Nuttall ; 6 September 1872 -- 28 November 1934 ) was an Australian artist noted for his illustrations .
Juan Bustillo Oro ( 2 June 1904 -- 10 June 1989 ) was a Mexican film director , screenwriter and producer , whose career spanned over 38 years .
George Harris , 1st Baron Harris GCB ( 18 March 1746 -- 19 May 1829 ) was a British soldier .
Henry Tufts ( 1748 - -1831 ) was an infamous 18th century thief who committed various crimes in northern New England .
John W. Sidgmore ( April 9 , 1951 -- December 11 , 2003 ) became the Chief Executive Officer of UUNET Technologies in June 1994 .
Gasparo Berti ( c. 1600 -- 1643 ) was an Italian mathematician , astronomer and physicist .
Henry Lyall Hall ( 22 July 1861 -- 23 May 1935 ) was an Australian politician , serving as the member for Perth in the Legislative Assembly from 1897 until 1901 .
Sir Peter Heatly , CBE , DL ( 9 June 1924 -- 17 September 2015 ) was a Scottish diver and Chairman of the Commonwealth Games Federation .
Mieczysław Mickiewicz ( 1879 -- before 1939 ) was a Ukrainian politician and lawyer of Polish descent , later a statesman of the Second Polish Republic .
Sir William David Ross KBE FBA ( /rɒs/ ; 15 April 1877 -- 5 May 1971 ) , known as David Ross but usually cited as W. D. Ross , was a Scottish philosopher who is known for his work in ethics .
Dugald Carmichael ( born 1772 in Stronacraoibh , Lismore Island , died 1827 in Appin ) was a Scottish botanist and officer in the 72nd Highlanders .
Haji Abdul Rahman bin Haji Abdul Hamid ( --1929 ) was an ulema , known as Haji Abdul Rahman Limbong because he visited Limbong , Kemaman to teach Islam and start trading .
Dudley Ryder , 1st Earl of Harrowby , PC , FSA ( 22 December 1762 -- 26 December 1847 ) was a prominent British politician of the Pittite faction and the Tory party .
Jan Daniłowicz ( 1570 - -1628 ) was a Polish nobleman , voivode of the Ruthenian Voivodeship and grandfather of King Jan III Sobieski .
Arthur Hoeber ( 23 July 1854 New York City -- 29 April 1915 Nutley , New Jersey ) was a United States painter best known for his writing on art - related subjects .
John Holles , 1st Earl of Clare ( May 1564 -- 4 October 1637 ) was an English nobleman .
Philip C. Hayden ( 1854 - -1925 ) was the primary force in organizing the Music Supervisors National Conference , later the Music Educators National Conference ( MENC ) .
Eli Robinson ( 23 June 1911 - 24 December 1972 ) was a jazz trombonist and arranger .
Kurt Gingold ( 1929 - -1997 ) was an Austrian - American scientific translator , and a charter member and second president of the American Translators Association .
Charles Eamer Kempe ( 29 June 1837 -- 29 April 1907 ) was a Victorian stained glass designer and manufacturer .
Walther Cloos ( born in Darmstadt , Germany 22 June 1900 and died in Ulm , Germany , 30 June 1985 ) was a pharmacist , alchemist , Anthroposophist , lecturer , researcher , inventor , author and pioneer in anthroposophical pharmacy .
Max Uhlemann , in full Maximilian Adolph Uhlemann ( died 1862 ) was a German Egyptologist who in 1853 published the third Latin translation of the Egyptian hieroglyphic text of the Rosetta Stone inscription .
Sir Hale Horatio Shephard ( 1842 - 19 April 1921 ) was a British lawyer who served as the Advocate - General of the Madras Presidency in 1885 and acted as Chief Justice of the Madras High Court in 1898 .
Li Shou ( Chinese : 李壽 ; 300 - -343 ) , courtesy name Wukao ( 武考 ) , formally Emperor Zhaowen of ( Cheng ) Han ( ( 成)漢昭文帝 ) , was an emperor of the Chinese / Ba - Di state Cheng Han .
Simon Carl Stanley ( 12 December 1703 -- 17 February 1761 ) was a Danish sculptor of English parentage .
Roger Panes ( 1933 - -1974 ) , was a British member of the Exclusive branch of the Plymouth Brethren .
George G. Williams ( 1 May 1902 - 1 December 2000 ) was professor emeritus of English and creative writing at Rice University .
Federico Carlos Lehmann ( 1914 - -1974 ) was a Colombian ornithologist , plant collector and conservation biologist .
Aglaia Coronio ( née Ionides ; 1834 -- 20 August 1906 , Greek : Αγλαΐα Κορωνιού ) was a British embroiderer , bookbinder , art collector and patron of the arts .
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Chaloner Ogle KB ( 1681 -- 11 April 1750 ) was a Royal Navy officer and politician .
Mauro Francaviglia ( 22 June 1953 -- 24 June 2013 ) was an Italian mathematician born in Torino .
Belinda Dann ( 4 July 1900 -- 9 October 2007 ) was an Indigenous Australian born as Quinlyn Warrakoo to an Irish cattle station manager and a Nykina mother .
Count Imre Cseszneky de Milvány et Csesznek ( 1804 - 1874 ) was a Hungarian agriculturist and patriot , born in 1804 to the impoverished Bácska branch of the Cseszneky family .
Rudolphe Cabanel ( also Rudolph ) ( 1763 - -1839 ) was a German architect , engineer and machinist , known for his work on British theatres .
Richeza Magnusdotter of Sweden ( 1285 -- 17 December 1348 ) , was a Swedish princess and abbess .
Gustav Böhrnsen ( 24 January 1914 -- 21 June 1998 ) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) , who served as chairman of the SPD group in the Parliament of Bremen ( the Bürgerschaft ) from 1968 to 1971 .
Valentina Kulagina ( 1902 - -1987 ) was a Russian painter and book , poster , and exhibition designer .
Alwyn Ruddock ( 1916 - -2005 ) was a noted British historian of the Age of Discovery , best known for her research on the ' English ' voyages of the 15th - century explorer John Cabot .
António Raposo Tavares o Velho ( Portuguese : the old one ) ( 1598 - -1658 ) was a Portuguese colonial bandeirante who explored mainland eastern South America and claimed it for Portugal , extending the territory of the colony beyond the limits imposed by the treaty of Tordesillas .
Marie Zimmermann ( 17 June 1879 - 17 June 1972 ) was an American designer and maker of jewelry and metalwork .
Sir Chandeshwar Prasad Narayan Singh , CIE ( 1901 - 1993 ) was a freedom fighter , diplomat and administrator .
Edward Blake Huffman known as Blake Huffman ( 29 April 1902 -- 14 July 1985 ) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Séamus Gardiner ( 1894 -- 1976 in Tipperary ) , was the 14th president of the Gaelic Athletic Association ( 1943 - -1946 ) .
Sir Cyril Osborne ( 19 June 1898 -- 31 August 1969 ) was a Justice of the Peace for Leicestershire , and a British Conservative politician who served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Louth constituency in Lincolnshire from 1945 until his death .
Roxey Ann Caplin ( 1793 -- 2 August 1888 ) was a British writer and inventor .
Ruth Edna Kelley ( 8 April 1893 -- 4 March 1982 ) was an American librarian and author .
Charles Quarles ( died 1727 ) , musician , graduated Mus .
Richard Sylvan ( 13 December 1935 -- 16 June 1996 ) was a philosopher , logician , and environmentalist .
William Lucas Sargant ( 1809 - -1889 ) was an English educational reformer and political economist .
Simon of Bet - Titta ( died 447 ) was a Christian martyr at Bet - Titta , near Karka in Mesopotamia .
John Truscott ( 23 February 1936 -- 5 September 1993 ) was an Australian actor , production designer , costume designer and artistic director .
Philo of Byblos ( Greek : Φίλων , Phílōn ; Latin : Philo Byblius ; c. 64 -- 141 CE ) , also known as Herennius Philon , was an antiquarian writer of grammatical , lexical and historical works in Greek .
Veera Ballala II ( Kannada : ವೀರ ಬಲ್ಲಾಳ 2 ) ( r.1173 - -1220 CE ) was the most notable monarch of the Hoysala Empire .
Lala Gurusharan Lal Bhadani ( 1901 - 1955 ) was a noted industrialist and coal miner from Gaya , India Lala Gurusharan Lal was one of the noted industrialists of the Indian state of Bihar .
Th . Hasle ( 1883/1884 -- 1964 ) was a Norwegian civil servant .
Harris Martin ( 1865 - 1903 ) was an African American boxer known as `` The Black Pearl '' who was the first colored middleweight champion of the world .
John Napier of Merchiston ( /ˈneɪpɪər/ ; 1550 -- 4 April 1617 ; also signed as Neper , Nepair ; nicknamed Marvellous Merchiston ) was a Scottish landowner known as a mathematician , physicist , and astronomer .
Frank Jewett Mather ( 1868 - -1953 ) was an American art critic and professor .
Alan Murphy ( 18 November 1953 -- 19 October 1989 ) was an English rock session guitarist , best remembered for his collaborations with Kate Bush and Go West .
Jerome Bellamy ( died 1586 ) , of Uxenden Hall , near London , England , was a member of an old Roman Catholic recusant family noted for its hospitality to missionaries and fellow recusants .
Don Sharpe ( 4 July 1929 - 13 November 2004 ) was a sound editor .
Richard Hardinge ( c.1593 -- 24 August 1658 ) was Groom to the Bedchamber to the then Prince of Wales ( later King Charles II of England ) .
Muhandiram Lansage Andiris Perera Dharmagunawardhana ( 19 November 1809 -- 24 January 1890 ) was a Sri Lankan businessman , a philanthropist and a pioneer of the Buddhist revival movement .
Harry Phelan Gibb ( a.k.a . William Phelan `` Harry '' Gibb ) ( 1870 - -1948 ) was a British artist influenced by the work of Paul Cézanne , who exhibited in London , Paris and New York .
Romeyn Beck Hough ( 1857 - -1924 ) was an American physician and botanist best known for creating The American Woods , a 14-volume collection of wood samples from across North America .
Lyn Blumenthal ( 1949 - 1988 ) was an American video artist and writer .
Donald Macpherson Baillie ( 1887 -- 1954 ) was a Scottish theologian , ecumenist , and parish minister .
Frances Eleanor Jarman ( October , 1803 ? -- February , 1873 ) was a British actress who appeared in Ireland , Scotland , England , America and Canada .
Deasún Breathnach ( died 2007 ) was an Irish writer and journalist .
Alexis Kirk ( 29 December 1936 -- 17 May 2010 ) was an American - born Armenian jewelry designer who also designed clothing and fashion accessories .
Sumner Spaulding died at age 60 on 10 May 1952 in Los Angeles County , and is buried at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego .
Sir Archibald Levin Smith ( 26 August 1836 -- 20 October 1901 ) was a British judge and a rower who competed at Henley and in the Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race .
John Edmund Kerrich ( 1903 - -1985 ) was a mathematician noted for a series of experiments in probability which he conducted while interned in Nazi - occupied Denmark in the 1940s .
Frank Hamilton Clark ( 1844 - 1882 ) was a member of the Clark banking family of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; an officer in the First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry ; and a president of the Lake Superior and Mississippi Railroad .
The Bottler ( died 1908 ) was the pseudonym of an Egyptian - born American gambler and underworld figure in New York .
Archbishop Robert Blackadder died on 28 July 1508 , while en route to Jerusalem on pilgrimage .
Henk Hofs ( 5 May 1951 -- 11 October 2011 ) was a Dutch professional footballer .
Syed Meesam Tammarسید میسم تمار ( 11 November 1933 -- 12 April 2008 ) , best known as Parwana Rudaulviپروانہ ردولوی , was an Indian Urdu - language writer and journalist .
On Their Own is a 1940 American comedy film , directed by Otto Brower and written by Harold Buchman and Val Burton .
Fled is a 1996 action film directed by Kevin Hooks .
Workers ' Education Bureau of America ( 1921 - -1951 ) was an organization established to assist labor colleges and other worker training centers involved in the American labor movement .
Goldwyn Pictures Corporation was an American motion picture production company that operated from 1916 to 1924 when it was merged with two other production companies to form the major studio , Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
Born in Gorham , Maine ( then a district of Massachusetts ) to Stephen Longfellow and Patience Young Longfellow , Longfellow graduated from Harvard University in 1798 .
Anders Björner ( born 17 December 1947 ) received his Ph.D. from the Stockholm University , in 1979 , under Bernt Lindström .
Maurits van Rooijen FRSA ( Breda , 1956 ) is a Dutch Social and Economic Historian with a doctorate in Geography from Utrecht University .
Educated at Cheltenham and Balliol College , Oxford , ( where he won the Gaisford Prize for Greek Verse in 1865 ) , Ernest Myers became a fellow of Wadham College in 1868 , teaching there for three years .
Vasily Shcherbakov is a Candidate of Pedagogic Sciences ( 2010 ) , a professor and the Director of the Piano Department of the Moscow State University of Culture and Arts , a docent of the Moscow Conservatory , a docent of the `` Piano , Organ '' Department M. Ippolitova - Ivanova Moscow State Music and Pedagogy Institute .
Rick Fantasia is a Professor in the Social Sciences at Smith College in the United States and Director of its Kahn Liberal Arts Institute .
Wallace Walter Atwood studied geography at the University of Chicago , where he was a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity .
Michael Hollinger ( born January 13 , 1962 in Lancaster , Pennsylvania ) is an American playwright who is currently an associate professor of Theatre at Villanova University and an alumnus of New Dramatists .
Brian Holloway was selected by the New England Patriots in the first round ( 19th overall ) of the 1981 NFL Draft out of Stanford University .
Phillip Osborne ( 16 March 1904 -- 23 August 1936 ) was an early travelling companion of Sir Wilfred Thesiger , educated at Christ 's Hospital and Pembroke College , Oxford University .
Lenka Kotková studied meteorology at the faculty of Mathematics and Physics of the Charles University in Prague .
Aline MacMahon was raised in New York City and educated at Erasmus Hall High School ( Brooklyn ) and Barnard College .
He Jifeng graduated from the mathematics department of Fudan University in 1965 .
Scott P. Moore received his commission after graduating from the United States Air Force Academy in 1983 , with a bachelor degree in science .
Ahmed Rashid Beebeejaun graduated in medicine from the University of Birmingham .
In 1973 , Daniel Borel earned an engineering degree in Physics from the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland , and in 1977 received a Master of Science degree in Computer Science from Stanford University .
Gérard Pape studied clinical psychology and music simultaneously at the University of Michigan , and is a practicing Lacanian psychoanalyst as well as a composer ( Makan 2003 , 23 - -24 ) .
John Prinsep was born on 23 April 1746 , the son of Rev. John Prinsep , BA graduate of Balliol College , Oxford and vicar of Bicester , Oxfordshire .
Walter Bradford Cannon ( October 19 , 1871 -- October 1 , 1945 ) was an American physiologist , professor and chairman of the Department of Physiology at Harvard Medical School .
Kaja Kallas graduated from the University of Tartu in 1999 with BA in law .
In 1971 , Laura Whitehorn helped organize and lead a militant takeover and occupation of a Harvard University building by nearly 400 women to protest the war in Vietnam and demand a women 's center .
In 1973 , Susan Blackmore graduated from St Hilda 's College , Oxford , with a BA ( Hons ) degree in psychology and physiology .
George Jarvis Brush ( 1831 - -1912 ) was an American mineralogist and academic administrator who spent most of his career at Yale University in the Sheffield Scientific School .
François d'Amboise was the son of Jean d'Amboise , ordinary surgeon of the king , and the brother of Adrien d'Amboise , Bishop of Tréguier , and of Jacques d'Amboise ( rector of the University of Paris ) .
Carl Ware holds a bachelor 's degree in political science from Clark College , a master 's degree in Public Administration from the Graduate School of Public and International Affairs at the University of Pittsburgh , and is a 1991 graduate of the Harvard Business School 's International Senior Management Program .
David Burpee ( 1893 - -1980 ) was born in Pennsylvania and attended Cornell University until his father , W. Atlee Burpee , died in 1915 .
Upon getting his Master in Economics at University of Chicago , Miguel Kast joined Odeplan ( 1973 ) , the state agency that led many public policy and economic changes after 1973 .
John Rosen received his LL.B. from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1968 .
John Fries Frazer ( 8 July 1812 -- 12 October 1872 ) was a University of Pennsylvania graduate and first assistant geologist to the Geological Survey of Pennsylvania .
Sir Charles Asgill , 1st Baronet ( 17 March 1713 -- 15 September 1788 ) , merchant banker , was the third son of Henry Asgill , silkman , of St Clement Danes , Middlesex and was educated at Westminster School .
Stanhope Aspinwall was educated at Westminster School from 1722 until at least 1725 .
Born Frank Merritt Ruhlen , 1944 , Ruhlen studied at Rice University , the University of Paris , the University of Illinois and the University of Bucharest .
Born to Oswald Leslie De Kretser II a Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Ceylon , he was educated at the Royal College , Colombo .
Chester Carlson , to A. Dinsdale In 1936 , Carlson began to study law at night at New York Law School , receiving his LL.B. degree in 1939 .
Alfredo Castillero Hoyos graduated at the University of Warwick , England , where he obtained a Master 's degree in Political Studies in 1993 .
Brad Heller attended University of California , San Diego as a Pre - med major prior to transferring and graduating from the Theatre Arts program at Boston University .
Henry Sturgis Morgan Jr. was born August 10 , 1924 in Oyster Bay , New York to Henry Sturgis Morgan , son of J. P. Morgan , Jr. and Catherine Adams , daughter of Charles F. Adams III . He graduated Groton School and Harvard University class of 1946 .
Charlie Bethel graduated cum laude in 1998 from the University of Georgia 's ( UGA ) Terry College of Business with a Bachelor of Business Administration in business management .
Frederick Carruthers Cornell OBE ( 6 May 1867 -- 6 March 1921 ) was born in Devon , England , and educated at the Bedford School .
James Saunders Upton , known as Jimmy Upton ( August 6 , 1949 -- March 17 , 2003 ) , was a high school and college track star from Minden , Louisiana , who was inducted into the University of Louisiana at Monroe Hall of Fame .
Arno Drost entered the world of new media by attending the Utrecht School of the Arts , studying Digital Media Design from 1999 to 2003 .
Ramachandra Guha studied at The Doon School where he was an editor of The Doon School Weekly .
Jill Mulvay Derr holds a bachelor 's degree from the University of Utah and an MA in teaching from Harvard University .
İsmail Cem finished high school at Robert College in İstanbul in 1959 and graduated from the Law School at the University of Lausanne , Switzerland in 1963 .
Edward Easton is an American politician who earned a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science in 1958 and a Master 's degree in Architecture from Yale University in 1965 .
Henry Ussher entered at Magdalene College , Cambridge , matriculating on 2 May 1567 , and graduating B. A. in the first quarter of 1570 .
Francis Marion Burdick LL.D. ( 1845 -- 1920 ) was an American legal scholar , born at De Ruyter , N. Y. He graduated at Hamilton College in 1869 , and in 1872 from the law department at that institution .
For more than ten years , Graham Gardner was an academic researcher , based at Aberystwyth University on the coast of West Wales , from where gained his PhD in 2003 .
Ted Robert Gurr ( born Spokane , WA , 1936 ; B.A. Reed College 1957 , Ph.D. New York University 1965 ) is an authority on political conflict and instability .
Shlomo Sand ( pronounced Zand ; Hebrew : שלמה זנד‎ ; born 10 September 1946 ) is an Israeli Emeritus Professor of History at Tel Aviv University .
Keith Millis grew up in Rensselaer , New York and earned his Bachelor of Science in Metallurgical Engineering as a 1938 graduate of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
Robert William Weir Carrall ( February 2 , 1837 -- September 19 , 1879 ) was a Canadian physician and politician Born in Carrall 's Grove , near Woodstock , Upper Canada , the son of James and Jane Carrall , Carrall received his MD from McGill University in 1859 .
Isabel Vincent ( born 1965 in Toronto ) is a Canadian investigative journalist who writes for the New York Post , an alumna of the University of Toronto Varsity newspaper , and the author of several books .
Born in Meridian , Idaho in 1912 , Bill Gore held degrees in chemical engineering ( B.S. , 1933 ) and physical chemistry ( M.S. , 1935 ) from the University of Utah in Salt Lake City .
Lewis Wogan , who studied at Jesus College , Oxford for a time after 1665 , was himself High Sheriff of Pembrokeshire in 1672 .
Marta Suplicy attended Michigan State University ( 1966 - -68 ) , and Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo ( 1969 - -75 ) ; she did graduate work at Stanford University ( 1973 ) .
Adrian Künzi has a doctorate in Finance from the University of St. Gallen as well as a master 's degree in Management Studies from the University of Cambridge ( UK ) .
Tony Lauer was born in Newcastle , New South Wales and educated at Penrith High School , University of Sydney , Australian Police Staff College ( Manly ) , and the F.B.I. Academy , Quantico , Virginia .
Trombonist Peter Ellefson is Professor of Music at Indiana University 's Jacobs School of Music , having been a faculty member since 2002 .
James Madison Porter III ( 1864 - -1928 ) was an American civil engineer notable for his role in designing two unique bridges across the Delaware River and for his development of the civil engineering program at Lafayette College .
Armistead Mason Dobie ( April 15 , 1881 -- August 7 , 1962 ) was a law professor , Dean of the University of Virginia School of Law , and United States federal judge .
Yiyun Li grew up in Beijing , China , and moved to the United States after earning a B.S. at Peking University in 1996 .
Edgar Chatfeild - Clarke was educated at King 's College School and privately in Dresden in the German state of Saxony .
The University of New South Wales 's most recognised and architecturally renowned building , the Scientia , was officially renamed The John Niland Scientia Building for his long and distinguished history at the University .
Rufus Saxton was educated at the United States Military Academy at West Point , graduating in 1849 .
Brad Greenberg graduated from John F. Kennedy High School in 1972 , then went to Washington State University as a freshman and played on the Washington State Cougars basketball team .
Diana Chapman Walsh was President of Wellesley College from 1993 to 2007 .
The youngest son of Robert Napier , 1st Baron Napier of Magdala , Albert Napier studied at Eton College and New College , Oxford before being called to the Bar by the Inner Temple in 1909 .
Born in 1956 in Derby , Chris Paling studied social sciences at the University of Sussex .
Beatrice Wabudeya graduated with a veterinary degree of Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine ( BVM ) from Makerere University in 1979 .
Chandan Dasgupta earned his BSc degree in 1971 from Presidency College , University of Calcutta and MSc degree from Delhi University in 1973 .
Johann Bartsch ( 1709 , Königsberg -- 1738 , Suriname ) was a German physician , who graduated in the Netherlands at Leiden University in 1737 .
After graduating from Moscow State University in 1956 , Otto Latsis began working in a local newspaper , `` Soviet Sakhalin '' .
Thembo Nyombi graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Makerere University , the oldest and largest of Uganda 's public universities .
Robert Poston attended University of Texas at Austin 1986 - 1989 where he played for the Texas Longhorns baseball team as a catcher .
Cecil Aronowitz ( 4 March 1916 -- 7 September 1978 ) was a British viola player , a founding member of the Melos Ensemble , a leading chamber musician and an influential teacher at the Royal College of Music and the Royal Northern College of Music .
Harris Barron is an artist , educator , writer , pilot , and adventurer who founded both the ZONE visual theatre group and the Studio for Interrelated Media ( SIM ) at the Massachusetts College of Art and Design in 1970 .
Francis Wayland III ( 1826 -- 1904 ) graduated at Brown University in 1846 , and studied law at Harvard University .
He earned his BA in Literature at the University of Turin , then he obtained a master 's degree in history at University of Nevada Las Vegas , where Lucio Malan was also teaching assistant .
Alan Missen was educated at Kew Primary School , Box Hill High and matriculated from the selective Melbourne High School .
Gabriel Herman ( in Hebrew : גבריאל הרמן ) holds the Professorship in Ancient History at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , Israel .
Educated at the University of Liverpool and Britannia Royal Naval College , Alan Massey saw service as captain of HMS Newcastle , HMS Campbeltown , HMS Illustrious during operations against the Taliban regime in Afghanistan in 2001 and as captain of HMS Ark Royal when he led the amphibious assault into Iraq in 2003 .
Jim Furlong played college football at the University of Tulsa .
Sarah Spiegel received her bachelor of science degree in chemistry and biochemistry at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1974 .
Alexandra W. Logue attended Harvard University , receiving her A.B. in Psychology Magna Cum Laude in 1974 , and her Ph.D. in Experimental Psychology in 1978 .
Joshua Seth trained as a performing artist at New York University 's prestigious Tisch School of the Arts .
Ralph Hoffmann would go on to attend Harvard University and graduate with the class of 1890 .
Virginia Yip received her B.A. in linguistics at the University of Texas at Austin and her Ph.D. from the University of Southern California .
Jan Grauls studied Law at the University of Antwerp and at the Catholic University of Leuven .
Robert Hovenden D.D. ( 1544 - -1614 ) was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
Jane Elith is an ecologist in the School of Botany at the University of Melbourne .
Erica Dittmer ( born September 15 , 1991 ) , also known as Erica Dittmer Cane , is an American - born Mexican swimmer who studied and trained at Texas A&M University .
Thomas Wilcher is a high school athletic coach and teacher who was previously a National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I track and field national champion in the indoor 55 m hurdles and a three - time NCAA All - American in track and field for the University of Michigan .
Moore was born in Atlanta to El'Eckler Ussery Moore ( 1909 - 1977 ) and Hamilton Frazier Moore ( 1913 - 2002 ) , a professor of advertising and public relations at the University of Georgia .
Tomislav Trifić ( Serbian : Томислав Трифић ) ( born 4 March 1949 ) in Lipljan , Yugoslavia - present day Kosovo ) is a Serbian graphic artist and Dean of the University of Pristina Faculty of Arts , in North Kosovo .
Val Hale ( born 1958 ) was the athletic director of Brigham Young University ( BYU ) from 1999 to 2004 .
Rives Kistler earned his undergraduate degree at Williams College in Williamstown , Massachusetts , earning a BA .
In 1972 Tolib Shakhidi graduated from the Moscow Conservatory from the class of Aram Khachaturian .
Joshua Stacher received his undergraduate degree at Washington and Jefferson College in 1998 , having majored in History and English .
Dennis Meadows received a BA from Carleton College , a Ph.D. in Management from the MIT Sloan School of Management , and holds four honorary doctorates .
Edwin Waterhouse was educated at University College School and then its associated university University College London .
Professor Luce López - Baralt received her Bachelor of Arts in Hispanic Studies from the Universidad de Puerto Rico , her Masters in Romance Literature from New York University , and her Doctorate in Romance Literature from Harvard University .
Originally from Indiana , Stan Kinsey completed his undergrad studies at DePauw University in Greencastle , Indiana and received his MBA at Stanford University .
Max Siollun was born in Nigeria and educated in England , graduating from the University of London .
Stephen Nissenbaum ( A.B. Harvard College , 1961 ; M.A. Columbia University , 1963 ; Ph.D. , University of Wisconsin -- Madison , 1968 ) , is Professor Emeritus of the History Department , University of Massachusetts at Amherst , specializing in early American history through to the nineteenth century .
Chin Kim ( born 1957 ) is a Korean - born American classical violinist , largely educated in the United States through the Juilliard School , and the Curtis Institute of Music .
Paul Polansky is a graduate in journalism major , history and speech minors , at Marquette University in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ( USA ) .
Robby Henson began his directing career at Tisch School of the Arts at New York University .
Born in Los Angeles , California , Mel Patton or Pell Mell , as he was nicknamed in the late 1940s , made his mark in track and field while a student at the University of Southern California , where he was coached by Dean Cromwell .
Zhang Ruimin stayed on as general manager , but he concurrently enrolled himself at the University of Science and Technology of China to study towards a master 's degree in business administration ; he graduated in 1994 .
Rob Urbinati received an M.A. from the University of Nebraska at Omaha ( UNO ) and his Ph.D. from the University of Oregon .
A debate between Earl Browder and George E. Sokolsky , New York , New Masses , 1943 The Reminiscences of George Sokolsky , Oral History Research Office , Columbia University , 1972
Born in the Bronx to Julius J. Shane and Rebekah ( née Milner ) Shane , Rita Shane studied at Barnard College and privately with voice teachers Beverly Peck Johnson and Herbert Bliss .
Born in Hamburg , Pennsylvania , a small farming town in the Amish countryside , Bill Beckley attended college at Kutztown University from 1964 to 1968 and in 1970 received a Master of Fine Arts from Tyler School of Art , Temple University .
Daniel Simberloff is a biologist and ecologist who earned his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1969 .
Jeffrey M. Bradshaw ( PhD in Cognitive Science , University of Washington ) is a Senior Research Scientist at the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition ( IHMC ) , where he leads the research group developing the KAoS policy and domain services framework for network management and coordination of human - agent - robot teamwork .
As U Zwe Ohn Chein was not able to go to college due to his parents financial situation in his early years , even with the success of Zwe Ohn Chein Shorthand College , he felt unfulfilled and decided to study Burmese language at the University of Yangon .
George Lenczowski ( pol . Jerzy Lenczowski ; February 2 , 1915 - February 19 , 2000 ) was a lawyer , diplomat , scholar , and Professor of Political Science , Emeritus , at the University of California , Berkeley .
Nigel Saul ( born 1952 ) is a British academic who was formerly the Head of the Department of History at Royal Holloway , University of London ( RHUL ) .
Ediberto Roman is a Professor of Law in the Florida International University College of Law , and author of law review articles .
Grant Gilmore ( 1910 -- 1982 ) was an American law professor who taught at Yale Law School , University of Chicago Law School , the College of Law ( now Moritz College of Law ) at The Ohio State University , and Vermont Law School .
Sir Marrack Goulding KCMG ( 2 September 1936 -- 9 July 2010 ) was a British diplomat who served more than eleven years as Under - Secretary - General of the United Nations .
Hans Thirring served as assistant , professor , and head of the institute for theoretical physics of the University of Vienna until his forced retirement in 1938 after the Anschluss , the annexation of Austria by Nazi Germany .
Today , the Franz Joseph Dölger - Institute at the University of Bonn is named in his honor .
John Milton Gregory ( July 6 , 1822 -- October 19 , 1898 ) was an American educator and the first president of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Ed Madden is a poet , activist , and Director of Women 's and Gender Studies at the University of South Carolina in the USA .
Peter Koellner is Professor of Philosophy at Harvard University .
George Spenton - Foster was a British television director and television producer , who worked for the BBC .
William Bechtel ( born 1951 ) is a professor of Philosophy in the Department of Philosophy and the Science Studies Program at the University of California , San Diego .
Moshe Szyf is a geneticist and James McGill professor of pharmacology and therapeutics at the McGill University , where he also holds a GlaxoSmithKline - CIHR chair in pharmacology .
Heinz Falk studied chemistry at the University of Vienna starting in 1959 and completed his dissertation under his doctoral advisor , Karl Schlögl , in 1966 .
Krishna Bharat ( born 7 January 1970 ) is an Indian research scientist formerly at Google Inc , and leads a team developing Google 's news product .
Dominique Ferretti ( born 1974 in Bethesda , Maryland ) , an American and French citizen , is a United Nations official working for the World Food Programme .
Henry Clerke ( c.1619 -- 24 March 1687 ) was an English academic and physician , President of Magdalen College , Oxford , from 1672 .
Amanda Woodward is the William S. Gray Professor of Psychology at the University of Chicago .
Dr. Suresh Subramani is the Executive Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and a Distinguished Professor of Molecular Biology at the University of California , San Diego .
Jacqueline Hernández ( born January 10 , 1966 ) is a Hispanic American multimedia business woman and the chief operating officer of Telemundo Media , a division of NBC Universal .
Salil Vadhan is Vicky Joseph Professor of Computer Science and Applied Mathematics at Harvard University .
James D. Gordon III ( born February 9 , 1954 ) is an American legal academic who has also held administrative positions at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Edward John Carnell ( 28 June 1919 -- 25 April 1967 ) was a prominent Christian theologian and apologist , was an ordained Baptist pastor , and served as President of Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena , California .
Mary Callahan Erdoes is Chief Executive Officer of J.P. Morgan Asset Management ( a division of JPMorgan Chase ) , a global leader in investment management and private banking with more than $ 2.2 trillion in assets under supervision .
Jolanta Antas ( born 20 Feb 1954 Szczecin ) is a Polish scientist and professor of linguistics at the Jagiellonian University of Kraków .
Zena Werb ( born 1945 ) is a professor and the Vice Chair of Anatomy at the University of California , San Francisco .
Clive Coleman is an English barrister turned BBC News legal correspondent , who is also a comedy and sitcom writer .
Martin Brecht ( born 6 March 1932 ) is a Church historian , professor emeritus of the University of Münster , Westphalia , Germany .
Kristian Digby ( /ˈkrɪstjən ˈdɪɡbi/ ; 24 June 1977 -- 1 March 2010 ) was an English television presenter and director best known for presenting To Buy or Not to Buy on BBC One .
Richard Ragan ( born June 10 , 1964 ) is a senior United Nations official , and former National Security Council Director for Democracy , Human Rights and Humanitarian Affairs in the Clinton White House .
Armine Sandford ( 1928 - 2011 ) was the first woman to read the news on BBC regional television when she presented the West Region 's daily television news bulletins from the BBC 's Bristol studios in 1957 .
John Lindow ( born 1946 ) is a professor specializing in Scandinavian medieval studies and folklore at the University of California , Berkeley , and author .
Graduate from École polytechnique ( promotion 1972 ) and École nationale de l'aviation civile ( promotion 1975 ) , Michel Wachenheim starts his career in 1977 at the air traffic department before moving to Aéroports de Paris ( Paris airports ) as air operations manager ( 1979 ) and then as French airports development manager ( 1983 ) .
S. Shankar Sastry is currently the Dean of Engineering at University of California , Berkeley and the faculty director of the Blum Center for Developing Economies .
William D. ( Bill ) Murray retired from the Central Intelligence Agency in March 2005 , after a career of 40 years of military and civilian government service .
Jerome Kagan ( born February 25 , 1929 ) is an American psychologist , and Daniel and Amy Starch Research Professor of Psychology , Emeritus at Harvard University , and co - faculty at the New England Complex Systems Institute .
Anna Di Lellio is a sociologist , journalist and former United Nations consultant .
Lynn W. Enquist is Henry L. Hillman Professor in Molecular Biology and Professor in the Princeton Neuroscience Institute at Princeton University .
Wilhelm Schulze ( 10 December 1920 , Leipzig -- 30 December 2002 ) was a German professor of veterinary medicine , director of the University of Veterinary Medicine Hanover ( 1966 - -68 , 1978 - -80 and 1980 - 81 ) and a specialist for pigs .
Natalia Sheludiakova is a lecturer and concert performer , currently teaching at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music .
Salim L. Lewis joined Bear Stearns & Company , a general partnership and member of The New York Stock Exchange and other exchanges .
Deborah Landau is currently Director of the Creative Writing Program at New York University .
Eileen Murray ( born 1958 ) is an American financial services executive and is co - CEO at Bridgewater Associates .
Mason Peck is an associate professor at Cornell University and former NASA Chief Technologist .
Chuma and Susi were loyal servants of explorer David Livingstone .
Klaus Dodds is Professor of Geopolitics at Royal Holloway , University of London .
Norman E. Amundson is a professor of counseling psychology at the University of British Columbia .
Karen Alter began her career at Smith College ( 1996 - -2000 ) , after which she moved to Northwestern University .
Nuala Carey is a full - time weather presenter on Raidió Teilifís Éireann ( RTÉ ) .
Hédi Annabi ( 4 September 1943 -- 12 January 2010 ) was a Tunisian diplomat and Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary - General , Head of the UN Stabilization Mission in Haiti ( MINUSTAH ) .
Igor Aleksander FREng ( born 26 January 1937 ) is an emeritus professor of Neural Systems Engineering in the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering at Imperial College London .
Laura E. Gómez ( born 1964 , Roswell , New Mexico ) is the president of the Law and Society Association and a Professor of Law and American Studies at the University of New Mexico .
Abhijit Deshmukh is the James J. Solberg Head of Industrial Engineering at Purdue University in Indiana , United States .
`` These operations were overseen by the distinguished Harvard University historian William L. Langer , who , with the assistance of the American Council of Learned Societies and Librarian of Congress Archibald MacLeish , set out immediately to recruit a professional staff drawn from across the social sciences .
Andreas Holmsen was a consultant in history in the Institute of Economics at the University of Oslo from 1934 to 1940 , He was a professor of history at the University from 1955 to 1975 .
Clarence Dillon ( September 27 , 1882 - April 14 , 1979 ) was an American financier , and namesake of Dillon , Read & Co. , an investment bank .
Lakshmi Puri ( born in 1952 , in India ) is the Assistant Secretary - General for Intergovernmental Support and Strategic Partnerships at the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women ( UN Women ) .
Arunas Rudvalis ( born June 8 , 1945 ) is an Emeritus Professor of Mathematics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Souleymane Beye ( born 1971 ) is a Senegalese official with the United Nations .
William S. Dietrich II ( May 13 , 1938 -- October 6 , 2011 ) was a successful industrialist who took over and expanded Dietrich Industries , a steel framing manufacturer which he eventually sold to Worthington Industries .
Marc A. Kastner ( born November 20 , 1945 ) is an American physicist and Donner Professor of Science and the former Dean of the School of Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Simon Henry Gage ( May 20 , 1851 -- October 20 , 1944 ) was a Professor of Anatomy , Histology , and Embryology at Cornell University and an important figure in the history of American microscopy .
This subcommittee requested one of its members , Mr. K. T. Chandy , then Director of the Indian Institute of Management , Calcutta , to call upon members of private industry in India to consider ways of extending the distribution of contraceptive services , especially the condom , through commercial channels .
Arie Andries Kruithof ( 1909 , Zeist ( NL ) -- 1993 , Son en Breugel ( NL ) ) was a Dutch professor of applied physics at Eindhoven University of Technology ( Netherlands ) .
Kori Rae is a film producer for Pixar .
David DeMille is an American physicist and Professor of Physics at Yale University .
Alfred Werner ( 12 December 1866 -- 15 November 1919 ) was a Swiss chemist who was a student at ETH Zurich and a professor at the University of Zurich .
Nicholas Barry Davies FRS ( born 1952 ) is a British field naturalist and zoologist , and Professor of Behavioural Ecology at the University of Cambridge , where he is also a Fellow of Pembroke College .
Oussama Khatib is a roboticist and a Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University , and a Fellow of the IEEE .
Marilyn Fox is a British television producer , director and writer , who was strongly associated with BBC children 's programmes from the 1960s to the 1990s , working on many drama series and enjoying a long association with Jackanory .
John Reif received a B.S. ( magna cum laude ) from Tufts University in 1973 , a M.S. from Harvard University in 1975 and a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1977 .
Barbara Knowles Debs , Ph.D. ( born in 1931 ) is an American art historian who was the president of Manhattanville College from 1975 to 1985 .
Gareth Walters returned to Britain to join the teaching staff of the Royal Academy of Music , and , two years later , in 1956 , he was appointed as a Producer in the Music Department of the BBC in London .
Johann Adam Otto Bütschli ( 3 May 1848 -- 2 February 1920 ) was a German zoologist and professor at the University of Heidelberg .
Tom Brook ( born 16 June 1953 ) is a New York - based journalist working primarily for BBC News .
Gerald F. Schroedl is a professor of anthropology at the University of Tennessee .
Walter Whipple ( born 1943 ) is a Teaching Professor Emeritus of Polish in the Department of Germanic and Slavic Languages of Brigham Young University ( BYU ) in Provo , Utah .
Andrew Ian Cooper FRS is Professor of Chemistry in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Liverpool .
Gaston du Bousquet taught mechanical engineering at the Institut industriel du Nord de la France ( École Centrale de Lille ) from 1872 .
Jonathan Head is the South East Asia Correspondent for BBC News , the main newsgathering department of the BBC , and its 24-hour television news channels BBC World News and BBC News Channel , as well as the BBC 's domestic television and radio channels and the BBC World Service .
Paul Irish is an American front - end engineer and a developer advocate for Google Chrome , the most popular web browser in the world by market share .
Peter Schrijver ( born 1963 in Delft ) , is a Dutch linguist , who is a professor of Celtic languages ( Welsh , Cornish , Breton , Irish and Continental Celtic ) at Utrecht University , and researcher of ancient Indo - European linguistics .
Norma M. Riccucci is a Distinguished Professor of Public Administration at the School of Public Affairs and Administration at Rutgers University in Newark .
Richard D. Braatz ( born July 19 , 1966 ) is the Edwin R. Gilliland Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology known for his research in control theory and its applications to chemical , pharmaceutical , and materials systems .
Eric Rignot is Professor of Earth system science at the University of California , Irvine , and principal scientist for the Radar Science and Engineering Section at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Leslie Thomas John Arlott OBE ( 25 February 1914 -- 14 December 1991 ) was an English journalist , author and cricket commentator for the BBC 's Test Match Special .
Eduardo Arzt ( born in Buenos Aires , February 22 , 1953 ) is an Argentine Molecular Biologist , Master in Experimental Biology , Doctor from the Faculty of Pharmacy and Biochemistry ( University of Buenos Aires ) .
Paul Wolff is a screenwriter , actor , producer and popular screenwriting Professor at the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts .
Sir Edward Crewe ( born 13 January 1946 ) was the Chief Constable of the West Midlands Police from August 1996 -- 2002 .
Ali Alavi FRS is a Professor of Theoretical chemistry in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Cambridge and a Director of the Max Planck Institute for Solid State Research in Stuttgart .
Rangasami L. Kashyap ( born March 28 , 1938 ) is an Indian applied mathematician and a Professor of Electrical Engineering at Purdue University .
Natalya Simonova works as a Level 2 programmer at the Severnaya facility of the Russian Space Forces , on work involving missile guidance systems .
Ed Robb ( July 1 , 1942 -- September 24 , 2011 ) was former member of the faculty at the University of Missouri , the president of a consulting firm , and a former Republican member of the Missouri House of Representatives .
Carol Smart began her teaching career at the University of Warwick ( as a lecturer and senior lecturer ) .
John Fabian Witt is Allen H. Duffy Class of 1960 Professor of Law at Yale Law School , and the author of Lincoln 's Code :
Hector Avalos ( born October 8 , 1958 ) is a professor of Religious Studies at Iowa State University and the author of several books about religion .
Frithjof Bergmann ( born 24 December 1930 ) is a Professor Emeritus of philosophy at the University of Michigan , where he has taught courses on existentialism and Continental philosophy .
Mohammad Maleki ( in Persian : محمد ملکی ) ( born ~1934 ) is an Iranian academic and pro - democracy activist and former president of the University of Tehran .
Peter Smagorinsky ( born October 24 , 1952 ) is an educator , researcher , and theorist currently working at The University of Georgia .
In 1995 , Charles Cumming was approached for recruitment by the United Kingdom 's Secret Intelligence Service ( MI6 ) but did not go on to work for them .
Karl Bömelburg ( 28 October 1885 , Elberfeld , today merged with Wuppertal -- 1946 ) was an SS - Sturmbannführer ( Major ) and head of the Gestapo in France during the Second World War .
William Montgomery McGovern ( September 28 , 1897 -- December 12 , 1964 ) was an American adventurer , Northwestern University professor , anthropologist and journalist .
Hubertus von Amelunxen ( born December 29 , 1958 , Bad Hindelang ) is a professor at the Canadian Center for Architecture , Montreal , and the European Graduate School , Saas - Fee .
Mariana Valverde is the director and a professor of the Centre of Criminology , at the University of Toronto , and does research mainly in the sociology of law .
Lila Kari ( née Santean ) is a Romanian and Canadian computer scientist , a professor of computer science and of biochemistry at the University of Western Ontario .
Valerie King is an American and Canadian computer scientist who works as a professor at the University of Victoria .
Maurice FitzMaurice FitzGerald , 2nd Earl of Desmond ( d. 1358 ) was the son of Maurice FitzGerald , 1st Earl of Desmond , and his first wife , Katherine de Burgh .
August François von Finck ( born 2 May 1968 ) is a German businessman and the son of August von Finck , Jr. , thus grandson of August von Finck , Sr ..
Bo Yikao was the oldest son of King Wen of Zhou and the elder brother of King Wu , the founder of the Zhou dynasty of ancient China .
His father Li Quanzhong had overthrown then - military governor of Lulong , Li Keju , in 885 and taken over as military governor ; after Li Quanzhong 's death in 886 , Li Kuangchou 's older brother Li Kuangwei took over the circuit and was then made military governor .
Edward Levett Darwin was the son of Sir Francis Sacheverel Darwin and his wife Jane Harriet Ryle .
Count Anders Johan von Höpken ( 31 March 1712 , Stockholm -- 9 May 1789 , Stockholm ) , Swedish statesman , was the son of Daniel Niklas von Höpken , one of Arvid Horn 's most determined opponents and a founder of the Hat party .
Gracie Otto is the daughter of the Australian actor Barry Otto and Susan Hill .
Maria Anna ( Marie Anne ) Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi Levoy , Princesse Française , Princess of Lucca and Piombino , Grand Duchess of Tuscany , Countess of Compignano ( 3 January 1777 -- 7 August 1820 ) , was the fourth surviving child and eldest surviving daughter of Carlo Buonaparte and Letizia Ramolino .
Nathaniel Philip Rothschild is the youngest of four children and only son of Jacob Rothschild , 4th Baron Rothschild , and Serena Mary Dunn .
By the time that Juqu Mujian succeeded his father Juqu Mengxun ( Prince Wuxuan ) in 433 , Northern Liang appeared to be stronger than ever , yet was under the shadow of the much stronger state Northern Wei , to which Northern Liang was nominally a vassal .
Born as James Webb Cook Hayes , he was the second son of President Rutherford B. Hayes and Lucy Webb Hayes .
Mário Rodrigues Filho , better known as Mário Filho ( Recife , June 3 , 1908 -- Rio de Janeiro , September 17 , 1966 ) was a Brazilian journalist and writer .
John Blair Scribner was born on June 4 , 1850 to Charles Scribner I and Emma Elizabeth Blair ( 1827 - 1869 ) .
Dan Bilzerian was born in Tampa , Florida , to Paul Bilzerian and Terri Steffen , and has a brother , Adam .
E.H. Roelfzema is the pen name of Erik Hazelhoff Roelfzema Jr. ( February 17 , 1947 , The Hague - February 11 , 2010 , Kockengen ) , Dutch writer , poet , artist , lyricist , and musician .
Vesna Pusić was born in Zagreb to jurist and university professor Eugen Pusić and Višnja Pusić , a professor of English language .
Anna of Saxony ( 23 December 1544 -- 18 December 1577 ) was the heiress of Maurice , Elector of Saxony , and Agnes , eldest daughter of Philip I , Landgrave of Hesse .
Anna Mela - Papadopoulou was one of Michail Melas and Eleni Voutsina 's 7 children .
Trisong Detsän or Trisong Detsen ( Tibetan : ཁྲི་སྲོང་ལྡེ་བཙན , Wylie : khri srong lde btsan , Lhasa dialect IPA : ( ʈʂʰisoŋ tetsɛ̃ ) ) was the son of Me Agtsom and one of the emperors of Tibet .
Hamza bin Osama bin Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden ( Arabic : حمزة بن أسامة بن محمد بن عوض بن لادن‎ ; born c. 1991 ) better known as Hamza bin Laden or `` Hamza Laden '' , is a son of Osama bin Laden .
Astrid Gräfin von Hardenberg ( 5 May 1925 - 4 February 2015 ) was the daughter of the opponent to the national socialist regime Carl - Hans Graf von Hardenberg and of Renate von der Schulenburg .
Anna Hierta - Retzius was the daughter of Lars Johan Hierta , the founder of Aftonbladet , and Wilhelmina Fröding ( 1805 - 1878 ) .
Philotas ( in Greek , Φιλώτας , died October 330 BC ) was the eldest son of Parmenion , one of Alexander the Great 's most experienced and talented generals .
Madhup Mudgal was born in New Delhi to Professor Vinay Chandra Maudgalya , a renowned classical musician from the Gwalior gharana .
Princess Augusta of Bavaria , Duchess of Leuchtenberg ( German : Augusta Amalia Ludovika von Bayern ) ( Strasbourg , 21 June 1788 -- Munich , 13 May 1851 ) was the second child and eldest daughter of Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria and Augusta Wilhelmine of Hesse - Darmstadt .
Philip II Philoromaeus ( Greek : Φίλιππος Β΄ ὁ Φιλορωμαῖος , `` Friend of the Romans '' ) or Barypous ( Βαρύπους , `` Heavy - foot '' ) , a ruler of the Hellenistic Seleucid kingdom , was the son of the Seleucid king Philip I Philadelphus .
Theodelinda , queen of the Lombards , ( c. 570 - 628 ) was the daughter of duke Garibald I of Bavaria .
Barbara Dex is one of three children of Marcel Deckx , a Belgian singer better known by his stage name Marc Dex .
Adriaan van der Hoop was the son of Joan Cornelis van der Hoop , secretary of the Sociëteit van Suriname , prosecutor for the Admiralty of Amsterdam and Minister of the Navy .
Julia Pacata was the daughter of Julius Indus , a 1st - century nobleman of the Gaulish Treveri who helped put down a Gaulish rebellion in 21 and led an auxiliary cavalry unit in the Roman army , the Ala Gallorum Indiana .
Broomspun ( foaled in 1918 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse , the son of Broomstick out of a Rock Sand mare , Sun Glass .
Bernard II de Balliol ( died c. 1190 ) was the fourth and youngest son of Bernard I de Balliol , lord of Balliol and Barnard Castle .
Constance of York , Countess of Gloucester , ( c. 1374 -- 28 November 1416 ) was the only daughter of Edmund of Langley , 1st Duke of York and his wife Isabella of Castile , daughter of King Peter of Castile and his favourite mistress , María de Padilla .
Wilhelm Friedrich Ernst Bach ( 24 May 1759 -- 25 December 1845 ) was the eldest son of Johann Christoph Friedrich Bach and the only grandson of Johann Sebastian Bach to gain fame as a composer .
Sisowath Monipong ( Phnom - Penh , 25 August 1912 -- 31 August 1956 ) is the second son of the King of Cambodia Sisowath Monivong and of Queen Norodom Kanviman Norleak Tevi .
Florence Estienne Méric Casaubon ( 14 August 1599 in Geneva -- 14 July 1671 in Canterbury ) , son of Isaac Casaubon , was a French - English classical scholar .
Born in Stockholm as a daughter of publisher Albert Bonnier and a member of a leading family of publishers , Eva Bonnier studied painting with August Malmström and became a student in the women 's section of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in Stockholm in 1878 .
Kunala ( IAST : Kuṇāla ) ( 263 BC - ? ) was a son of Emperor Ashoka and Queen Padmavati and the presumptive heir to Ashoka , thus the heir to the Mauryan Empire which once ruled almost all of the Indian subcontinent .
Korokī Te Rata Mahuta Tāwhiao Potatau Te Wherowhero ( with Te Uranga ) and , Taipu Mahuta ( with Te Uranga ) , and Hori ( George ) Te Rata Korokī became Te Rata 's successor upon his death .
Gaspar of Braganza , Archbishop of Braga ( Lisbon , 8 October 1716 -- Braga , 18 January 1789 ) was a Portuguese clergyman , and the illegitimate son of John V of Portugal and Madalena Máxima de Miranda .
Rostislav Vsevolodovich ( Russian : Ростислав Всеволодович ) ( 1070 - -1093 ) was the Prince of Pereyaslavl ( 1078 - -1093 ) , son of Vsevolod I of Kiev , and half brother of Vladimir Monomakh .
Relatives of Firmin Didot include François Ambroise Didot ( 1730 - -1804 ) ;
She then began her interest in metalsmithing alongside her late father George Andreasen , the inventor of memory wire who died when Suz Andreasen was only 24 .
Lucien Daudet ( June 11 , 1878 -- 1946 ) was a French writer , the son of Alphonse Daudet .
Datuk Mokhzani Mahathir ( born January 1962 ) is the second son of Former Prime Minister of Malaysia Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad and Tun Dr. Siti Hasmah .
Gerberga of Lower Lorraine , Countess of Louvain , was the daughter of Charles , Duke of Lower Lorraine , himself the son of Louis IV of France and Gerberga of Saxony .
Atahualpa became emperor when he defeated and executed his older half - brother Huáscar in a civil war sparked by the death of their father , Inca Huayna Capac , from an infectious disease ( possibly smallpox ) .
The Minstrel was the son of Northern Dancer out of Fleur , a daughter of Victoria Park .
Archduke Leopold Ferdinand of Austria ( 2 December 1868 -- 4 July 1935 ) was the eldest son of Ferdinand IV , Grand Duke of Tuscany , and Alice of Bourbon - Parma .
Arete of Cyrene ( Greek : Ἀρήτη ; fl . 5th--4th century BC ) was a Cyrenaic philosopher , and the daughter of Aristippus of Cyrene .
Jia Nanfeng ( 賈南風 ) ( 257 - -300 ) , nickname Shi ( 時 ) , was the daughter of Jia Chong and first wife of Emperor Hui of the Jin Dynasty ( 265 - -420 ) and also the granddaughter of Jia Kui .
Toe Naing Mann 's father is Shwe Mann , a former military general and currently Speaker of the Pyithu Hluttaw .
Yasser Abbas ( born 1962/1963 ) is a multi - millionaire Palestinian - Canadian businessman , and the son of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .
Otto of Limburg - Styrum , ( born 1620 , died 27 Aug 1679 ) count of Limburg and Bronckhorst , was the son of Hermann Otto I of Limburg - Styrum .
Raj Kapoor was born in Dhakki Munawwar Shah near Qissa Khwani in Peshawar , ( then ) India ( modern day North Pakistan ) into a Hindu Punjabi family to Prithviraj Kapoor and Ramsarni Devi Kapoor .
Mengu - Timur or Möngke Temür ( Mongolian : ᠮᠦᠨᠺᠬᠲᠡᠮᠦᠷ , Мөнхтөмөр ) ( ? - 1280 ) , Son of Toqoqan Khan and Buka Ujin of Oirat and the grandson of Batu Khan .
Djedefre was the son and immediate throne successor of Khufu , the builder of the Great Pyramid of Giza ; his mother is not known for sure .
Ashkenaz is the first son of Gomer , and a Japhetic patriarch in the Table of Nations .
According to Hmannan Yazawin ( the Glass Palace Chronicle ) , Kanyaza Nge was the younger son of King Abhiyaza of Tagaung , a prince of the Sakya clan of the Buddha who came from the ancient kingdom of Kosala ( present - day northern India ) .
Stanley Weber was born on 13 July 1986 in Paris , France , to actor Jacques Weber and his wife Christine .
Richard Butler , 1st Earl of Arran , Baron Butler of Cloughgrenan , Viscount Tullough ( 15 July 1639 -- 25 January 1685/1686 ) was an Irish peer , the fourth son of James Butler , 1st Duke of Ormonde .
Prince Ibrahim Fareed Didi was the son of Sultan Abdul Majeed Didi and Princess consort Famuladeyrige Didi .
Selim III was the son of Sultan Mustafa III and his wife Mihrişah Sultan .
Hypatia Bradlaugh Bonner ( 31 March 1858 -- 25 August 1935 ) was a British peace activist , author , atheist and freethinker , and the daughter of Charles Bradlaugh .
Ghanaati 's sire , the 2000 European Horse of the Year Giant 's Causeway has , as of 2012 , sired the winners of more than 20 Group One / Grade I races and more than £ 5,000,000 in prize money .
Lionello Venturi was born in 1885 , son of art historian Adolfo Venturi .
Bred by Dr. Gordon Scott , Regal Discovery was sired by Regal Classic , the 1987 Canadian Champion Two - Year - Old - Colt and a grandson of the legendary Northern Dancer .
Kaitlin Hopkins ( born February 1 , 1964 ) is an American stage , screen , and television actress , the daughter of actress Shirley Knight and stage producer / director Gene Persson .
Gerhard V of Jülich ( before 1250 -- 29 July 1328 ) , Count of Jülich ( 1297 - -1328 ) , was the youngest son of William IV , Count of Jülich and Richardis of Guelders , daughter of Gerard III , Count of Guelders .
Prince Gabriel of Belgium ( French : Gabriel Baudouin Charles Marie , Dutch : Gabriël Boudewijn Karel Maria ; born 20 August 2003 ) is the first son and second child of King Philippe of Belgium and Queen consort Mathilde of Belgium .
Liu Piguang ( simplified Chinese : 刘辟光 ; traditional Chinese : 劉辟光 ; died 154 BC ) was the ninth son of Liu Fei and grandson of Emperor Gaozu of Han .
Simon de Montfort `` the younger '' or Simon VI de Montfort ( April 1240 -- 1271 ) was the second son of Simon de Montfort , 6th Earl of Leicester and Eleanor of England .
Abu Bakr Atiku dan Shehu was born to the second wife of Usman dan Fodio in 1782 .
Nicolas - Théodore de Saussure was born in Geneva on 14 October 1767 into a wealthy aristocratic family , as the first child to Horace - Bénédict de Saussure , a Swiss aristocrat , physicist and Alpine traveller , and Albertine - Amélie Boissier ( 1745 - 1817 ) .
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born on 27 January 1756 to Leopold Mozart ( 1719 - -1787 ) and Anna Maria , née Pertl ( 1720 - -1778 ) , at 9 Getreidegasse in Salzburg .
Björk 's father is Guðmundur Gunnarsson , a union leader and electrician .
E. C. Stearns & Company was a manufacturer of tools and hardware in Syracuse , New York and was organized in 1864 as George N. Stearns Company by George N. Stearns , a wagon maker .
The events were founded by John Langstaff as Christmas entertainments and the present organization , Revels , Inc. , produces events in ten cities across the United States , including many others in the spring and summer in many locations .
Metropolis Software was a Polish video game developer founded in 1992 by Adrian Chmielarz and Grzegorz Miechowski .
Soup2Nuts ( formerly Tom Snyder Productions ) was an American animation studio founded by Tom Snyder .
Bobby Lowder , the CEO of Colonial Bank , was investigated and was not involved with the fraud .
Bahnhof is a Swedish Internet service provider ( ISP ) founded in 1994 by Oscar Swartz in Uppsala , Sweden , and is the country 's first independent ISP .
Founded in 1975 at 15 Bolingbroke Road , London by John Peake , Ian Livingstone , and Steve Jackson ( not to be confused with U.S. game designer Steve Jackson ) , Games Workshop was originally a manufacturer of wooden boards for games such as backgammon , mancala , Nine Men 's Morris , and Go .
The Saylor Foundation ( under its legal name , The Constitution Foundation ) is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization headquartered in Washington , DC . It was established in 1999 by its sole trustee , Michael J. Saylor , who is Chairman , CEO , and President of the business intelligence company MicroStrategy .
Losh , Wilson and Bell , later Bells , Goodman , then Bells , Lightfoot and finally Bell Brothers , was a leading Northeast England manufacturing company , founded in 1809 by the partners William Losh , Thomas Wilson , and Thomas Bell .
The Kentucky Foundation for Women is a 501(c)3 private , independent foundation that was established in 1985 by author Sallie Bingham of Louisville , Kentucky .
Atlantik - Brücke also awards prizes in honor of Vernon A. Walters and Eric M. Warburg .
Peter ' Pete ' Koomen is an American internet entrepreneur who co - founded Optimizely with Dan Siroker , and is the company 's current CTO .
Wildlife Warriors , originally called the Steve Irwin Conservation Foundation , is a conservationist organization that was established in 2002 by Steve Irwin , and his wife Terri Irwin to involve and educate others in the protection of injured , threatened or endangered wildlife .
Third Point Management is a New York - based hedge fund founded by Daniel S. Loeb in 1995 .
Valentino SpA is a clothing company founded in 1960 by Valentino Garavani .
Since 2008 , Deborah Bial , the founder of Posse Foundation , introduced a new discussion theme selection process which all of the Posse PlusRetreats across the entire nation will have a unified , rather than individual , discussion theme .
Glock Ges.m.b . H. ( trademarked as GLOCK ) is a weapons manufacturer headquartered in Deutsch - Wagram , Austria , named after its founder , Gaston Glock .
Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party was formed on 19 July 1990 , after observing the changes in political situation of Azad Kashmir , by politicians of the same school of thought , under the supervision of the founder of Azad Kashmir , Sardar Muhammad Ibrahim Khan .
Stampede Entertainment is a film production company founded in the early 90s by producer Nancy Roberts .
The Material World Charitable Foundation ( MWF ) is a charitable organisation founded by English musician George Harrison in April 1973 .
Kieft Cars , founded by Cyril Kieft , was a British car company that built Formula Three racing cars and some road going sports cars in a factory in Derry St , Wolverhampton .
The American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology ( ASBMB ) is a learned society that was founded on December 26 , 1906 at a meeting organized by John Jacob Abel ( Johns Hopkins University ) .
The Orchestre Lamoureux ( pronounced : ( ɔʁ.kɛstʁ la.mu.ʁø ) ) officially known as the Société des Nouveaux - Concerts and also known as the Concerts Lamoureux ) is an orchestral concert society which once gave weekly concerts by its own orchestra , founded in Paris by Charles Lamoureux in 1881 .
Sausage Software was an Australian software company , founded by entrepreneur Steve Outtrim , which produced one of the world 's most successful web editors : the HotDog web authoring tool .
The Clinton Bush Haiti Fund was a 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit organization founded on January 16 , 2010 , by former U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , to aid the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake .
The New York Watercolor Society , also known as the New York Water Color Society , was a `` short - lived '' organization founded in 1850 by in part by John William Hill .
Maison Margiela , formerly Maison Martin Margiela , is a French luxury fashion house headquartered in Paris and founded in 1988 by Belgian designer Martin Margiela .
The Safran Company is a film production company that was founded by Peter Safran .
The Vegan Society is a registered charity and the oldest vegan society in the world , founded on 1 November 1944 , in the UK by Donald Watson , Elsie `` Sally '' Shrigley , and 23 others .
Everyone Deserves a Roof ( EDAR ) is an American nonprofit organization located in Los Angeles , California that was founded by Peter Samuelson , a philanthropist and film producer .
The Cooper Car Company was founded in December 1947 by Charles Cooper and his son John Cooper .
Cellectis was founded by André Choulika in 1999 through a licensing agreement with the Pasteur Institute .
BlueNext was founded in December 2007 when NYSE Euronext and Caisse des Dépôts purchased the carbon market from PowerNext .
Pyrrhonism , or Pyrrhonian skepticism , was a school of skepticism founded by Aenesidemus in the 1st century BC and recorded by Sextus Empiricus in the late 2nd century or early 3rd century AD .
Piaget SA ( French pronunciation : ​(pja.ʒɛ ) ) is a Swiss luxury watchmakers and jewellers , founded in 1874 by Georges Piaget in the village of La belongs to the Swiss Richemont group , specialists in the luxury goods industry .
Binatone was started in the United Kingdom in 1958 to import and distribute consumer electronics by two brothers , Gulu Lalvani and Partap Lalvani .
Pukeko Pictures is a New Zealand animation studio created as a partnership between Richard Taylor and Tania Rodger , the co - founders and creative leads of Weta Workshop , and author , illustrator and children 's television producer Martin Baynton .
In 1978 CSELT became also famous because of its 3D images of the Shroud of Turin supervised by Prof . Giovanni Tamburelli : that images were the most highly resolved till that time and for the first time was shown the native `` 3D structure '' of the Shroud itself .
Diet - to - Go maintains a large commercial kitchen in Lorton , Virginia , and a partner kitchen in Los Angeles managed and operated by Fresh and Ready Foods .
Bakkafrost ( OSE : BAKKA ) is a Faroese salmon farming company based in Glyvrar on the island Eysturoy in the Faroe Islands .
Grupo Compás , which trades as The Alloy Valve Stockist , is an industrial alloy valve stockist and distributor based out of Barcelona , Spain and is recognized as one of the fastest growing service companies in Spain .
All American Direct was an American brand - name consumer - electronics retailer and a distant - network satellite television service provider based in Indianapolis , Indiana .
OpenText is headquartered in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada , is Canada 's largest software company as of 2014 and recognized as one of Canada 's Top 100 Employers 2016 by Mediacorp Canada Inc. OpenText software applications manage content or unstructured data for large companies , government agencies , and professional service firms .
Banerjee Memorial Club is a private social club situated in Thrissur city , Kerala state in India .
Eurostar is a high - speed railway service connecting London with Avignon , Brussels , Lille , Lyon , Marseille and Paris .
Henry Weinhard 's Private Reserve and Blitz - Weinhard are brands of beer first brewed in 1856 in Portland , Oregon ( USA ) .
Cabcharge 's CEO Reg Kermode has been the subject of a sustained campaign of criticism by Sydney Morning Herald journalist Linton Besser .
Museum Tusculanum Press ( Danish : Museum Tusculanums Forlag ) is an independent academic press at the University of Copenhagen , publishing mainly in the humanities , social sciences and theology .
Lucie 's Place is an organization in Little Rock , Arkansas working to open a home for homeless , or at risk of becoming homeless LGBTQ young adults .
California Wolf Center is a 501(c)3 nonprofit located 50 miles east of San Diego , near the town of Julian , California .
Payzone is a group of companies , headquartered in Dublin , Ireland .
Massey University ( Māori : ' Te Kunenga ki Pūrehuroa ' ) is a university located in Palmerston North , New Zealand , Albany , New Zealand , and Wellington , New Zealand .
CoolBrands International was a Canadian frozen food and dessert company based in Markham , Ontario .
The Inter - State was a Brass Era car built in Muncie , Indiana by Inter - State Automobile Company from 1909 to 1919 .
The Norwegian Centre for Violence and Traumatic Stress Studies ( Norwegian : Nasjonalt kunnskapssenter om vold og traumatisk stress , NKVTS ) is a national , government - owned interdisciplinary research centre in Oslo , Norway .
Exhumed Films is a Philadelphia - based `` organization devoted to showing horror movies for the benefit of their fans . ''
Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation PLC ( ENRC ) ( LSE : ENRC , KASE : GB_ENRC ) is a private , Kazakhstan / Central African - focused , multinational leading diversified natural resources company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
NantHealth , one of the constituent companies of NantWorks controlled by Patrick Soon - Shiong headquartered in Culver City , California is focused on developing and marketing a range of healthcare solutions .
Institute for Scientific Interchange ( shortened to ISI Foundation or simply ISI and sometimes pronounced ' izzy ' ) is an independent , resident - based research institute known for work in complexity science , theoretical and mathematical physics located in Turin ( Italy , EU ) .
The Ernst Ruska - Centre ( ER - C ) for Microscopy and Spectroscopy with Electrons is a German research establishment conjointly operated by the Jülich Research Centre and RWTH Aachen University on a pari passu basis .
The Do Book Company was founded in May 2013 by Miranda West , their offices are based in Shoreditch , London .
CamelBak Products , LLC ( stylized as CAMELBAK ) is an outdoors equipment company based in Petaluma , California , best known for its hydration products , such as hydration packs and water bottles .
Utah Property Management Associates ( UPMA ) , formally Zions Securities Corporation ( ZSC ) , is a subsidiary of Property Reserve Inc. , which manages property owned by the Corporation of the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) mostly in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Societatea Națională de Gaze Naturale Romgaz SA Mediaș ( SNGN Romgaz SA ) or simply Romgaz is the largest natural gas producer in Romania and one of the largest in Eastern Europe .
The Barrington Griffiths Watch Company , based in Calgary , Canada , is a designer and manufacturer of limited edition wristwatches using recycled Swiss movements .
Sharp 's Brewery is a British regional brewery company founded in 1994 in St Minver Lowlands , Rock , Cornwall , by Bill Sharp .
Shinepukur Ceramics is a ceramic manufacturing company based in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
RUAG ( originally Rüstungs Unternehmen Aktiengesellschaft ; Joint Stock Defense Company ) is a Swiss technology company , with its headquarters in Bern .
Columbia Helicopters , Incorporated , or CHI , is an aircraft manufacturing and operator company based in Aurora , Oregon , United States .
Yogurtland is an international franchise chain of frozen yogurt stores based in Irvine , California , United States .
Odessa Filmworks is a Canadian film production company , based in Ottawa , Ontario founded by film director / producer Lee Demarbre .
Swift Transportation is a Phoenix , Arizona based publicly held American truckload motor shipping carrier .
Ciberbit , Produções de Software S.A. is a Portuguese software and multimedia developer based in Coimbra .
Ural State Mining University ( Russian : Уральский государственный горный университет ) is situated in Yekaterinburg , Russian Federation .
Vormetric , Inc. is a private data security company headquartered in San Jose , California , United States that provides products and services to prevent sensitive data theft from hackers and malicious insiders by securing structured data in databases and unstructured data located in file systems .
Xenel is a diversified company based in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .
Dylan 's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City ;
The Poetry Foundation is a Chicago - based American foundation created to promote poetry in the wider culture .
Eni S.p . A. is an Italian multinational oil and gas company headquartered in Rome .
Jindřichohradecké místní dráhy ( Jindřichův Hradec Local Railways ) is the company which operates the narrow gauge railway lines from Jindřichův Hradec to Nová Bystřice and Obrataň in the Czech Republic .
BK Ume - Trixa is a sports club in Umeå , Sweden , established in 1981 .
Socrata is headquartered in Seattle , Washington , USA with offices in Washington , D.C. and London , U.K. It received an initial A round of venture capital funding of USD 6.5 million from Morgenthaler Ventures and Frazier Technology Ventures in February 2008 .
Kokuyo Camlin Ltd. , formerly known as Camlin Ltd. , is an Indian stationery company based in Mumbai , India .
The Grey Sisters of the Immaculate Conception is a congregation of Roman Catholic sisters founded in Pembroke , Ontario , in 1926 .
Scolari 's Food and Drug is an independently owned supermarket chain based in Sparks , Nevada .
AC Schnitzer is a third party tuning company based in Aachen , Germany specializing in BMW and MINI cars , and BMW motorcycles .
Illuminate Labs is a Swedish software company based in Gothenburg , founded in 2002 and specializing in video games lighting .
Bottega Giotti is a Florence - based fashion company that specializes in intrecciato ( woven ) leather jackets , bags and small leather goods .
Telekom Romania ( formerly known as Romtelecom and Cosmote România , not to be confused with Deutsche Telekom ) is a Romanian telecommunications company headquartered in Bucharest .
Agoda Company Pte Ltd is an Online Travel Agency ( OTA ) based in Singapore that offers accommodation booking services through its website and mobile app . Agoda.com is reported to be only Asia - based online travel company to hold a spot within the top six , according to data from industry observer , Skift .
The Long Beach , California headquarters of West Coast Choppers shut down in 2010 , however was later reopened in 2013 with a new headquarters in Austin , Texas .
Georgetown Cupcake is a cupcakery based in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington , D.C. that has now expanded to 6 other locations nationwide .
The Škoda Auto University ( Czech : Škoda Auto Vysoká škola , abbreviated ŠAVŠ ) is a private university located in Mladá Boleslav , Czech Republic .
U.S. Futures Exchange ( USFE ) was a Chicago - based , electronic futures exchange that terminated all exchange operations on December 31 , 2008 .
Metropolitano S.A. was a privately owned consortium formed in 1994 to take over concessions granted by the Argentine government as part of railway privatisation during the presidency of Carlos Menem for the operation of commuter rail services in the Buenos Aires Province Metropolitano operated the San Martín , Roca and Belgrano Sur lines .
Bouygues S.A. ( French pronunciation : ​(bwiɡ ) ) is an industrial group headquartered in the 8th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Genius Products ( also known as Genius Entertainment ) was an entertainment company based in Santa Monica , California , United States .
BookIt.com is a privately held online travel agency headquartered in Panama City Beach , Florida .
In 2005 Pradeep founded NeuroFocus '' headquarters with these principles in Berkeley , California .
Mayones Guitars & Basses , established in 1982 , is a manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars , located in Gdańsk , Poland .
Champagne Thiénot is a Champagne house founded in 1985 and based in Taissy , near from Reims .
Hotel Grand Chancellor is a hotel chain that operates throughout Australia and New Zealand .
OTEL Telecoms ( also known as Ohren Telecom and O - Tel ) is a South African national telecommunications company based in Boksburg .
Home Run Inn is headquartered in Woodridge , Illinois of the United States .
The Brown Company , also known as the Brown Corporation , was a pulp and papermaking company based in Berlin , New Hampshire , United States .
LaunchCode is a non - profit organization based in St. Louis , Missouri , that works with hundreds of companies to set up paid apprenticeships in technology for talented people who lack the traditional credentials to land a good job .
Ariel Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer based in Bournbrook , Birmingham .
McDonough Bolyard Peck , Inc. ( MBP ) is a construction management company in the United States with headquarters in Fairfax , Virginia .
Peace Mala ( The Peace Mala Project for World Peace ) , is an organisation based in Morriston in Swansea , Wales dedicated to fostering inter - cultural and inter - faith tolerance through the manufacture , distribution and wearing of a symbolic mala ( bracelet ) whose beads represent various faiths .
Skyward was started by Jim King in 1980 in Stevens Point , Wisconsin under the name Jim King and Associates .
Founded in 1985 , the Dutch firm Allseas is headquartered in Châtel - Saint - Denis , Switzerland , and has offices in The Netherlands , Belgium , USA , Australia , UK , Portugal and India .
Bärenreiter ( Bärenreiter - Verlag ) is a German classical music publishing house based in Kassel .
Fidelity Southern Corporation is a registered financial holding company headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .
Mekanism is a full - service , San Francisco - based creative agency that specializes in the development and production of innovative marketing campaigns , commercials and branded entertainment for high - profile multinational companies .
Ganeden , Inc. is a privately held American probiotic ingredient manufacturer based in Mayfield Heights , Ohio .
Kitware , Inc. is a technology company headquartered in Clifton Park , New York .
Yonyou ( officially Yonyou Software Co. , Ltd. , formerly UFIDA Software Co. , Ltd. ) is a software company headquartered in Beijing , China .
E - CL is a Chilean utility company based in Santiago and formerly known as Empresa Electrica Del Norte Grande or Edelnor .
AMF Technotransport was a locomotive and railway rolling stock maintenance facility in Pointe - Saint - Charles , an area of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Intego currently has offices in Austin , Texas , United States ;
Purple Songs Can Fly is a unique program that provides a musical outlet for the many children being treated for cancer and blood disorders at Texas Children 's Cancer Center in Houston , Texas .
The Continental Bank of Canada had head offices in Toronto .
BYD Auto Co. , Ltd. is a Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Shenzhen , Guangdong Province , and a wholly owned subsidiary of BYD Company .
Verlagsgruppe Random House is headquartered in Munich ( with additional locations in Gütersloh , Cologne , and Aßlar ) , employs about 850 people , and publishes roughly 2.500 titles per year .
Walmart Canada Corp. is the Canadian division of Walmart which is headquartered in Mississauga , Ontario .
Bramer Banking Corporation , commonly known as Bramer Bank , is a financial institution based in Mauritius with its head office is situated at Port Louis and currently under statutory management .
The Société des alcools du Québec headquarters are located in Montreal .
Carcannon is an automotive inspection and consulting company headquartered in Chevy Chase , Maryland with an office in El Segundo , California .
Uinta Brewing Company is a craft brewery founded in 1993 in Salt Lake City , Utah , USA .
Cellular Abroad is a mobile virtual network operator and internet retailer based in Playa del Rey , Los Angeles that uses GSM technology to provide international wireless voice , messaging and data services .
Ames True Temper is a multinational corporation headquartered in Camp Hill , Pennsylvania , USA .
Great Wheel Corporation , registered in Singapore as GWC Holdings , was a consultant for the 165-metre ( 541 ft ) Singapore Flyer , world 's tallest Ferris wheel since it was completed in 2008 .
Quantedge Capital is an alternative investment asset manager based in Singapore and New York .
Nestlé Wagner GmbH is a brand of frozen pizzas , sold in Europe , founded by Ernst Wagner in 1952 in Nonnweiler , Germany , and since 2010 owned by Nestlé .
Opta Sports is a sports data company with headquarters in London and other offices in Leeds , Munich , Bassano del Grappa , Milan , Paris , Madrid , Montevideo and Amsterdam .
The Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology ( German : Philosophisch - Theologische Hochschule Sankt Georgen ) is an academic seminary in Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Ixxi was founded in February 2010 as part of an initiative to promote the RATP Group 's activities outside of Paris .
Gotec Group based in Wülfrath , Germany , is an automotive corporation from Germany which has production and sales locations in 7 different countries including Poland , Spain , Brazil , Turkey , United States , Germany and Romania .
ChannelFlip is a London - based Multi Channel Network which works with both traditional and online celebrities to create brand friendly content .
X - Ray Dog is an American musical library which is located in Burbank , California .
Arnold Worldwide is an advertising agency headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Bulgarian Helsinki Committee is an independent non - governmental organization for human rights founded on July 14 , 1992 in Sofia , Bulgaria .
Aderra Inc. is a music technology company based in Los Angeles , London , Las Vegas , Melbourne , Tokyo , Nashville , New York , Paris and Luxembourg .
The Aztec Brewing Company ( Aztec Brewery ) was a regional brewery founded in Mexicali , Mexico in 1921 , which moved to San Diego , California in 1933 .
Finding no takers , layoffs began on February 12 , 2009 , at the Fortunoff headquarters in Uniondale , New York .
The Hotel Imperial , also known as The Imperial , is a five - star luxury hotel in Vienna , Austria .
The Khoday Group , also known as the House of Khodays , is an Indian multi - service business group based in Bangalore , Karnataka .
In 1930 , RCA agreed to occupy the yet - to - be - constructed landmark building of the Rockefeller Center complex , 30 Rockefeller Plaza , which in 1933 became known as the RCA building , now the Comcast Building .
Ageas SA / NV is a Belgian multinational insurance company co - headquartered in Brussels .
Gramofon is a record label and event agency founded in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2003 .
Gate City Bank is a mutually owned bank headquartered in Fargo , North Dakota , with 35 offices in North Dakota and western Minnesota .
Asprey 's flagship retail store is located on New Bond Street in London , United Kingdom .
The Brazilian Communist Party ( in Portuguese , Partido Comunista Brasileiro ) , abbreviated as the PCB , was founded on March 25 , 1922 in the city of Niterói , Rio de Janeiro .
Shyam Group of Companies also spelt as Shyama Group is an India based business organization headquartered in Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , established in 1973 by industrialist turned politician Shyama Charan Gupta .
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. ( AJG ) is a US - based global insurance brokerage and risk management services firm headquartered at the Gallagher Centre in Itasca , Illinois ( a suburb of Chicago ) .
Open Joint Stock Company Russian Railways with headquarters in Moscow at Novaya Basmannaya str . , 2 .
Eli Bridge Company is a family owned amusement ride manufacturer headquartered in Jacksonville , Illinois , U.S.
Beta 2 Limited is a privately held Forex and precious metal trading business located in the City Of London .
Hadfields Limited of Hecla and East Hecla Sheffield , Yorkshire was a British manufacturer of special steels in particular manganese alloys ( which were discovered by the founder 's son and often known as Hadfield steel ) and the manufacture of steel castings .
The Webster ( also known as The Webster Miami ) is a high - end fashion boutique whose flagship store is located at 1220 Collins Avenue in Miami Beach , FL .
Eureka Forbes is a consumer durable company which was formed from a joint venture between the Shapoorji Pallonji Group 's Forbes & Company Ltd. based in Mumbai , and Electrolux of Sweden in 1982 .
Once Australia 's tallest building , the former ICI Building in East Melbourne , now Orica House , was Australia 's tallest during the 1950s and was one of the first high - rise buildings in Australia 's cities .
LogicVision , Inc. was an electronic design automation ( EDA ) company , offering chip , board and system - level Design for Test ( DFT ) solutions and support to ASIC vendors based in San Jose , California , United States .
WareValley is a software manufacturer headquartered in Seoul , South Korea .
The Badische Staatsbrauerei Rothaus ( Rothaus , State Brewery of Baden ) is a brewery located 1,000 metres ( 3,300 ft ) above sea level in Rothaus , located at the north edge of the village of Grafenhausen in the southern Black Forest .
Bradbury Motor Cycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer based in Oldham , England and established in 1902 .
TriMetals Mining Inc. 's head office is located in Vancouver , BC , Canada .
Dadi Auto ( officially Dadi Automobile Group Co. , Ltd. ) is a pickup truck and heavy - duty truck manufacturing company headquartered in Baoding , China .
Atelier One is a British structural engineering company , established in 1989 with offices in London and Brighton .
Robot Comics is an independent publisher of mobile comics , founded in 2009 and based in Barcelona , Spain .
Vancouver City Savings Credit Union , commonly referred to as Vancity , is a member - owned financial co - operative headquartered in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Michael Stars is a Los Angeles - based apparel and lifestyle retail company that offers a full collection of women 's and men 's fashion and luxury essentials , including t - shirts , bottoms , dresses , sweaters , jackets , and accessories .
Wachovia ( former NYSE ticker symbol WB ) was a diversified financial services company based in Charlotte , North Carolina .
O'Neills Irish International Sports Company Ltd. was established in It is the largest manufacturer of sportswear in Ireland and has manufacturing plants in Dublin and Strabane .
Gerstlauer Amusement Rides GmbH is a German manufacturer of stationary and transportable amusement rides and roller coasters , located in Münsterhausen , Germany .
Linear Acoustic is an American company based in Lancaster , Pennsylvania that develops technology and manufacturers equipment used by television stations , cable television and satellite television services providers , post - production facilities and other content services providers to control , measure , manage and monitor multi - channel digital audio .
George Bell & Sons was a book publishing house located in London , United Kingdom , from 1839 to 1986 .
CPL Resources Plc . is a resourcing / placement company based in Dublin , Ireland and active on several markets in Europe but still mainly focussed on the home - market Ireland .
The Lincoln Group ( formerly known as Iraqex ) is a defunct Washington , D.C .- based defense contractor .
Pacific International Lines ( PIL ) is a shipping company incorporated in Singapore in 1967 which continues to operates out of that country .
Bonus Books is an American book publisher based in Los Angeles , California .
Its head quarters are located at central Addis Ababa , Africa Avenue Flamingo area . Cooperative Bank of Oromia has broad ownership base and diversified ownership structure .
Pelican Publishing Company is a book publisher based in Gretna , a suburb of New Orleans .
Slovenian Railways ( Slovene : Slovenske železnice , SŽ ) is the state railway company of Slovenia , created in 1991 from the Ljubljana division of the former Yugoslav Railways after the breakup of Yugoslavia .
Transcend Information , Inc. ( Chinese : 創見資訊股份有限公司 ; pinyin : Chuàngjiàn Zīxùn Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī ) is a Taiwanese company headquartered in Taipei , Taiwan that manufactures and distributes memory products .
Azaleos Corporation was a Seattle - based American corporation .
The Alliance for Green Socialism ( AGS ) is a socialist and environmentalist political grouping operating across Britain ( although its most active membership is in West Yorkshire , particularly in the City of Leeds ) .
Project Zambia ( Irish : Tionscadal Saimbia ) was initiated by St Marys CBGS Belfast , Northern Ireland , in 2002 .
Signatures Restaurant is the Washington D.C. restaurant opened by Jack Abramoff .
Order of Lenin and Order of Labour Red Banner FSUE `` KB Mashinostroyeniya or KBM for short ( Russian : КБ Машиностроения , КБМ , lit . Machine - Building Design Bureau ) is a state defence enterprise , scientific and design R&D centre specialised in missile systems located in Kolomna , Moscow region , Russia .
Smith Drug Company is a Spartanburg , South Carolina based drug wholesale company and a division of J M Smith Corporation .
The Nymphenburg Porcelain Manufactory ( in German : Porzellanmanufaktur Nymphenburg ) , manufacturer of Nymphenburg porcelain , is situated next to the Nymphenburg Palace in Munich , capital of Bavaria , and since the mid - eighteenth century has been manufacturing porcelain of high artistic value .
Delaware North is a global food service and hospitality company headquartered in Buffalo , New York in the United States .
Booking.com is an online accommodation booking website started as a small start - up in Enschede in 1996 , based in Amsterdam , Netherlands and since 2005 owned and operated by United States based Priceline .
Navteq ( styled as ' NAVTEQ ' ) was an American Chicago - based provider of geographic information system ( GIS ) data and a major provider of base electronic navigable maps .
Fremont Group is a private investment group based in San Francisco , California , USA .
The Missouri Fur Company ( also known as the St. Louis Missouri Fur Company or the Manuel Lisa Trading Company ) was one of the earliest fur trading companies in St. Louis , Missouri .
Davidson & Associates ( or simply Davidson ) was an educational software company headquartered in Torrance , California and published the Blaster series , including Math Blaster and Reading Blaster .
Finegold Alexander + Associates Inc is an architecture firm based in Boston , Massachusetts , USA .
Hellmann Worldwide Logistics GmbH & Co. KG is a logistics services company with its head office in Osnabrück , Germany .
Global Investment House ( Global ) is an investment company incorporated in 1998 , and falls under the regulation of the Capital Markets Authority of Kuwait .
Codeplay Software Limited is a privately owned software tools developer based in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Aer Rianta International cpt ( ARI ) is an airport and retail holding and management company , registered in Dublin and with its head office on the grounds of Shannon Airport in Shannon , County Clare .
Binani Industries Ltd is an Indian business group based in Mumbai .
Parrish Aircraft Xperimental , Inc. was an American aircraft design firm based in Plantation , Florida and founded by Jimmy R. Parrish .
Captain Cook Memorial Museum is in Whitby , North Yorkshire , England , 43 miles ( 69 km ) north of York .
Evil Controllers is a Tempe , Arizona - based company operated by brothers Adam and Jonah Coe that modifies Xbox One , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 controllers .
Kesko Corporation ( Finnish : Kesko Oyj ) is a Finnish retailing conglomerate with its head office in Katajanokka , Helsinki .
Velsicol Chemical Corporation is an American chemical company based in Rosemont , Illinois that specializes in chemical intermediates for applications such as agrochemicals .
E - USOC ( Spanish User Support and Operations Centre ) is a centre of Polytechnic University of Madrid ( UPM ) specialized in Research and Development ( R&D ) activities in the fields of space science and technology .
Mill Creek Entertainment is an American home video company founded in 2002 by Ian Warfield , Robert Zakheim and Scott Moss in Golden Valley , Minnesota .
Aronson LLC is an American accounting and financial consulting company based in Rockville , Maryland .
W. R. Berkley Corporation ( NYSE : WRB ) is a Fortune 500 company founded in 1967 , and based in Greenwich , Connecticut , United States .
Headstrong Games is a subsidiary of Kuju Entertainment based in London that creates video games .
NComputing , based in San Mateo , CA is a privately held for - profit company with offices in the United States , Singapore , UK , Germany , India , Korea , Poland , Russia , and Spain ; and resellers around the world .
Nuup Bussii A / S is a bus company in Nuuk , the capital of Greenland , providing public transport services for the city .
Located in San Francisco , CA , the company received seed funding from Y Combinator which allowed them to launch their first product , the WakeMate .
Ales Groupe is a cosmetics and fragrances company based in Paris , France , and a member of the CAC Small 90 .
Inovalon Holdings , Inc. is a technology company based in Bowie , Maryland .
Peas of Mind is an American food company headquartered in San Francisco , California that sells frozen foods made for kids .
Iron Horse Bicycles was a manufacturer of bicycles , in Islandia , New York , United States from 1987 to 2009 .
J. & L. Lobmeyr is a glassware company from Vienna , Austria .
Science Applications International Corporation ( SAIC ) is an American company headquartered in Tysons Corner , Virginia that provides government services and information technology support .
The transaction was structured as an acquisition of Betfair by Paddy Power and the enlarged entity , named Paddy Power Betfair , is based in Dublin .
Vectren Corporation is a Fortune 1000 energy holding company headquartered in Evansville , Indiana .
Gareth Stevens , Inc. is a publishing company originally based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Arrow Development was an amusement park ride and roller coaster design and manufacturing company , incorporated in California on November 16 , 1945 , and based in Mountain View .
Scentura also known as Scentura Creations is a perfume company based in the city of Chamblee , Georgia , within the Atlanta metropolitan area .
Trijicon ( pronounced Trîj - î-(kòn ) ) is an American company , based in Wixom , Michigan , that manufactures and distributes optical sighting devices for firearms , including pistols , rifles , and shotguns .
Activision Blizzard , Inc. is an American video games publishing company headquartered in Santa Monica , California .
Moon Boots are footwear first created in the early 1970s by manufacturer Tecnica Group of Giavera del Montello , Italy .
New Zealand Steel Limited is the owner of the Glenbrook Steel Mill , the steel mill located 40 kilometres south east of Auckland in Glenbrook , New Zealand .
C Level Design was a computer software company based in San Jose , California .
KEMA ( Keuring van Elektrotechnische Materialen te Arnhem ) NV , established in 1927 , was a global energy consultancy company headquartered in Arnhem , Netherlands .
Fratelli Prada ( English : Prada Brothers ) -- in Milan , Italy .
Mölnlycke Health Care is a Swedish medical device company headquartered in Gothenburg and active internationally .
Collective Eye Films is a non - profit documentary production and distribution organization based in Portland , OR .
SunTec Business Solutions is a Thiruvananthapuram based software product company that provides revenue management and business assurance solutions to financial services and digital and communications services industries .
Noveko International ( TSX : EKO ) is a Canadian corporation based in Montreal .
What became Rheem started in 1925 as a supplier of packaging to the petroleum industry , and is currently headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia in the United States .
Nonesuch Records is an American record label , owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Warner Bros. Records , and based in New York City .
Equinox Minerals is a mining and exploration company with corporate offices in Perth , Australia and Toronto , Canada .
SpaceWorks Enterprises , Inc. ( SEI ) is an aerospace engineering company based in Atlanta , GA that specializes in the design and assessment of advanced space concepts for both government and commercial customers .
Gangwon No.1 Broadcasting or G1 , formerly Gangwon Television Broadcasting(GTB ) is a Radio and TV station in Gangwon Province , affiliated with the SBS Network .
Fisher Brothers is a real estate firm in New York City .
The Local Initiative Health Authority of Los Angeles County , doing business as L.A. Care Health Plan , is an independent , local public agency based in Los Angeles , California , that began operations as a licensed health plan in 1997 .
Nelja Energia ( also branded as 4Energia ) is a renewable energy developer based in Tallinn , Estonia .
GameEon is an Indian Game developer company having its office in Mumbai , India and is one of India 's upcoming game developer and publisher .
Brandis India is the trading name of Brandis Manufacturing and Marketing Private Limited , an apparel manufacturer in India with headquarters in Bangalore , Karnataka .
Messe Wien ( English : Trade Fair of Vienna ) is the biggest trade fair in Austria and one of the most important economic factors of Vienna .
Max & Erma 's is a casual dining restaurant chain based in Columbus , Ohio .
Diffusion Pharmaceuticals LLC is a biotechnology and drug development company based in Charlottesville , Virginia , U.S. It was co - founded in 2001 by American life sciences entrepreneur David Kalergis and University of Virginia Chemical Engineering Professor John L. Gainer .
Neustar IP Intelligence is based in Mountain View , California and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Neustar , Inc. The company 's CEO is Lisa Hook .
Playphone is based in Silicon Valley , California with offices in San Jose , California ;
Dunlaps , based in Fort Worth , Texas , USA , was a family - owned chain of department stores in the central and southern United States catering to most classes depending on the location .
Guidewire Software Inc. , commonly Guidewire , is a software publisher based in Foster City , California .
The company was established in 1973 , when the first Veropoulos supermarket opened in Athens .
Rediker Software employs about 100 people and is headquartered in Hampden , Massachusetts .
Hammerhead Networks was a computer networking company based in Billerica , Massachusetts that produced software solutions for the delivery of Internet Protocol service features .
They currently employ 20 members of staff some based in head office in Inverness , some based in offices in Edinburgh , Glasgow , Kirkwall , Stornoway , Benbecula and Perth Community Energy Scotland is an independent charity governed by its members .
Solaborate is headquartered in Los Angeles , California In April 2013 , Solaborate launched its private beta , and announced it has raised $ 1 million from angel investors .
Equicom Savings Bank has its main office branch in Makati and sixteen other branches in Luzon , Visayas and Mindanao .
American Austin Car Company was founded in 1929 , in Butler , Pennsylvania in premises that had belonged to the Standard Steel Car Company .
EPB , also known as the Electric Power Board of Chattanooga , is an electricity distribution and telecommunications company owned by the city of Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Herlitz ' international headquarters is located in Berlin , Germany .
Kwik Trip , Inc. is a privately held company headquartered in La Crosse , Wisconsin , and has more than 400 locations under its various names .
Brouwerij ' t Koelschip ( The Coolship , after a traditional piece of brewing equipment used to cool the wort after boiling ) , full name Ambachtelijke Bierbrouwerij en Distilleerderij ' T KOELSCHIP , is a Dutch Brewer , based in Almere , which made a 60 % abv beer called Start the Future .
Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. ( SIX : ZURN ) is a Swiss insurance company , commonly known as Zurich , headquartered in Zürich , Switzerland .
BC Partners was founded in 1986 and is based in London with additional offices in Paris ;
IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company is a life insurance company headquartered in Mumbai , India .
Chemische Fabrik Kalk ( CFK ) ( lit . Chemical Factory Kalk ) was a German chemicals company based in Kalk , a city district of Cologne .
Vodafone Automotive SpA , based in Varese , Italy , offers end to end solutions , including automotive telematics and electronics , through two business units that combine their expertise in delivering vehicle centric telematic platform and related services as well as state of the art electronic systems and components .
Connect Group PLC is a specialist distributor , headquartered in Swindon , England .
Crystal Geyser Water Company is a private company based in California that produces sparkling mineral water and other beverage products .
CipSoft GmbH , or CIP , is a video game developer based in Regensburg , Germany which produces the online roleplaying game Tibia .
Penske Corporation is an American , Bloomfield Hills , Michigan - based , privately held , diversified transportation services company .
Over the next six years , the business grew and in July 1998 it was acquired by Texas - based Alliance Data LoyaltyOne has approximately 1,500 employees in offices including Toronto , Mississauga , Calgary , Montreal , Brazil , and Cincinnati .
Goldenfry Foods is a British food manufacturer based in Wetherby , West Yorkshire .
OpenCrowd is a New York City based privately held services firm that designs and implements user centric custom applications .
Swissgrid , based in Laufenburg , Frick , Prilly and Lausanne , is the Swiss transmission grid operator .
SEMTUR ( Sociedad del Estado Municipal para el Transporte Urbano de Rosario , `` Municipal State Society for Rosario Urban Transport '' ) is a government - owned corporation based in Rosario , province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
The Märkische Allgemeine ( also known as the MAZ ) is a regional , daily newspaper published by the Märkische Verlags- und Druckgesellschaft mbH for the area in and around the state capital of Brandenburg , Potsdam in Germany .
Lugcentrokuz ( Ukrainian : Лугцентрокуз ) is a Ukrainian rail transport industrial company headquartered in Luhansk .
Clay & Paper Theatre is a community arts theatre company in Toronto , Canada that produces narrative theatre using large - scale puppets , masks , stilts , visual imagery , music , and poetry .
Gamtel currently employs over 1,000 people and its main offices are at Gamtel House in Banjul .
The Public Interest Registry is a Reston , Virginia - based not - for - profit created by the Internet Society ( ISOC ) in 2002 to manage the .
Huss & Dalton Guitar Company is an acoustic guitar and banjo manufacturer in Staunton , Virginia .
Seavus is an international software development and consulting company headquartered Malmö , Sweden .
RealNetworks , Inc. is a provider of Internet streaming media delivery software and services based in Seattle , Washington , United States .
Paschimbanga Bangla Akademi ( Bengali : পশ্চিমবঙ্গ বাংলা আকাদেমি ) , popularly known as Bangla Akademi ( Bengali : বাংলা আকাদেমি ) , is the official regulatory body of the Bengali language in West Bengal .
Abbott 's Frozen Custard is a frozen custard franchise founded and based in Rochester , New York .
Vardia Insurance Group is a Norwegian insurance company , headquartered in Oslo , Norway .
Bluepoint Games , Inc. is an American independent video game developer located in Austin , Texas .
MRC Global is a global distributor of pipes , valves and fittings headquartered in Houston , Texas .
Sandpiper CI ( formerly CI Traders ) is a company based in the Channel Islands .
Cooley Distillery is an Irish whiskey distillery , located on the Cooley Peninsula in County Louth , Ireland , converted in 1987 from an older potato alcohol plant by John Teeling .
UP Aerospace , Inc. is a private spaceflight corporation headquartered in Denver , Colorado .
APOEL FC (; short for Αθλητικός Ποδοσφαιρικός Όμιλος Ελλήνων Λευκωσίας , Athletikos Podosferikos Omilos Ellinon Lefkosias , `` Athletic Football Club of Greeks of Nicosia '' ) is a professional football club based in Nicosia , Cyprus .
Based in the old Pacific Bell building on Rose Street at Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley , California , Berkeley Systems grew to 120 employees and US$ 30 million annual revenue before it was acquired by the Sierra On - Line division of CUC International in 1997 for $ 13.8 million .
Genie Energy Ltd. is an American energy company headquartered in Newark , New Jersey .
The Copenhagen - based UIWE design bureau took part and developed Pollee -- an open - air , touch - free urinal for girls as an alternative to the crowded and often unhygienic portable toilets .
QVC Germany , incorporated in Düsseldorf , runs call centre operations from sites in Bochum and Kassel , whilst distribution is handled from a dedicated warehouse in Hückelhoven .
Modern Terminals Limited ( Modern Terminals or MTL ) , is the second largest container terminal operator in Hong Kong , just after Hongkong International Terminals Limited .
Queenston Mining was purchased in 2012 by Osisko Mining Queenston 's company headquarters was located in Toronto , Ontario , and its two main properties were located in the Kirkland Lake Gold Camp , Ontario , and the Cadillac Gold Camp , Quebec .
Hôtel Drouot is a large auction house in Paris , known for fine art , antiques , and antiquities .
Telegames , Inc. is a North American video game company based in Gun Barrel City , Texas , with a sister operation based in England .
Hexis Racing is an auto racing team based in Lédenon , France .
Dow Lohnes PLLC was an AmLaw 200 American law firm headquartered in Washington , D.C ..
Delaugère et Clayette was a car manufacturer based in Orléans , France .
Hovertravel is a ferry company operating from Southsea , Portsmouth to Ryde , Isle of Wight , UK .
EvaluNet ( Pty ) Ltd is a South African - based developer of educational software headquartered in Cape Town .
Zeidler Partnership Architects is an international architecture , urban planning , and interior design firm based in Toronto , Canada .
The Société Bel Motors was a French microcar ( automobile ) manufacturer established at Les Sables - d'Olonne in 1976 by Jean Bellier .
Romstar Inc. was a video game distribution company based in Torrance , California that started operations in 1984 .
Heart of Gold Records is an American independent record label , established in Florence , Alabama .
Axerra Networks is based in Tel Aviv , Israel with offices in the US , Russia and Poland .
Comdial Corporation was a telecommunications company based in Sarasota , Florida and was headquartered in a former Lockheed plant building shared with L3 Communications .
Headquartered in Schaan , Liechtenstein , Ivoclar Vivadent AG has been a privately owned company since it was founded in 1923 .
The Texas Archive of the Moving Image ( TAMI ) is an independent 501(c)(3 ) organization founded in 2002 by film archivist and University of Texas at Austin professor Caroline Frick Page , PhD.
Koval Distillery is a craft distillery located in Chicago , Illinois ( established in 2008 ) .
Guinness ( /ˈɡɪnᵻs/ ) is an Irish dry stout that originated in the brewery of Arthur Guinness ( 1725 - -1803 ) at St. James 's Gate , Dublin .
Preshafood Limited is a food and beverage company in Melbourne , Australia .
London Drugs is a chain of Canadian retail stores with headquarters in Richmond , British Columbia .
Lehni AG is a furniture manufacturing company based in Dübendorf , Switzerland , specializing in the production of anodized and powdercoated aluminium furniture .
Zi Corporation was a software company based in Calgary , Canada .
ConocoPhillips Co. is an American multinational energy corporation with its headquarters located in the Energy Corridor district of Houston , Texas in the United States .
Docudesk is a software company founded in 2001 with headquarters in Plano , Texas .
Caja Laboral Popular Cooperativa de Crédito or Caja Laboral ( Workers ' Credit Union ) is a Spanish credit union established in 1959 as part of the Mondragon Corporation and headquartered in Mondragón , in the Basque Country of Spain .
Pacific National has intermodal freight facilities at the Brisbane Freight Terminal in Queensland , the Melbourne Freight Terminal in Victoria , the Sydney Freight Terminal in New South Wales , and the Kewdale Freight Terminal in Western Australia .
Grand Cheval Productions is an Auckland , New Zealand based film and television production company .
Lamborghini 's production facility and headquarters are located in Sant'Agata Bolognese , Italy .
North Pacific Yachts is a privately held company based in Surrey , British Columbia which builds 28 to 43 foot recreational trawler motoryachts , which it produces in Ningbo , China .
Unique Recording Studios was a technologically innovative five room recording studio operating in New York City from 1978 until 2004 .
In November 2005 , offer discussions with Empire Online were terminated , and in December Empire Online confirmed that it had started legal proceedings against PartyGaming in the High Court of Gibraltar .
LegalMatch is based in San Francisco , CA and has additional offices in Austin , TX and Los Angeles , CA .
Methode Electronics ( NYSE : MEI ) is an American Multinational company headquartered in Illinois , Chicago with Engineering , Manufacturing and Sales Operations in more than 14 locations in 10 countries .
The Münchner Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund ( German for Munich Transport and Tariff Association ) or MVV is the transit authority of the city of Munich , the capital of the German state of Bavaria .
Æterna Zentaris Inc. is a Quebec , Canada - based biopharmaceutical drug development company focused in oncology and endocrine therapy , currently investigating treatments for various unmet medical needs .
Telereal Trillium Ltd is a commercial property management and investment company , headquartered in central London .
FC Admira Wacker Mödling Amateure ( official : FC Trenkwalder Admira Amateure ) are an Austrian football club , formed in 2008 after a merger between SK Schwadorf and VfB Admira Wacker Mödling .
Inspirational Country Music Association was founded by Gene Higgins and a business partner in 1992 under the name `` Christian Country Music Association '' but due to a federal lawsuit brought on by the Country Music Association they are no longer permitted to use the Christian Country Music Association acronym .
Brent Hinds ( born January 16 , 1974 ) is an American guitarist / singer best known as a member of the Atlanta , Georgia metal band Mastodon , in which he shares guitar duties with Bill Kelliher and vocal duties with Troy Sanders and Brann Dailor .
Jack McVea ( November 5 , 1914 -- December 27 , 2000 ) was an African American , swing , blues , and rhythm and blues woodwind player ; he played clarinet and tenor and baritone saxophone .
Geoff Collinson is an Australian horn player and was the head of the brass department at the University of Melbourne .
Enver İzmaylov graduated from the Fergana music school in 1973 majoring on bassoon , and had started playing the guitar at age 15 ( about 1970 ) .
Zino Vinnikov ( Russian : Зиновий Винников ) ( born 1943 ) is a Russian - Dutch violinist and one of the leading representatives of the St Petersburg violin tradition .
Joel Tepp is an American multi - instrumentalist ( guitar , harmonica , clarinet ) with a 40-year history in live and recorded music .
Odd André Elveland ( born 16 July 1965 ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( saxophone ) , composer , arranger and jazz teacher .
Dean Benedetti was a saxophone player best known for his recordings of fellow saxophonist Charlie Parker .
He bought his first guitar after attending a B. B. King concert , and then adopted the stage name of Long John Hunter in 1953 .
Patrick Brian Warfield ( born 2 April 1946 , Holles Street , Dublin ) is the vocalist , banjo , harp and bodhrán player and lead songwriter with long - standing Irish band The Wolfe Tones .
Gábor Szabó was born in Budapest , Hungary and began playing guitar at the age of 14 , inspired by jazz music heard on Voice of America radio broadcasts .
Adolovni Acosta started piano lessons at the age of nine with her musical mother Ernestina .
Oteil Burbridge ( born August 24 , 1964 ) is an American Grammy Award - winning multi - instrumentalist , specializing on the bass guitar , trained in playing jazz and classical music from an early age .
Aaron Seeman is a composer , pianist , and accordion player who has distinguished himself by adapting punk rock , popular music , show tunes , and cartoon theme songs for the accordion , as Duckmandu .
Sadie Jemmett ( born 16 December 1970 ) is an award winning British singer - songwriter based in London , who plays guitar , piano , dulcimer and harmonica .
Hal Russell ( born Harold Luttenbacher , August 28 , 1926 -- September 5 , 1992 ) was an American free jazz composer , band leader and mult - instrumentalist who performed mainly on saxophone and drums but occasionally on trumpet or vibraphone .
The latter group , consisting of Noko ( guitar and vocals ) , Simon Hoare ( drums ) , Mark Sanderson ( bass ) and James Gardner , released a total of three songs before folding , which were released on an EP called Make Hell ( For The Beautiful People ) .
Larry Van Kriedt ( born c.1954 ) was the first bassist with rock band AC / DC . He was recruited at the time of the group 's formation in 1973 , joining Malcolm Young ( rhythm guitar ) , Angus Young ( lead guitar ) , Dave Evans ( lead vocals ) and Colin Burgess ( drums ) .
Hugo Mariutti played guitar in Shaaman , with his brother , and now plays in Henceforth and Andre Matos ' solo project .
Gregor Hübner ( violin ) , Veit Hübner ( double bass ) , Karl Albrecht Fischer ( piano ) and Bernd Ruf ( clarinet ) .
Geoff Simkins ( born 13 October 1948 ) is a British jazz musician who plays alto saxophone .
Radek Baborák ( born 11 March 1976 in Pardubice , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech player of the French horn .
Nikolaj Hess won the gold prize in the `` Berlingske Tidendes '' competition of non - classical music in Copenhagen and won the category for best European jazz piano player under 25 , in the RAI competition in Rome ( 1991 ) .
Ida Jenshus - vocals and guitars Alexander Pettersen - guitar , mandolin , harmonica and vocals Håkon Gebhardt - banjo and guitar Stian Lundberg - drums Kjell `` KK '' Karlsen - pedal steel Aleksander Gifstad - bass
Vladimir Bobri ( Bobritsky ) ( Ukrainian : Володимир Бобрі ( Бобрицький ) ; May 13 , 1898 , Kharkiv , Ukraine -- November 3 , 1986 , Rosendale , New York ) was an illustrator , author , composer , educator and guitar historian .
Frank Catalano began playing the saxophone at age 7 .
Johannes Linstead ( also records under the name Sevaji ) is an award - winning Canadian guitarist and instrumentalist who fuses virtuoso Spanish - style guitar with Afro - Cuban , Middle Eastern , and Latin American percussion and instrumentation .
Peter Ritzen studied piano and chamber music at the Royal Conservatory of his native city Ghent .
Franko Božac ( born 3 November 1974 in Croatia ) is a classical accordion performer .
Mate Ujević ( July 13 , 1901 -- January 6 , 1967 ) was a Croatian poet and encyclopedist .
Emma Bonino ( born 9 March 1948 in Bra ) is an Italian politician , who most recently served as Minister of Foreign Affairs .
KVTR is a commercial radio station in Victorville , California , broadcasting to the Victor Valley , California , area on 1590 AM .
WPTL is licensed to Canton , North Carolina , USA .
KRBB is a radio station operating in Wichita , Kansas that identifies itself as `` B98FM , '' owned by iHeartMedia , Inc. Its studios are located in Northeast Wichita and the transmitter is located outside Colwich , Kansas .
KVSL is a commercial music radio station in Show Low , Arizona , broadcasting on 1470 AM .
KMMZ ( 101.3 FM , `` La Caliente 101.3 '' ) is an American radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to serve Crane , Texas , which is part of the Midland--
WPQR ( 1050 AM ) was a radio station licensed to Conway , New Hampshire , USA , serving the White Mountains area .
WDCZ is an American radio station in Buffalo , New York broadcasting at 970 kHz .
KCYZ ( branded as Now 105.1 ) is a commercial radio station located in Ames , Iowa , broadcasting to the Des Moines , Iowa area on 105.1 FM .
KKNE ( 940 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Waipahu , Hawaii and located in the Honolulu , Hawaii radio market , broadcasting with a power of 10,000 watts .
KTKZ ( 1380 AM , `` The Answer '' ) is a conservative talk radio station based in Sacramento , California , United States .
KMBR ( 95.5 FM , `` 95.5 KMBR '' ) is a commercial radio station in Butte , Montana , broadcasting to the Butte , Montana area .
WBLX - FM ( 92.9 FM , `` 93BLX '' ) is an American Mainstream Urban music - formatted radio station that serves Mobile , Lower Alabama , and Pensacola , Florida .
KRAP ( 1350 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Washington , Missouri .
CILB - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format at 103.5 FM in Lac La Biche , Alberta .
WOIC is a sports radio station licensed to Columbia , South Carolina .
KMXF ( 101.9 MHz ) is an FM radio station licensed to Lowell , Arkansas serving the Fayetteville , Arkansas area .
KSUT originally signed on as a non - commercial community radio station licensed to serve the community of Ignacio , Colorado .
CJCE - FM , branded as The Juice , is a low - power Canadian radio station broadcasting a Christian format airing at 93.7 FM , licensed to Godfrey , Ontario .
WVCR - FM ( 88.3 The Saint ) is a variety hits radio station owned by , and primarily staffed by students from , Siena College , located in Loudonville , New York .
WPAQ is an Americana , and Bluegrass formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Mount Airy , North Carolina , serving the Piedmont of North Carolina and the Southside and Southwestern sections of Virginia .
KNRQ is a commercial alternative rock music radio station in Harrisburg , Oregon , broadcasting to the Eugene--
BurnFM.com is the official Studio radio station based at the University of Birmingham .
KVEN ( 1450 AM ) is a sports radio station licensed to Ventura , California , carrying the national CBS Sports Network and no local programming .
WPAB ( 550 AM , `` 550 Ponce '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish News / Talk format .
WUIS ( 91.9 FM ) , is a National Public Radio - affiliated station in Springfield , Illinois , USA .
KJZN ( 105.5 FM ) is an American commercial radio station located in San Joaquin , California , broadcasting to the Fresno , California , area .
WJKR is a radio station licensed to serve Worthington , Ohio at 103.9 MHz . It currently broadcasts a variety hits format and is the former Central Ohio radio broadcast home of the Pittsburgh Steelers .
WCOS - FM is a Country music radio station licensed to Columbia , South Carolina and serves the Columbia , South Carolina market .
CHUR - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format at 100.5 FM in North Bay , Ontario .
WVJS ( 1420 AM ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Owensboro , Kentucky .
WISW is a sports talk radio station licensed to Columbia , South Carolina .
WPHR - FM ( 94.7 FM , `` Hot Country 94.7 '' ) is an American radio station licensed in Gifford , Florida , serving the Vero Beach / Fort Pierce market .
KBBO - FM ( 92.1 FM , `` Bob FM '' ) is a commercial adult hits music radio station in Houston , Alaska , broadcasting to the Anchorage , Alaska , area .
WHPP is a classic hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Humboldt , Tennessee , USA .
WION ( 1430 AM , `` I-1430 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting what the radio - industry terms `` full service '' ( a mix of locally programmed Music , News , and Sports ) format to the Ionia , Michigan area .
Clyde 1 is a Scottish independent local radio station serving Glasgow and West Central Scotland .
WWUZ is a Classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bowling Green , Virginia , serving Metro Fredericksburg .
WRPW , licensed to Colfax , Illinois in the Bloomington - Normal market , broadcasts at 92.9 MHz with an ERP of 6000 watts .
KRZN ( 96.3 FM , `` The Zone '' ) is a commercial radio station in Billings , Montana .
WYMY ( `` La Ley 101.1 '' FM ) is a Regional Mexican radio station in Burlington , North Carolina , United States .
KSDR - FM ( 92.9 FM , `` KS 93 '' ) is a country music formatted radio station broadcasting to the Watertown , South Dakota area .
WAYY ( 790 AM ) is a radio station in the Eau Claire area of Wisconsin , with its studio / offices located in Altoona , Wisconsin .
WMEN 640 Sports ( 640 AM ) is a sports talk radio station licensed to Royal Palm Beach , Florida , USA .
Sufi Sheykh Daz ( Persian : صوفي شيخ داز‎ , also Romanized as Şūfī Sheykh Dāz ; also known as Şūfī Sheykh Dār ) is a village in Tamran Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Lester Park Golf Course is one of two public golf courses located in the port city of Duluth , Minnesota .
Beith is a small town situated in the Garnock Valley , North Ayrshire , Scotland approximately 20 miles ( 30 kilometres ) south - west of Glasgow .
WCCR - LP ( 94.5 FM ) is a low power college radio station owned and operated by University of the Cumberlands in Williamsburg , Kentucky .
Located in the Debub Wollo Zone of the Amhara Region , Amba Mariam has a longitude and latitude of 11 ° 12′N 39 ° 17′E. Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005 , this town has an estimated total population of 1,899 , of whom 988 were males and 911 were females .
Ornavasso ( Ossolano : Urnavass , Walser German : Urnafasch ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northwest of Verbania .
The Division of Melbourne Ports is an Australian federal electoral division in the inner south - eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The American Federal Building , also known as the American Federal Savings and Loan Building , the Coral Gables Building , and the Round Building , was an iconic seven - story office building in downtown Orlando , Florida .
Clearwater Christian College ( CCC ) was a non - denominational Christian college in Clearwater , Florida on Tampa Bay .
The Safford Mine is an open - pit copper mine located in Graham County , Arizona , eight miles ( 13 km ) north of the city of Safford .
Old Norriton Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located in East Norriton Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Beyt - e Vavi ( Persian : بيت واوي‎ , also Romanized as Beyt - e Vāvī ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Iowa County Airport ( ICAO : KMRJ , FAA LID : MRJ ) is a county owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of the central business district of Mineral Point , a city in Iowa County , Wisconsin , United States .
Nowe Wielątki ( ˈnɔvɛ vjɛˈlɔntki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Benavileh - ye Kohneh ( Persian : بناويله كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Benāvīleh - ye Kohneh , Benāveyleh Kohneh , Benāveyleh - ye Kohneh , and Benāvīleh Kohneh ; also known as Koha ) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Amlaq Qatih or Amlaq el Qatih is a Heavy Neolithic archaeological site of the Qaraoun culture that is located 2.5 kilometres ( 1.6 mi ) northwest of Baaloul , 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) north of Qaraoun , Lebanon .
The Toquima Range is a mountain range , located primarily in Nye County with a small extension into Lander County , in Nevada , United States .
The Romeo Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by the corporate lines of Romeo , Michigan .
Schrondweiler is a small town in the commune of Nommern , in central Luxembourg .
Dunedin ( i / dʌˈniːdᵻn/ dun - EE - din ; Māori : Ōtepoti ) is the second - largest city in the South Island of New Zealand , and the principal city of the Otago Region .
WMVE is a Public Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Chase City , Virginia , serving the South Hill / Clarksville / Victoria .
Pain Halu Sara ( Persian : پائين هلوسرا‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Halū Sarā ; also knownas Halū Sarā - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sega jagatpur is a village in tehsil siyana in the Bulandshahr district of Uttar Pradesh , India . The village is situated at the road which connects Lakhaoti to Saidpur , Bulandshahr .
Koveyk - e Bala ( Persian : كويك بالا‎ , also Romanized as Koveyk - e Bālā ) is a village in Jask Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
William R. Fairchild International Airport ( IATA : CLM , ICAO : KCLM , FAA LID : CLM ) is a public airport located within the city limits of Port Angeles , in Clallam County , Washington , United States .
The Osborn Memorial Laboratories in New Haven , Connecticut were built in 1913 as the home for biology at Yale University .
Kani Shinka ( Persian : كاني شينكا‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Shīnkā ; also known as Kānī Shīnkān ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Northwest Branch Anacostia River is a 21.5-mile - long ( 34.6 km ) free - flowing stream in Montgomery County and Prince George 's County , Maryland .
Hidden Lake Airport ( FAA LID : FA40 ) is a private - use airport located four miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of New Port Richey , a city in Pasco County , Florida , United States .
Jiangjun District ( Chinese : 將軍區 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Jiāngjūn Qū ; Tongyong Pinyin : Jiangjyun Cyu ; Wade -- Giles : Chiang1-chün1 Ch'ü1 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Chiong - kun - khu ) is a rural district of about 20,568 residents in Tainan , Taiwan .
Tveit is a district in Kristiansand municipality and Oddernes borough .
The Trapper Nelson Zoo Historic District , also known as Trapper Nelson Hunting Camp and Trapper Nelson Interpretive Site , is an historic district located south of Hobe Sound , Florida , in the United States .
Potamiou ( Greek : Ποταμιού ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 4 km south of Omodos .
Stans ( German pronunciation : ( ʃtans ) ) is the capital of the canton of Nidwalden ( Nidwald ) in Switzerland .
Shaj ( Persian : شاج‎ , also Romanized as Shāj , Shāch , and Shāsh ) is a village in Afin Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Eyqer Bolagh ( Persian : ايقربلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Eyqer Bolāgh ) is a village in Saidabad Rural District , in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Forshki - ye Chukam ( Persian : فرشكي چوكام‎ , also Romanized as Forshkī - ye Chūkām ; also known as Forshkī ) is a village in Chukam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Nazamabad ( Persian : مزرعه نظام اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Naẓāmābād ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 4 families .
The Alkire House is a historic residence in the Columbus suburb of Westerville , Ohio , United States .
Worthington Hall , now known as the Shawnee Playhouse , was a historic theatre located in Smithfield Township , Monroe County , Pennsylvania .
Khak - e Siyah ( Persian : خاك سياه‎ , also Romanized as Khāḵ - e Sīyāh ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Allen E. Paulson Stadium is a 25,000 seat on campus football stadium in Statesboro , Georgia .
The Manufacturer 's National Bank is an historic commercial building at 145 Lisbon Street Lewiston , Maine .
Bugganipalle is a census town in Kurnool district in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Tuxtilla is a municipality located in the south zone in the State of Veracruz , about 175 km from state capital Xalapa .
Melukote in Pandavapura taluk of Mandya district , Karnataka , in southern India , is one of the sacred places in Karnataka .
Cham Kaka ( Persian : چم كاكا‎ , also Romanized as Cham Kākā ) is a village in Hureh Rural District , Saman District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Mianrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميانرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Saturn Arena ( German pronunciation : ( zatʊʁn aʁeːnaː ) ) is an arena in Ingolstadt , Germany .
Bo'ao ( simplified Chinese : 博鳌 ; traditional Chinese : 博鰲 ; pinyin : Bó'áo ) is a town located next to the eastern coastal city of Qionghai in Hainan Province , People 's Republic of China , near the mouth of the Wanquan River where it discharges into the South China Sea .
Bhagta Bhai ka is a small town in Bhatinda district , Punjab , India created by Bhai Bhagta ji .
Anchor Dam is a dam in Hot Springs County , about 35 miles ( 56 km ) west of Thermopolis , Wyoming .
Mölten ( Italian : Meltina ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northwest of Bolzano .
Lasino ( German : Lassen ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Trento .
Dunnington is a village and civil parish in the City of York and ceremonial county of North Yorkshire , England .
Dowker Island is part of the Hochelaga Archipelago in Lake Saint Louis , Quebec , between the Island of Montreal and the Île Perrot .
Teton High School is a four - year public secondary school in Driggs , Idaho , the only traditional high school of the Teton School District # 401 and Teton County .
Sacalum Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` white earth `` ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 205.66 km2 ) of land and is located roughly 75 km south of the city of Mérida .
Sládkovičovo ( until 1948 Diosek , German : Diosek , Hungarian : Diószeg ) is a town in the Galanta District , Trnava Region in southwestern Slovakia .
Tak - e Puk ( Persian : تاك پوك‎ , also Romanized as Tāk - e Pūk ) is a village in Kuri Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Liberty Flames and Lady Flames are the athletics teams of Liberty University , in Lynchburg , Virginia , United States .
Kings Pond Park , including the associated Gypsy Pond Park , is a public , municipal park spanning close to the entire length of Goffle Brook through the village of Ridgewood in Bergen County , New Jersey .
Kureh Tasheh ( Persian : كوره تاشه‎ , also Romanized as Kūreh Tāsheh ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tul Lat ( Persian : طول لات‎ , also Romanized as Ţūl Lāt ; also known as Ţūleh Lāt - e Āzār Key ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
MacArthur Central is located at 229 - 259 Queen Street , Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , that is , on the north - east corners of Queen Street , Edward Street and Elizabeth Street .
Chaman - e Morvarid ( Persian : چمن مرواريد‎ , also Romanized as Chaman - e Morvārīd ) is a village in Balesh Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Khvajeh Monji Kuh ( Persian : خواجه منجيكوه‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Monjī Kūh ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kjelvik is a small fishing village in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
WEJL is a radio station broadcasting in Scranton , Pennsylvania on the AM dial at 630 kHz .
KBUX ( 94.3 FM ) is an Oldies , Classic hits , and Adult standards formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Quartzsite , Arizona .
Mucków ( ˈmut͡skuf ) , German Mutzkau , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Lake Lungern ( German : Lungerersee , also spelled Lungernsee or Lungerensee ) is a natural lake in Obwalden , Switzerland which is named after the town Lungern on its shore .
Llandybie ( Welsh : Llandybïe , ' Saint Tybie 's Church ' ) is a community which includes a large village of the same name situated two miles north of Ammanford in Carmarthenshire , Wales .
Łukowe ( wuˈkɔvɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Лукове , Lukove ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Durston is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated on the A361 road 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north east of Taunton and 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) south of Bridgwater in the Taunton Deane district .
Tri - State Airport ( IATA : HTS , ICAO : KHTS , FAA LID : HTS ) ( Milton J. Ferguson Field ) is a public airport in Wayne County , West Virginia , United States .
The Sussex Post Office and Store , also known as Sussex Community Hall , is located on the north bank of the Powder River in southeast Johnson County about twenty miles east of Kaycee , Wyoming .
The Waggoner Covered Bridge , also known as the Roddy 's Mill Covered Bridge , is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Northeast Madison Township and Tyrone Township in Perry County , Pennsylvania .
Redondo Peak is a conspicuous summit in the Jemez Mountains of New Mexico , in the southwestern United States .
ART4.RU Contemporary Art Museum is a museum of contemporary Russian art located in Moscow , Russia .
Sajna Mała ( ˈsai̯na ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Silver Cross Tavern is a pub on Whitehall in London , England .
The Lampasas River ( lam - PA - sis ) is a river in the U.S. state of Texas .
Bożejowice ( bɔʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec , within Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Poklęków ( pɔˈklɛnkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ames / ISU Ice Arena is an ice arena and recreational sport facility located in Ames , Iowa and owned and operated by Ames Parks & Rec Department and Iowa State University .
Long School was once located at 2520 Franklin Street in the Near North Side area of North Omaha , Nebraska .
The Crossings at Northwest , formerly Northwest Plaza , shopping mall located in St. Ann , a suburb of St. Louis , Missouri , United States .
Ab Bandan Sar ( Persian : اببندانسر‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bandān Sar ) is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Stratton St Margaret is a civil parish in the Borough of Swindon , Wiltshire , England .
Pawłowice Wielkie ( pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Pohlwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kentlake High School is a public high school , of more than 1,500 students located in Kent , Washington , USA .
The William R. Davie House , on Norman St. in Halifax , Halifax County , North Carolina , is a historic house with significance dating from 1783 .
Allegheny - Clarion Valley Junior / Senior High School , or A - C Valley , is a tiny , rural , public high school near Foxburg , in southwestern Clarion County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Slavićka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Славићка ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Robert P. Aitken Farm House is an Italianate residence in Flint Township , Michigan .
The Inns on the National Road is a national historic district near Cumberland , Allegany County , Maryland .
The Kerr City Historic District is a U.S. Historic District ( designated as such on September 29 , 1995 ) located east of McCoy , Florida .
Arkansas Post , Arkansas is an unincorporated community located along the north side of the Arkansas River in Arkansas County , Arkansas , United States near the location of the historical Arkansas Post .
The Biltmore Tower is a high - rise apartment tower located in Manhattan , New York City , near Times Square , close to Central Park and is surrounded by subway stations to easily get around the city .
The Greater Columbus Convention Center is a convention center located in downtown Columbus , Ohio , United States , along the east side of North High Street .
The Center for Global Studies ( CGS ) , formerly known as the Center for Japanese Studies Abroad , is a magnet school within Brien McMahon High School , in Norwalk , Connecticut .
Ranch to Market Road 2243 ( RM 2243 ) is a 8.112 mi ( 13.055 km ) ranch to market road in Williamson County , Texas .
Żabino - Arguły ( ʐaˈbinɔ arˈɡuwɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Kingstree Historic District contains forty - eight properties situated along Main Street , Academy Street , and Hampton Street in the commercial area of downtown Kingstree , South Carolina .
The De Cordova Bend Dam is a man - made dam on the Brazos River in Hood County , Texas , United States , controlled by the Brazos River Authority .
Tanglefoot Seaplane Base ( FAA LID : D28 ) is a privately owned , public - use seaplane base in Bonner County , Idaho , United States .
Alcaig ( Old Norse which means Auk Bay : Alcaig ) is a village located close to Conon Bridge in Dingwall , Ross - shire in Highland , and is within the Scottish council area of Highland .
Buntowo ( bunˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Elizabeth Macarthur High School is an academically selective and community high school in New South Wales located in the suburb of Narellan Vale .
Castano Primo is a city and comune in Province of Milan , in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 miles ) northwest of Milan .
Moqarrab ( Persian : مقرب‎ ; also known as Moqarrabīn ) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Ahmed Zabana National Museum ( Arabic : المتحف الوطني أحمد زبانة‎ , El - mathaf El - ouatani Ahmed Zabana ) is a museum located in Oran , Algeria and is named after the Algerian national hero Ahmed Zabana executed by the French on May 19 , 1956 in Algiers .
The Stover - Myers Mill is a watermill located on the Tohickon Creek in Bedminster Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Zeydun District ( Persian : بخش زیدون‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Stockton cannery strike of 1937 , also known as the spinach riot , was the bloody culmination of conflict between the Agricultural Workers Organization local and the California Processors and Growers in the San Joaquin Valley of California .
Cần Thơ ( listen ) is the fourth - largest city in Vietnam , and the largest city in the Mekong Delta .
The Former Geological Survey of Canada Building ( French : Ancien édifice de la Commission géologique du Canada ) is a three - storey , stone building located at the intersection of Sussex Drive and George Street in the Byward Market area of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Busch Memorial Stadium , also known as Busch Stadium II , was a multi - purpose sports facility in St. Louis , Missouri that operated from 1966 to 2005 .
The Wyoming County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse and jail located in Pineville , Wyoming County , West Virginia .
Breitbach 's Country Dining is a casual dining restaurant and bar located in the town of Balltown in Dubuque County , Iowa , United States .
WRAB ( 1380 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Arab , Alabama , USA .
Union Grove High School is a public institution within the Henry County School System in McDonough , Georgia and hosts students from ninth through twelfth grades .
San Martín de Oscos ( Eonavian : Samartín d'Ozcos ) is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias .
Golzar - e Mohammad ( Persian : گلزارمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Golzār - e Moḩammad ) is a village in Rigestan Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pułkowice ( puu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Pulkowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Leżuchowo ( lɛʐuˈxɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Hans Berger Haus is a refuge hut belonging to the Kufstein section of the Austrian Friends of Nature , located in the Kaisergebirge mountains in Tyrol .
Kulturfabrik Moabit is a cultural co - operative in Moabit , Berlin , Germany located in a former factory and warehouse building , which contains a cinema , theatre and concert hall .
Aslan Shahi ( Persian : اصلان شاهي‎ , also Romanized as Āṣlān Shāhī ) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kotcho Lake Village Provincial Park is a provincial park in north - eastern British Columbia , Canada .
Holy Savior Menard Central High School is the Roman Catholic parochial secondary institution of learning in Alexandria , the seat of Rapides Parish and the largest city in central Louisiana .
St. Nicholas Avenue is a major street that runs north - south between 193rd Street and 111th Streets in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Arabkhaneh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان عربخانه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pedlinge is a hamlet on the edge of the village of Saltwood in Kent .
The Stadium Theatre , part of the `` Stadium Building and Theatre , '' is an historic theater and commercial building at 329 Main Street in Woonsocket , Rhode Island .
The Hamburg University of Technology ( in German Technische Universität Hamburg - Harburg and abbreviated TUHH ) is one of the youngest universities in Germany as well as among those who have achieved popularity in a short time .
Larian ( Persian : لاريان‎ , also Romanized as Lārīān ) is a village in Nowdezh Rural District , Aseminun District , Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Munger Terrace is a landmarked apartment block in Duluth , Minnesota , USA .
Shifford is a hamlet in the civil parish of Aston , Cote , Shifford and Chimney in Oxfordshire , England .
Ječmišta ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јечмишта ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kileh ( Persian : كيله‎ , also Romanized as Kīleh ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
York Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at York , York County , Pennsylvania .
Ancoats Hospital was the commonly used name for the large inner - city hospital , located in Ancoats , to the north of the city centre of Manchester , England .
West Bagborough is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
The Upper Burial Ground is a cemetery in the Germantown section of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Ilford railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line serving the town of Ilford in the London Borough of Redbridge , east London .
Værløse is a town in Furesø Municipality in the northwestern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Hernandez Reservoir is an artificial lake created in by impounding water from the San Benito River in the Diablo Mountain Range of San Benito County , California .
Satu Mare County ( Romanian : Județul Satu Mare , pronounced ( ˌsatu ˈmare ) ) is a county ( județ ) of Romania on the border with Hungary and Ukraine .
The Albuquerque Museum , formerly known as the The Albuquerque Museum of Art and History , is located in Albuquerque , New Mexico in Old Town Albuquerque .
The Mountain Villa with Embracing Beauty ( Chinese : 环秀山庄 ; pinyin : Huánxiù Shānzhuāng ) is a Chinese garden located on 272 Jingde Rd . , inside the Embroidery Museum in Suzhou , Jiangsu , China .
Huron Wind is the first commercial wind farm in Ontario .
Przymorze is one of the quarters of the city of Gdańsk .
KTAM is an American Radio Station located in Bryan , Texas , broadcasting at a frequency of 1240 kHz .
The William and Florence Schmidt Art Center is a 6,500-square - foot art museum located on the Belleville Campus of Southwestern Illinois College , which houses a collection of approximately 800 pieces .
O. R. Latham Stadium was an outdoor stadium , on the campus of the University of Northern Iowa , in Cedar Falls , Iowa .
Hiangtam is a village located within Churachandpur district of Manipur , India .
Beargrass Creek is the name given to several forks of a creek in Jefferson County , Kentucky .
Mar - Lu - Ridge Summer Camp and Education and Conference Center is an outdoor ministry site of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America located in Jefferson , Maryland .
Kavaneh - ye Sharif ( Persian : كاوانه شريف‎ , also Romanized as Kāvāneh - ye Sharīf ; also known as Gāvāneh and Kāvdāneh ) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Star House ( Chinese : 星光行 ) is a commercial building facing Victoria Harbour in Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
St Andrews Cathedral Priory was a priory of Augustinian canons in St Andrews , Fife , Scotland .
Ubrodowice ( ubrɔdɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Madan - e Abdasht ( Persian : معدن ابدشت‎ , also Romanized as Maʿdan - e Ābdasht ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Vuurduin is a lighthouse on the Dutch island Vlieland .
Kahbad - e Do ( Persian : كهباددو‎ , also Romanized as Kahbād - e Do ; also known as Kūbād - e Morādī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
St Mary 's Star of the Sea Catholic School is a coeducational school for students from Kindergarten - Year 10 located in Carnarvon , Western Australia , a coastal town located 900 kilometres north of Perth ( just south of the Tropic of Capricorn ) .
Kasemdeh ( Persian : كاسمده‎ , also Romanized as Kāsemdeh ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Soap Lake is a meromictic soda lake in the town of Soap Lake , Washington formed by the Missoula Floods at the foot of the Grand Coulee .
Szczeble ( ˈʂt͡ʂɛblɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Ligota Piękna ( liˈɡɔta ˈpjɛnkna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznia Mała , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kaveh Kali ( Persian : كاوه كالي‎‎ , also Romanized as Kāveh Kālī ; also known as Kokālī ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Harrah 's New Orleans is a casino located in New Orleans , Louisiana , near the foot of Canal Street a block away from the Mississippi River .
Mellish Road Methodist Chapel was a grade II listed Methodist chapel in Mellish Road , Walsall , England , built in 1910 .
French Prairie is a prairie located in Marion County , Oregon , United States , in the Willamette Valley between the Willamette River and the Pudding River , north of Salem .
Kul Papa ( Persian : كول پاپا‎ , also Romanized as Kūl Pāpā ; also known as Kūl Bābā ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Reza Mahalleh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رضامحله‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Haramian - e Olya ( Persian : حرميان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩaramīān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 84 , in 17 families .
Shaduppum ( modern Tell Harmal ) is an archaeological site in Baghdad Governorate ( Iraq ) .
Harnden Farm , known today as Infinity Farm , is a historic farmstead at 261 Salem Street in Andover , Massachusetts .
The Imuruk Basin is a large interior body of water on western Alaska 's Seward Peninsula .
The West Side Dom Polski is a meeting hall and social club located at 3426 Junction Street in Detroit , Michigan .
Southfield Christian School ( SCS ) is a private college - preparatory school in Southfield , Michigan .
Dimkuh Shush ( Persian : ديمكوه شوش‎ , also Romanized as Dīmkūh Shūsh ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Duroville is the nickname for the former Desert Mobile Home Park located in Thermal , California .
Podągi ( pɔˈdɔnɡi ) ( German : Podangen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Rose Museum , located on the second floor of Manhattan 's Carnegie Hall at 154 West 57th Street , is a small museum dedicated to the history of Carnegie Hall .
The Museum of Neon Art ( MONA ) is a museum that exists to encourage learning and curiosity through the preservation , collection , and interpretation of neon art . The museum has had several locations since its foundation ; it is located in Glendale , California , and is devoted to art that incorporates neon lighting .
The Sun Mercantile Building ( or `` Sun Merc '' ) is a warehouse building in Phoenix , Arizona designed by E.W. Bacon and constructed by Wells & Son in 1929 .
Yaracuy State ( Spanish : Estado Yaracuy , IPA : ( esˈtaðo ʝaɾaˈkui ) ) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela .
Turulung ( Hungarian : Túrterebes , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtuːrtɛrbɛʃ ) ) is a commune of 3,910 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Bąbolin ( bɔmˈbɔlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Adamczowice ( adamt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Jose Castro House , now known as the Castro - Breen Adobe , in San Juan Bautista , California , USA , is a historic adobe home built by José Castro in 1840 .
Breguzzo ( German : Bregutz ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west of Trento .
Sobącz ( ˈsɔbɔnt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liniewo , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Keyzaqan ( Persian : كيزقان‎ , also Romanized as Keyz̄aqān ) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The 1790 House , also called the Joseph Bartlett House or the Bartlett - Wheeler House , is a historic house located at 827 Main Street , Woburn , Massachusetts , and listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Gaz Deraz ( Persian : گزدراز‎ , also Romanized as Gaz Derāz and Gez Derāz ; also known as Gazeh Darāz and Gāzeh Derāz ) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kowalewo - Sołectwo ( kɔvaˈlɛvɔ sɔˈwɛt͡stfɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gamerki Małe ( ɡaˈmɛrki ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Gemmern ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Howard County General Hospital is a 259-bed , not - for - profit health care provider located in Columbia , Maryland .
Sokolne ( sɔˈkɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Dallas Municipal Building is a Dallas Landmark located along S. Harwood Street between Main and Commerce Street in the Main Street District of downtown Dallas , Texas that served as the city 's fourth City Hall .
Jabuka ( Cyrillic : Јабука ) is a village situated in the Pančevo municipality , in the South Banat District , Vojvodina province , Serbia .
The Lakeland Square Mall is a shopping mall located on the northern side of Lakeland , Florida in the United States and one of two enclosed malls serving Polk County .
Chak Malook ( Urdu : چک ملوک‎ ) is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil , and is located at 32 ° 58'0N 72 ° 57'0E.
O'Connell College Preparatory School ( formerly O'Connell Consolidated High School ) is a 4-year coeducational parochial / private high school in Galveston , Texas , United States that offers university - preparatory programs .
Pullman High School is a public secondary school in the city of Pullman , Washington , the home of Washington State University .
Holston Mountain is a mountain ridge in Upper East Tennessee and southwest Virginia , in the United States .
KSPC is a non - commercial college and community radio station based in Claremont , California , US broadcasting at 88.7 MHz on the FM band and streaming online .
John and Phineas Hough House , also known as `` Twin Arches , '' is a historic home located at Lower Makefield Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Agency Valley Dam ( National ID # OR00589 ) is a dam in Oregon , built on the North Fork Malheur River in the eastern part of the state , immediately north of the small town of Beulah in Malheur County .
Rynkówka ( rɨnˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Embers Avenue , more popularly known as Embers , is a show bar and dance club located in the Old Town Chinatown neighborhood of Portland , Oregon , in the United States .
Łośnica ( wɔɕˈnit͡sa ) ( formerly German Lasbeck ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Calbost ( Scottish Gaelic : Calabost ) is a village on Lewis in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Boldur ( Hungarian : Boldor ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
Over Kellet is a village and civil parish near Carnforth in the English county of Lancashire .
Ridge View High School ( commonly abbreviated as RVHS ) is a comprehensive public high school in Columbia , South Carolina .
The Atsutla Range is a granitic mountain range on the Kawdy Plateau in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The Liverpool Plains are an extensive agricultural area covering about 1.2 million hectares of the north - western slopes of New South Wales in Australia .
Pir Saqqa ( Persian : پيرسقا‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Saqqā ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubegharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kolaksar ( Persian : كلاك سر‎ , also Romanized as Kolāksar ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Zile , anciently known as Zela , is a city and a district of Tokat Province , Turkey .
Oranjewoud ( West Frisian : Oranjewâld , literally `` Orange Forest '' ) is a small village in Heerenveen in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
WDAO `` The Real Rhythm Of The City '' is a daytime - only commercial AM radio station in Dayton , Ohio operating on the frequency of 1210 kHz with a power of 1,000 watts .
Marksbury is a small village and civil parish in Somerset about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) from Keynsham and 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) from Bath on the A39 where it meets the A368 .
Someo is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
Jacksboro High School is a 3A high school located in Jacksboro , Texas ( USA ) .
The Valjean Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert , in northern San Bernardino County , southern California .
Madam 's Organ Blues Bar is a restaurant and nightclub located at 2461 18th Street NW in Washington , D.C. 's Adams Morgan neighborhood .
Wojtkowice - Dady ( vɔi̯tkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdadɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Space Coast Next Generation Solar Energy Center is a 10-megawatt ( MW ) solar photovoltaic ( PV ) facility at the Kennedy Space Center , Florida .
The Shire of Kingaroy was a local government area in the South Burnett region of Queensland , Australia , about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northwest of the capital , Brisbane .
The Ishtar Gate ( Arabic : بوابة عشتار‎ , Persian : دروازه ایشتار‎‎ ) was the eighth gate to the inner city of Babylon .
The James A. Burden House is a former residence located on 7 East 91st Street in Carnegie Hill in New York City .
Porreres is a municipality on Majorca , one of the Balearic Islands , Spain .
The Minichinas Hills are a group of hills located in east central parkland region of Saskatchewan , Canada .
Bewoor ( Kannada : ಬೇವೂರು ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Adderley is a village and civil parish in the English county of Shropshire , several kilometres north of Market Drayton .
Bright Water School is a Preschool through Grade Eight Waldorf School in Seattle , Washington , located in the historic St. Nicholas Building on Capitol Hill ; the building is a designated Seattle Landmark .
The Board of Education of North Carolina offered Bennett College for that task .
Alanzu is a small town in Okpho Township , Tharrawaddy District , in the Bago Region of southern - central Burma .
Ban - e Zirak ( Persian : بن زيرك‎ , also Romanized as Ban - e Zīraḵ ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bukit Larut , formerly known as Maxwell Hill ( but still often referred to by its latter name ) , is a hill resort located 10 km from Taiping , Perak , Malaysia .
Hermanowa ( xɛrmaˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyczyn , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Chelmsford Forum is a multi - use indoor sport and concert venue , actually located in Billerica , Massachusetts , United States , just across the town line of Chelmsford , Massachusetts .
Ponca City Regional Airport ( IATA : PNC , ICAO : KPNC , FAA LID : PNC ) is a city - owned airport two miles northwest of Ponca City , in Kay County , Oklahoma .
Bagieńsko ( baˈɡʲɛɲskɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Kincardine Bridge is a road bridge crossing the Firth of Forth from Falkirk council area to Kincardine - on - Forth , Fife , Scotland .
The Pacific Zen Institute ( PZI ) , is a Zen Buddhist practice center in Santa Rosa , California .
Horace Greeley High School is a public , four - year secondary school serving students in grades 9 - -12 in Chappaqua , New York .
Dahaneh Sar Asiyab ( Persian : دهنه سراسياب‎ , also Romanized as Dahaneh Sar Asīyāb ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sarayan County ( Persian : شهرستان سرایان‎ ) is a county in South Khorasan Province in Iran .
Novi di Modena is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia - Romagna , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northwest of Bologna and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of Modena in the Pianura Padana .
The Botanischer Garten Karlsruhe is a municipal botanical garden located in Karlsruhe , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Deh - e Mohammad Rafi ( Persian : ده محمدرفيع‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Moḩammad Rafī `` ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 113 , in 31 families .
Monta Vista High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school located in the Silicon Valley city of Cupertino , California , US .
Gananoque Lake is a lake of eastern Ontario , Canada , located about 10 miles north of the town of Gananoque .
Kushk Dasht ( Persian : كشك دشت‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk Dasht ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
KBIA ( 91.3 FM ) , is a National Public Radio - member station in Columbia , Missouri .
Lakewood Bus Terminal is a regional bus terminal owned and operated by New Jersey Transit ( NJT ) at 1st & Lexington Avenues in Lakewood , New Jersey .
The Edwin W. Marsh House is ( or was ) a historic house at 17 Marsh Street in Quincy , Massachusetts .
Deli Hermun ( Persian : دلي هرمون‎ , also Romanized as Delī Hermūn ; also known as Delī Hermū ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bennekom is a village and parish in the Netherlands , which is part of the Municipality of Ede in the south - west of the Veluwe district of the Province of Gelderland .
Bani Golan ( Persian : باني گلان‎ , Sorani Kurdish : بانی گوڵان , also Romanized as Bānī Golān ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kinsman Notch ( elev . 1,870 feet ( 570 m ) ) is a mountain pass located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire , United States .
Tivydale , Texas is an unincorporated farming and ranching community located in Gillespie County , located 14 miles ( 23 km ) west of Fredericksburg , and was originally known as Bunkesville and Pumpkinville .
Hashan ( Persian : هشان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩāshān and Hashān ) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Lasqueti Island ( US : /ˌləsˈkiːdiː/ ) is an island off the east coast of Vancouver Island in the Strait of Georgia , Powell River Regional District , British Columbia , Canada and is home to about 425 year - round residents .
Orval Abbey ( Abbaye Notre - Dame d'Orval ) is a Cistercian monastery founded in 1132 in the Gaume region of Belgium and is located in Villers - devant - Orval , part of Florenville in the province of Luxembourg .
Kentmere is a valley , village and civil parish in the Lake District National Park , a few miles from Kendal in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria , England .
The San Angelo Museum of Fine Arts is an art museum serving 14 counties located in San Angelo , Texas .
Poshteh - ye Gish ( Persian : پشته گيش‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh - ye Gīsh ) is a village in Berentin Rural District , Bikah District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Gulf Province is a province of Papua New Guinea located on the southern coast .
Myintha is a village on the Chindwin River in Homalin Township , Hkamti District , in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma .
Swornica ( sfɔrˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Welland House Hotel is a historic building located on the corner of King and Ontario Streets in St. Catharines , Ontario , the Welland House Hotel Building is now a landmark in the Downtown Core .
Bidesk - e Monond ( Persian : بيدسك منند‎ , also Romanized as Bīdesk - e Monond ; also known as Bīdesk , Bedesk , Bedestk , and Bīdesg ) is a village in Qohestan Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rhynern , also Hamm - Rhynern , is the largest town by area ( 59.22 km ² ) and former municipality , in the district of the city of Hamm , Westphalia , Germany .
Watsonville Municipal Airport ( IATA : WVI , ICAO : KWVI , FAA LID : WVI ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) northwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Watsonville , a city in Santa Cruz County , California , USA .
KHSA - LP ( 107.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Hot Springs , Arkansas , in the United States .
Gimcheon ( 김천 ; 金泉市 ; trans . , ' gold spring city ' ) is a city in North Gyeongsang Province , South Korea .
Mezzocorona ( German : Kronmetz ) , until 1902 Mezzotedesco ( German : Deutschmetz ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north of the city of Trento .
West Layton is a village and civil parish in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire , England , close to the border with County Durham and a few miles west of Darlington .
The Isle of Sheppey is an island off the northern coast of Kent , England in the Thames Estuary , some 46 miles ( 74 km ) to the east of London .
Urschenheim ( Alemannic German : Ürsche ) is a communes in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The Liefkenshoektunnel is a toll tunnel between Antwerp and Beveren under the River Schelde .
Gometz - la - Ville is a French communes in the Essonne department in the southern suburbs of Paris ( 25 km ) from the center of Paris .
Qarkhotlu ( Persian : قارختلو‎ , also Romanized as Qārkhotlū ; also known as Karkhurta , Qarakhurtali , Qārkhowdlū , Qārkhūdlū , Qārkhūtlī , Qārkhūtlū , and Qārkhvodlū ) is a village in Ijrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Swatow Street ( Chinese : 汕頭街 ) is a street in the Wan Chai area of Hong Kong island , Hong Kong .
Hoquiam High School , located within the Hoquiam School District in Hoquiam , Washington , is a comprehensive high school which first opened in 1891 .
Qulanjeq ( Persian : قولانجق‎ , also Romanized as Qūlānjeq ) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The General David Humphreys House , located at 37 Elm St. , Ansonia , Connecticut , was built from 1695 to 1698 and is the birthplace of the American Revolutionary War Colonel David Humphreys .
The William H. Trusty House is a historic home located in the Phoebus section of Hampton , Virginia .
Shobrooke is a village , parish and former manor in Devon , England .
The Church Office Building ( COB ) is a 28-story building in Salt Lake City , Utah , which houses the administrative support staff for the lay ministry of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) throughout the world .
Deszkowice Pierwsze ( dɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Baveysi - ye Seyyed Mohammad ( Persian : باويسي سيدمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Bāveysī - ye Seyyed Moḩammad ) is a village in Sarqaleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Flushing International High School is a New York City public high school that opened in September 2004 in Flushing , New York .
Vigala Parish ( Estonian : Vigala vald ) is an Estonian municipality located in Rapla County .
The Tlikakila River ( Dena'ina Athabascan Łiq'a Qilanhtnu , literally `` salmon - are - there river '' ) is a stream , 51 miles ( 82 km ) long , in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Rockhampton Correctional Centre ( also known as Etna Creek Prison ) was an Australian prison at Rockhampton , Queensland , Australia .
San Emigdio Mountain is in the San Emigdio Mountains , located in Kern County , a few miles north of the Ventura County border in Southern California .
Shahr - e Bijar ( Persian : شهربيجار‎ , also Romanized as Shahr - e Bījār ; also known as Shahr - e Bījār Rūdsarā ) is a village in Blukat Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Berikan ( Persian : بريكان‎ , also Romanized as Berīkān and Barīkān ; also known as Bārīku ) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
US 281 Bridge at the Brazos River is located south of Mineral Wells , Texas .
Picketed Point Stockade was the last of three fortifications built at Marietta , Ohio .
Rumiwasi ( Quechua rumi stone , wasi house , `` stone house '' , hispanicized spelling Rumihuasi ) or Phaqchayuq ( Quechua phaqcha waterfall , -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with a waterfall '' , hispanicized Phaqchayoc ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Farm to Market Road 2199 or FM 2199 is a state maintained farm to market road in Harrison County , Texas , United States .
Sęków ( ˈsɛŋkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
KJOE ( 106.1 FM ) is a radio station in Slayton , Minnesota broadcasting a country music format .
The UXU Ranch is a historic dude ranch in Shoshone National Forest near Wapiti , Wyoming .
The Lynn Masonic Hall is a historic Masonic building located at 64 - 68 Market Street in Lynn , Massachusetts .
The Watkinson Juvenile Asylum and Farm School is a historic school complex at 140 , 180 , and 190 Bloomfield Avenue in Hartford and West Hartford , Connecticut .
The Walhalla Graded School , built in 1901 , is an historic building located at 101 E. North Broad Street in Walhalla , South Carolina .
Tamalín is a municipality located in the north zone in the State of Veracruz .
Zaręby - Świeżki ( zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈɕfjɛʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Zu ol Farrokh ( Persian : ذوالفرخ‎ , also Romanized as Z̄ū ol Farrokh ) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Piekuty - Urbany ( pjɛˈkutɨ urˈbanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hasan Nuran ( Persian : حسن نوران‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Nūrān ; also known as Ḩasanlī , Ḩasanlū , Hasan Tūrān , and Khassan ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cheekalaparvi also spelled as Chikalparvi ( Kannada : ಚೀಕಲಪರ್ವಿ ) is a village in the Manvi taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Trace State Park , also known as Old Natchez Trace Park , is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi named for the nearby Natchez Trace trail .
Rüningen is a Stadtbezirk ( city district ) on the river Oker in the southern part of Braunschweig , Germany .
Joe 's Scarecrow Village , also known simply as Joe 's Scarecrows , was a roadside attraction located in Cap LeMoine near Cheticamp , Cape Breton , Nova Scotia .
Crown Candy Kitchen , is a restaurant located on St. Louis Avenue in the Old North St. Louis neighborhood of St. Louis , Missouri .
The Circus World Museum is a large museum complex in Baraboo , Wisconsin , devoted to circus - related history .
Parkdale Secondary College , which is located in the Bayside suburb of Mordialloc , Victoria , Australia , is Parkdale 's local public school .
The Carson County Square House Museum is located at the intersection of Texas State Highway 207 and Fifth Street in the city of Panhandle , in the county of Carson , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Bastam Beg ( Persian : بسطام بگ‎ , also Romanized as Basṭām Beg ; also known as Basţām Beyk ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Blount Generating Station , also known as Blount Street Generating Station is a natural gas - fired , electrical power station located in the city of Madison , Wisconsin , in Dane County .
Itasca Community College ( known as ICC with the slogan `` THE BEST PLACE TO START '' ) is a two - year community college located in Grand Rapids , Minnesota .
WUMP ( 730 AM , `` SportsRadio 730 The UMP '' ) is a sports talk formatted radio station licensed to Madison , Alabama , where its transmitter tower is located .
Penmon is a promontory , village and ecclesiastical parish on the south - east tip of the Isle of Anglesey in Wales , about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) east of the town of Beaumaris .
Nonesuch River Golf Course is an 18-hole golf course located near the Nonesuch River in Scarborough , Maine , USA .
Barat College of the Sacred Heart was a small Roman Catholic college located in Lake Forest , Illinois , United States , 30 miles north of Chicago .
Zachwiejów ( zaxˈfjɛjuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Padew Narodowa , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Mountain Top Arboretum ( 183 acres ) , located in Tannersville , New York , USA is located in New York 's Catskill Mountains .
Sanjuzan ( Persian : سنجوزان‎ , also Romanized as Sanjūzān and Sanjowzān ; also known as Sachūzān ) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Keen Kutter Building is a former hardware warehouse located in Wichita , Kansas that was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 .
Kadaryszki ( kadaˈrɨʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka - Tartak , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Shahzadeh Abdollah ( Persian : شاهزاده عبداله‎ , also Romanized as Shāhzādeh `` Abdollāh ) is a village in Seydun - e Shomali Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 48 , in 9 families .
The Dalhousie Arts Centre , at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia , contains a number of theatres ( including an outdoor rooftop theatre ) , an art gallery , classrooms , and a sculpture garden .
Xinping Yi and Dai Autonomous County ( 新平彝族傣族自治县 ; pinyin : Xīnpíng yízú dǎizú Zìzhìxiàn ) is located in Yuxi , Yunnan Province , China .
Intermountain Christian School is a school that was founded in 1983 in the state of Utah .
Cheshmeh Balvark ( Persian : چشمه بلورك‎ , Sorani Kurdish : کانی بلوەرک ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Hanscom Park is a historic neighborhood in Midtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Bonakabad ( Persian : بنک آباد‎ , also Romanized as Bonakābād and Bonkābād ) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Suburban Airport ( FAA LID : W18 ) is a public - use airport located in Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States , two miles ( 3 km ) southeast of the central business district of Laurel .
The T - Room is located in downtown Halifax , Nova Scotia on Barrington Street between Spring Garden Road and Morris Street .
Quibdó ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kiβˈðo ) ) is the capital city of Chocó Department , in western Colombia , on the Atrato River .
Kębło ( ˈkɛmbwɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sabz Ali Sara ( Persian : سبزعلي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Sabz ʿAlī Sarā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rüdesheim ( Rhein ) station is in the town of Rüdesheim am Rhein in the German state of Hesse on the East Rhine Railway ( German : Rechte Rheinstrecke ) .
Susurluk is a small town and a district of Balıkesir Province in northwestern Turkey .
Coventry is located in the county of West Midlands but is historically part of Warwickshire .
Kudavattor is a small village of the Kottarakara Taluk in the Kollam district of the Indian state of Kerala , well known for its agricultural atmosphere and natural beauty of the landscape .
The Warmbeek / Tongelreep is one of the clearest rivers of Flanders and North - Brabant .
Black Mesa State Park is an Oklahoma state park in Cimarron County , near the western border of the Oklahoma panhandle and New Mexico .
G. G. Allen Steam Station is a 1.140 GW coal - fired electricity generating facility , located in South Point Township , Gaston County , North Carolina , on man - made Lake Wylie ( part of the Catawba River ) .
Ruvand ( Persian : روواند‎ , also Romanized as Rūvānd ; also known as Rūvān ) is a village in Sagezabad Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Liempde is a village in the Netherlands in the municipality Boxtel .
Ali Barani ( Persian : علي باراني‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Bārānī ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 223 , in 41 families .
Jannatabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جنت آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stetson Union Church , also known as the Stetson Meetinghouse , is a historic church building on Maine State Route 222 in Stetson , Maine .
Established in May 1923 , Meherabad was the first permanent residence of Meher Baba and his disciples in Ahmednagar district .
Kempt Tower , in La Grande Cueillette , Saint Ouen , Jersey , is also known as Saint Ouen No . 2 and La Grôsse Tou in Jèrriais , and is a Martello tower that the British completed in 1834 .
Kanata North Ward or Ward 4 ( French : Quartier Kanata - Nord ) is a ward in the city of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Salt Springs Reservoir is a reservoir in the eastern portions of Amador County and Calaveras County of California in the Sierra Nevada about 30 miles ( 48 km ) east - northeast of Jackson .
Knockdrin is an area north of Mullingar , in County Westmeath , Ireland .
Ogmore Valley ( Welsh : Cwm Ogwr ) is a community in the Bridgend County Borough , Mid Glamorgan , Wales .
Panglin Plaza ( simplified Chinese : 彭年广场 ; traditional Chinese : 彭年廣場 ; pinyin : Péngnián Guǎngchǎng ) is a 57-floor 240 metre ( 787 foot ) tall skyscraper completed in 1999 located in Shenzhen , China .
Keshaharan ( Persian : كشهران‎ , also Romanized as Keshaharān ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Heitersheim is a town in the district Breisgau - Hochschwarzwald , Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany .
Neuf - Brisach ( German : Neubreisach ) is a fortified town and commune of the department of Haut - Rhin in the French region of Alsace .
Burrunggui ( previously called Nourlangie Rock ) is located in an outlying formation of the Arnhem Land Escarpment within the Kakadu National Park which is in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Hamilton Centre ( French : Hamilton - Centre ) is a federal electoral district in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 2004 .
Budihal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India , in the subdistrict of Chikodi .
Hushom ( Persian : حوشم‎ , also Romanized as Ḩūshom ; also known as Hūshomb and Hūshomb - e Bālā ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The New Basin Canal , also known as the New Canal and the New Orleans Canal , was a shipping canal in New Orleans , Louisiana , from the 1830s through the 1940s .
Pahrump Valley is a Mojave Desert valley west of Las Vegas and the Spring Mountains massif in southern Nye County , Nevada , and eastern San Bernardino County , California .
Jonathan Dickinson State Park is a Florida State Park and historic site located in Martin County , Florida , between Hobe Sound and Tequesta .
The Barrow Peninsula is located on southern Baffin Island in the Canadian territory of Nunavut .
Guangming New District ( simplified Chinese : 光明新区 ; traditional Chinese : 光明新區 ; pinyin : Guāngmíng Xīn Qū ) , is one of seven districts in the city of Shenzhen .
The Williams College Museum of Art ( WCMA ) is a college art museum in Williamstown , Massachusetts .
The Old Bridgeport Road is a historic road in Mississippi in the United States .
The Amagansett National Wildlife Refuge , in Amagansett , New York , graces the shore of the Atlantic Ocean on Long Island 's south fork .
The House of Hetampur Raj rose from obscure origins to the status of the most powerful Kingdom and later Zamindari of Birbhum district .
Poverty Beach or Sewell Point is a barrier spit , approximately 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) in length entirely within the City of Cape May , along the Atlantic Ocean coast of eastern New Jersey in the United States .
The Harlan County Reservoir includes a dam and a reservoir of 13,250 acres ( 54 km2 ) located in Harlan County in south - central Nebraska .
Dworzyszcze ( dvɔˈʐɨʂt͡ʂɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rychtal , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
King Philip Regional High School is a regional high school in Massachusetts drawing students from three towns :
Broad Campden is a small village in Gloucestershire , England , with a church and a pub .
Thompson Gym , built in 1925 , was the indoor arena of North Carolina State University until Reynolds Coliseum opened in 1949 .
The Irondequoit Bay Bridge is a 2,375.36-foot ( 724.01 m ) continuous truss bridge spanning Irondequoit Bay in eastern Monroe County , New York , in the United States .
Ballyjamesduff ( Irish : Baile Shéamais Dhuibh , meaning `` Town of Black James '' ) is a medium - sized town with a population of 2,240 in County Cavan in Ireland , located on the R194 regional road .
Louvie - Soubiron ( Lobièr sobiran or Lobièr de Haut in occitan ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Lewson Street is a village near the A2 road , in the Swale District , in the English county of Kent .
Gilbert E. Purple House , also known as Northern Tioga Telephone Company building , is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County , New York .
Pęczyny ( pɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Glamis Tower , sometimes referred to as Glamis Castle was a castle at Kinghorn , Fife , Scotland .
Croxteth is a suburb of Liverpool , Merseyside , England and a Liverpool City Council Ward .
Gilman Hall is a building on the campus of the University of California , Berkeley .
Towosahgy State Historic Site ( 23MI2 ) , also known as `` Beckwith 's Fort , '' is a large Mississippian earthwork mound site with a Woodland period Baytown culture component located in Mississippi County , Missouri .
Nazareth House , also known as St. Andrew 's Parish House , is a historic building in Rochester , Monroe County , New York , USA .
Vallanadu Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area of Tamil Nadu in South India created for the protection of blackbuck antelope .
Považský hrad ( other names : Hrad Bystrica , Bystrický hrad , Bistrizza , Bestruche castrum ) is a ruin of medieval castle on the right side of the river Váh , near Považská Bystrica in Slovakia .
Bristol Mountain Ski Resort , also known as Bristol Mountain Winter Resort , is a ski resort located in South Bristol , New York in the Finger Lakes region .
Prevost Manor House , also known as Hush - Hush Farm , is a historic home located at Greenville in Greene County , New York .
Beavertail Hill State Park is a Montana state park located 26 miles east of Missoula , Montana and just off Interstate 90 .
The ruins of Wulp Castle ( German : Ruine Wulp or Burg Wulp ) is a castle located besides Küsnachter Tobel in the municipality of Küsnacht and the canton of Zurich in Switzerland .
Beyk Jan ( Persian : بيك جان‎ , also Romanized as Beyk Jān ; also known as Bāyjān , Bāyjān - e Gechlarāt , Bāyjān Gachlarāt , Beistan , Beygjān , and Bīstān ) is a village in Gejlarat - e Sharqi Rural District , Aras District , Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nowy Zieluń ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈʑeluɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Polebridge to Numa Ridge Phoneline is a historic communications path in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana .
Porseh Su - ye Sofla ( Persian : پرسه سوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Porseh Sū - ye Soflá ; also known as Porseh Sū - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Gholaman Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Zarang Mahalleh ( Persian : زرنگ محله‎ , also Romanized as Zarang Maḩalleh ) is a village in Chapar Khaneh Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Stanford Dingley is a village and civil parish in West Berkshire , England , between Newbury , the nearest large town ( West Berkshire 's largest ) , and Theale , which has the nearest motorway junction .
Sucao Township ( simplified Chinese : 苏曹乡 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇曹鄉 ; pinyin : Sūcáo Xiāng ) is a township in Congtai District , Handan , Hebei , China .
The Grand Riviera Theater was a movie palace theater located at 9222 Grand River Avenue in western Detroit , Michigan .
Winthrop Beach is the main beach of Winthrop , Massachusetts .
Sarcelles is a sub - prefecture of the Val - d'Oise department and the seat of the Arrondissement of Sarcelles .
Oil Creek State Park is Pennsylvania state park on 6,250 acres ( 2,529 ha ) in Cherrytree , Cornplanter and Oil Creek Townships , Venango County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Correntina is a municipality in the state of Bahia in Brazil , 500 km from Brasilia and 980 km from Salvador .
Mathukumalli , it is a village in Savalyapuram mandal of Guntur district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Dobaczewo ( dɔbaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Stantonbury Camp is the site of an Iron Age hill fort near Stanton Prior within the parish of Marksbury in Somerset , England .
Klaaswaal was a separate municipality until 1984 , when it was merged with Numansdorp to form a new municipality called Cromstrijen .
Kuklin ( ˈkuklin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lewałd Wielki ( ˈlɛvau̯t ˈvjɛlki ) ( German : Groß Lehwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Loudoun County Parkway is a secondary state highway in eastern Loudoun County , Virginia .
Goldenport Park Circuit ( simplified Chinese : 北京金港国际赛车场 ; traditional Chinese : 北京金港國際賽車場 ) is a permanent circuit in Jinzhanxiang , Chaoyang District , Beijing , People 's Republic of China ( 10 km North of Beijing ) designed by Australian Michael McDonough .
Mariposa Grove is a sequoia grove located near Wawona , California , United States , in the southernmost part of Yosemite National Park .
Wanstrow is a village and civil parish 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) south west of Frome in the Mendip district of Somerset , England .
The Royal Hamilton Yacht Club ( RHYC ) is located in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , at the west end of Lake Ontario , and has been in existence since 1888 .
75 Public Square is a high - rise office building on Public Square in downtown Cleveland , Ohio .
Toms River High School East is a comprehensive four - year public high school , the third high school built in Toms River in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as part of the Toms River Regional Schools .
Range 3 Coast Land District is one of the 59 land districts of British Columbia , Canada , which are part of the cadastral divisions of British Columbia .
Times Square Tower is a 47-story , 726-foot ( 221 m ) office tower located at 7 Times Square in Manhattan , New York City , standing at West 41st Street .
Alfarrasí ( Valencian pronunciation : ( aɫfaraˈzi ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Għar Dalam ( pronounced ar dàlam in Maltese and meaning `` Cave of Darkness '' ) is a prehistorical cul - de - sac located in the outskirts of Birżebbuġa , Malta containing the bone remains of animals that were stranded and subsequently became extinct in Malta at the end of the Ice age .
Frankowizna ( frankɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Whiterow is a small coastal hamlet , on the east coast of Caithness , lying 1 miles southeast of Wick , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
The Nonesuch Mine is an abandoned copper mine and small ghost town in the southeast corner of the Porcupine Mountains State Park in Carp Lake Township , Ontonagon County , near Silver City , Michigan , United States .
Aqa Bolaghi ( Persian : آقا بلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Bolāghī ) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District , Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Polnessan ( Scottish Gaelic : Poll an Easain , pool on the small waterfall ) is a small rural village in East Ayrshire , Scotland .
Odaimarichan is a small village in the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu State in South India .
The Vallecito Mountains are located in the Colorado Desert , in eastern San Diego County , Southern California .
The Monastery of Saint Pishoy ( also spelled Bishoy , Pshoi , or Bishoi ) in Wadi El Natrun ( the Nitrian Desert ) , Beheira Governorate , Egypt , is the most famous Coptic Orthodox monastery named after Saint Pishoy .
Curry College is a private liberal arts - based institution in Milton , in the U.S. state of Massachusetts that was founded as the School of Elocution and Expression in 1879 .
Stover - Winger Farm , also known as Tayamentasachta , is a historic farm complex located at Antrim Township in Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
Adkan ( Persian : ادكان‎ , also Romanized as Adkān ) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chaleh Ardak ( Persian : چاله اردك‎ , also Romanized as Chāleh Ārdaḵ ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Crooks ' Hollow Dam ( alternatively , Dundas Town Dam ) was a buttressed gravity dam , built of concrete in 1916 on Spencer Creek in Greensville , Ontario , Canada .
Puente de Vallecas ( Bridge of Vallecas ) is one of the 21 districts of the city of Madrid , Spain .
The 112th Street Bridge is a bridge that carries New York State Route 470 across the Hudson River in New York .
The Skilly Hills are a range of hills which make up part of the Mount Lofty Ranges in South Australia 's Mid North region .
Wedge Pass , also known as Billygoat Pass , 1430 m ( 4692 ft ) , is a mountain pass in the northern Garibaldi Ranges , the southwesternmost subdivisions of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia , Canada .
ByWard Market ( sometimes called By Ward Market , Byward Market or simply The Market , Marché By in French ) is a district in Lower Town ( Ottawa , Ontario ) located east of the government and business district , surrounding the market buildings and open - air market on George , York , ByWard and William Streets .
Lindøya is a small island located in the Oslofjord , just south of central Oslo .
Gilak Mahalleh - ye Alalan ( Persian : گيلك محله الالان‎ , also Romanized as Gīlak Maḩalleh - ye Ālālān ; also known as Gīlakmaḩalleh ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Taleqan - ye Yek ( Persian : طالقان يك‎ , meaning `` Taleqan 1 '' , also Romanized as Ţāleqān - ye Yek and Ţāleghānī - ye Yek ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Stara Sil ( the former name -- Stara Ropa ) , ( Ukrainian : Стара́ Сіль , Стара́ Ро́па , German : Salzbrock ) is an urban - type settlement in Staryi Sambir Raion , Lviv Oblast , of Western Ukraine .
Pidkamin ( Ukrainian : Підкамінь , Polish : Podkamień ) is an urban - type settlement in Brody Raion ( district ) , Lviv oblast in Ukraine .
Käpylä ( Swedish : Kottby ) is a neighbourhood of Helsinki with 7,600 inhabitants .
Boise Contemporary Theater ( BCT ) is a small professional theater company located in Boise , Idaho .
Planetario Luis Enrique Erro is a planetarium located in Mexico City , owned and operated by the National Polytechnic Institute .
Mowtowr - e Mehdi Ab Azeri ( Persian : موتورمهدي اباذري‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Mehdī Āb Āẕerī ) is a village in Vakilabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kal Abdughi ( Persian : كل ابدوغي‎ , also Romanized as Kal Ābdūghī ) is a village in Nargesan Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Werribee and Avalon Important Bird Area comprises some 37 km2 of coastal land along the north - western shore of Port Phillip in the state of Victoria , south - eastern Australia .
Vali Beyg ( Persian : ولي بيگ‎ , also Romanized as Valī Beyg ) is a village in Korani Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iraq .
Dybów - Kolonia ( ˈdɨbuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Squire 's Castle is a shell of a building located in the North Chagrin Reservation of the Cleveland Metroparks in Willoughby Hills , Ohio ( visible from River Road ) .
Manebhanjyang is a small city which lies in Khandbari Municipality of Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of Eastern Nepal .
Qazi Gavaber ( Persian : قاضي گوابر‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕī Gavāber ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Saint - Clément - de - Rivière is a municipality located close to Montpellier , in the Hérault department in the Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
Te Tipua is a locality in the eastern Southland Region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Juzanan ( Persian : جوزنان‎ , also Romanized as Jūzanān ) is a village in Mardehek Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sobocka Wieś ( sɔˈbɔt͡ska ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Wolica Nowa ( vɔˈlit͡sa ˈnɔva ) is a village in west - central Poland , located in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship .
Darreh Badu ( Persian : دره بادو‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Bādū ; also known as Darreh Bādām ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Huguenot Cemetery in St. Augustine , Florida located across from the historic City Gate was a Protestant burial ground between the years 1821 and 1884 .
Leszkiemie ( lɛʂˈkʲɛmjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
St. Joseph 's Church and Parochial School is a historic church at 210 W. 13th and 217 W. 13th in Hays , Kansas , United States .
Golaghat district ( Pron:ˌgəʊləˈgɑ : t ) ( Assamese : গোলাঘাট জিলা ) is an administrative district in the state of Assam in India .
Radnor Lake State Natural Area , also known as , Radnor Lake State Park , is a popular state natural area and state park in Oak Hill , Tennessee within Nashville .
The Union Mill Complex , ( also Bischoff 's Chocolate Factory ) , is located at the junction of Milton Avenue ( NY 50 ) and Prospect Street in Ballston Spa , New York , United States .
108 Mile Lake is a glacial lake located in the Cariboo region of British Columbia , Canada .
The Henry Perviance Peers House is a rectangular , two - story painted brick house in Maysville , Kentucky overlooking the Ohio River .
Rider University is a private , coeducational and nonsectarian university located chiefly in the Lawrenceville section of Lawrence Township in Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
Ornica is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northeast of Milan and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Bergamo , at the foot of the Pizzo Tre Signori .
Cordalba is a town in central Queensland , Australia that was founded in 1896 and played an important role in the sugar workers strike of 1911 .
Bronkhorst is a village in the municipality of Bronckhorst , Gelderland , the Netherlands .
The Peak 2 Peak Gondola is a tri - cable gondola lift located in Whistler , British Columbia that links Whistler Mountain 's Roundhouse Lodge with Blackcomb Mountain 's Rendezvous Restaurant .
Băile Tușnad ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈbə.ile ˈtuʃnad ) ; Hungarian : Tusnádfürdő , pronounced ( ˈtuʃnaːtfyrdøː ) ) is a town in Harghita County , Romania .
Friedman Memorial Airport ( IATA : SUN , ICAO : KSUN , FAA LID : SUN ) is a city - owned public - use airport in the northwest United States , located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Hailey , the county seat of Blaine County , Idaho .
Ataa was a settlement in the Disko Bay region of western Greenland .
The Tuen Mun Town Hall ( 屯門大會堂 ) is a cultural complex in Tuen Mun Town Centre that serves as the focal point of Tuen Mun District in Hong Kong .
Scriber Lake High School ( SLHS ) , located in the city of Edmonds , Washington , is one of five high schools within the Edmonds School District .
Chobham is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Surrey Heath in Surrey , England .
North Lincolnshire Museum ( formerly known as Scunthorpe Museum ) is a local museum in the town of Scunthorpe , north Lincolnshire , England .
Shigatse , officially known as Xigazê , is a prefecture - level city of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China , with an area of 182,000 km2 ( 70,271 sq mi ) .
Pangaru ( Persian : پنگرو‎ , also Romanized as Pangarū and Pangroo ) is a village in Sigar Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chevetogne Abbey , also known as the Monastery of the Holy Cross , is a Roman Catholic Benedictine monastery dedicated to Christian unity located in the Belgian village of Chevetogne in the municipality of Ciney , province of Namur , halfway between Brussels and Luxembourg .
Vedder Mountain is located in the Fraser Valley of British Columbia , Canada , between the village of Yarrow and the village of Cultus Lake .
The West Huntington Bridge ( officially named the Nick Joe Rahall II Bridge , also called the West End Bridge or the 17th Street West Bridge ) is a two - lane , 562-foot ( 171 m ) cantilever bridge on the west side of Huntington , West Virginia .
Santaldih or S.T. Power Project Town ( Santaldih Thermal Power Project Town ) is a census town in Purulia district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
KPWR ( 105.9 FM , Power 106 ) is a commercial radio station located in Los Angeles , California , broadcasting to the Greater Los Angeles area on an analog signal and in HD Radio .
Santa Fe Trail Remains , also known as Santa Fe Trail Ruts , is a two - mile ( 3 km ) section of the former 1,200-mile ( 1,900 km ) long Santa Fe Trail that is the `` longest continuous stretch of clearly defined Santa Fe Trail rut remains in Kansas . ''
Four Marks is a village and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire , England .
Sisnian ( Persian : سيسنيان‎ , also Romanized as Sīsnīān ; also known as Sesnīān ) is a village in Beyza Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mardie Station is a pastoral lease and sheep then cattle station that was established in 1866 in the Pilbara Region of Western Australia near the mouth of the Fortescue River .
The President Gerald R. Ford Jr. House is a historic house at 514 Crown View Drive in Alexandria , Virginia .
Mordeh Kheyr ( Persian : مرده خير‎ ; also known as Mordeh Khar , Mordeh Kher , Mūrdeh Kheyr , and Murdeh Khir ) is a village in Dehrud Rural District , Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Watchung Hills Regional High School is a regional comprehensive public high school and school district serving students in portions of Somerset and Morris Counties in New Jersey , United States .
North American Area code 307 is the area code that serves the entire U.S. state of Wyoming .
South Holston Lake is located near the cities of Abingdon , Virginia and Bristol , Virginia / Bristol , Tennessee , and is a 7,580-acre ( 31 km2 ) impoundment operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) .
Rosenlundshallen was Sweden 's first ice hockey arena and was located in Jönköping .
The Old Castlemaine Gaol was a prison located in Castlemaine , Victoria , Australia .
Fullerton Inn , also known as the Jacktown Inn , Jacksonville Hotel , and Fullerton - Sverdrup House , is a historic inn and tavern located in North Huntingdon Township , Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania .
Tak Mazhani ( Persian : تك ماژاني‎ , also Romanized as Tak Māzhānī and Tak Māhjānī ; also known as Tag - e Māhjānī ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vilhena is the easternmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Rondônia .
Sasinko ( saˈɕinkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hynds Lodge is a conference and accommodation lodge originally built by Cheyenne , Wyoming businessman Harry P. Hynds and donated to the Boy Scouts of America ( BSA ) in 1922 .
Chutcze ( ˈxutt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Lookout Mountain Park is a Denver Mountain Park located around 12 miles ( 20 km ) west of downtown Denver overlooking Golden , Colorado .
Bienville National Forest is a United States National Forest in central Mississippi .
Sant'Eustachio is a Roman Catholic titular church and minor basilica in Rome , named for the martyr Saint Eustace .
Tang Dalan ( Persian : تنگ دالان‎ , also Romanized as Tang Dālān and Tang - e Dālān ; also known as Pas Par Dālān ) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Calvary Radio Network is heard on 12 full powered stations in Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , and Wisconsin , as well as 17 low powered translators .
Canongate Tolbooth is a historic landmark of the Old Town section of Edinburgh built in 1591 as a tolbooth , that is , a courthouse , burgh jail and meeting place , for the then separate burgh of the Canongate .
The Academy of Art University , formerly Academy of Art College , is a privately owned for - profit art school in San Francisco , California , United States .
Sebonack Golf Club is a private golf course in Southampton , New York , located on the Great Peconic Bay on Long Island .
Castellbisbal ( Catalan pronunciation : ( kəsˌteʎβizˈβaɫ ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vallès Occidental in Catalonia .
Rzepecka ( ʐɛˈpɛt͡ska ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Forellen Peak ( 9,772 feet ( 2,979 m ) ) is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Westmeath Provincial Park is a provincial park on the Ottawa River in Renfrew County , Ontario , Canada .
Sonneborn Building , also known as Paca - Pratt Building , is a historic loft building in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Royal College Sports Complex is the rugby union grounds of Royal College Colombo , it was formally known as the Royal College Rugby Grounds .
Abalá Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` Place of the plum juice '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 301.45 km2 ) of land and located roughly 50 km south of the city of Mérida .
Osobnica ( ɔsɔbˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Bristen ( 3'073 m ) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps , overlooking the valley of the Reuss and located to the south of Amsteg in the canton of Uri , Switzerland .
Gumbehini ( or Gumbihini ) is a community in Tamale Metropolitan District in the Northern Region of Ghana .
The Knickerbocker Building is an eclectic , Dutch Colonial Revival industrial building located at 50 - 52 Webster Avenue in the city of New Rochelle , Westchester County , New York .
The Argus Museum , located on the second floor of 525 West William , Ann Arbor , Michigan , features products manufactured by the Argus camera company and tells the stories of the company , the people involved and showcases unique collections connected to Argus .
Château d'Yquem ( French : ( ʃɑto d ikɛm ) ) is a Premier Cru Supérieur ( Fr : `` Superior First Growth '' ) wine from the Sauternes , Gironde region in the southern part of the Bordeaux vineyards known as Graves .
Trzcińsk ( tʂt͡ɕiɲsk ) ( German : Labuhnken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dzierżanowo - Osada ( d͡ʑerʐaˈnɔvɔ ɔˈsada ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Arnhem Land is one of the five regions of the Northern Territory of Australia .
The Standard Building , ( originally the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers Cooperative National Bank Building and later the Standard Bank Building ) , is a high - rise office tower located at the southwest corner of Ontario Street and St. Clair Avenue in downtown Cleveland , Ohio .
B Bar Ranch Airport ( FAA LID : 84OR ) is a private airport located 3 miles southeast of Selma in Josephine County , Oregon , USA .
The Goldsmith Block is an historic apartment building at 41 Ruggles Street , 746 - 750 Shawmut Avenue in Boston , Massachusetts .
Kipahigan Lake is a small lake in western Manitoba , and eastern Saskatchewan , Canada , approximately 50 kilometres north of Flin Flon .
The Ottawa River Waterway is a series of portage bypass sites around rapids and dams along the Ottawa River , managed by the Governments of Ontario and Quebec , to allow recreational boating between Lake Timiskaming and Montreal .
Clinceni is a commune in the southwestern part of Ilfov County , Romania .
The Cira Centre is a 29-story , 437-foot ( 133 m ) office high - rise in the University City section of Philadelphia , across the street from Amtrak 's 30th Street Station .
Bivaran ( Persian : بيوران‎ , also Romanized as Bīvarān and Bīwarān ; also known as Bayooran ) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Shahrsazi - ye Dargar ( Persian : شهرسازي درگر‎ , also Romanized as Shahrsāzī - ye Dargar ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Brigham Field at Huskie Stadium in DeKalb , Illinois , is the home field of the NIU Huskies .
You County ( simplified Chinese : 攸县 ; traditional Chinese : 攸縣 ; pinyin : Yōuxiàn ) is under the administration of Zhuzhou , Hunan province , China .
The Seth Lore and Irwinton Historic District is a historic district in Eufaula , Barbour County , Alabama .
Baghan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان باغان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mahmeleh District , Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tuchorza ( tuˈxɔʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec , within Wolsztyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bardhaman district ( Pron : bɔrd̪ʰomaːn ) ( also spelled as Burdwan or Barddhaman ) is a district in West Bengal .
Ghamra ( also written Rhamra ) is a village in the commune of Guemar , in Guemar District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
The Abraham Hill Houseis an historic First Period house at 388 Pleasant Street in Belmont , Massachusetts , United States .
Tsing Lung Tau ( Chinese : 青龍頭 ; literally : `` Head of the green dragon '' ) is a built - up area in the southwest coast of the New Territories in Hong Kong .
Trzemiętowo ( tʂɛmjɛnˈtɔvɔ ) ( German : Haltenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Maraveneh - ye Do ( Persian : مراونه دو‎ , also Romanized as Marāveneh - ye Do ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route , is located in south eastern Australia .
Metuchen Borough Hall is the town hall for Metuchen , New Jersey located at 500 Main Street .
Foreman Field at S. B. Ballard Stadium is a 20,118-seat multi - purpose stadium on the campus of Old Dominion University in Norfolk , Virginia .
Fox 's Biscuits Stadium ( formerly Mount Pleasant ) is a rugby league stadium in Batley , West Yorkshire , England .
Newcraighall railway station is a railway station serving the Newcraighall area of Edinburgh in Scotland .
The Château de Coucy is a French castle in the commune of Coucy - le - Château - Auffrique , in Picardy , built in the 13th century and renovated by Eugène Viollet - le - Duc in the 19th century .
Odonów ( ɔˈdɔnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Benowo - Wrzosy ( bɛˈnɔvɔ ˈvʐɔsɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Phulaut is one of the village in Chousa block , Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar .
Aird Uig ( Scottish Gaelic : Àird Ùig ) is a village on the Isle of Lewis , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Palazzo Biscari is a private palace in Catania , Sicily , southern Italy .
Phnum Kok ( Khmer : ភ្នំកុក ) is a commune in Veun Sai District in northeast Cambodia .
Sarujeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : ساروجه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sārūjeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vang Vieng ( Lao : ວັງວຽງ ) is a tourist - oriented town in Laos in Vientiane Province about four hours bus ride north of the capital .
Levenshulme High School is a girls ' secondary school with academy status located in the Levenshulme area of Manchester , England .
Fort Wayne International Airport ( IATA : FWA , ICAO : KFWA , FAA LID : FWA ) is eight miles southwest of Fort Wayne , in Allen County , Indiana , United States .
Kadaplamattom is a small village near Palai , Kottayam District , Kerala , India .
The District Council of Elliston is a local government area covering around 6500 km2 on the Western Eyre Peninsula in South Australia .
Rogozino ( rɔɡɔˈʑinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ville Haute ( Luxembourgish : Uewerstad , German : Oberstadt ) is a quarter in central Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
The Kingsway is an affluent residential neighbourhood of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Nongpoh ( IPA : nɒŋˈpɒ(ə ) ) is the administrative centre of Ri - Bhoi district in the state of Meghalaya in India , located on NH40 , 52 kilometers from the State Capital , Shillong and 48 kilometers from Guwahati , Assam .
First Interstate Center is a signature commercial office building located in the Transwestern Plaza , a complex consisting of four office towers with a total of 20 floors in the Downtown Core of Billings , Montana .
Chur railway station serves the city of Chur , capital of the Canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
Achiltibuie ( /ˌæxɨltɨˈbuːi/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Achd Ille Bhuidhe or Field of the yellow - haired boy ) is a long linear village in Ross and Cromarty , Highland , on the Coigach coast of northwestern Scotland , overlooking Badentarbet Bay to the west .
Halfway Houses is a village on the Isle of Sheppey in the Swale borough of Kent in England .
Grinter Place is a house on the National Register of Historic Places above the Kansas River in the Muncie neighborhood of Kansas City , Kansas .
Nowa Bukowica ( ˈnɔva bukɔˈvit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Nujuk ( Persian : نوجوك‎ , also Romanized as Nūjūk and Now Jūk ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Charles Creek Vineyard is a winery in Sonoma , California that specializes in Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon wine and dessert wine .
Barzaneh ( Persian : برزنه‎ , also Romanized as Borzaneh ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Village at Manalapan is a multi - use lifestyle center that is proposed in Manalapan , New Jersey , United States .
Haifeng County ( postal : Hoifung ; simplified Chinese : 海丰县 ; traditional Chinese : 海豐縣 ; pinyin : Hǎifēng Xiàn ) is a county of Shanwei prefecture , southeastern Guangdong Province , Southern china .
Brzuchowo ( bʐuˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Scott Creek Middle School , or simply Scott Creek , is a public middle school in Coquitlam , British Columbia serving grades six to eight .
Castlemorris ( also Castle Morris or Castle Maurice ) is a small village in the heart of Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Kensington Town Hall is a former municipal hall in Kensington , Victoria , Australia .
Nimeh Kareh ( Persian : نيمه كاره‎ , also Romanized as Nīmeh Kāreh ; also known as Neşfeh Kār and Nīmeh Kār ) is a village in Zamkan Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ashland Avenue Baptist Church is a registered historic building in Toledo , Ohio .
Popkowice Księże ( pɔpkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Project Shoal was an underground nuclear test that took place on October 26 , 1963 within the Sand Springs Range , approximately 30 miles ( 48 km ) southeast of Fallon , Nevada .
Mesrlu ( Persian : مصرلو‎ , also Romanized as Meşrlū and Meşerlū ; also known as Masleh and Messeleh ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Grainville - sur - Odon ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡʁɛ̃vil syʁ odɔ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region in northwestern France .
Łubcze ( ˈwupt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The source of the Moselle is at 715 metres above sea level on the Col de Bussang on the western slopes of the Ballon d'Alsace in the Vosges .
Sathivayal is a tiny hamlet in Kulathur Taluk in Pudukkottai District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Shibipatti is a village gram panchayat of Rajnagar block , Madhubani - Subdivision , Madhubani district ( Mithila state proposed ) in the state of Bihar , India .
Blackledge - Kearney House , also known as Cornwallis ' Headquarters , is located within the Palisades Interstate Park in Alpine , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Qoppoz ( Persian : قپز‎ , also Romanized as Qobboz and Qoppūz ; also known as Qopor ) is a village in Qushkhaneh - ye Bala Rural District , Qushkhaneh District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Samahil Municipality ( Yucatec Maya : `` place of the legume '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 185.22 km2 ) of land and is located roughly 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) southwest of the city of Mérida .
The Avery Russell House , also called the Martin - Russell House , is a historic home located at 11409 Kingston Pike in Farragut , Tennessee , United States .
Chief Peguis Junior High is a junior high school that is part of River East Transcona School Division in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Bidaran - e Kohneh ( Persian : بيدران كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Bīdarān - e Kohneh ; also known as Bīdarān and Bīderān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sindagi is a town in Bijapur district in the Indian state of Karnataka , about 60 km to the east of Bijapur .
Talley ( Welsh : Talyllychau ) is a community and small village in Carmarthenshire , Wales . The population taken at the 2011 census was 494 .
Baumé Restaurant is a French restaurant in Palo Alto , California specialising in French gastronomy .
Old Saratoga Reformed Church is a historic building at the junction of Burgoyne and Pearl Streets in Schuylerville , Saratoga County , New York .
Kampong Tralach District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកំពង់ត្រឡាច ) is a district ( srok ) in the south east of Kampong Chhnang Province , in central Cambodia .
Skarbanowo ( skarbaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Żółtki - Kolonia ( ˈʐuu̯tki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Burn of Pheppie is an easterly flowing coastal stream in Aberdeenshire , Scotland that discharges to the North Sea immediately north of the village of Muchalls .
The Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts in Portland , formerly the Western Culinary Institute ( WCI ) , is a culinary school located in downtown Portland , Oregon , United States .
Bislig , officially called the City of Bislig and often referred to as Bislig City , is a third income class city in the province of Surigao del Sur , Mindanao , Philippines .
Böddenstedt is a village in the municipality of Suderburg in the collective municipality of Suderburg and lies in southwest of the district of Uelzen in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Stara Piła ( ˈstara ˈpiwa ) ( German : Altemühle ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bala Tamushal ( Persian : بالاتموشل‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Tamūshal ; also known as Bālāmaḩalleh - ye Tamūshal ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Chelsea - Elliot Houses is a combined housing project of the New York City Housing Authority located between West 25th and 27th Streets and Ninth and Tenth Avenues in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
15 William New York , formerly known as the William Beaver House , is a 47-floor residential skyscraper , which is located at 15 William Street on the corner of Beaver Street in the Financial District of Manhattan , New York City .
Canadian Forces Base Uplands ( also CFB Uplands ) was a Canadian Forces Base located in Ottawa , Ontario .
Dunblane Cathedral is the larger of the two Church of Scotland parish churches serving Dunblane , near the city of Stirling , in central Scotland .
Ranowo ( raˈnɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Charsk ( Kazakh : Шар , Shar , Russian : Чарск ) is a town in Zharma District in East Kazakhstan Region of eastern Kazakhstan .
Rufus Wilson Complex is a group of historic buildings located at Clear Spring , Washington County , Maryland , United States .
Mount Oval is a historic farmhouse in the south central part of the U.S. state of Ohio , south of the city of Circleville .
Algonquin Highlands is a township located in Haliburton County , Ontario , Canada .
Ormond Mound is a Pre - Columbian burial mound of the St. Johns culture , in Ormond Beach , Volusia County , Florida , US .
Janczowice ( jant͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki , within Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ghukasavan ( Armenian : Ղուկասավան , also Romanized as Gukasavan ; until 1949 , Kalara or Kalali ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
The Houston Harte University Center serves the recreational and community needs of students at Angelo State University in San Angelo , Texas , U.S. The center was named for Houston Harte , founder of the Harte - Hanks media company and a contributor to the university .
Cheshmeh - ye Shah ( Persian : چشمه شاه‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Shāh ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sątok ( ˈsɔntɔk ) ( German : Zantoch , not to be confused with Santok ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chandannagar ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( earlier spelt as Chandernagore ) is an assembly constituency in Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Basarab railway station ( Romanian : Gara Basarab ) in Bucharest is situated near the city 's main station , Gara de Nord .
The Jeanne Manor Apartment Building is a seven - story apartment hi - rise located in downtown Portland , Oregon , in the United States , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Weil am Rhein is located at 47 ° 35′42``N 7 ° 36′39.6''E in the district of Lörrach in the Federal State of Baden - Württemberg .
The Lakes Muncoonie , Mumbleberry and Torquinie Important Bird Area is a 2013 km2 tract of land in the Channel Country of western Queensland , Australia .
Karen Hospital is a private hospital located in Karen suburb , Nairobi , Kenya .
Quinsigamond State Park is a Massachusetts state park comprising two day - use areas along the western shore of Lake Quinsigamond in the city of Worcester .
Kaw Lake is a reservoir completed in 1976 in the northern reaches of the U.S. state of Oklahoma , near Kaw City .
The Crocketts Bluff Hunting Lodge is a historic hunting lodge in Crocketts Bluff , Arkansas .
Lingmukha Gewog ( Dzongkha : གླིང་མུ་ཁ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Punakha District , Bhutan .
Darreh - ye Pain ( Persian : دره پائين‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Darreh - ye Sofla , Darreh - ye Zū , and Darreh - i - Sofla ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Deep Creek Valley is a 35-mi ( 56 km ) long valley located in southwest Tooele County at the Utah - Nevada border ; the extreme south of the valley is in northwest Juab County .
Langille Glacier is an alpine glacier on the north slope of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Viljoenskroon municipality and neighboring informal settlement ( Rammulotsi ) was incorporated into the greater Moqhaka Local Municipality in 1996 and forms part of the Fezile Dabi District municipality .
Pachna ( Pakhna , Πάχνα ) is a village in the Limassol District of the Republic of Cyprus .
The Port of Detroit is located along the west side of the Detroit River , and is the largest seaport in the state of Michigan .
Walimek ( vaˈlimɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ensemble Theatre Cincinnati is a professional equity theatre located at 1127 Vine Street in Cincinnati , Ohio that was founded in 1986 .
Chursy ( ˈxursɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Michalice ( mixaˈlit͡sɛ ) ( German Michelsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Thevaram is a Town Panchayat in Theni district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Karan is a small town and urban commune in the Koulikoro Region of southwestern Mali .
Santa Maria dei Derelitti , commonly known as the church of the Ospedaletto , is a Renaissance - style , deconsecrated church in the Calle della Barbaria delle Tole of the sestiere of Castello , Venice , Italy .
The Philadelphia National Cemetery is a cemetery in Pennsylvania north of Germantown .
St Joseph 's College , Gregory Terrace ( commonly known as Terrace or GT ) is a Greater Public Schools private , Catholic , day school for boys only , located in Spring Hill , an inner suburb of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Phillip Island is an Australian island about 140 km ( 87 mi ) south - southeast of Melbourne , Victoria .
Labrador City is a town in western Labrador ( part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador ) , near the Quebec border with a population of 9,354 as of 2013 .
Eichwalde is a municipality of the Dahme - Spreewald district in Brandenburg , Germany , situated at the southeastern Berlin city limits .
Grumblethorpe , in Germantown , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , was the home of the Wister family .
Do Hezar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دوهزار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Trafalgar Castle School in Whitby , Ontario is an internationally - known , independent day and boarding school for girls and young women in grades 5 through 12 .
John W. Paisley Magnet School is a Middle school / High school located in Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
Northwood Club is a private country club in Dallas , Texas .
Big Otter Creek ( alternately Otter River , Big Creek ) is a waterway that empties into Lake Erie at Port Burwell , Ontario .
The Aqsunqur Mosque ( also known as the Blue Mosque or the Mosque of Ibrahim Agha ) is located in Cairo , Egypt and is one of several `` blue mosques '' in the world .
Faulkner State Community College is a two - year public college located in Baldwin County , Alabama established in 1965 .
Kav Almun ( Persian : كاوالمون‎ , also Romanized as Kāv Almūn ; also known as Almūn ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Good Samaritan Hospital Heliport ( FAA LID : OR55 ) is a private heliport located one mile north of Corvallis in Benton County , Oregon , United States .
The Wawona Covered Bridge is a covered bridge spanning the South Fork of the Merced River near Wawona , California in Yosemite National Park .
Radojevići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радојевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lake Calhoun ( also called Bde Maka Ska ) is the largest lake in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and part of the city 's Chain of Lakes .
Duleh - ye Garm ( Persian : دوله گرم‎ , also Romanized as Dūleh - ye Garm ; also known as Dowla Garm , Dowlā Garm , and Dūleh - ye Karam ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The village is under the jurisdiction of the Ga East Municipal District and is in the Dome - Kwabenya constituency of the Ghana parliament .
Summit Medical Group is a physician - owned , for - profit , multispecialty medical practice headquartered in Berkeley Heights , New Jersey .
Carshalton ( /kɑːˈʃɔːltən/ ) is a suburb of London in the London Borough of Sutton , England .
Bukkuyum ( or Bukwium ) ) is a Local Government Area in Zamfara State , Nigeria .
Bi Zanuiyeh ( Persian : بيزنوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Bī Zanū’īyeh ; also known as Bīsū’īyeh ) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sir Ernest MacMillan Senior Public School is a triple - track seventh and eighth - grade school located on 149 Huntsmill Blvd in the Scarborough area of Toronto , Ontario .
The Chautauqua Cinema is an independent movie theater located in historic Higgins Memorial Hall on the grounds of Chautauqua Institution in Chautauqua , New York in the United States .
Kated is a village , in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district , Maharashtra State , India .
Cochrane Dam is a run - of - the river hydroelectric dam on the Missouri River , about 8 miles ( 13 km ) northeast of Great Falls in the U.S. state of Montana .
Chahar Bast Bagh ( Persian : چهاربست باغ‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Bast Bāgh ; also known as Chahār Bast ) is a village in Balaband Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Iljaq ( Persian : ايلجاق‎ , also Romanized as Īljāq ) is a village in Chaypareh - ye Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Major Reuben Colburn House was the home of Reuben Colburn , a patriot and shipbuilder of Pittston , Maine , from 1765 to 1818 .
Mątyki ( mɔnˈtɨki ) ( German : Montig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The State Library of Württemberg ( German : Württembergische Landesbibliothek or WLB ) is a large library in Stuttgart , Germany , which traces its history back to the ducal public library of Württemberg founded in 1765 .
Ewelme is a village and civil parish in the Chiltern Hills in South Oxfordshire , 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the market town of Wallingford .
Pennance is a hamlet near Lanner in west Cornwall , England .
Qaleh Ganj Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قلعه گنج‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Fountain Avenue is a north - south running street in Brooklyn , New York .
Deh - e Esmail ( Persian : ده اسماعيل‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Esmā``īl ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 187 , in 39 families .
The Terra Museum of American Art was an art museum founded by Chicago businessman Daniel J. Terra in Evanston , Illinois in 1980 .
Deh Nay ( Persian : ده ناي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Nāy ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
New Brookland Tavern is a bar and music venue located in West Columbia , South Carolina .
The Timpanogos Cave Historic District consists of support and administration buildings built in the 1920s and 1930s in Timpanogos Cave National Monument , Utah , USA .
Edgbaston Reserve , formerly Edgbaston Station , is a 8,100-hectare ( 20,000-acre ) nature reserve in central Queensland , Australia , 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) north - east of Longreach .
Kępa Tolnicka ( ˈkɛmpa tɔlˈnit͡ska ) ( German Atkamp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Seodaemun District ( Seodaemun - gu ) is a gu located in northwestern Seoul , South Korea .
The Infinity or 300 Spear Street is a mixed - use residential condominium development in San Francisco , California consisting of 2 high - rise towers and 2 low - rise buildings .
Padapparamba ( പടപ്പറമ്പ് ) is a village in the Malappuram district in the Indian state of Kerala .
After crossing the Northumberland Strait on the 13 km ( 8.1 mi ) Confederation Bridge to Borden - Carleton , the Trans - Canada Highway follows a 110 km ( 68 mi ) route across southern Prince Edward Island , designated as Route 1 .
North Hastings High School ( NHHS ) is a high school located in Bancroft , Ontario , Canada serving students in the northern portion of Hastings County and part of the Hastings and Prince Edward District School Board .
David Jay Perry Airport is a town - owned public - use airport in Goldsby , a town in McClain County , Oklahoma , United States .
Buckley Homestead Living History Farm is a county park and historical museum located at 3606 Belshaw Road , Lowell , Indiana .
The Currin Bridge is a Howe truss covered bridge near Cottage Grove , Oregon , United States .
Thichur is a village in Thrissur district some 30 km ( 19 mi ) north of Thrissur town .
Whiteclosegate is a hamlet in the City of Carlisle District of the county of Cumbria , England .
Viking Airport , ( TC LID : CEE8 ) , is an airport which is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) northwest of Viking , Alberta , Canada .
The Raleigh School is an independent , non - sectarian , coeducational day school located in Raleigh , North Carolina , USA , serving students from 18 months through fifth grade .
Veevers crater is an impact crater located on a flat desert plain between the Great Sandy and Gibson Deserts in the center of the state of Western Australia , Australia .
Wilkinsburg High School ( formerly Wilkinsburg Jr. Sr . High School ) is a public school in the Wilkinsburg borough of Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Nirvan ( Persian : نيروان‎‎ , also Romanized as Nīrvān and Nīravān ) is a village in Posht - e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Khosrow Beyg ( Persian : خسروبيگ‎ ; also known as Khosrowbag , Khosrow Bak , and Khusrowi ) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District , Milajerd District , Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Plaza de Colón ( Columbus Square , in English ) is located in the encounter of Chamberí , Centro and Salamanca districts of Madrid , Spain .
Sêrkog is a town in the Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture of Sichuan , China .
Beeton is a small community located in southern Simcoe County , Ontario , Canada between Tottenham and Alliston ; all three were amalgamated in 1991 into the single Town of New Tecumseth .
The Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum is a Canadian aviation museum located at the John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport in Hamilton , Ontario .
Natural Falls State Park is a state park in the Ozarks , in Delaware County , Oklahoma .
Musa Mahalleh ( Persian : موسي محله‎ , also Romanized as Mūsá Maḩalleh ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mount Root , also named Boundary Peak 165 , is a mountain in Alaska and British Columbia , located on the Canada - United States border , and part of the Fairweather Range of the Saint Elias Mountains .
WUFO , Western New York 's first radio station programming to the African - American community , began in 1961 when famed station owner Gordon McLendon moved WYSL from 1080 to 1400kc .
Red Mountain Resort is a ski resort in western Canada , located on Granite , Grey , and Red Mountains in Rossland , a former gold mining town in the West Kootenay region of southeastern British Columbia .
Yuleba ( /ˈjuːləbə/ EW - lə - bə ) is a town in the Maranoa district of South West Queensland , Australia , located 420 kilometres ( 260 mi ) west of the state capital , Brisbane along the Warrego Highway .
Zerrover ( Persian : زرور‎ , also Romanized as Zorūr ; also known as Zarūd ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
WPWQ 106.7 FM is a radio station licensed to Mount Sterling , Illinois , covering Western Illinois , including Quincy , Pittsfield , and Hannibal , Missouri .
Jalizi - ye Hanzaleh ( Persian : جليزي حنظله‎ , also Romanized as Jalīzī - ye Ḩanẓaleh ) is a village in Allah - o Akbar Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kent Hills Wind Farm is a large wind farm project in Elgin , New Brunswick .
Hongerige Wolf ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦɔŋərɪxə ʋɔlf ) ; Hungry Wolf ) is a hamlet with a population of 30 in the municipality of Oldambt in the Netherlands .
East Malvern railway station is located on the Glen Waverley line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Malvern East .
Kenwood Evangelical Church ( also known as Kenwood United Church of Christ ) is a historic church building at 4600 - 4608 South Greenwood Avenue in Chicago , Illinois .
Morów ( ˈmɔruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Khejroli is a village and a village panchayat in Jaipur district , Rajasthan located 20 km away from its tehsil Chomu .
Gerung is a town on the island Lombok and is also the capital of the West Lombok Regency in the Indonesian province West Nusa Tenggara .
Curiñanco is a coastal village in Valdivia commune in southern Chile .
Libatse is a settlement in Halinga Parish , Pärnu County in western Estonia .
Minsmere River is a river in the English county of Suffolk which flows into the North Sea at Minsmere .
Radiówek ( raˈdjuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna , within Otwock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Fay Hyland Botanical Plantation ( also known as the Fay Hyland Arboretum ) , 10 acres ( 40,000 m² ) , is an arboretum and botanical garden located along the Stillwater River on the University of Maine campus in Orono , Maine , USA .
Palma School is a grade 7 - 12 Catholic boys school located in Salinas , California .
Newport Harbor High School is a public high school in Newport Beach , in Orange County , California , in the United States .
Monk Soham is a village in Suffolk , eastern England , four miles north east of Debenham and six miles north west of Framlingham .
San Leandro Creek , formerly Arroyo de San Leandro is a 21.7-mile - long ( 34.9 km ) year - round natural stream in the Berkeley Hills , in Alameda County and Contra Costa County of the East Bay in northern California .
Qaleh - ye Afshar ( Persian : قلعه افشار‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Āfshār ) is a village in Salehan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 123 , in 32 families .
The Elliott Hall of Music is a theater located on the campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana .
Valkonya ( Croatian : Vlakinja ) is a village in Zala County , Hungary .
Kemeys Commander ( Welsh : Cemais Comawndwr ) is a village in Monmouthshire , in south east Wales .
Mowtowr - e Sohrabi Hur ( Persian : موتورسهرابي حور‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Sohrābī Ḩūr ; also known as Sohrābī - ye Parīg ) is a village in Hur Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Nidderdale AONB is an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in North Yorkshire , England , bordering the Yorkshire Dales National Park to the east and south .
Grande - Sauve Abbey or Sauve - Majeure Abbey is a former Benedictine monastery near the present village of La Sauve in the department of the Gironde , in a region once heavily forested .
The Edith J. Carrier Arboretum is an arboretum and botanical garden on the James Madison University campus , located in Harrisonburg , Virginia , USA in the Shenandoah Valley .
Southeastern Bible College is a four - year Christian college located in Birmingham , Alabama .
Mofidabad ( Persian : مفيداباد‎ , also Romanized as Mofīdābād ) is a village in Sadan Rostaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kordkuy County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Tell Ed Deir is an archaeological site 7 km north of Joub Jannine and a large landmark in the Beqaa Mohafazat ( Governorate ) .
Bovey Tracey ( /ˌbʌvi ˈtreɪsi/ ) is a small town in Devon , England , on the edge of Dartmoor , its proximity to which gives rise to the `` slogan '' used on the town 's boundary signs , `` The Gateway to the Moor '' .
Badalabad ( Persian : بدل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Badalābād ) is a village in Dizaj Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Norman Public Schools ( formally known as Independent School District Number 29 of Cleveland County , Oklahoma ) is a public school district serving parts of Norman , Oklahoma , USA .
Belavadi is a village , located at a distance of 29 km from Chikmagalur town and about 12 km from Halebidu , Karnataka , India ..
The Pincus Building , also known as the Zadek Building , is a historic Queen Anne - style commercial building in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum is a 14,870-seat multi - purpose indoor arena in Phoenix , Arizona , located on the grounds of the Arizona State Fair .
The Forman School is a co - educational boarding and day school in Litchfield , Connecticut , USA offering a college preparatory program in grades 9 to 12 and a postgraduate program ( PG ) exclusively for students with learning differences such as ADD / ADHD and dyslexia .
Nome - Beltz Junior / Senior High School is a middle and high - school in Nome , Alaska .
The Terek Oblast was an oblast ( province ) of the Russian Empire .
Asadabad - e Buqin ( Persian : اسدابادبوقين‎ , also Romanized as Asadābād - e Būqīn ; also known as Asadābād and Būqīn - e Asadābād ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Malard Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ملارد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Tupelo National Battlefield , in Tupelo , Mississippi , commemorates the July 14 - -15 , 1864 , Battle of Tupelo in which Lieutenant General Nathan Bedford Forrest tried to cut the railroad supplying the Union 's march on Atlanta .
KDLF ( 1260 AM ) is a radio station serving the Central Iowa area .
The Islamic Saudi Academy of Washington ( Arabic : الاكاديمية الاسلامية السعودية‎ ) is an International Baccalaureate ( IB ) World university preparatory school in Virginia , accredited with the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and authorized by IB in December 2008 .
Kenareh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كناره‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bahman Gazali ( Persian : بهمن گزلي‎ , also Romanized as Bahman Gazalī ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Oberbergischer Kreis is a Kreis ( district ) in the state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
WAEC ( 860 AM ) is a radio station in Atlanta , Georgia , broadcasting a Christian talk format .
Padre Island is the largest of the Texas barrier islands and is the world 's longest barrier island .
Achachork ( Scottish Gaelic : Achadh a ' Choirce ) is a small village in the Scottish council area of the Highland .
The 1927 Crimean earthquakes occurred in the month of June and again in September in the waters of the Black Sea near the Crimean Peninsula .
Gajvan ( Persian : گجوان‎ , also Romanized as Gajvān and Kajvān ) is a village in Darzab Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kushnaq ( Persian : كوشنق‎ , also Romanized as Kūshnaq ) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Administratively , Chorzów is in the Silesian Voivodeship since 1999 , previously Katowice Voivodeship , and before then , the Silesian Voivodeship .
Zebulon B. Vance High School , or more commonly Vance High School , is a high school located in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Zarrinabad - e Sofla ( Persian : زرين ابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīnābād - e Soflá ; also known as Pā’īn Zarrīnābād and Zarrīnābād - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Nashua High School South , formerly Nashua High School , is a public high school located in Nashua , New Hampshire .
Grabowno ( ( ɡraˈbɔvnɔ ) , German : Graben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
John Ehret High School is a four - year public high school serving grades 9 - 12 located in unincorporated Jefferson Parish , Louisiana , United States , near Marrero .
Shingay is a hamlet in the civil parish of Shingay cum Wendy in South Cambridgeshire , England around 5 miles north west of Royston .
Graianrhyd , also spelt Graeanrhyd , is a small , scattered village in the community of Llanarmon - yn - Iâl , Denbighshire , Wales , lying in hilly limestone country around 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) to the east of Lanarmon - yn - Iâl village , and just to the south of Eryrys .
Travelers Tower is a 24-story , 160.63 m ( 527.0 ft ) skyscraper in downtown Hartford , Connecticut .
Gmina Wilczęta ( german : Deutschendorf ) is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Developing Virtue Secondary School ( DVS , Chinese : 培德中學 ; pinyin : Peide Zhongxue ) is a private Buddhist school located in the town of Talmage , California , and also the first Buddhist high school founded in the United States .
Kul - e Jaz ( Persian : كول جاز‎ , also Romanized as Kūl - e Jāz ; also known as Kūleh Jāz ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Sandwich Range is located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States , north of the Lakes Region and south of the Kancamagus Highway .
Gurchin ( Persian : گورچين‎ , also Romanized as Gūrchīn ; also known as Gogarchīn and Gowgar Chīn ) is a village in Mehranrud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rengo is a city and commune located in the Zona Central of Chile , situated in the Cachapoal Province of the O'Higgins Region at a distance of 28 km ( 17 mi ) south of the city of Rancagua and 114 km ( 71 mi ) south of the national capital Santiago .
Afriz Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آفريز‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wola Niedźwiedzia ( ˈvɔla ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjɛd͡ʑa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Wé is a small town in the commune of Lifou , in the Loyalty Islands Province , New Caledonia .
Chachaura - Binaganj is a town on the border along Rajasthan and a nagar panchayat in Guna district in the state of Madhya Pradesh , India .
Dokkum is a Dutch fortified town in the municipality of Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland .
Torqabeh and Shandiz County ( Persian : شهرستان طرقبه شاندیز‎ ; formerly Binalud County ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
The Big Jacks Creek Wilderness is located on the high basalt plateaus of Owyhee County in southwestern Idaho in the western United States .
Lexington Army Depot is a former United States Army facility located in Avon , Kentucky .
The Atlanta Campaign was a series of battles fought in the Western Theater of the American Civil War throughout northwest Georgia and the area around Atlanta during the summer of 1864 .
The 1979 Easter flood was among the most costly and devastating ever to occur in Mississippi , with $ 500 - 700 million in damages .
Sangi Darreh ( Persian : سنگي دره‎ , also Romanized as Sangī Darreh ) is a village in Darmian Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Stuart Richardson House in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey , United States , was built for an actuary and his wife , who owned the house until 1970 .
Lathones is a village in Fife , Scotland , located approximately 6 miles ( 10 km ) south west of St Andrews .
Kavaki ( Persian : كواكي‎ , also Romanized as Kavākī ) is a village in Faruj Rural District , in the Central District of Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Freedom Press is an anarchist publishing house in Whitechapel , London , United Kingdom .
Mae Khue ( Thai : แม่คือ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Doi Saket District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Karszówka ( karˈʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gózd , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cheshmeh Jamileh ( Persian : چشمه جوميله‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Jāmīleh and Cheshmeh Jamīleh ) is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gormowla ( Persian : گرمولا‎ , also Romanized as Gormowlā ; also known as Kormowlā ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Abram Huston House and Carriage House , also known as the Coatesville City Hall and Police Station and `` Greystone , '' is a historic building located at Coatesville , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Moundville Archaeological Site , also known as the Moundville Archaeological Park , is a Mississippian culture site on the Black Warrior River in Hale County , near the city of Tuscaloosa , Alabama .
Saman Ban ( Persian : سمن بان‎ , also Romanized as Saman Bān and Samanbān ; also known as Saman Band and Saman Baneh ) is a village in Kivanat Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Katinkan - e Bala ( Persian : كتينكان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Katīnkān - e Bālā ; also known as Kātīhīkān , Katihkān , Katīkān , Katīkan - e Bālā , and Katīnkān ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bontddu , Dolgellau , Gwynedd , Wales is a small settlement east of Barmouth .
Polichty ( pɔˈlixtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gromnik , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The East Cambridge Historic District encompasses the historic center of East Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Delaware Route 72 ( DE 72 ) is a state highway located in New Castle County , Delaware .
Qareh Ughlan ( Persian : قره اوغلان‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Ūghlān ; also known as Qarah A``lān ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 181 , in 34 families .
The Leichhardt Falls is a plunge waterfall on the Leichhardt River in the Gulf Country region of North West Queensland , Australia .
Dark Gulch is a valley in San Mateo County , California associated with a small stream that is a tributary of Pescadero Creek .
Orman Garden is located west of the River Nile and east of Cairo University in the Giza Governorate .
Alaca Imaret Mosque or Ishak Pasha Mosque is a 15th - century Ottoman Mosque in Thessaloniki , Greece .
Beech Fork State Park is a state park located in Cabell County and Wayne County , West Virginia .
The Gruta Brisa Azul ( Blue Breeze Cave ) , sometimes Gruta Bela Azul ( Beautiful Blue Cave ) , is a geological feature situated in the civil parish of Feteira , in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo , in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Czyżkówko ( t͡ʂɨʂˈkufkɔ ) ( German : Conradsfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kaseh Gar Mahalleh ( Persian : كاسه گرمحله‎ , also Romanized as Kāseh Gar Maḩalleh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gingoog ( Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Hingoog ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Hingoog ) is a second class city in Misamis Oriental .
The 30 megawatt Cullerin Range Wind Farm is located in New South Wales , Australia .
The Spotsylvania Towne Centre ( formerly Spotsylvania Mall ) is a mall located in Spotsylvania , Virginia , on Virginia State Route 3 , less than a mile west of Interstate 95 , and directly across from the Central Park shopping and dining complex .
Kolonia Pogorzel ( kɔˈlɔɲa pɔˈɡɔʐɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieck , within Otwock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kearneys Falls is a cascade waterfall on a tributary of the Mulgrave River , in the Wooroonooran National Park , in the Goldsborough Valley of Far North region of Queensland , Australia .
Sławniowice ( swavɲɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Groß Kunzendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Elm Street Apartments is a building complex located in southwest Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Molkenmarkt ( simply : whey market ) is the oldest square in Berlin .
The Montgomery Academy is a non - sectarian independent day school located in Montgomery , Alabama .
Chipola College is a state college located in Marianna , Florida .
Golboqra ( Persian : گل بقرا‎ , also Romanized as Golboqrā and Gol Boghrā ) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Byker is an inner city electoral ward in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne in Tyne and Wear , England .
Nagadesh is a village in Madhyapur Thimi Municipality in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
WIXQ ( 91.7 FM , `` The Ville '' ) is a non - commercial college FM radio station owned by Millersville University in Millersville , Pennsylvania .
Glencoe Museum is located in a Victorian house in west downtown Radford , Virginia .
Mount Weld is a mountain and a mine site in Western Australia , located about 30 km south of Laverton and 120 km east of Leonora .
Krusze - Łubnice ( ˈkruʂɛ wubˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mission Hills of Hayward Golf Course is a 9-hole golf course in Hayward , California .
Carleton North High School is a high school located in Florenceville - Bristol , New Brunswick .
Starý Světlov is a ruined gothic castle near the village of Podhradí in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic .
Burrowbridge is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated on the River Parrett and A361 road in the Borough of Taunton Deane , and on the edge of the Somerset Levels .
W264AK is an FM translator licensed for Toledo , Ohio .
The DuPage County Historical Museum , formerly the Adams Memorial Library , is a building designed by Charles Sumner Frost in Wheaton , Illinois , United States .
The Fannin Battleground State Historic Site commemorates the Battle of Coleto Creek , a battle of the Texas Revolution , fought on March 19 and 20 , 1836 between Texian forces commanded by Col . James W. Fannin and the Mexican Army commanded by Mexican General Jose de Urrea .
Arnold Engineering Development Complex ( AEDC ) , Arnold Engineering Development Center before July 2012 , located at Arnold Air Force Base , Tennessee is a ground - based flight test facility operated by the Air Force Test Center .
Myrtle Grove Plantation also known as Old Bass Place is a plantation in Waterproof , Louisiana .
Kal Kut ( Persian : كالكوت‎ , also Romanized as Kāl Kūt ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Elvis - A - Rama Museum in Paradise , Nevada was a large private collection of Elvis memorabilia owned by Chris Davidson which featured an 85-foot - long ( 26 m ) mural about Elvis ' life and career .
Burnham Without is a civil parish to the east of Burnham - on - Sea and north of Highbridge in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset , England .
Monache High School is one of the three high schools located in Porterville , California , United States and is part of the Porterville Unified School District ( PUSD ) .
Novodvinsk ( Russian : Новодви́нск ) is a town in the north of Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Northern Dvina River , 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) south of Arkhangelsk .
Sheboygan Municipal Auditorium and Armory ( commonly known as The Armory ) is 52,000 sq . ft indoor arena located on the lakefront in Sheboygan , Wisconsin .
The Emergency Fire Service ( EFS ) is the fire and emergency service that was operating in country areas of South Australia in the 20th century .
The Blackinton Historic District is a historic district in the western part of North Adams , Massachusetts , roughly along Massachusetts Avenue between Ashton and Doanes Avenues and Church Hill and the Boston & Maine Railroad .
Gandikota is a small village on the right bank of the river Pennar , 15 km from Jammalamadugu in Kadapa district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Cheshmeh Rashnow ( Persian : چشمه رشنو‎ ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Marakkanam is a coastal panchayat town & Taluk in Viluppuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Khalilollah ( Persian : خليل اله‎ , also Romanized as Khalīlollāh ) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Britannia Centre Spandau centralized the main shopping , welfare , employment and broadcasting facilities for the British military community in Berlin .
Mannapura ( Kannada : ಮನ್ನಾಪುರ ) is a village in the Koppal district in Karnataka state , India .
The Mystery Spot is a visual illusion -- based tourist attraction near Santa Cruz , California .
The Sonoma County Fairgrounds is a fairground and exhibition center located in Santa Rosa , California .
The Norwegian continental shelf is the continental shelf over which Norway exercises sovereign rights as defined by the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea .
Whittlesford is a village in Cambridgeshire , England , and also the name of an old hundred .
Mina Clavero is a municipality in the Province of Córdoba , Argentina belonging to the San Alberto Department .
Jagmanpur , Kanar is situated 9 km from Rampura in Uttar Pradesh .
Asaluyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان عسلويه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Gedney Hill is a village and civil parish South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England .
Grgarske Ravne ( pronounced ( ɡəɾˈɡaːɾskɛ ɾaːu̯nɛ ) ; Italian : Raune ) is a settlement north of Grgar in the City Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia .
The Samara Arboretum ( French Arboretum de Samara ) is an arboretum and botanical garden located in the Samara historical park in La Chaussée - Tirancourt , Somme , Picardy , France .
Beyzeh Tak ( Persian : بيضي تك‎ , also Romanized as Beyẕeh Tak ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wieżyce ( vjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczucin , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Edenham High School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form , located in the Shirley area of the London Borough of Croydon , England .
The Wyckoff School District is a community public school district , serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Wyckoff in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
The Adventure Aquarium , formerly the New Jersey State Aquarium , is a for - profit educational entertainment attraction operated in Camden , New Jersey on the Delaware River Camden Waterfront by the Herschend Family Entertainment Corporation .
Old Mulkey Meetinghouse ( Old Mulkey Meetinghouse State Shrine;Mill Creek Baptist Church ) is a historic church in Tompkinsville , Kentucky .
Greifswald University Hospital is owned and operated by a non - profit Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts in cooperation with the university and serves as one of the primary hospitals in the state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Türkenfeld ( German literally : `` Turkfield '' ) is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany .
Villnöß ( Italian : Funes ; Ladin : Funès ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of the city of Bolzano .
Jaladeran ( Persian : جلادران‎ , also Romanized as Jalāderān and Jalādarān ; also known as Jalālābād ) is a village in Qahab - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Richardson - Brinkman Cobblestone House , located at 607 W. Milwaukee Rd . in Clinton , Wisconsin , United States , is a cobblestone house in Greek Revival style that was built in 1843 .
Pulaparthi a village located in Yelamanchili Mandal , Visakhapatnam district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Kiltegan ( Irish : Cill Teagáin , meaning `` Church of St. Teagáin '' ) is a village in west County Wicklow , Ireland , on the R747 regional road close to the border with County Carlow .
Isella Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington , on the south slopes of Bonanza Peak , the tallest non - volcanic peak in the Cascade Range .
Kharf Kureh ( Persian : خرف كوره‎ , also Romanized as Kharf Kūreh ; also known as Kharfeh Kūreh ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nagelsti is a village in Guldborgsund Municipality on the Danish island of Lolland some 4 km southwest of Nykøbing .
The Théâtre de Paris is a theatre located at 15 , rue Blanche in the 9th arrondissement of Paris .
Woody Chapel , Oklahoma is an unincorporated community located in McClain County , Oklahoma .
Penny 's Bay Highway ( Chinese : 竹篙灣公路 ; Cantonese Yale : juk1 gou1 waan1 gung1 lou6)is a highway in Lantau Island , Hong Kong .
Santa Juana is a city and commune of the Concepción Province in the Bío Bío Region of Chile .
Suraneh ( Persian : سورانه‎ , also Romanized as Sūrāneh ; also known as Sīrān and Sirna ) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District , Qarah Kahriz District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kwai Chung Plaza ( 葵涌廣場 ) is a private housing estate and shopping centre in Kwai Chung , Hong Kong .
The Umpawaug District School is a one - room schoolhouse located near the junction of Umpawaug Road and Marchant in Redding , Connecticut .
McPherson College is a four - year liberal arts college in McPherson , Kansas , United States .
Vasylkiv ( Ukrainian : Василькiв , translit . Vasyl’kiv ) is a city located on the Stuhna River in Kiev Oblast ( province ) in central Ukraine .
Minterburn Mill is a textile mill located at 215 East Main Street , in the Rockville village of Vernon , Connecticut .
Ryhill is a small village and civil parish situated on the B6428 road in West Yorkshire , England approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) south east of the city of Wakefield .
Kohleh - ye Yek ( Persian : كهله يك‎ ; also known as Kohleh ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shreveport Downtown Airport ( IATA : DTN , ICAO : KDTN , FAA LID : DTN ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Shreveport , a city in Caddo Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Charzyno ( xaˈʐɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Abu Eshaq - e Sofla ( Persian : ابواسحق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Abū Esḥaq - e Soflá ; also known as Abūesḥaq - e Soflá ) is a village in Falard Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Bijiang District ( simplified Chinese : 碧江区 ; traditional Chinese : 碧江區 ; pinyin : Bìjiāng Qū ) , is the seat of the city of Tongren , Guizhou province , People 's Republic of China .
Strines railway station serves the village of Strines , in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport , on the outskirts of Greater Manchester , England , although at some point in the past , the station lay over the border in Derbyshire .
Piaski - Drużków ( ˈpjaski ˈdruʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czchów , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Goito ( Gùit in Eastern Lombard dialect ) is a comune of Lombardy , northern Italy , part of the Province of Mantua , from which it is some 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) , on the road to Brescia .
Bramson ORT College is a nonprofit private two - year college in New York City .
Capriva del Friuli ( Slovene : Koprivno ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Gorizia in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) west of Gorizia .
The Aspetuck Reservoir is a large body of water in Fairfield County , Connecticut .
Quilpué is a city and capital of the Marga Marga Province in central Chile 's Valparaíso Region .
The Cherry Valley Coke Ovens consisted of 200 coke ovens built by the Leetonia Iron and Coal Company around 1866 , near Leetonia , Ohio , United States .
Discovery River Boats was an attraction at Walt Disney World 's Disney 's Animal Kingdom in Lake Buena Vista , Florida .
WTUX ( 101.1 FM ) is an American album - oriented rock ( AOR ) radio station licensed to Gouldsboro , Maine , USA .
The Willamette Meteorite , officially named Willamette , is an iron - nickel meteorite discovered in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Ivanhoe Girls ' Grammar School , is an independent , Anglican , day school for girls , located in Ivanhoe , an eastern suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Kosinsky District ( Russian : Косинский райо́н ) is an administrative district ( raion ) of Komi - Permyak Okrug of Perm Krai , Russia ; one of the thirty - three in the krai .
Arisman ( Persian : اريسمان‎ , also Romanized as Arīsmān and Erīsmān ; also known as Azīsmān and Brīsmān ) is a village in Emamzadeh Aqaali Abbas Rural District , Emamzadeh District , Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Gantz Homestead , also called the Gantz Farm House , in Grove City , Franklin County , Ohio , United States , was built in around 1832 .
Ampezzo ( Friulian : Dimpeç , German : Petsch ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northwest of Udine .
Tavakkolabad - e Markazi ( Persian : توكل ابادمركزي‎ , also Romanized as Tavakkolābād - e Markazī ; also known as Shahrīār - e Tavakkolī and Tavakkolābād ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gadarpur ( Hindi : गदरपुर ) is a city and a municipal board in Udham Singh Nagar district in the state of Uttarakhand , India .
The Jordan Bridge , officially named the South Norfolk Jordan Bridge , is a tolled highway fixed bridge which carries State Route 337 over the Southern Branch Elizabeth River from the City of Portsmouth into the City of Chesapeake in South Hampton Roads , Virginia .
Ziberan ( Persian : زيبران‎ , also Romanized as Zīberān ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Martha Graham Center of Contemporary Dance is located in New York City and is the headquarters to the Martha Graham School of Contemporary Dance and the Martha Graham Dance Company , which is the oldest continually performing dance company in the world .
Nieboczowy ( ɲebɔˈt͡ʂɔvɨ ) ( German Niebotschau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomia , within Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
580 California Street is a high rise office building completed in 1987 in the Financial District of San Francisco , California .
Jackson 's Arm is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador , located on White Bay .
Retreat , Wisconsin is an unincorporated community in Vernon County , Wisconsin in the town of Sterling .
Besseggen , or Besseggi , is a mountain ridge in Vågå kommune in Oppland county , Norway .
The United Cigar Manufacturing Company building is an historic building located at York , York County , Pennsylvania .
The Dongdaemun Stadium , was a sports complex in Seoul , South Korea and included a multi - purpose stadium , a baseball park and other sports facilities .
Towbori ( Persian : توبري‎ , also Romanized as Towborī ) is a village in Alqchin Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Samarzewo ( samaˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lake Rossignol is the largest freshwater lake in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Clinger - Moses Mill Complex , also known as Clement 's Mill , is a historic mill complex located in West Pikeland Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Porter - Phelps - Huntington House is a historic house and museum located at 130 River Drive in Hadley , Massachusetts .
Tuanake or Mata - rua - puna is a small atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia .
Young and Talented School of Stage and Screen ( Y&T ) is a London - based drama school located at Oxford House in Bethnal Green and The Broadway Theatre , in Barking .
Llanddarog is a community located in Carmarthenshire , Wales . The community population at the 2011 census was 1,198 .
Bagh - e Asiya ( Persian : باغ اسيا‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Āsīyā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Duszna Górka ( ˈduʂna ˈɡurka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Belyuen Shire is a local government area in the Northern Territory , Australia near Wagait , across Port Darwin from the city of Darwin .
Washington Rock State Park is a 52-acre ( 210,000 m2 ) scenic state park on top the first Watchung Mountain in Green Brook Township , New Jersey .
Aghbolagh - e Taghamin ( Persian : آغبلاغ طغامين‎ , also Romanized as Āghbolāgh - e Ţaghāmīn ; also known as Āqbolāgh - e Ţaghāmīn and Āqbolāgh - e Ţaqāmīn ) is a village in Taghamin Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gengma Dai and Va Autonomous County ( 耿马傣族佤族自治县 ; pinyin : Gěngmǎ dǎizú wǎzú Zìzhìxiàn ) is located in Lincang Prefecture , Yunnan , China .
Mazraeh - ye Yek Lang ( Persian : مزرعه يك لنگ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Yek Lang ) is a village in Palangabad Rural District , Palangabad District , Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Podchojny ( pɔtˈxɔi̯nɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Château de Condé is a private estate in Condé - en - Brie , Aisne , France , set in its park with three - hundred - year - old trees , on the Champagne route and 100 km from Paris .
Kyritz Friary ( German : Franziskanerkloster Kyritz ) is a former Franciscan friary in the old town of Kyritz in Brandenburg , Germany .
Cheriyoor is a place situates on the banks of Kuppam River in Taliparamba in the Indian state of Kerala .
Pest County ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈpɛʃt ) ) is a county ( megye ) in central Hungary .
Houston National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in the city of Houston in Harris County , Texas .
Reed Memorial Library is located at the junction of US 6 and NY 52 in Carmel , New York , United States .
David and Mary Thomson Collegiate Institute ( sporadically known as David and Mary Thomson , DMT , or Thomson ) is a semestered English - language high school located in Scarborough , Ontario , Canada originally sanctioned by the Scarborough Board of Education until its merger with its successor board , the Toronto District School Board in 1998 .
Jiangshan ( Chinese : 江山市 ; pinyin : Jiāngshān ) is a county - level city located in Quzhou prefecture , Zhejiang Province , China .
Koniówka ( kɔˈɲufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Wola Pszczółecka ( ˈvɔla pʂt͡ʂuˈwɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bansin forms the westernmost part of the seaside resort town of Heringsdorf in Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany , on the east coast of Usedom island , about five miles by rail northwest of Świnoujście .
Kilaulay ( Scottish Gaelic : Cill Amhlaigh / Cill Amhlaidh ) is a crofting township on the island of South Uist , in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland .
Mount Pierre Elliott Trudeau is a 2,640 m ( 8,661 ft ) mountain located in the Premier Range of the Cariboo Mountains in the Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Magonie ( maˈɡɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Piruiyeh ( Persian : پيروييه‎ , also Romanized as Pīrū’īyeh ) is a village in Kiskan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Fahandar ( Persian : فهندر‎ ' also known as Deh Pā’īn and Pāīndar ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Abbeville County Courthouse , built in 1908 , is an historic courthouse located in the east corner of Court Square , in the city of Abbeville in Abbeville County , South Carolina .
Choolaimedu is a large residential commercial locality in Chennai , India .
The Sandhöhlen are a natural monument in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt .
Farm to Market Road 1639 or FM 1639 is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from FM 3053 near Overton northeast to SH 31 near Kilgore .
Kunheim ( German : Künheim ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The Castello Maniace is a citadel and castle in Syracuse , Sicily .
Chodaczów ( xɔˈdat͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisko Dolne , within Leżajsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Chal Lal ( Persian : چال لال‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Lāl ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cairnleith Crofts is a group of dwellings in Ythanbank , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
CKJX - FM , branded as Rock 104.5 , is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting an album - oriented rock format at 104.5 FM in Olds , Alberta .
The Twickenham Museum is a volunteer - run museum in Twickenham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
KOSY - FM ( 95.7 FM ) is a 6,000 watt radio station serving Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
The Morehead station is a station on the Charlotte Trolley heritage streetcar line in the South End of Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .
Renuncio is a village of the province of Burgos , in the autonomous community of Castile and León , Spain .
Shesh Kalayeh ( Persian : ششكلايه‎ , also Romanized as Shesh Kalāyeh and Shesh Kelāyeh ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Steynton or Stainton is a parish in the county of Pembrokeshire , Wales , formerly in the hundred of Rhôs and now an area of Milford Haven .
The Humboldt River Bridge is a concrete arch bridge across the Humboldt River in Winnemucca , Nevada , United States , that was built in 1910 .
Wyżarne ( vɨˈʐarnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Kashigaon is a town located on Old Ghodbunder Road , Maharashtra state in India .
Manpur Tapara is a town and marketplace in Rajapur Municipality in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south - western Nepal .
Vats - houll is a settlement in northwestern Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland islands of Scotland .
The Expedia Building is a 20-story office building in the central business district of Bellevue , Washington .
The Sottoceneri ( under the Ceneri ) is that part of the Swiss canton of Ticino that lies to the south of the Monte Ceneri Pass through the Lugano Prealps .
The South Branch Birch River is a 9.4-mile - long ( 15.1 km ) river in Aroostook County , Maine , in the United States .
The Agnes Vaille Shelter is a beehive - shaped stone shelter near the summit of Longs Peak in Rocky Mountain National Park , Colorado , USA .
Lower Bullingham is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire , England .
Christian Church and Parsonage is a historic church and parsonage in Plantersville , Alabama .
Garsur ( Persian : گرسور‎ , also Romanized as Garsūr ) is a village in Mehran Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Westmont Hilltop High School is located in Upper Yoder Township , Cambria County in the western suburbs of Johnstown , Pennsylvania .
Ney Dar ( Persian : نيدر‎ , also Romanized as Neydar and Naidar ) is a village in Sursur Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Sarli Makhtum ( Persian : سارلي مختوم‎ , also Romanized as Sārlī Makhtūm ; also known as Sārlī Makhdūm ) is a village in Aqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Sieberstollen is an adit ( German : Wasserlösungsstollen ) for water drainage in Sankt Andreasberg , in the Harz mountains .
Chalaras ( Persian : چلارس‎ , also Romanized as Chalāras ; also known as Chalāras - e Bālā ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
South Page Community Schools is a small public school district in College Springs , Iowa .
Åre railway station is a railway station located at Åre in Åre Municipality , Sweden on the Mittbanan railway .
Köping Municipality ( Swedish : Köpings kommun ) is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden .
Manly Beach is a beach situated among the Northern Beaches of Sydney , Australia in Manly , New South Wales .
Kolonia Polne ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈpɔlnɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Talysarn is a village in the slate quarrying Nantlle Valley in Gwynedd , Wales .
Stare Rakowo ( ˈstarɛ raˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bo Luang ( Thai : บ่อหลวง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Hot District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Sonoma Mountain Zen Center ( or , Genjoji ) is a Soto Zen practice center located on 80 acres ( 30 ha ) in the mountainous region of Sonoma County in California -- near Santa Rosa -- carrying on the tradition and lineage of Shunryu Suzuki .
Eastern Sierra Regional Airport ( IATA : BIH , ICAO : KBIH , FAA LID : BIH ) is two miles east of Bishop , in Inyo County , California .
Sennen ( Cornish : Sen Senan or Sen Senana ) is a coastal civil parish and a village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Una Vida is an archaeological site located in Chaco Canyon , San Juan County , New Mexico , United States .
Summit Lake Park is a park located along Mount Evans Scenic Byway about 38 miles ( 100 km ) west of Denver , Colorado .
Deh Mozaffar ( Persian : ده مظفر‎ , also Romanized as Deh Moz̧affar ; also known as Moz̧affar ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Donovan Catholic High School , ( formerly Monsignor Donovan High School ) located in Toms River , is the only Roman Catholic high school in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States , and operates under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton .
The Golden Gate Building , built in 1925 , is an historic real estate and land development office building located on State Road A1A at 3225 South East Dixie Highway ( corner of South East Delmar Street ) in the unincorporated community of Golden Gate south of Stuart in Martin County , Florida .
The Adam Art Gallery ( in Maori : Te Pātaka Toi ) is the purpose - built gallery of Victoria University of Wellington , New Zealand .
Cherry Hinton is a suburban area of the city of Cambridge , in Cambridgeshire , England .
Casserres is a town and municipality in the comarca of Berguedà , Catalonia , a part of the Baix Berguedà region .
Interstate 581 ( I-581 ) is a spur off Interstate 81 into Roanoke , Virginia , United States , completely overlapping U.S. Route 220 .
Telegraph Avenue is a street that begins , at its southernmost point , in the midst of the historic downtown district of Oakland , California , USA , and ends , at its northernmost point , at the southern edge of the University of California campus in Berkeley , California .
Banjara Hills ( Telugu : బంజారా హిల్స్ ) is an urban commercial center in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
The Hale - Boynton House built in 1764 , is a historic house on Middle Street in Newbury , Massachusetts .
François Bay ( or Fransway Bay ) is natural bay on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Florianturm ( Florian Tower , Florian for short ) is a telecommunications tower and landmark of Dortmund ( Germany ) .
Shah Qotb ol Din Heydar ( Persian : شاه قطب الدين حيدر‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Qoţb ol Dīn Ḩeydar and Shāh Qoţb od Dīn Ḩeydar ) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Columbia Slough is a narrow waterway , about 19 miles ( 31 km ) long , in the floodplain of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Pendock is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire , England , situated about halfway between Tewkesbury and Ledbury .
Gruni Mahdi Fuladvand ( Persian : گروني مهدي فولادوند‎ , also Romanized as Grūnī Mahdī Fūlādvand ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Interstate 95 ( I-95 ) is the main Interstate Highway on the east coast of the United States ; its southernmost segment serves the Atlantic coast of Florida .
Perki ( ˈpɛrki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Poznowice ( pɔznɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbicko , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Paddock Mansion , home to the Jefferson County Historical Society Headquarters since 1922 , is a historic home located at Watertown in Jefferson County , New York .
Młodzieszynek ( mwɔd͡ʑɛˈʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Ikon Gallery ( grid reference SP060866 ) is an English gallery of contemporary art , located in Brindleyplace , Birmingham .
Alice Springs Airport ( IATA : ASP , ICAO : YBAS ) is a regional airport 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8.1 mi ) south of Alice Springs , Northern Territory .
Lulakabad - e Sofla ( Persian : لولك ابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Lūlakābād - e Soflá ; also known as Lūlīkābād - e Pā'īn , Lūlīkābād - e Şūfīās , and Lūlīk - e Soflá ) is a village in Chahriq Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Ray Mountains is a mountain range in central Alaska named for the Ray River , itself named for United States Army Captain Patrick Henry Ray , who established a meteorological station in Barrow , Alaska , in 1881 .
The Piccadilly Theatre is a West End theatre located at 16 Denman Street , behind Piccadilly Circus and adjacent to the Regent Palace Hotel , in the City of Westminster , England .
Veerakeralampudur is a taluk in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Rodopsko ( Bulgarian : Родопско ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Shahrud Kola ( Persian : شهرودكلا‎ , also Romanized as Shahrūd Kolā ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sheenboro is a village and municipality in the Outaouais region , part of the Pontiac Regional County Municipality , Quebec , Canada .
Cloud Peak is on the border between Johnson County and Big Horn County in Wyoming and is the high point of both counties .
Neydovand ( Persian : نيدوند‎ , also Romanized as Neydovand and Ney Dowvand ) is a village in Hati Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kaqalaq ( Persian : كقالق‎ , also Romanized as Kaqālaq ; also known as Kafalagh and Kafāleq ) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Seyhan is a district - municipality in Adana Province of Turkey .
Laceno is an Italian hamlet ( frazione ) and ski resort situated in the municipality of Bagnoli Irpino , Province of Avellino , Campania .
Brusna ( Serbian Cyrillic : Брусна ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sharrott Winery ( pronounced /ˈʃærət/ , SHAR - it ) is a winery in the Blue Anchor section of Winslow Township in Camden County , New Jersey .
Brná nad Labem ( German : Birnai ) is residential area in Ústí nad Labem , Czech republic .
Venjan is a locality situated in Mora Municipality , Dalarna County , Sweden with 295 inhabitants in 2010 .
Motary ( mɔˈtarɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Pszów ( pʂuf ) ( German : Pschow ) is a town in Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , with 14,035 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
The Boston Mills Historic District is a historic district in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Cleveland , Northeast Ohio in the United States .
The Cottage - Freeman Historic District is a historic district on Cottage St. Freeman St. , from Commonwealth Ave . to Ten Mile River and Park Lane in North Attleborough , Massachusetts .
Żery Bystre ( ˈʐɛrɨ ˈbɨstrɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Cave Without a Name is a limestone solutional cave in the Texas Hill Country region of central Texas .
Fitler School , also known as the Edwin Fitler High School , is a historic high school building located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Rancho San Pascual also known as Rancho el Rincon de San Pascual was a 14,403-acre ( 58.29 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present - day Los Angeles County , California given to Juan Marine in 1834 by José Figueroa .
Praczka ( ˈprat͡ʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The David M. Dennison Building is a building located on the University of Michigan campus in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Abu Shanak ( Persian : ابوشانك‎ , also Romanized as Abū Shānak and Abū Shānek ; also known as Abowlshānak , Bashnak , Bū Shānek , Sânel , Shānek , Shānel , and Shanel ) is a village in Bahmanshir - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stow Bardolph , sometimes simply referred to as Stow , is an a estate and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , lying between King 's Lynn and Downham Market on the A10 .
Ripponden is a village and civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of Calderdale , in West Yorkshire , England , near Halifax , on the River Ryburn .
KSHU and KSHU - TV are student - run non - commercial college radio and student television station operations located at Sam Houston State University in Huntsville , Texas .
The Benjamin Brunson House is one of the oldest houses remaining in Saint Paul , Minnesota it was built ca .
The Baths Hall is an entertainment venue in Scunthorpe , North Lincolnshire , England .
J. P. Taravella High School is a secondary school located in Coral Springs , Florida which teaches grades 9 - -12 .
The Shire of Greenough was a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia , 420 kilometres ( 261 mi ) north of the state capital , Perth surrounding the city of Geraldton .
The Huntington Desert Garden is part of The Huntington Library , Art Collections and Botanical Gardens in San Marino , California .
Risani ( Persian : ريساني‎ , also Romanized as Rīsanī ) is a village in Bivanij Rural District , in the Central District of Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Stevensville Airport ( FAA LID : 32S ) is a town - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northeast of the central business district of Stevensville , a town in Ravalli County , Montana , United States .
Bryan Station ( also Bryan 's Station , and often misspelled Bryant 's Station ) was an early fortified settlement in Lexington , Kentucky .
The Kirk of the Canongate , or Canongate Kirk , serves the Parish of Canongate in Edinburgh 's Old Town , in Scotland .
Helstone ( Cornish : Hellys ) is a hamlet in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Lowfield Heath is a former village within the boundaries of the Borough of Crawley , West Sussex , England .
The First Trinitarian Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church at 381 Country Way in Scituate , Massachusetts ; it is associated with the United Church of Christ .
Dunbeath Castle is located on the east coast of Caithness , 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) south of Dunbeath , in northern Scotland .
Wasilew Skrzeszewski ( vaˈɕilɛf skʂɛˈʂɛfski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gura Jub - e Qeshlaq ( Persian : گوراجوب قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Gūrā Jūb - e Qeshlāq ; also known as Gūrājū Qeshlāq ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Stachura ( staˈxura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kalinchok is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north - eastern Nepal .
Giebło - Kolonia ( ˈɡʲɛbwɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ogrodzieniec , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Park Halt railway station on the Middleton Railway in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England is the terminal station of the railway .
Kurczów ( ˈkurt͡ʂuf ) ( German : Kurtsch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Burwardsley is a village and civil parish the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
The Mechanics ' Bank and Trust Company Building is an office building located at 612 South Gay Street in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States .
Big Meadows is a recreational area of the Shenandoah National Park in Madison County and Page County , in the US state of Virginia .
The National Stadium of Ioannina ( Greek : Εθνικό Στάδιο Ιωαννίνων ) , more commonly known as Zosimades Stadium ( Greek : Στάδιο `` Ζωσιμάδες '' ) is a multi - purpose stadium based on Ioannina , Greece and named after the 18th - century Zosimades brothers , benefactors of the city .
Mażany ( maˈʐanɨ ) ( German : Masehnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vacaria is a Brazilian municipality in the northeast of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Tamik ( Persian : تميك‎ , also Romanized as Tamīk ) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Stannington railway station was a railway station which served the village of Stannington in Northumberland , England .
KQSK 97.5 FM , is a Country music station in northwest Nebraska .
Nowe Bosewo ( ˈnɔvɛ bɔˈsɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hoveysh - e Neys ( Persian : حويش نيس‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoveysh - e Neys ; also known as Khoveysh - e Neys ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Giesen - Hauser House in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States , is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Babereh - ye Sofla ( Persian : بابره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bābareh - ye Soflá ; also known as Bābereh - ye Pā'īn and Bābertīn - e Soflá ) is a village in Harzandat - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nerang State High School ( NSHS ) is a state high school located on the Gold Coast of Queensland , Australia .
Jixi ( Chinese : 鸡西 ; pinyin : Jīxī ) is a city in southeastern Heilongjiang Province , People 's Republic of China .
Langley Park School for Boys is a boys ' secondary academy school in Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley , with a mixed - gender sixth form .
Sadłowo - Rumunki ( sadˈwɔvɔ ruˈmuŋki ) ( German : Sedlau - Räumung ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The House at 30 Sheffield Road is one of the more creative early 20th century Craftsman style houses in Wakefield , Massachusetts .
The Château Pastré , formerly known as the Chateau de Montredon , is a nineteenth - century building in the suburb of Montredon to the south of Marseille , France .
Chapel Allerton Hospital is located in the area of Chapel Allerton , Leeds , West Yorkshire , England and is operated by the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust .
Buildings at 104 - 116 West Water St. were a set of historic commercial buildings located at Elmira in Chemung County , New York .
The Palazzo Gussoni Grimani Della Vida , also called Grimani a San Fosca is a Renaissance - style palace on the Grand Canal , located between the Palazetto Barbarigo and the Rio di Noale , in the sestiere of Cannaregio , in Venice , Italy .
The Wichita Mountains are located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Ban - e Vizeh ( Persian : بان ويزه‎ , also Romanized as Bān - e Vīzeh ; also known as Bāndūzeh , Banwīza , and Bon Vaz ) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Fort Nez Percés ( or Fort Nez Percé , with or without the accent ) , later known as ( Old ) Fort Walla Walla , was a fortified fur trading post on the Columbia River on the territory of modern - day Wallula , Washington .
Alumni Memorial Field at Foster Stadium is a 10,000-seat multi - purpose stadium in Lexington , Virginia , United States .
Ossian Hall was an 18th - century plantation in Annandale , Fairfax County , Virginia .
Port Louisa National Wildlife Refuge is a 10,780-acre ( 43.6 km2 ) National Wildlife Refuge located on the Mississippi River at the border of Illinois and Iowa .
Damascus Baptist Church Arbor is a historic Baptist church arbor located near Harmony , Iredell County , North Carolina .
North Pocono High School is a public , four - year , regional high school located in Covington Township , Lackawanna County , Pennsylvania .
Thunder Valley Casino Resort is a hotel and casino located in unincorporated Placer County near the city of Lincoln , California , 30 miles ( 48 km ) northeast of Sacramento .
The Laura Gale House , also known as the Mrs. Thomas H. Gale House , is a home in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park , Illinois , United States .
The Shire of Corio was a local government area located between Geelong and Werribee , about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Mohammadhasanvand ( Persian : محمدحسنوند‎‎ , also Romanized as Moḥammadḥasanvand ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Berkley School , also known as Hosanna School , is a historic school for African Americans located in Darlington , Harford County , Maryland .
Plaza Garibaldi is located in historic downtown Mexico City , on Eje Central ( Lázaro Cárdenas ) between historic Calle República de Honduras and Calle República de Peru , a few blocks north of the Palacio de Bellas Artes .
Kraszyn ( ˈkraʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mountainville Academy is a public charter school in Alpine , Utah , with students from Kindergarten to ninth grade .
The Troy Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic village center of Troy , New Hampshire , United States .
Créteil is the préfecture ( capital ) of the Val - de - Marne department as well as the seat of the Arrondissement of Créteil .
The Long View Center is a historic church building located in the Moore Square Historic District of Raleigh , North Carolina , United States .
WRWB - FM is a radio station licensed to Ellenville , New York and serving an area including much of the Hudson Valley and the eastern parts of the Catskills .
Sumvitg ( Romansh pronunciation : ( sumvitɕ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
Cape York Peninsula is a large remote peninsula located in Far North Queensland , Australia .
Morbihan ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔʁbi.ɑ̃ ) ; Breton : Mor - Bihan , IPA : ( morˈbiˑãn ) ) is a department in Brittany , situated in the northwest of France .
Glenbard South High School , or GSHS or GBS is a public four - year high school located in Glen Ellyn , Illinois .
Shau Kei Wan Road ( traditional Chinese : 筲箕灣道 ; simplified Chinese : 筲箕湾道 ; pinyin : Shāojīwān Dào ; Cantonese Yale : saau1 gei1 waan1 dou6 ) , formerly known as Shaukiwan Road , is the main road in Shau Kei Wan and Sai Wan Ho , Hong Kong .
Droyer 's Point is a section of Jersey City , New Jersey at Newark Bay that was the site of the Jersey City Airport and later of Roosevelt Stadium , both of which were demolished .
The Shing Mun Country Park ( established June 24 , 1977 ) is a country park of Hong Kong , hugging the Shing Mun Reservoir .
Donoughmore ( spelt Donaghmore by Ordnance Survey Ireland ; Irish : Domhnach Mór ) is a civil and Catholic parish in the barony of Muskerry East , County Cork , Ireland .
KVNU ( AM 610 ) is a news talk radio station in Logan , Utah , USA .
Norco High School is California Distinguished School public high school serving 2,206 students from grades 9 - 12 in Norco , California , USA .
Hayan ( Persian : حيان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩayān ) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Harvey Point Defense Testing Activity facility , owned by the Department of Defense , is located on a peninsula in Perquimans County , North Carolina , along the Albemarle Sound , near the city of Hertford , NC .
The Girod Street Cemetery was a large above - ground cemetery established in 1822 for Protestant residents of the Faubourg St. Mary in predominantly Catholic New Orleans , Louisiana .
Kolonia Brudzewice ( kɔˈlɔɲa brud͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Suchań , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Zahray - ye Bala Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زهرائ بالا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Coeur d'Alene Airport ( IATA : COE , ICAO : KCOE , FAA LID : COE ) is a county - owned public - use airport in the northwest United States , located in northern Idaho at Hayden in Kootenai County .
Bussey Lake is a backwater lake on the Iowa side of the Upper Mississippi River located about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) above Lock and Dam No . 10 , at Guttenberg , Iowa .
The Roxbury Latin School , which was founded in Roxbury , Massachusetts , by the Rev. John Eliot under a charter received from King Charles I of England is the oldest school in continuous existence in North America .
Charleston Municipal Auditorium is a historic public auditorium , located at Charleston , West Virginia .
The Mike Durfee State Prison is a South Dakota state prison for men on the campus of what was University of South Dakota at Springfield , United States .
Mowtowr - e Hamzeh Ashrafzadeh ( Persian : موتورحمزه اشرف‌زاده‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ḩamzeh Ashrafzādeh ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tolombeh - ye Fakhrayi ( Persian : تلمبه فخرايي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Fakhrāyī ) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District , Kordian District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pitcairngreen ( pronounced ' Pit - cairn Green ' ) is a hamlet / very small village in Perth and Kinross which is more or less adjoined to the much larger village of Almondbank .
White Plains Road is a major north - south thoroughfare which runs the length of the Bronx borough of New York City .
The Brigham Young Monument ( or Pioneer Monument ) is a bronzed historical monument located on the north sidewalk of the intersection at Main and South Temple Streets of Salt Lake City , Utah .
East Hill Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Gresham , Oregon , situated in East Multnomah County , affiliated with the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel .
Lake Frome is a large endorheic lake in South Australia , east of the Northern Flinders Ranges .
Copicut Woods is a nature reserve and forest located in Fall River , Massachusetts .
Poplaca ( German : Gunzendorf ; Hungarian : Popláka ) is a commune in Sibiu County , Transylvania , Romania , at the foothills of the Cindrel Mountains , 12 km south - west of the county capital Sibiu , in the Mărginimea Sibiului ethnographic area .
Connel ( Gaelic : A ' Chonghail ) is a village in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
The Manitowoc Breakwater Light is a lighthouse located near Manitowoc in Manitowoc County , Wisconsin .
The Valiant Air Command Warbird Museum is located at the Space Coast Regional Airport , 6600 Tico Road , in Brevard County , just south of Titusville , Florida .
Tealby is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England , situated on the edge of the Lincolnshire Wolds and 3 miles ( 5 km ) north - east from Market Rasen .
Crooked Harbour or Kat O Hoi ( Chinese : 吉澳海 ) is a harbour at the northeast of New Territories , Hong Kong .
Fort Hays State University ( FHSU ) is a public , co - educational university located in Hays , Kansas , United States .
The Pioneer Sod House in Wheat Ridge , Colorado is a sod house built in 1886 .
The Pine Ridge Hospital ( also known as the Pine Ridge Apartments ) is a historic hospital in West Palm Beach , Florida .
The Swanson School of Engineering is the engineering school of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Skałągi ( skaˈwɔnɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hudajužna ( pronounced ( xudaˈjuːʒna ) ) is a village in the valley of the Bača River in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Moraskhun - e Sofla ( Persian : مراسخون سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Morāskhūn - e Soflá ) is a village in Rostam - e Seh Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shad Mehan ( Persian : شادمهن‎ , also Romanized as Shād Mehan , Shādīman , and Shādmahan ; also known as Shad Jin and Shād Mahand ) is a village in Qazqanchay Rural District , Arjomand District , Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Granite Falls Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KGDB , FAA LID : GDB , formerly 1G2 ) , also known as Lenzen - Roe Memorial Field , is a public - use airport in Yellow Medicine County , Minnesota , United States .
Golsu ( Persian : گلسو‎ , also Romanized as Golsū ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Fortepian ( fɔrˈtɛpjan ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pomieczyńska Huta ( pɔmjɛˈt͡ʂɨɲska ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kaj Kush ( Persian : كجكوش‎ , also Romanized as Kaj Kūsh ; also known as Kach Kūsh ) is a village in Damen Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Schoolroom Glacier is a small glacier in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Byaban Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بيابان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Byaban District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
McMurrich / Monteith is a municipality and census subdivision in the Almaguin Highlands region of Parry Sound District , Ontario , Canada .
Abil Pol Randeh ( Persian : ابيل پل رنده‎ , also Romanized as Ābīl Pol Randeh ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Kingdome ( officially King County Multipurpose Domed Stadium ) was a multi - purpose stadium in Seattle , Washington , located in the city 's SoDo neighborhood .
Qadamabad ( Persian : قدم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qadamābād ; also known as Qadīmābād ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , Hasanabad District , Eqlid County , Fars Province , Iran .
Inverell Shire is a local government area in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales , Australia adjacent to the Macintyre River and the Gwydir Highway .
Wagowo ( vaˈɡɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Wetterkreuzberg ( 400.7 m above NHN ) is a hill in the Haardt range on the eastern edge of the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
The Whistle Stop Inn is a two - story building in Chicago , Illinois that has held a variety of businesses .
Stomorska is a village and a cadastral in Croatia , on the northern coast of Šolta island in the Split - Dalmatia County .
Spędoszyn ( spɛnˈdɔʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Public Academy for Performing Arts ( PAPA ) charter school is located in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Spring Lake Park School District 16 is a Minnesota school district serving 5,500 students from the cities of Blaine , Spring Lake Park , and Fridley .
The E. Brown House is an historic house located at 7 Sutton Street , in Uxbridge , Massachusetts .
Little Missouri State Park is a North Dakota state park located along the southern banks of the Little Missouri River , north of Killdeer .
Gundal och Högås is a trimunicipal locality situated in Kungsbacka Municipality , Halland County , and Gothenburg Municipality and Mölndal Municipality in Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Cheraw State Park is located in the northeast corner of the U.S. state of South Carolina .
J. C. Osgood Firehouse , now known as Engine Company 6 , is a historic fire station located at Troy in Rensselaer County , New York .
Bijar Bagh ( Persian : بيجارباغ‎ , also Romanized as Bījār Bāgh ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Aaron Taft House is an historic house at 215 Hazel Street , in Uxbridge , Massachusetts .
Kolonia Kamieńczykowska ( kɔˈlɔɲa kamjɛɲt͡ʂɨˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Golshir ( Persian : گل شير‎ , also Romanized as Golshīr ; also known as Afsarīyeh ) is a village in Jowkar Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Uvas Reservoir is a reservoir in Santa Clara County , California in the United States , created in 1957 by the construction of Uvas Dam across Uvas Creek .
Rose Bay Secondary College ( frequently abbreviated as RBSC ) is a co - educational public high school located in the Sydney suburb of Dover Heights , in New South Wales , Australia .
The Grieg Hall ( Norwegian : Grieghallen ) is a 1,500 seat concert hall in Bergen , Norway .
Sadów ( ˈsaduf ) ( Silesian : Sodowje ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Buseh Hajj ( Persian : بوسه هاگ‎ , also Romanized as Būseh Ḩājj ) is a village in Nargesan Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Akhnoor ( Hindi : अखनूर ; Urdu : اخنور‎ ) is an archeological site and Municipal Committee in Jammu district in the state of Jammu & Kashmir , India .
Birtavarre ( Northern Sami : Gáivuonbahta ; Kven : Pirttivaara ) is a village in the municipality of Gáivuotna-- Kåfjord in Troms county , Norway .
Gore Canyon is a short isolated canyon on the upper Colorado River in southwestern Grand County , Colorado in the United States .
3SH is a commercial radio station in Swan Hill , Victoria , Australia broadcasting on the medium wave band on a frequency of 1332kHz .
Humpback Rocks , along with a well maintained trail and visitors ' center , are located in the Blue Ridge Mountains near Waynesboro , Virginia in Augusta County and Nelson County .
Kundagavayal ( Tamil : குந்தகவயல் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoil revenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Batenburg is a village in the municipality of Wijchen , in the Dutch province of Gelderland .
The McMillin Bridge ( also known as the Puyallup River Bridge ) is a concrete half - through truss bridge crossing the Puyallup River , in Pierce County , Washington , built in 1966 .
The Pointe at North Fayette is a retail development about 15 minutes west of downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania in North Fayette Township .
The Thompson Block is a historic commercial building located at 117 , 119 , 121 , 123 and 125 Middle Street in Portland , Maine .
Kaleń Duża ( ˈkalɛɲ ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Steel Reborn is a public art work by American artist Charles Toman , located in front of the Miller Compressing Company on the south side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Wojkowa ( vɔi̯ˈkɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Войкова , Voikova ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Rancho Cañada de los Vaqueros was a 17,760-acre ( 71.9 km2 ) Mexican land grant mostly in present day Contra Costa County , California but partially in Alameda County , California given in 1844 by Governor Manuel Micheltorena to Antonio Higuera , Francisco Alviso and Manuel Miranda .
Highstead is a village near Chislet , off the A299 road , in the Canterbury District , in the English county of Kent .
The James A. Walsh United States Courthouse , also or formerly named U.S. Post Office and Courthouse , is a historic post office and courthouse building located at Tucson at Pima County , Arizona .
Żabinek ( ʐaˈbinɛk ) ( German : Klein Sabin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Palczew - Parcela ( ˈpalt͡ʂɛf parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Czerwonka - Parcel ( t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnka ˈpart͡sɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Fiera di Primiero ( German : Primör ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) east of Trento .
The World Trade and Convention Centre ( WTCC ) is a convention centre and office complex in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The ACT Memorial is an Australian war memorial honouring men and women associated with the Australian Capital Territory who served in a number of conflicts and peacekeeping missions throughout the world .
Gampelen ( French : Champion ) is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Selma University is a private and historically black Bible college located in Selma , Alabama , United States .
Adamowo - Zastawa ( adaˈmɔvɔ zasˈtava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Dr. Virgil Cox House is a historic home located at Galax , Virginia .
The Bronson - Mulholland House , ( also known as the Judge Isaac H. Bronson House and as Sunny Point ) , is an historic site located at 100 Madison Street , in Palatka , Florida .
Aliabad - e Bandan ( Persian : علي ابادبندان‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Bandān ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Daničići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Даничићи ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Corris Uchaf ( English : Upper Corris ) , locally known as Top Corris , is a village lying in the south of the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd , Wales .
Antakya ( Arabic : انطاكيا‎ , Anṭākyā from Syriac : ܐܢܛܝܘܟܝܐ‎ , Anṭiokia ; Greek : Ἀντιόχεια , Antiócheia ) , is the seat of the Hatay Province in southern Turkey .
Bahur ( Persian : بهور‎ , also Romanized as Bahūr ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Watson Technology Center is an elementary magnet school located in Garland , Texas ( USA ) .
Riordan Mansion State Historic Park is a historic site in the Kinlichi Knoll neighborhood of Flagstaff , Arizona , bordering Northern Arizona University .
Creigiau is a dormitory settlement in the north - west of Cardiff , the capital of Wales .
Le Studio ( later renamed Studio Morin Heights ) was a residential recording studio located just south of the town of Morin - Heights , Quebec built in 1974 by André Perry and Yaël Brandeis .
Nouvel Catholic Central High School is a private , Catholic high school located in Saginaw Charter Township , Michigan and serving the Saginaw region .
Chaffey College is a public community college in the San Bernardino County city of Rancho Cucamonga , California , United States , in the northern part of the community of Alta Loma .
Parchim Kesh ( Persian : پرچيم كش‎ , also Romanized as Parchīm Kesh ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Haines High School is the primary high school for the town of Haines , Alaska and the Haines Borough School District .
Myles Standish State Forest is state forest located in the towns of Plymouth and Carver in southeastern Massachusetts , approximately 45 miles ( 70 km ) south of Boston .
Andrews Arboretum is a small arboretum located on the east side of Broadway between Grandview and Marine Streets in Boulder , Colorado , USA .
Little Indian Creek Wildlife Management Area is located on 1,036 acres ( 419 ha ) southwest of Westover in Monongalia County , West Virginia .
Sand Mining Complex ( Persian : مجتمع معادن شن وماسه‎ -- Mojtame`-e Mʿādan Shen va Māsh ) is a company town and village in Haft Juy Rural District , in the Central District of Qods County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Somerset Wind Farm is a wind farm in Somerset County , Pennsylvania with six GE 1.5 MW Wind Turbines that began commercial operation in October 2001 .
The Warren County Special Services School District is a special education public school district based in Oxford Township , serving the educational needs of classified students ages 3 to 21 from Warren County , New Jersey , United States .
Osmaston Hall was built in 1696 in extensive grounds of what is now Osmaston , a part of Derby .
Thimminenipalem is a village in the Chintakani mandal of Khammam district in the state of Telangana , India .
Atalaya and Brookgreen Gardens is a National Historic Landmark District encompassing two formerly - united properties associated with sculptor Anna Hyatt Huntington ( 1876 - 1973 ) on the coast of Georgetown County , South Carolina .
Boone Pickens Stadium ( previously known as Lewis Field ) has been home to the Oklahoma State University Cowboys football team in rudimentary form since 1913 , and as a complete stadium since 1920 .
Freeway Park in Seattle , Washington , United States , extends from Downtown Seattle , where it adjoins the Washington State Convention and Trade Center , to First Hill .
Summer Leys is a local nature reserve at Wollaston in the Upper Nene Valley , in Northamptonshire , England .
Ranya District ( رانیه ; Ra : nya ) is located in Sulaymaniyah Governorate , Iraqi Kurdistan , Iraq .
Bellflower High School is a six - year public high school located in Bellflower , California , as part of the Bellflower Unified School District ( BUSD ) .
Sartiz ( Persian : سرتيز‎ , also Romanized as Sartīz ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tsitsutl Peak is the highest volcanic peak of the Rainbow Range in British Columbia , Canada , located within Tweedsmuir South Provincial Park , 43 km ( 27 mi ) northwest of Anahim Lake and 44 km ( 27 mi ) northeast of Thunder Mountain .
Bayers Lake Business Park is a business park in Halifax , Nova Scotia west of Clayton Park .
Karigaon is a village near Nathaipur in Gyanpur in Sant Ravidas Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Aqkand ( Persian : آقكند‎ ; also Romanized as Āqkand , Āq Kand , Āgh Kand , and Ak - Kend ) is a city in and the capital of Kaghazkonan District , in Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vishkhes Mahalleh ( Persian : ويش خس محله‎ , also Romanized as Vīshkhes Maḩalleh ; also known as Vīshkheşeh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Khaleh Sara Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Hajji Motalleb ( Persian : كلاته حاجي مطلب‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ḩājjī Moţalleb ) is a village in Tabas Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Milton - under - Wychwood is a village and civil parish about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north of Burford , Oxfordshire , just off the A361 road between Burford and Chipping Norton .
Małowidz ( maˈwɔvit͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kikomdan ( Persian : كيكمدان‎ , also Romanized as Kīkomdān ; also known as Kīkomdān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Vachathi case refers to a crime that happened on 20 June 1992 in the Vachathi village of Dharmapuri district , Tamil Nadu .
The Ludlow Garage began life as an automobile shop and later became a music venue located in the Clifton neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Dast - e Ney ( Persian : دست ني‎ ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Balsam Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in south - central Ontario on Balsam Lake .
The Oregon Rail Heritage Center ( ORHC ) is a railway museum in Portland , Oregon .
Meydan - e Khodaverdi ( Persian : میدان خداوردی‎ , also Romanized as Meydān - e Khodāverdī ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Coomera Falls is a segmented waterfall on the upper Coomera River in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
The Preservation Society of Chapel Hill ( PSCH ) is a tax - exempt , nonprofit organization located in Chapel Hill , North Carolina .
Goodenough Island in the Solomon Sea ( identified as Morata on the earliest maps ) is the westernmost of the three large islands of the D'Entrecasteaux Islands in Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea .
Kolonia Okręglica ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɔkrɛnˈɡlit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Briarwood Presbyterian Church is a flagship congregation of the Presbyterian Church in America located in suburban Birmingham , Alabama .
Szade Góry ( ˈʂadɛ ˈɡurɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Borm - e Shir ( Persian : برم شير‎ , also Romanized as Borm - e Shīr ) is a village in Rak Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Taku Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Taku Inlet in the U.S. state of Alaska , just southeast of the city of Juneau .
The Phillips Exeter Academy Library in Exeter , New Hampshire , U.S. , with 160,000 volumes on nine levels and a shelf capacity of 250,000 volumes , is the largest secondary school library in the world .
Le Ban - Saint - Martin ( German : Sankt Martinsbann from 1915 - 1918 ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France .
The Great Eastern Railway War Memorial is a war memorial installed at the Liverpool Street station in the City of London , United Kingdom .
Stuart Field was a stadium at Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana , United States .
The Nova Project is located at 2410 East Cherry Street in Seattle , Washington , and is operated by the Seattle Public School District .
Lusiny ( luˈɕinɨ ) ( German : Losgehnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Mottisfont is a village and civil parish in the Test Valley district of Hampshire , England , approximately 7 km north west of Romsey .
Jiaomei ( Chinese : 角美镇 ; pinyin : Jiǎoměi Zhèn ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Kak - bí - tìn ) is a Town in the portion of Longhai City north of the Jiulong River , in the municipal region of Zhangzhou , Fujian .
Maine South High School is a public four - year high school located in Park Ridge , Illinois , a north suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Charusa District ( Persian : بخش چاروسا‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Indian Hills Community College ( IHCC ) is a two - year public community college , with campuses located in Ottumwa , Iowa and Centerville , Iowa .
Osipy - Wydziory Pierwsze ( ɔˈɕipɨ vɨˈd͡ʑɔrɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Cape Leeuwin Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the headland of Cape Leeuwin , i/ˈluːwɪn/ the most south - westerly point on the mainland of the Australian Continent , in the state of Western Australia .
Cherry Valley Archeological Site , RI-279 is an archaeological site in Glocester , Rhode Island The site contains various archaeological evidence from the pre - historic era .
Parattah is a small township in Tasmania , located approximately 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) southeast of the town of Oatlands .
Xiyan Township ( simplified Chinese : 西阎乡 ; traditional Chinese : 西閻鄉 ; pinyin : Xīyán Xiāng ) is a township under the administration of Lingbao City , in western Henan province , China , situated just north of G30 Lianyungang--
Brandon Cemetery ( commonly referred to as Old Brandon Cemetery ) is located in Brandon , Mississippi , northeast of the Downtown Brandon Historic District .
Springbank Island , within Lake Burley Griffin , is located in Canberra , Australian Capital Territory , Australia .
Pir Taj Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پيرتاج‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Episcopal Diocese of Spokane is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in eastern Washington and North Idaho , United States .
The Stabler - Leadbeater Apothecary Shop / Museum is a historic apothecary 's shop in Alexandria , Virginia , USA , that has been preserved as a museum .
Dziemierzyce ( d͡ʑɛmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Periyakulam is a town and a Municipality in Theni district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Lois Cowles Harrison Center for the Visual and Performing Arts ( also called Harrison School for the Arts ) was founded in Lakeland , Florida , United States in 1989 and named after community member and art patron Lois Cowles Harrison .
Peel County Courthouse is a historic building located in Brampton , Ontario and served as a courthouse and jail for Peel County and Peel Region , as well as the first home of Peel Regional Council .
Sawice - Wieś ( saˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Coliseo Amauta is the biggest multi - use indoor arena in Peru , located in the southern zone of the Lima District in Lima , Peru .
Damrud ( Persian : دمرود‎ , also Romanized as Damrūd ) is a village in Majin Rural District , Majin District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Utgård is a village on the island Vesterøy in Hvaler municipality , Norway .
Reed College is a private liberal arts college located in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Western Science Center ( WSC ) , formerly the Western Center for Archaeology & Paleontology , is a museum located near Diamond Valley Lake in Hemet , California .
Alulak ( Persian : الولك‎ , also Romanized as Ālūlak ) is a village in Eqbal - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Number 18 School in Marshall is a historic one - room school located at Marshall , Fauquier County , Virginia .
The Bloomsbury Historic District is a neighborhood and national historic district located near downtown Raleigh , North Carolina .
Fort Willard is a former Union Army installation now located in the Belle Haven area of Fairfax County in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Makuyeh ( Persian : مكويه‎ , also Romanized as Makūyeh and Makooyeh ; also known as Mākū and Makku ) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wittman Regional Airport ( IATA : OSH , ICAO : KOSH , FAA LID : OSH ) is a county owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the central business district of Oshkosh , a city in Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States .
Farheh ( Persian : فرهه‎ ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Natchaug Forest Lumber Shed is a historic utility building in Natchaug State Forest in Eastford , Connecticut .
Wymering is a residential area of the city of Portsmouth in the English county of Hampshire .
Tomb KV34 in the Valley of the Kings ( near the modern - day Egyptian city of Luxor ) was the tomb of 18th dynasty Pharaoh Thutmose III . One of the first tombs to be dug in the Valley , it was cut high in the cliff face of the furthermost wadi .
Vajargah ( Persian : واجارگاه‎‎ , also Romanized as Vājārgāh ; also known as Owndīm Sarā ) is a city in Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Western Fair is a fair held annually in London , Ontario , Canada in early September .
District School Number Five , also known as `` The Little Red Schoolhouse , '' is a historic one room school building located at Campbell in Steuben County , New York .
The Pasco County Courthouse ( constructed in 1909 ) is a historic site in Dade City , Florida , located at 37918 Meridian Avenue .
Chippewa County International Airport ( IATA : CIU , ICAO : KCIU , FAA LID : CIU ) is a public use airport in Chippewa County , Michigan , United States .
Rottneros is a locality situated in Sunne Municipality , Värmland County , Sweden with 448 inhabitants in 2010 .
Seven Utes Mountain , elevation 11,478 ft ( 3,498 m ) , is a summit in the Never Summer Mountains of northern Colorado .
Nargol ( also : Nargole ) is a village located in the southern region of the Indian state of Gujarat near the Maharashtra border .
Khammam is the city in Khammam district of the Indian state of Telangana .
KYEE ( 94.3 FM , `` 94 KEY '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Alamogordo , New Mexico .
Rubió is a rural municipality in the comarca of the Anoia in Catalonia , Spain .
Angeta Rud - e Bala ( Persian : انگتارود بالا‎ , also Romanized as Angetā Rūd - e Bālā ; also known as Angetā Rūd ) is a village in Mianrud Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mount Nancy , formerly Mount Amorisgelu , is a mountain located in Grafton County , New Hampshire , on the eastern boundary of the Pemigewasset Wilderness of the White Mountains .
The Harcuvar Mountains are a narrow mountain range in western - central Arizona , USA .
Deh Moghan ( Persian : ده مغان‎ , also Romanized as Deh Moghān ; also known as Daymoqān , Deymoghān , Deymoghū’īyeh , Deymoqū’īyeh , and Moghān ) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Treib is a small lakeside community and landing stage on the shore of Lake Lucerne and in the Swiss canton of Uri .
Boston Regional Medical Center ( often abbreviated to `` Boston Regional '' or `` BRMC '' ) was a 187-bed hospital located in Stoneham , Massachusetts .
Mountain View County is a municipal district in Division No . 6 in the central Alberta , Canada .
The Aroostook Centre Mall is a shopping mall in downtown Presque Isle , Maine , USA .
Borówna ( bɔˈruvna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica Murowana , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
1 Wall Street Court in the Financial District of Manhattan , also known as The Beaver Building and The Cocoa Exchange ( as the former home of the New York Cocoa Exchange ) is a triangular - shaped building reminiscent of the Flatiron Building .
Duninów Duży ( duˈninuf ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rank 's Green or Ranks Green is a hamlet in the Braintree district , in the county of Essex , England .
The St. Michael 's College School Arena is a 1,600-seat hockey arena in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Płońsk County ( Polish : powiat płoński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Dowsborough Camp ( or Danesborough or Dawesbury ) is an Iron Age hill fort on the Quantock Hills near Nether Stowey in Somerset , England .
Before the 2010 municipal redivision , when Panningen became a part of the newly formed municipality of Peel en Maas , it was part of Helden .
Chahar Taq - e Bala ( Persian : چهارطاق بالا‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Ţāq - e Bālā ) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District , Kohanabad District , Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Evelix or Evelick ( Scottish Gaelic : Èibhleag ) is a village near Dornoch in south east Sutherland , Scotland .
Illogan Highway is a village on the A30 main road west of Redruth in Cornwall , England , UK .
The Kamloops Indian Band , also known as the Tk’emlups te Secwepemc , is one of the largest of the 17 groups into which the Secwepemc ( Shuswap ) nation was divided when the Colony of British Columbia established an Indian reserve system in the 1860s .
Lindome is a civil parish and a locality situated in Mölndal Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 13,830 inhabitants in the parish in 2009 ( 11,037 inhabitants in the locality in 2010 ) .
Vaz - e Sofla ( Persian : وازسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Vāz - e Soflá ; also known as Vāz , Vāz - e Pā’īn , Vāz Pā’īn , and Waz ) is a village in Natel - e Restaq Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Damascus Governorate ( Arabic : مُحافظة دمشق‎ Muḥāfaẓat Dimashq ) is one of the 14 governorates of Syria and consists of only the city of Damascus and the suburb of Yarmouk Camp .
Brumstead ( or Brunstead ) is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk .
Athens - Clarke County Correctional Institution is located in Athens , Georgia in Clarke County , Georgia , right next to the Athens Ben Epps Airport .
The Little Red Schoolhouse is a former school building located in Kingman , Arizona , that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 14 , 1986 .
Bartlesville Municipal Airport ( IATA : BVO , ICAO : KBVO , FAA LID : BVO ) is a public use airport in Osage County , Oklahoma , United States .
The Eastman School of Music is a comprehensive school of music located in Rochester , New York .
Qaleh Baha ( Persian : قلعه بها‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Baha '' ; also known as Qal``eh Bahār - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Maviz Rural District , in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 651 , in 171 families .
The Wiarton District High School was a high school in Wiarton , Ontario , which was operated from 1892 to 2006 .
The Masonic Female College and Cokesbury Conference School is a historic building in Cokesbury , South Carolina , that was the home of several different educational institutions in the century from 1854 to 1954 .
Frozen Camp Wildlife Management Area is located on 2,587 acres ( 1,047 ha ) in Jackson County near Ripley , West Virginia .
The San Christoval Range is a 50 km long , jagged mountain range located on the west coast of Moresby Island , British Columbia , Canada .
St Theodore 's Roman Catholic Church , Hampton is a Roman Catholic church on Station Road in Hampton in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Barney Greengrass is a restaurant , deli , and appetizing store located at 541 Amsterdam Avenue ( West 86th Street and West 87th Street ) on the Upper West Side of Manhattan that was started in 1908 .
The Robert Trent Jones Golf Trail is a collection of championship caliber golf courses , designed by Robert Trent Jones , Sr . , distributed across the state of Alabama , as part of investments by the Retirement Systems of Alabama .
West Las Vegas High School ( WLVHS ) is a public senior high school in Las Vegas , New Mexico .
KBCS - FM ( 91.3 FM ) is a public radio station serving the Puget Sound region of Seattle , Washington , USA , and broadcasts in HD Radio at 91.3 MHz with an effective radiated power of 8,000 watts .
Clifton Reynes is a village in the Borough of Milton Keynes , in the ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire , England .
The Naval War College ( NWC or NAVWARCOL ) is the staff college and `` Home of Thought '' for the United States Navy in Newport , Rhode Island .
Carnane is a townland in the parish of Fedamore , in County Limerick , Ireland .
Dineh Rud ( Persian : دينه رود‎ , also Romanized as Dīneh Rūd ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kuhpar - e Olya ( Persian : كوهپرعليا‎ , also Romanized as Kūhpar - e `` Olyā ; also known as Kūhpar - e Bālā ) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 100 , in 35 families .
Morebattle is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , on the B6401 , seven miles south of Kelso , Scottish Borders , beside the Kale Water , a tributary of the River Teviot .
Quartucciu ( Sardinian : Quartu Tucciu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) northeast of Cagliari .
The Eagles Claw Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located on the south coast of the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Plascassier is located between Valbonne ( 2.8 km ) and Grasse ( 7 km ) and only 31 km away from Nice airport .
Rokitno - Majątek ( rɔˈkitnɔ maˈjɔntɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Church of St Margaret of Scotland is a Roman Catholic church on St Margaret 's Road in St Margarets , Twickenham , in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Barangay Bangkulasi was one of the fourteen barangays of the City of Navotas .
Malminkartano ( Malmgård in Swedish ) is a suburb and a quarter in the northern part of Helsinki municipality , part of the Kaarela neighbourhood .
Bisheh Sara ( Persian : بيشه سرا‎ , also Romanized as Bīsheh Sarā ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wilimowo ( viliˈmɔvɔ ) ( German : Wilhelmsthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Galileo Galilei planetarium , commonly known as Planetario , is located in Parque Tres de Febrero in the Palermo district of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
First Day Advent Christian Church is a historic church at the junction of Maryhill Hwy . and Stonehenge Avenue in Maryhill , Washington .
Baduria ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 18 Basirhat ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Hałasówka ( xawaˈsufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
New Brunswick Theological Seminary , which has its main campus in New Brunswick , New Jersey , was founded in 1784 , and is the oldest independent Protestant seminary extant in the United States .
Freezywater is a place in the London Borough of Enfield on the northern boundary of Greater London .
The Murray Falls , a cascade waterfall on the Murray River , is located in the UNESCO World Heritage -- listed Wet Tropics in the Far North region of Queensland , Australia .
Pathimari is a village in Kamrup district , situated on the north bank of river Brahmaputra .
Beecroft Peninsula encompasses an area of about 5250 ha south of the town of Currarong , approximately 200 km south of Sydney , New South Wales .
Jureczkowa ( jurɛt͡ʂˈkɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Хижинка Юречкова Khyzhynka Yurechkova ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , near the border with the Ukraine .
Pieve Emanuele is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south of Milan , and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Pavia .
Bank Chambers is an office building on Portland Street , Manchester , England .
Hadlow is a village in the Medway valley , near Tonbridge , Kent ; it is in the Tonbridge and Malling district .
The Warfield ( also known as The Warfield Theater ) is a 2,300-seat music venue located at 982 Market Street , San Francisco , California .
Hammoon is a small village and civil parish in North Dorset , England , sited on a river terrace of alluvial silt by the River Stour , about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) east of the small town of Sturminster Newton .
Ambalangoda is a coastal town located in Galle District , Southern Province of Sri Lanka .
King George Square is a public square , located between Adelaide Street and Ann Street ( and between two sections of Albert Street ) , in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Siah Kat ( Persian : سياه كت‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Kat ) is a village in Lisar Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The West Coyote Hills are a low mountain range in northern Orange County , California .
Ironbridge is a village on the River Severn , at the heart of the Ironbridge Gorge , in Shropshire , England .
Mollet del Vallès ( Catalan pronunciation : ( muˈʎɛd dəɫ βəˈʎɛs ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Vallès Oriental in Catalonia , Spain .
Rumsko ( ˈrumskɔ ) ( German Rumbske ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Andrenci ( pronounced ( anˈdɾeːntsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerkvenjak in northeastern Slovenia .
Baghalduz - e Olya ( Persian : بغل دوزعليا‎ , also Romanized as Baghaldūz - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Khandan Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 61 , in 20 families .
The Karlsaue Park is a public and inner - city park of 1.50 km2 ( 0.58 sq mi ) in Kassel ( Northern Hesse , Germany ) .
Bandarchuan is a village near Kunkuri in the Jashpur district and earlier of Raigarh district in Chhattisgarh state of India .
Jiangdu District ( simplified Chinese : 江都区 ; traditional Chinese : 江都區 ; pinyin : Jiāngdū Qū ) is one of three districts of Yangzhou , Jiangsu province , China .
Snow College is a rural , two - year state college located in Ephraim , Utah , U.S. It offers certificates and associate degrees in a number of areas , along with a bachelor 's degree in music and a 4 year nursing program .
The Kripalu Center for Yoga & Health is a non - profit organization that operates a health and yoga retreat in Stockbridge , Massachusetts .
Nowe Koprzywno ( ˈnɔvɛ kɔˈpʂɨvnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Homosassa Springs Wildlife State Park is located near Homosassa Springs , Florida , in the United States .
St. Augustine of Canterbury Anglican Church ( formerly St. John 's Episcopal Church ) is a historic church at 230 Salem Street in the South Campus Neighborhood of Chico , California , United States .
KAXE ( 91.7 FM ) is a community licensed public radio station serving Northern Minnesota communities , including Grand Rapids , Brainerd , Bemidji , Virginia , Chisholm and Hibbing .
Lipkowo ( lipˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Lindenhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tanghe County is administered by Nanyang , Henan , People 's Republic of China .
Panorama Towers is a high - rise residential condominium complex located in Paradise , Nevada .
Hopkinsville High School is a four - year public high school located in Hopkinsville , Kentucky , with over 1,000 students .
Wybczyk ( ˈvɨpt͡ʂɨk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Aston Clinton is a village and civil parish close to the main A41 road in Buckinghamshire , England between Tring and Aylesbury .
Giahan ( Persian : گياهان‎ , also Romanized as Gīāhān ) is a village in Rameshk Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Vesht ( Persian : وشت‎ ) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Murray D. Lincoln Campus Center is a high - rise building on the University of Massachusetts Amherst campus , in Amherst , Massachusetts .
Canadian Forces Station Leitrim , also referred to as CFS Leitrim , is a Canadian Forces Station located in the neighbourhood of Leitrim in Ottawa , Ontario .
Congress Green Cemetery is a historic military cemetery in North Bend , Ohio , near Cincinnati .
Cornerstone University is an independent , non - denominational Christian university in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Shine Tidelands State Park is a 13-acre ( 5.3 ha ) Washington state park located in Jefferson County , 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of Port Ludlow .
Guangrao County ( simplified Chinese : 广饶县 ; traditional Chinese : 廣饒縣 ; pinyin : Guǎngráo Xiàn ) is a county of Dongying City in north - central Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Sheverin ( Persian : شورين‎ , also Romanized as Sheverīn , Shavarīn , Shawarīn , Shevarīn , and Shūrīn ) is a village in Sangestan Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Aralan ( Persian : ارلان‎ , also Romanized as Aralān and Arlān ) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Glenmore Reservoir is a large artificial reservoir on the Elbow River in the southwest quadrant of Calgary , Alberta .
Padua Town is an Indian town located on the highway route from Araku , Andhra Pradesh to Jeypore , Odisha .
Podkupientyn ( pɔtkuˈpjɛntɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nakasuk School is one of 4 elementary schools in Iqaluit , Nunavut .
Madamanuru is a village located near Nellore , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Z.C.B.J. Rad Tabor No . 74 , also known as Tabor Hall , is an historic building located south of Dorchester in rural Saline County , Nebraska .
H.F. Miller & Son Tin Box and Can Manufacturing Plant , or the American Can Company , Miller Factory , is a historic can manufacturing plant located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Ross Beatty Junior / Senior High School is the community high school for Cassopolis , Michigan , United States .
Widdrington Station and Stobswood is a village and civil parish in the county of Northumberland , England .
Hill Country State Natural Area ( HCSNA ) preserves 5,369 acres ( 21.73 km2 ) of rugged Hill Country terrain in Bandera County , Texas .
The Pequest Fill is a large railroad embankment on the Lackawanna Cut - Off in northwestern New Jersey , touted at its 1911 completion as the largest railroad fill in the world .
Edmonton Catholic Separate School District No . 7 or the Edmonton Catholic School District ( ECSD ) is the Catholic school board in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Kolonia Gradowska ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɡraˈdɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ulanica ( ulaˈɲit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dynów , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Dobrogoszczyce ( dɔbrɔɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Genoa Generating Station is a base load , coal fired , electrical power station located south of Genoa , Wisconsin in Vernon County .
Bachów ( ˈbaxuf ) ( Ukrainian : Бахів ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Hajji Baghlu ( Persian : حاجي باغلو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bāghlū and Ḩājjībāghlū ) is a village in Hasanlu Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Basab ( Persian : بساب‎ , also Romanized as Basāb ; also known as Besāb Maḩmūdābād and Maḩmūdābād ) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Bardwell 's Ferry Bridge , built in 1882 , is an historic lenticular truss bridge spanning the Deerfield River between the towns of Shelburne and Conway in Franklin County , Massachusetts .
Zagroby - Łętownica ( zaˈɡrɔbɨ wɛntɔvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wola Przewłocka ( ˈvɔla pʂɛˈvwɔt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bonkuy - e Amiri ( Persian : بنكوي اميري‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e Amīrī ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Warrior Rock Light is a lighthouse on Sauvie Island in the U.S. state of Oregon , which helps guide river traffic on the Columbia River around the Portland , Oregon area .
Gurb ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈɡurp ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia , Spain .
KWNG ( 105.9 FM ) is a classic hits radio station in Red Wing , Minnesota , and is owned by Q Media Group , LLC .
Mary Jane Thurston State Park is a 591-acre ( 239 ha ) Ohio state park in Wood and Henry Counties , Ohio in the United States .
Middle Island Presbyterian Church ( now known as Middle Island United Church of Christ ) is a historic Presbyterian church at 271 Middle Country Road in Middle Island , Suffolk County , New York .
Kleinenbroich station is a through station in the town of Korschenbroich in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Peoria Mineral Springs is 14,500-year - old natural spring in the city of Peoria , Illinois , United States .
Lake June in Winter Scrub State Park is a Florida State Park , located approximately seven miles southwest of Lake Placid .
Teignmouth ( /ˈtɪnməθ/ TIN - məth ) is a town and civil parish in Teignbridge in the English county of Devon , situated on the north bank of the estuary mouth of the River Teign about 14 miles south of Exeter .
Tazehabad - e Kord Sara Kuh ( Persian : تازه ابادكردسراكوه‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Kord Sarā Kūh ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pinahat ( Formerly Shreenagar ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Agra district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and situated on the Bank of Chambal River ( The Ghadiyal Sanctuary ) .
Langley Chapel is an Anglican church , built in 1601 , located in a remote area ( the parish of Ruckley and Langley ) approximately 1.5 miles to the south of Acton Burnell , Shropshire , England .
Gom Darreh ( Persian : گمدره‎ ; also known as Gomeh Darreh , Gommeh Darreh , and Gum Darreh ) is a village in Yeylan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mindoo Phillip Park is a multipurpose stadium located in Marchand , Castries , Saint Lucia .
Shukol - e Sahan Ali ( Persian : شوكل صحنعلي‎ , also Romanized as Shūkol - e Şaḥan ʿAlī ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dąbrowa Puzdrowska ( dɔmˈbrɔva puzˈdrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Fort Abraham Lincoln State Park is a North Dakota state park located 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of Mandan , North Dakota , United States .
Dideran ( Persian : ديدران‎ , also Romanized as Dīderān ; also known as Dīdārān ) is a village in Baraan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Le Pâté is an island in shape of high plateau in the archipelago of Îles des Saintes including the commune ( municipality ) of Terre - de - Bas .
Golden Park is a 5,000-seat baseball stadium in Columbus , Georgia , United States , that opened in 1926 .
Nayagram ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( ST ) is part of No . 33 Jhargram ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ( ST ) .
Daran Rural District ( Persian : دهستان داران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Khalazir Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خلازير‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Aftab District , Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Mahjanabad ( Persian : محجن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mahjanābād and Mahjenābād ) is a village in Kamfiruz - e Jonubi Rural District , Kamfiruz District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Royal Tennis Court , Hampton Court Palace is a real tennis court which was built for Henry VIII of England , who played there from 1528 , and is still home to an active tennis club .
List of villages of Saharsa refers to villages in Saharsa district in Bihar
The Hiram Baldwin House , also known as the Baldwin - Wackerle Residence , is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie school home that was constructed in Kenilworth , Illinois in 1905 .
Neill - Mauran House is a historic double house located in the Rittenhouse Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Juist ( German pronunciation : ( ˈjyːst ) ) is an island and municipality in the district of Aurich in Lower Saxony in Germany .
Byszewy ( bɨˈʂɛvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The town is the administrative centre oif Kech District and Turbat Tehsil , the town itself contains one Union council .
Koruzhadeh ( Persian : كروژده‎ , also Romanized as Korūzhadeh ) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District , in the Central District of Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dêgê County ( Tibetan : སྡེ་དགེ , Wylie : sde dge , ZYPY : Dêgê ; Chinese : 德格 ; pinyin : Dégé ) was formerly one of the Kham region 's five independent kingdoms - the Kingdom of Derge - and is now administered as a county in Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in China 's Sichuan province .
Jejur is a gram panchayat under Haripal block in Chandannagar subdivision of Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Yanco Agricultural High School is a co - educational agricultural secondary school located in Yanco in the local government area of Leeton in south western New South Wales .
Gaz - e Gharbi ( Persian : گزغربي‎ , also Romanized as Gaz - e Gharbī ; also known as Gaz ) is a village in Anzan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Windmill Hill Historic District is a historic district encompassing a large rural landscape in Jamestown , Rhode Island .
Landzmierz ( ˈland͡zmjɛʂ ) ( German : Landsmierz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisek , within Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gmina Boćki ( ˈbɔt͡ɕki ) is a rural gmina ( Polish : gmina wiejska ) in Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship .
The Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower ( grid reference SP048835 ) , or simply Old Joe , is a clock tower and campanile located in Chancellor 's court at the University of Birmingham , in the suburb of Edgbaston .
Armstrong Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJF6 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south of Armstrong , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
Pampachiri is a rural district in Andahuaylas Province in the Apurímac Region of southern Peru .
Khujomli ( Persian : خوجملي‎ , also Romanized as Khūjomlī and Khoojamli ; also known as Khojom Bardī - ye Aqdasī and Kojun ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The JC Raulston Arboretum is a 10-acre ( 40,000 m2 ) arboretum and botanical garden administered by North Carolina State University , and located at 4415 Beryl Road , Raleigh , North Carolina .
Champagne Landing is a small Indian settlement on the Alaska Highway ( historical mile 968 , between Whitehorse and Haines Junction ) in Canada 's Yukon .
Ware Airport ( FAA LID : MA53 ) is a privately owned , private - use airport located in the town of Ware , in Worcester County , Massachusetts , USA .
The Colonel Robert A. Smith Monument , located in Hart County , Kentucky , is a monument related to the American Civil War , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
McArthur River Airport , ( TC LID : CKQ8 ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) east of the McArthur River mine , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Stillhouse Hollow Lake is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reservoir on the Lampasas River in the Brazos River basin , 5 miles ( 8 km ) southwest of Belton , Texas , USA .
Chah Amiq - e Tukali Khardeh Maleki ( Persian : چاه عميق توكلي خرده مالكي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh ʿAmīq - e Tūḵalī Khardeh Māleḵī ; also known as Chāh ʿAmīq - e Gald ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
WIVG ( 96.1 FM , `` Bumpin 96 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Tunica , Mississippi , serving the Memphis , Tennessee area with a classic hip hop format .
Kłóbka ( ˈkwupka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mount Sherrill is a mountain located in Greene County , New York and is part of the Catskill Mountains .
A Barca is an abandoned hamlet located in the municipality of Cortegada , Ourense , Galicia , Spain .
Sternenfels , consisting of the villages of Diefenbach and Sternenfels , is the most northern municipality in the Enz ( district ) in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Tignish - Palmer Road is provincial electoral district # 27 , for the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island , Canada .
The Lee - Longsworth House in Bolivar , West Virginia , is an example of the transition from Georgian style architecture to the Federal style .
Umberleigh is a former large manor within the historic hundred of ( North ) Tawton , but today a small village in North Devon in England .
Itter Castle ( German : Schloss Itter ) is a small castle standing on a low knoll in Itter , a town in North Tyrol ( Austria ) , 20 km west of Kitzbühel and 5 km south of Worgl .
Arsi Oromo is one of the branches of the Oromo people inhabiting the Oromia Region , mainly in the Arsi , Mirab Arsi , and Bale Zones , as well as in the Adami Tullu and Jido Kombolcha woreda of Misraq Shewa Zone .
The Leopoldstädter Tempel was the largest synagogue of Vienna , in the district ( Bezirk ) of Leopoldstadt .
Lengehbiz ( Persian : لنگه بيز‎ , also Romanized as Lengehbīz ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Exeter ( i/ˈɛksᵻtər/ ) is a cathedral city in Devon , England with a population of 124,328 ( mid-2014 est . ) .
Lipperscheid ( Luxembourgish : Lëppschent ) is a village in the commune of Bourscheid , in north - eastern Luxembourg .
Arrissoules is village in the district of Yverdon of the Canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
The Nu Wray Inn is an historic hotel located at Burnsville , Yancey County , North Carolina .
Deh Now - e Maragh ( Persian : دهنومراغ‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Marāgh , Dehnow Maragh , Deh Now - ye Marāgh , and Deh - i - Nau Marāgh ) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Desulo , Dèsulu in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) south of Nuoro .
Tatong is a town in north eastern Victoria , Australia .
Beringa Reserve , formerly known as Peniup Creek Reserve , is a 25.06 km2 nature reserve in south - west Western Australia .
Heddeh ( Persian : حده‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeddeh and Ḩaddeh ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Belmond Copacabana Palace is a luxury hotel located on Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
The Church of Saints Paul and Bartholomew is made in 17th century baroque style and located in Alcamo , in the Italian province of Trapani .
Gmina Sulików is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , on the Czech border .
Khoda Afarin County ( شهرستان خداآفرین ) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
WZZL ( 106.7 FM , `` 106 - 7 ZZL Rocks ! '' ) is a radio station licensed to the community of Reidland , Kentucky , and serves the greater Paducah , Kentucky , area .
Adamabad - e Baluchi Now ( Persian : ادم اباد بلوچي نو‎ , also Romanized as Ādamābād - e Balūchī Now ; also known as Ādamābād ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gmina Krzanowice , German Gemeinde Kranowitz is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , on the Czech border .
Bartlow is a small village and civil parish in the South Cambridgeshire district of Cambridgeshire , England , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) south - east of Cambridge and 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of Haverhill in Suffolk .
Hajj Siran ( Persian : حاج سيران‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Sīrān ; also known as Gol Sīrān , Ḩājjī Sīrān , Hajeiseran , Ḩājjsīrān , and Khadzheseyran ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Pain Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
East Stroudsburg Armory , also known as the Captain George M. Kemp Memorial Armory , is a historic National Guard armory located at East Stroudsburg , Monroe County , Pennsylvania .
Naicam is a small town in rural Saskatchewan .
Area codes 678 and 470 are North American Numbering Plan area codes assigned to metropolitan Atlanta , Georgia .
Jackson Lake Lodge is located near Moran in Grand Teton National Park , in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
The Smith Tobacco Barn is a flue - cured tobacco barn in Dillon County , South Carolina .
The Jerome Cooperative Creamery is a cooperative creamery and also refers to historic lava rock structures used by the creamery on Birch Street in Jerome , Idaho , United States .
Kolonie Stanisławów ( kɔˈlɔɲjɛ staniˈswavuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Frank and Matilda Binz House is a historic home in Sarasota , Florida .
Toba Inlet is one of the lesser , but still principal , inlets of the British Columbia Coast .
South Brooklyn is an `` obsolete and imprecise '' historic term for a section of the former City of Brooklyn -- now the New York City borough of Brooklyn -- encompassing what are now the Boerum Hill , Carroll Gardens , Cobble Hill , Gowanus , Park Slope and Red Hook neighborhoods .
The Garden State Discovery Museum is a children 's museum located in Cherry Hill , New Jersey
The Haig Point Range Lights were range lights on Calibogue Sound at the northeastern end of Daufuskie Island in Beaufort County , South Carolina .
Machnatka ( maxˈnatka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lamir - e Sofla ( Persian : لميرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Lamīr - e Soflá ; also known as Lamīr - e Pā’īn , Lomar - e Bālā , and Lomar - e Soflá ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rigby 's La Plaza Historic District is a U.S. historic district ( designated as such on April 25 , 1994 ) located in Sarasota , Florida .
Na Alaj ( Persian : ناعلاج‎ , also Romanized as Nā `` Alāj ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 8 families .
Collier Row is a place in north east London in the London Borough of Havering .
Mazra - e Keymas ( Persian : مزراكيماس‎ , also Romanized as Mazrā''-e Keymās ; also known as Mazra``eh Keymās ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Chunchura ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( earlier spelt as Chinsurah ) is an assembly constituency in Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
The Grand Concourse Apartments is a historic site in Miami Shores , Florida built in 1926 .
Washington Island Airport ( FAA LID : 2P2 ) is a town owned , public use airport located on Washington Island , in the Town of Washington , Door County , Wisconsin , United States .
The Martin Luther Marsh House was built in 1873 , and is located at 254 Boulder Street in Nevada City , in the Gold Country of Nevada County , California .
East Lawn Cemetery and Sherman Burbank Memorial Chapel is a historic cemetery and chapel at 605 Main Street in Williamstown , Massachusetts .
Ganj Dar ( Persian : گنجدر‎ ; also known as Kanj Dar , Konj Dar , and Konjedar ) is a village in Kamazan - e Olya Rural District , Zand District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
KFJM ( 90.7 FM ) is a public radio station in Grand Forks , North Dakota airing an adult album alternative format with news in the mornings , jazz in the late evenings and blues and folk on the weekends .
Brudenell is a community in the township of Brudenell , Lyndoch and Raglan in Renfrew County , Ontario , Canada .
Tagnareh ( Persian : تاگنره‎ , also Romanized as Tāgnareh ; also known as Tāygnar ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sei Bingai is a subdistrict of Langkat Regency .
Boonecroft is a historic homestead located at Exeter Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Kolonia Bujnice ( kɔˈlɔɲa bui̯ˈnit͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Pabst Building was a 14 story , 235 foot tall neo - gothic high - rise building in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Stratford Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Cherrydale neighborhood of Arlington , Virginia .
Belsize Park is an area of north - west London , England , in the London Borough of Camden .
Bartolin ( barˈtɔlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Wola Wysoka ( ˈvɔla vɨˈsɔka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dead Horse Ranch State Park is a state park of Arizona , United States , on the Verde River in an area known as the Verde River Greenway .
Logy Bay Road also known as Newfoundland and Labrador Route 30 , is a major road in the city of St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador .
Lion 's Den Gorge Nature Preserve is a 73-acre public park located in Ozaukee County , Wisconsin , running adjacent to Lake Michigan for 0.7 miles near the village of Grafton and city of Port Washington .
Graiguenamanagh or Graignamanagh ( Irish : Gráig na Manach , meaning `` village of the monks '' ) is a town in County Kilkenny , Ireland .
John Ball Zoological Garden is an urban park located on the west side of the city of Grand Rapids , Michigan , United States .
Smarchowice Małe ( smarxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German Deutsch Marchwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
KBKB - FM ( 101.7 FM ) is a radio station serving the communities of Fort Madison , Burlington and Keokuk , Iowa .
Estabraq ( Persian : استبرق‎ ; also known as Mazrā ) is a village in Estabraq Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mead Hall Episcopal School is a private , 3K--12 coeducational college preparatory school located over two campuses in Aiken , South Carolina .
Orpiszew ( ɔrˈpiʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Rossall is a settlement in Lancashire , England and a suburb of the market town of Fleetwood .
The Hume School is an 1891 former school building in the Arlington Ridge neighborhood in Arlington County , Virginia .
Chatsworth Community Church is a Los Angeles Historic - Cultural Monument in the Chatsworth section of Los Angeles , California .
Gramada Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Грамада ) is a small municipality ( obshtina ) in Vidin Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the Danubian Plain about 8 km southwest of Danube river .
Darreh Howz ( Persian : دره حوض‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Ḩowẕ ; also known as `` Abdolābād ) is a village in Karchambu - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 194 , in 39 families .
The Ion Țiriac Sports Complex is an outdoor sporting venue in Brașov , Romania , operated by the Brașov Sports High School , located within the same area .
Rossleigh Court , constructed between 1906 and 1907 , currently is a rental apartment building located on the northwest corner of 85th Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City .
Tadworth is a large suburban village in Surrey in the south - east of the Epsom Downs , part of the North Downs .
Judson Moss Bemis House , also known as Hearthstone Inn , is a historic Queen Anne house in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Golden State Baptist College ( GSBC ) is an Independent Fundamental Baptist Bible college in Santa Clara , California , offering bachelor 's degrees and master 's degree programs in fields related to Christian ministry .
The Selway - Bitterroot Wilderness is a protected wilderness area in the states of Idaho and Montana , in the northwestern United States .
Hwasun County ( 화순군 ; Hwasun - gun ) is a county in South Jeolla Province , South Korea .
Moyvane ( Irish : Maigh Mheáin , meaning `` main or middle plain '' ) is a small village in County Kerry in the south west of Ireland .
The Joseph Herman Rubblestone Barn is a historic barn located in Tabor , South Dakota , United States .
National Enameling and Stamping Company is a historic factory complex located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
PRR 4876 is a GG1-class electric locomotive located at the B&O Railroad Museum in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Pingjiang Subdistrict ( Chinese : 平江街道 ) is a township - level division of Gusu District , Suzhou , Jiangsu , China .
Hasan Kohal ( Persian : حسن كهل‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Kohal ) is a village in Ujan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Orange Route runs from the Netherlands initially through the states of North Rhine - Westphalia , Rhineland - Palatinate and Hesse , first in a southerly , then in a northeasterly direction in order to head for Lower Saxony , Saxony - Anhalt , Brandenburg and Berlin .
Gen. John F. Reynolds School is a historic school building located in the North Central neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
WDRQ is an FM radio station in Detroit , Michigan broadcasting a country format as `` Nash FM 93 - 1 '' .
Al - Fayhaa Stadium ( Arabic : ملعب الفيحاء‎ ) is a multi - use stadium in Damascus , Syria , currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home venue of Barada SC football team .
The Dr. Leonard Hall House was a private resident located at 334 West Main Street ( M-34 ) in Hudson in westernmost Lenawee County , Michigan .
Rim Ping ( Thai : ริมปิง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lamphun District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 10 people .
The Östliches Ringgebiet is a Stadtbezirk ( city district ) in the eastern part of Braunschweig , Germany .
Iwla ( ˈivla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Hay El Hassani is a quartier of Casablanca , Morocco .
Laru Sar ( Persian : لاروسر‎ , also Romanized as Lārū Sar ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Łubienko ( wuˈbjɛŋkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Zardanjir ( Persian : زردانجير‎ , also Romanized as Zardānjīr ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Twin Shaft disaster occurred in the Newton Coal Company 's Twin Shaft Colliery in Pittston , Pennsylvania on June 28 , 1896 , when a massive cave - in killed fifty - eight miners .
Redy ( ˈrɛdɨ ) ( German : Retsch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pico Island ( Ilha do Pico , Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈiʎɐ du ˈpiku ) ) , is an island in the Central Group of the Portuguese Azores .
The American Shakespeare Theatre was a theater company based in Stratford , Connecticut , United States .
Sea Cliff Village Hall , Library and Museum Complex is a historic civic building complex located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County , New York .
Manor Park railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line at Manor Park in the London Borough of Newham , east London .
Cwmdauddwr ( rarely referred to by its correct full name of Llansanffraid Cwmteuddwr ) is a village in Powys , Wales .
Sudragi ( suˈdraɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Eola Hills are a range of hills northwest of Salem , Oregon , United States .
Gigney is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France , and lies 302 km to the east of Paris .
The Vineyard Theatre is an Off - Broadway non - profit theatre company , located at 108 East 15th Street in Manhattan , New York City , near Union Square .
Dambdaf - e Miran ( Persian : دمبدف ميران‎ , also Romanized as Dambdaf - e Mīrān ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sarab - e Musi ( Persian : سراب موسي‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Mūsī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Oughterard ( Irish : Uachtar Ard ) is a small town on the banks of the Owenriff River close to the western shore of Lough Corrib in County Galway , Ireland .
Warwick Academy is the oldest school in Bermuda and one of the oldest in the Western Hemisphere , established in 1662 .
Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium is a historic performance and meeting venue at 705 Elvis Presley Boulevard in Shreveport , Louisiana .
Upton Town Hall is a historic town hall at 1 Main Street in Upton , Massachusetts .
Mākaha Beach Park is a white sand beach in Mākaha , Hawaii , the neighbor of the beaches southeast of Ka``ena Point such as Yokohama Bay ( Keawa``ula Beach ) and Mākua Beach . It has good surf in winter .
Formerly the Town of Saint Michael , the Greater Bridgetown area is located within the parish of Saint Michael .
Cockerham is a small village and civil parish within the City of Lancaster in Lancashire , England .
The Gabbs Valley Range is a mountain range in the west of the central Nevada desert in the Great Basin region .
The Lansing Metal Center was a General Motors foundry located in Lansing Township , Michigan directly across Saginaw Street from the Lansing Craft Centre .
Knik TV Mast , located near Knik , Alaska , is a 246 metres ( 807 ft ) tall guyed mast used for FM radio and television broadcasting .
Carter - Worth House and Farm , also known as Armstrong Farm , Upper Plantation , Francis Worth Farm , and Tall Pine Farm , is a historic home and farm located in East Bradford Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Stonecoal Lake Wildlife Management Area is located on 2,985 acres ( 1,208 ha ) east of Weston , West Virginia in Lewis and Upshur counties .
Ludwigslust Palace ( German : Schloss Ludwigslust ) is a stately home or schloss in the town of Ludwigslust , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , northern Germany .
Špilberk Castle ( German : Spielberg ) is a castle on the hilltop in Brno , Southern Moravia .
Dębowina ( dɛmbɔˈvʲina ) ( German : Eichau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bardo , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kilomeni is a ward in the Mwanga District of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania and is situated in the Pare Mountains .
Eudunda is a rural town in South Australia , roughly 103 kilometres northeast of Adelaide , established in 1870 after settlers began moving into the area in the 1860s .
Gzowice - Kolonia ( ɡzɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia - Letnisko , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rainow is a village and civil parish in Cheshire , England , in the valley of the River Dean and next to the B5470 road between Macclesfield and Kettleshulme .
The Yorba Linda Fault or Yorba Linda Trend is a fault system that extends from northeast Yorba Linda , California to the southeastern portion of the Chino Hills range and Chino Hills ( city ) , in Orange County , California .
The Milltown Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district , serving students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Milltown , in Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States .
Rotary Botanical Gardens is a non - profit 20-acre ( 81,000 m2 ) botanical garden located in Janesville , Wisconsin that is open to the public .
Qaleh Now - e Andarekh ( Persian : قلعه نواندرخ‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Now - e Āndarekh ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 153 , in 40 families .
Siah Darreh 1 Farhadi ( Persian : سياه دره 1 فرهادي‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Darreh 1 Farhādī ; also known as Sīāh Darreh - ye Farhādī and Sīāh Darreh - ye Yek ) is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Coleman University is a private , non - profit institution , centered in Information Technology education located in San Diego , California .
WICN ( 90.5 FM ) , is a National Public Radio member station in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Grist Lake Airport , ( TC LID : CFY2 ) , was located next to Grist Lake , Alberta , Canada .
The Musée Granet is a museum in the quartier Mazarin , Aix - en - Provence , France devoted to painting , sculpture and archeology .
Sefid Khani Ahmedvand ( Persian : سفيدخاني احمدوند‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī Āḥmedvand ; also known as Krūbaneh ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bévéra source is in the Maritime Alps , near Moulinet in the French Alpes - Maritimes department .
The Traffic Bridge was a truss bridge that spanned South Saskatchewan River , connecting Victoria Avenue to 3rd Avenue South and Spadina Crescent in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Marble Canyon Airport ( FAA LID : L41 ) , is a privately owned , public - use airport located one nm south west of the CBD of Marble Canyon , in Coconino County , Arizona , United States .
Rock Mary , in Caddo County , Oklahoma , was a prominent landmark on the California Road .
Bamrud ( Persian : بمرود‎ , also Romanized as Bamrūd and Bemrood ; also known as Banamrūd ) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Zanjiran ( Persian : زنجيران‎ , also Romanized as Zanjīrān ) is a village in Khenejin Rural District , in the Central District of Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Piranshahi ( Persian : پيرانشاهي‎ , also Romanized as Pīrānshāhī ; also known as Pīrūn Shāh ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Aghdarreh ( Persian : اغدره‎ , also Romanized as Āghdarreh ; also known as Āghdaraq ) is a village in Dizaj Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pracze ( ˈprat͡ʂɛ ) ( German : Protsch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Old Lenox High School building is a historic school building at 109 Housatonic Street in Lenox , Massachusetts .
The House at 17 Cranston Street in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , is an architecturally eclectic and distinctive 12-sided structure .
Battlesbridge is a village in Essex , England in the civil parish of Rettendon .
Huai Pu Ling ( Thai : ห้วยปูลิง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Mae Hong Son District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
Denholme is a small town and civil parish in the Bradford Metropolitan Borough , West Yorkshire , England .
Fridalen Church ( Norwegian : Fridalen kirke ) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Crystal River 3 Nuclear Power Plant , also simply called the Crystal River Nuclear Plant , is a closed nuclear power plant located in Crystal River , Florida .
Biate is a census town in Serchhip district in the state of Mizoram , India .
Ormaiztegi is a town and municipality located in the comarca of Goierri , of the Gipuzkoa province , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Ryarsh is a village and civil parish in the local government district of Tonbridge and Malling in Kent , England .
Stare Płowki ( ˈstarɛ ˈpwɔfki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Robbers Roost was an outlaw hideout in southeastern Utah used mostly by Butch Cassidy and his Wild Bunch gang in the closing years of the Old West .
Farm to Market Road 2234 is a state highway the U.S. state of Texas .
Birsemore is a village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland opposite Aboyne on the River Dee .
The Taihang Mountains ( Chinese : 太行山 ; pinyin : Tàiháng Shān ) are a Chinese mountain range running down the eastern edge of the Loess Plateau in Shanxi , Henan and Hebei provinces .
Jafarabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جعفرآباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jafarabad District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
The Port of Brookings Harbor is the port authority for the city of Brookings , Oregon , United States , and serving the neighboring community of Harbor .
Beacon Street is a major thoroughfare in Boston , Massachusetts and several of its western suburbs .
Lutogniewice ( lutɔɡɲɛˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Schönfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech and German borders .
The Crandall Houses at 112 and 136 E. 200 North in Springville , Utah are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Wrington is a village and both a civil and an ecclesiastical parish in North Somerset , England .
Noord - Polsbroek is a former village and municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht .
WMPA ( 93.1 FM ) is a country format radio station operating on 93.1 MHz . It is licensed to Ferrysburg , Michigan .
Jinshan District , is a suburban district of southwestern Shanghai , neighboring Zhejiang province and Hangzhou Bay .
Hinckley Reservoir serves water to 130,000 people in the Greater Utica , New York area .
Freehold Raceway Mall is a super - regional mall in Freehold , New Jersey , United States .
The Lower Rio Grande Valley National Wildlife Refuge is a 90,788-acre ( 367.41 km2 ) National Wildlife Refuge located in the Lower Rio Grande Valley region of southern Texas .
Fort Duurstede is a 17th - century Dutch fort in Saparua , Indonesia The fort originally protected Saparoea village .
Zajat ( Persian : زاجات‎ , also Romanized as Zājāt ) is a village in Rabatat Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Wichita South High School , known locally as South , is a fully accredited high school , serving students in grades 9 - 12 , located in Wichita , Kansas .
Villalonga ( Spanish : ( biʎaˈloŋɡa ) ) or Vilallonga ( Valencian : ( ˌvilaˈʎoŋɡa ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Saint - Étienne - de - Baïgorry ( Basque : Baigorri ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France , located at the same time in the former province of Lower Navarre .
KBWD ( 1380 AM , `` Magic 1380 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Brownwood , Texas , USA .
Aur Atoll ( Marshallese : Aur , ( ɑ̯ɑ͡ɒu̯u͡ɯrˠ ) ) is a coral atoll of 42 islands in the Pacific Ocean , and forms a legislative district of the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands .
Przedwojów ( pʂɛdˈvɔjuf ) ( German : Reichhennersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra , within Kamienna Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Joseph Bosch Building is a commercial structure located at 302 Calumet Avenue in the Lake Linden Historic District in Lake Linden , Michigan .
Funtown Splashtown USA ( commonly referred to as just `` Funtown '' ) is a family - owned amusement park located in Saco , Maine , in the United States .
Montmartre ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃.maʁtʁ ) ) is a large hill in Paris 's 18th arrondissement .
Grimes Airport ( FAA LID : 8N1 ) is a privately owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) east of the central business district of Bethel , in Berks County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Hillsdale Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade in Hillsdale , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
The John Chambers House is an originally residential building located at 90 North State Street in St. Ignace , Michigan .
The Dallas North Tollway ( DNT , or simply the Tollway ) is a 30.2-mile ( 49 km ) controlled - access toll road operated by the North Texas Tollway Authority ( NTTA ) , which runs from Interstate 35E near downtown Dallas , Texas ( USA ) , to U.S. Highway 380 , in Frisco , Texas .
Drumcliff or Drumcliffe ( Irish : Droim Chliabh , meaning `` ridge of the baskets '' ) is a village in County Sligo , Ireland .
Santo Antônio das Missões ( Portuguese meaning `` Saint Anthony of the missions '' ) is a municipality in the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
The New Gallery ( TNG ) is a non - commercial artist - run centre that presents and promotes contemporary art in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Stare Lewkowo ( ˈstarɛ lɛfˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus , on the river Narewka .
Ahammadkati ( also spelled Ahammedkati or Ahmadkati , Bengali : আহমদকাটী ) is a village and mouza in Gaurnadi Upazila in the Barisal District of southern - central Bangladesh .
Smisby is an ancient manor , civil parish and small village in South Derbyshire , England .
The Shepherds Flat Wind Farm is an 845 megawatt ( MW ) wind farm in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Altdahn Castle ( German : Burg Altdahn ) is a castle ruin in the Palatinate Forest , the German part of the Wasgau region , and is located near the town of Dahn in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The AIA Central , formerly called AIG Tower , ( Chinese : 友邦金融中心 ) in Hong Kong is a 185-metre ( 607 ft . ) , 37-storey skyscraper that was completed in 2005 .
CKWM - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting from Kentville , Nova Scotia at 94.9 FM .
Sackville Memorial Hospital is a Canadian hospital located in the town of Sackville , New Brunswick .
Until January 1 , 2007 , Hirtshals was also the seat of Hirtshals Municipality which was merged with existing Hjørring , Løkken - Vrå , and Sindal municipalities to form an enlarged Hjørring Municipality .
The Finland State Forest is a state forest located near the unincorporated community of Finland in Lake and Cook counties , Minnesota .
Nossal High School is a state government selective school in Victoria , Australia .
Mohareh ( Persian : محاره‎ , also Romanized as Moḥāreh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Allison Ranger Station is a Forest Service compound consisting of eight rustic buildings located in the Malheur National Forest in the Ochoco Mountains of eastern Oregon .
Brownsburg High School is a public high school in Brownsburg , Indiana , United States within the Brownsburg Community School Corporation .
Bachmatówka ( baxmaˈtufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Tombu Shomali ( Persian : تنبوشمالي‎ , also Romanized as Tombū Shomālī and Tombū Shemālī ) is a village in Kushk - e Nar Rural District , Kushk - e Nar District , Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Savannah National Wildlife Refuge is a 29,175 acre ( 118 km² ) National Wildlife Refuge located in Chatham and Effingham counties in Georgia and Jasper County in South Carolina .
Compton / Woodley Airport ( IATA : CPM , ICAO : KCPM , FAA LID : CPM ) is a county - owned public - use airport located two miles southwest of downtown Compton , in southern Los Angeles County , California .
Étaples or Étaples - sur - Mer ( ( etapl ) ; Dutch : Stapel ) is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in northern France .
Aq Toqeh ( Persian : آق تقه‎ , also Romanized as Āq Toqeh , Āqtūgeh , and Āq Tūqeh ; also known as Āqloqqeh and Āq Toqeh - ye Jadīd ) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District , Pishkamar District , Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
NorthPark Center is a large enclosed upscale shopping mall located in Dallas , Texas ( United States ) .
Centre Hastings Secondary School ( CHSS ) is a high school located in Madoc , Ontario in Hastings County serving 200 + students from across Centre Hastings .
Rivand Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ريوند‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ninoshima ( 似島 ) is an island in the Seto Inland Sea , located near Hiroshima .
Gevey ( Persian : گوي‎ ) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jaśkowice Legnickie ( jaɕkɔˈvit͡sɛ lɛɡˈnit͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Jeschkendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Propulsion and Structural Test Facility is a facility of the George C. Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama .
Upland Park is a public park located at 3014 Jefferson Street in South Omaha , Nebraska .
Qarah Jaqayah ( Persian : قره جاقيه‎ , also Romanized as Qarā Jāqayah ; also known as Qarājeh Qeyeh ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Castro Daire ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈkaʃtɾu ˈðajɾ(ɨ ) ) ) is a municipality in Viseu District in Portugal .
The Cathedral Range State Park is located in Victoria , Australia , approximately 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) north - east from Melbourne .
Farm to Market Road 2576 ( FM 2576 ) is a farm - to - market road in Crosby County , Texas .
Daftah is a village near Masafi in the United Arab Emirates and ruled by Ras al - Khaimah Emirate .
Malledevarapura is a tiny village of Hassan district in Karnataka .
The Lowell Creek Diversion Tunnel is a flood control project located in Seward , Alaska , United States .
Joe Kegans State Jail is a state jail of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice located along the northeast edge of Downtown Houston , Texas .
Lutterbeck is a small community about 4 km north of Moringen in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Budy Stryjewskie ( ˈbudɨ strɨˈjɛfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Houston Arboretum and Nature Center ( 155 acres ) is a non - profit arboretum and nature center located in Memorial Park at 4501 Woodway Drive , Houston , Texas .
Bantkhani is a village in Alwar district of Rajasthan state in India with a population of around 3000 .
Münchner Volkstheater is a theatre in Munich , Germany which is operated by the cultural office of that city 's government .
WDAD is a radio station in Indiana County , Pennsylvania , serving Indiana , Cambria , and Westmoreland counties .
Lycée Jean - Piaget is a French - language secondary school in Neuchâtel , Switzerland .
Baqerabad - e Fazel ( Persian : باقرابادفاضل‎ , also Romanized as Bāqerābād - e Fāẕel ; also known as Bāqerābād ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Kuttimannilbethel is a village located near Kalanjoor in Pathanamthitta district , Kerala , India .
Menameradiel ( pronunciation ) ( Dutch : Menaldumadeel ) is a municipality in Friesland , the Netherlands .
Shankharapur is a municipality in the Central development region of Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of Nepal .
Hoseyniyeh - ye Mashkur ( Persian : حسينيه مشكور‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh - ye Mashkūr ) is a village in Azadeh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rahara ( Irish : Ráth Ara , meaning `` fort of the charioter '' ) is a village in County Roscommon , Ireland .
The Wheatfield Fork Gualala River is a 35.1-mile - long ( 56.5 km ) stream in the mountains of western Sonoma County , California which empties into the South Fork Gualala River just east of Sea Ranch , California .
Arthingworth is a civil parish and village in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire , England .
Wadebridge ( Cornish : Ponswad ) is a civil parish and town in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Sagamore Bridge in Sagamore , Massachusetts carries U.S. Route 6 ( US 6 ) across the Cape Cod Canal , connecting Cape Cod with the mainland of Massachusetts .
The Canton City School District is a public school district serving students in Canton , Ohio , The school district enrolls 9,087 students as of the 2014 - 2015 academic year .
Żerosławice ( ʐɛrɔswaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciechowice , within Myślenice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Tsuen Wan Town Hall ( Chinese : 荃灣大會堂 ) is a town hall in Tsuen Wan , New Territories , Hong Kong .
The Victor Harbor Road ( A13 ) is a major road in Adelaide , South Australia that runs south from Main South Road at Old Noarlunga in the southern Adelaide Metropolitan Area to Victor Harbor on the Fleurieu Peninsula .
Little Snoring is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , England .
Bajekan is a village in Sirsa district in the Indian state of Haryana named after Baaz - E - Khan Cheema .
The Hazelton Mountains are a grouping of mountain ranges on the inland lee of the Kitimat Ranges of the Coast Mountains in northwestern British Columbia , Canada , spanning the area of Hazelton south to the Nechako Reservoir .
Inventionland is an `` idea incubator '' ( also billed as an `` invention factory '' ) that operates in an exclusive partnership with Davison Design & Development and is located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Vanamadevi ( Tamil : வானமாதேவி ) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district , state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Qaleh - ye Tut ( Persian : قلعه توت‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Tūt ) is a village in Badranlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 151 , in 42 families .
Imer Mohammad ( Persian : ايمرمحمد‎ , also romanized as Īmer Moḩammad ) is a village in Bagheli - ye Marama Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Schramm Park State Recreation Area is a state recreation area in southeast Nebraska , United States , on the north side of the Platte River in Sarpy County .
Kicznia ( ˈkʲit͡ʂɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Northfield Center Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at the western terminus of Parker Avenue in Northfield , Massachusetts .
The Snoqualmie Tunnel is an abandoned railroad tunnel at Snoqualmie Pass at the border of King County and Kittitas County in Washington State located at 47 ° 23.718′N 121 ° 26.677′W. It is 2.3 miles ( 3.7 km ) long .
Parsippany Hills High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school in the township of Parsippany - Troy Hills , in Morris County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grade as one of the two secondary schools of the Parsippany - Troy Hills School District .
Õle is a village in Kareda Parish , Järva County in northern - central Estonia .
Oaklawn Cemetery was the first public burial ground in Tampa , Florida , USA .
Feisthamel - Edelberg Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown , Franklin County , New York .
Alubon ( Persian : الوبن‎ , also Romanized as Alūbon ; also known as Ālūman ) is a village in Blukat Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Coperchia is the most populated parish of Pellezzano , in the Province of Salerno .
Sayreville War Memorial High School ( SWMHS ) is a four - year community public high school located in the Parlin section of Sayreville , in Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as the lone secondary school of the Sayreville Public Schools district .
Poeppel Corner ( known as Poeppel 's Corner in Queensland ) at latitude 26 ° S and longitude 138 ° E is a corner of state boundaries in Australia , where the state of Queensland meets South Australia and the Northern Territory .
The Bruno Creek Tailings Impoundment is a tailings dam on Bruno Creek , 19 mi ( 31 km ) southwest of Challis in Custer County , Idaho .
Immanuel Hall , previously known as Immanuel Evangelical Church , is a historic Late Gothic Revival church in the Carpenter Gothic style located in Hinsdale , Illinois .
The DuPont - Whitehouse House is an Italianate - style house located at 3558 South Artesian Avenue in the McKinley Park neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Udegolam is a village in the Siraguppa taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka state , India .
Truxton Circle is a neighborhood of Northwest Washington , D.C. , bordered by New Jersey Avenue to the west , Florida Avenue to the north , New York Avenue to the South , and North Capitol Street to the East .
WYFU ( 88.5 FM ) is a Bible Broadcasting Network affiliated broadcast radio station licensed to Masontown , Pennsylvania , serving south - western Pennsylvania and northern North - Central West Virginia .
The Couture is a proposed apartment high - rise in Downtown Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
The Cedar Lakes are a series of small lakes in geographic Palmer Township in the Unorganized North Part of Algoma in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
The Old Medford High School is a historic high school building at 48 - -64 Forest Street in Medford , Massachusetts .
Center Street A.M.E. Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion church located on S. Center Street in Statesville , Iredell County , North Carolina .
The Deadman Hills are a low mountain range in the central Mojave Desert , in San Bernardino County , southern California .
Davazdahi ( Persian : دوازدهي‎ , also Romanized as Davāzdahī ) is a village in Fahlian Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Yankee Cannonball is a wooden out - and - back roller coaster built in 1930 at Lakewood Park and relocated in 1936 to Canobie Lake Park , Salem , New Hampshire .
OSF St. Joseph Medical Center is a 149-bed Level II trauma center hospital complex in Bloomington , Illinois , and is part of the OSF Healthcare System .
Blankenese is a former independent town , now a suburban quarter in the borough Altona in the western part of Hamburg ( Germany ) .
Emancipation Oak is a historic tree on the campus of Hampton University in what is now the City of Hampton , Virginia in the United States .
Psevdas ( Greek : Ψευδάς ( locally ( psefˈtas ) ) ) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus , located 4 km east of Mosfiloti .
The Boulevard Barbès is a boulevard in the 18th arrondissement of Paris .
Meymun Darreh ( Persian : ميموندره‎ , also Romanized as Meymūn Darreh ; also known as Mehmāndār , Mehmāndarreh , Mihmūndar , and Mikhmundar ) is a village in Abharrud Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Mkpat - Enin is located in the south east of Nigeria and is a town and a Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State .
Rygnestad is a village by the Norwegian National Road 9 in the municipality of Valle in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
Germi County ( Persian : شهرستان گرمی‎ ) is a county in Ardabil Province in Iran .
Trajan 's Forum ( Latin : Forum Traiani ) was the last of the Imperial fora to be constructed in ancient Rome .
St. Joseph Central Catholic High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school in Huntington , West Virginia .
The Liberty School No . 4 , Friendship Building is a former elementary school ( now a Montessori school ) in the Friendship neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania is a building from 1899 .
Ab Khvordeh ( Persian : ابخورده‎ , also Romanized as Āb Khvordeh ; also known as Āb Khowrd ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Traditionsbetriebswerk Stassfurt ( Stassfurt Heritage Locomotive Depot ) is a German railway motive power depot at Stassfurt in the state of Saxony - Anhalt that was opened in 1856 .
Voisey 's Bay Mine is a nickel mine in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador , near the bay of the same name .
Teisnach is a larger municipality in the district of Regen in Bavaria in Germany .
The Observatory Building , also known as the Van Ginkel Building , was a skyscraper located in downtown Des Moines , Iowa .
The Arrecifes de Cozumel National Park is off the coast of the island of Cozumel in the state of Quintana Roo , Mexico .
The Paddock Club was a dance / night club located at 1008-B Dickinson Avenue in Greenville , North Carolina which catered primarily to the gay and lesbian community of Greenville and all of Eastern North Carolina .
Osmola ( ɔsˈmɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Doncaster Round Barn , also called `` Bayers ' Barn '' and `` the Round Barn at Twin Bridges '' is a three - story , wood framed round barn located about 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) north of Twin Bridges , Montana .
Archutowo ( arxuˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Alexandrovsk - Sakhalinsky District ( Russian : Алекса́ндровск-Сахали́нский райо́н ) is an administrative district ( raion ) of Sakhalin Oblast , Russia , one of the seventeen in the oblast .
Middle Bridge is the crossing of Blue Mesa Reservoir ( the Gunnison River ) on U.S. Highway 50 near Sapinero , Colorado .
Retirement Farm , also known as the James M. Vandergrift Farm , is a historic home and farm located at Odessa , New Castle County , Delaware .
The State Bank of Antler , located on Antler Square in Antler , North Dakota , was built in 1905 .
Yavorets is a village in Gabrovo Municipality , in Gabrovo Province , in northern central Bulgaria .
The Flushing Meadows Carousel is a carousel located in Flushing Meadows - Corona Park in the New York City borough of Queens .
Bicholim , pronounced ( ( ɖicoːlĩː ) ) is a city and a municipal council in North Goa district in the state of Goa , India .
Vesper Cliff ( also known as Tioga Terrace , Glenbetsy , and Robert C. John House ) an architecturally distinguished Greek Revival - style residence located immediately outside of the Town of Owego in Tioga County , New York .
The Norad Mill is a historic mill located at 60 Roberts Drive , between Massachusetts Avenue and Route 2 ( State Road ) , in North Adams , Massachusetts .
Fluvanna Correctional Center for Women is a prison operated by the Virginia Department of Corrections .
Girgajny ( ɡirˈɡai̯nɨ ) ( German Gergehnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Springdale Municipal Airport ( IATA : SPZ , ICAO : KASG , FAA LID : ASG ) is a public use airport in Washington County , Arkansas , United States .
Farm to Market Road 2011 or FM 2011 is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from FM 1716 near Lake Cherokee northwest to FM 2087 near Kilgore .
Kokkireni is a village name originated from ( Korkela+redu),Here redu means the Raju(Parvathi Ramalingeswara swamy ) in Munagala Mandal , Nalgonda district , Telangana , Pin:508233 , India .
Kentland Farm Historic and Archeological District is a historic home , archaeological site , and national historic district located near Blacksburg , Montgomery County , Virginia .
Seh Qaleh District ( Persian : بخش سه‌قلعه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Brodek ( ˈbrɔdɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyśmierzyce , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
CommuniCore was a pavilion dedicated to technological advance located at EPCOT Center in Walt Disney World , Florida .
The Moolah Cinema and Lounge ( originally Moolah Temple of the Mystic Shrine ) is a historic building located at 3821 Lindell , in St. Louis , Missouri .
Advocate Lutheran General Hospital ( ALGH ) is a 645-bed non - profit teaching hospital located in the Chicago suburb of Park Ridge , Illinois .
Thambithoppu is a small village located in the town of Kalakkad , Tamil Nadu , India .
Watson School is a Sonoma County Regional Parks Department historic park , covering approximately 0.75 acres ( 0.30 ha ) , located about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) east of Bodega , California , on the south side of the road , at 15000 Bodega Highway in Sonoma County , California , United States .
Tarfayeh ( Persian : طرفايه‎ , also Romanized as Ţarfāyeh ) is a village in Muran Rural District , in the Soveyseh District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Amarillo Civic Center is a multi - purpose convention center in Amarillo , Texas .
The Nipissing - North Arm Orienteering Trail is a 30-kilometre ( 19 mi ) backpacking route across rugged wilderness in The Massasauga Provincial Park , Ontario , Canada .
Polskowola ( pɔlskɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąkolewnica Wschodnia , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Zwiastowice ( zvjastɔˈvit͡sɛ ) , German Schwesterwitz , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Bychawka Pierwsza ( bɨˈxafka ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wytowno - Kolonia ( vɨˈtɔvnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Prusicko ( pruˈɕit͡skɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo is a specialized municipality located in northeastern Alberta .
Cham Zard - e Mahizan ( Persian : چمزردماهيزان‎ , also Romanized as Cham Zard - e Māhīzān ; also known as Cham Zard ) is a village in Helilan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Darreh - ye Mir Nasr ( Persian : داره ميرناصر‎ , also Romanized as Dārreh - ye Mīr Nāṣr ) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Kalingapatty is a panchayat Village in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
155 North Wacker is a 48 story skyscraper located in Chicago , Illinois designed by Goettsch Partners and was developed by the John Buck Company .
Taqavi ( Persian : تقوي‎ , also Romanized as Taqavī ) is a village in Kuhpayeh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Ziemowity ( ʑemɔˈvitɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
It is the seat of the prefecture of the Haut - Rhin department and the arrondissement of Colmar - Ribeauvillé .
Backford is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Seftejan ( Persian : سفتجان‎ , also Romanized as Seftejān and Seft Jān ; also known as Şefatgūn and Sīfatgūn ) is a village in Varzaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Maroondah Dam is a rock foundation concrete gravity dam with an uncontrolled rock chute spillway across the Watts River , located in the Central region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Orzeń ( ˈɔʐɛɲ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Thunderbox Gold Mine is a gold mine 41 km south - east of Leinster , Western Australia .
Suyu District ( simplified Chinese : 宿豫区 ; traditional Chinese : 宿豫區 ; pinyin : Sùyù Qū ) is one of two districts of Suqian , Jiangsu province , China .
Hamel 's Amusement Park was one of the few amusement parks in the state of Louisiana for more than 35 years .
Kalavangah ( Persian : كلاونگاه‎ , also Romanized as Kalāvangāh and Kalāvengāh ; also known as Kalāvanga and Kalāvengā ) is a village in Owzrud Rural District , Baladeh District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Knights of Pythias Pavilion in Franklin , Tennessee , also known as Carlisle House , is a Classical Revival architecture building designed by Henry Gibel and built in 1897 .
Arangottukara is a small town in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala , India on the border between palghat and thrissur districts .
Sar Gandab - e Sofla ( Persian : سرگنداب سفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Sar Gandāb - e Soflá ; also known as Sar Gandāb ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hoseynabad - e Surmaq ( Persian : حسين ابادسورمق‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Sūrmaq ; also known as Hosein Abad Soormagh and Ḩoseynābād - e Sūrmag ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Building at 614 Main Street in Barnstable , Massachusetts is a modest commercial building built in 1910 , during the area 's main period of development as a commercial district .
The Llotja de la Seda ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈʎɔdʒa ðe la ˈseða ) , Spanish : Lonja de la Seda , English `` Silk Exchange '' ) is a late Valencian Gothic style civil building in Valencia , Spain , built between 1482 and 1548 , and one of the principal tourist attractions in the city .
Natel Kenar - e Sofla Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ناتل كنارسفلي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dornock is a small Scottish village in Dumfries and Galloway , situated about one mile west of Eastriggs and two miles east of Annan .
Burnhouse , sometimes known locally as The Trap from ' Man Trap ' is a small village or hamlet in North Ayrshire , Parish of Beith , Scotland .
Stary Klukom ( ˈstarɨ ˈklukɔm ) ( German : Alt Klücken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Wigman House is a historic American Queen Anne house in the Carrick neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Mufulira ( `` Place of Abundance '' ) is a town with a population of 125,336 ( 2007 ) in the Copperbelt Province of Zambia .
Pontchartrain Beach was an amusement park located in New Orleans , Louisiana , on the south shore of Lake Pontchartrain .
Bull Lake Dam ( National ID # WY01378 ) is a dam in Fremont County , Wyoming .
Grodzisk Mazowiecki County ( Polish : powiat grodziski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Belezna ( Croatian : Blezna ) is a village in Zala County , Hungary with 748 inhabitants ( status : January 2012 ) .
Żmiąca ( ˈʐmjɔnt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laskowa , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Farm to Market Road 2223 , FM 2223 , or Old Cameron Ranch Road , is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from FM 974 , 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) northeast of Bryan , northwestward to SH OSR , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) northeast of Benchley .
Shur Daraq - e Sofla ( Persian : شوردرق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Shūr Daraq - e Soflá ; also known as Shūr Daraq and Shūr Daraq - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Angut - e Sharqi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Gol Rizak ( Persian : گل ريزك‎ , also Romanized as Gol Rīzak ) is a village in Dehram Rural District , Dehram District , Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran .
Godington is a village and civil parish about 5 miles ( 8 km ) northeast of Bicester in Oxfordshire .
Qandilu ( Persian : قنديلو‎ , also Romanized as Qandīlū ) is a village in Gonbar Rural District , in the Central District of Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Shun Lee Palace is a Chinese restaurant located at 155 East 55th Street , between Lexington Avenue and Third Avenue in Midtown Manhattan in New York City .
Tapes is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul state , Brazil , near to Porto Alegre .
Moreton Say is a small village and sparsely populated civil parish in Shropshire , England , near the borders with Cheshire and Staffordshire , just Northwest of the town of Market Drayton .
Hispaniola ( Spanish : La Española ; Latin : Hispaniola ; Taíno : Haiti ) is the 22nd - largest island in the world , located in the Caribbean island group , the Greater Antilles .
Ab Kuch ( Persian : ابكوچ‎ , also Romanized as Āb Kūch ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Aceña de Lara or La Aceña is a village in the municipality of Jurisdicción de Lara , located southeast of the province of Burgos , Castilla y León ( Spain ) .
Grez - sur - Loing ( formerly Grès - en - Gâtinais ) is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in north - central France .
Narcao , Nuracau in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Carbonia - Iglesias in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) east of Carbonia .
Amir Cheraghali ( Persian : اميرچراغعلي‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Cherāgh``alī ; also known as Cherāgh `` Alī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 439 , in 84 families .
National Shrine of the Little Flower Basilica Catholic Church in Royal Oak , Michigan is a well known Roman Catholic church and National Shrine executed in the lavish zig - zag Art Deco style .
Gach Sar ( Persian : گچسر‎ , also Romanized as Gach - i - Sar and Getschesar ) is a village in Nesa Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Tell Shughayb ( Arabic : تل شغيب‎ , also transliterated Tel Shegheb ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Mount Simeon District of Aleppo Governorate , located just southwest of Aleppo .
Voshmgir District ( Persian : بخش وشمگیر‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Afon Seiont ( Welsh , meaning River Seiont in English ) is a river in Gwynedd , Wales which runs into the Menai Strait .
San Felice a Cancello is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Naples and about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southeast of Caserta .
Sarleyleh ( Persian : سرليله‎ ; also known as Sarleyl ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Cincinnati College of Mortuary Science ( CCMS ) is a primarily two - year , non - profit , private mortuary science college , located adjacent to St. Xavier High School just outside Cincinnati in Finneytown , Ohio , USA .
Sapuhin ( Persian : سپوهين‎ , also Romanized as Sapūhīn and Sapoohin ; also known as Sabūhīn ) is a village in Rudbar - e Shahrestan Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Frye Art Museum is an art museum located in the First Hill neighborhood of Seattle , Washington , USA .
Moniaki - Kolonia ( mɔˈɲaki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Tryszczyn ( ˈtrɨʂt͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Trischen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The J.W. Knapp Company Building is a historic five - story , 190,000-square - foot ( 18,000 m2 ) Streamline Moderne building in Lansing , Michigan , United States .
James Gillespie 's High School is a state secondary school in Marchmont , Edinburgh .
Nowy Bidaczów ( ˈnɔvɨ biˈdat͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Cham Seyyed Mohammad ( Persian : چم سيدمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Cham Seyyed Moḩammad , Chame - e Seyyed Moḩammad , and Cham - e Seyyed Moḩammad ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Museum of Jewish Heritage , located in Battery Park City in Manhattan , New York City , is a living memorial to those who perished in the Holocaust .
The Harvard University Herbaria and Botanical Museum are institutions located on the grounds of Harvard University at 22 Divinity Avenue , Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Von Bock House is in Ülikooli Street in Tartu in Estonia .
Rovegno is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northeast of Genoa , in the Val Trebbia .
Lea - Artibai is a comarca of the province of Biscay , in the Basque Country , Spain .
Zhanqian District ( simplified Chinese : 站前区 ; traditional Chinese : 站前區 ; pinyin : Zhànqián Qū ) is a district of the city of Yingkou , Liaoning , People 's Republic of China .
Cleveland University was a short - lived university in the Tremont neighborhood of Cleveland , Ohio .
The Big Traverse Bay Historic District is a historic district located east of Lake Linden , Michigan at the mouth of the Traverse River .
WRIV ( 1390 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Riverhead , New York and serves eastern Long Island .
Mazrah ( Persian : مزره‎ ) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District , Sarshiv District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Vadakampatti is a small village near Kalligudi , a small town in Tirumangalam Taluk of Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Virgin Mountains are a mountain range of the northeastern Mojave Desert , located in Clark County , southeastern Nevada and Mohave County , northwestern Arizona .
Ghias Kola ( Persian : غياث كلا‎ , also Romanized as Ghīās̄ Kolā ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Dintel is a river in North Brabant that runs from Oudenbosch to Standdaarbuiten .
Ośno Podleśne ( ˈɔɕnɔ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
KARX ( 95.7 FM , `` 95.7 NASH ICON '' ) is a radio station serving the Amarillo , Texas , area with a country format .
Thalkirchdorf is part of the municipality of Oberstaufen in Oberallgäu in the German state of Bayern .
Tągowie ( tɔnˈɡɔvjɛ ) ( German : Tangen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchomie , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mount Cardigan is a prominent bare - rock summit in the towns of Orange and Alexandria in western New Hampshire .
Mahmud Lat ( Persian : محمودلات‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūd Lāt ) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Berghain is a nightclub in Berlin , Germany .
Uciekajka ( ut͡ɕeˈkai̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Flaming Gorge National Recreation Area is a United States National Recreation Area located in the states of Wyoming and Utah .
The Township of Alnwick / Haldimand is a township in central Ontario , Canada , in Northumberland County , situated between Lake Ontario and Rice Lake .
Hasmonean High School is a secondary school and sixth form with academy status for pupils from Orthodox Jewish families , situated in the London Borough of Barnet , England .
Chulan Deym ( Persian : چولان ديم‎ , also Romanized as Chūlān Deym ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Darb Has ( Persian : دربحص‎ , also Romanized as Darb Ḩaş ; also known as Darb - e ' ' aş and Dar - e Ras ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Grand Place ( French , pronounced : ( ɡʁɑ̃ plas ) ; also used in English ) or Grote Markt ( Dutch , pronounced ( ˌɣroːtə ˈmɑrkt ) ) is the central square of Brussels .
Bagh - e Farajerd ( Persian : باغ فراگرد‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Farājerd ; also known as Bāgh - e Farhād Gerd ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Strudlhofstiege is an outdoor staircase of architectural and literary significance in Vienna , Austria .
Stanton Harcourt is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) southeast of Witney and about 6 miles ( 10 km ) west of Oxford .
WORC - FM is a radio station serving Worcester County and most of eastern Massachusetts with a country music format .
Marfa Municipal Airport ( IATA : MRF , ICAO : KMRF , FAA LID : MRF ) is a county owned public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Marfa , a city in Presidio County , Texas , United States .
Yunjaliq ( Persian : يونجاليق‎ , also Romanized as Yūnjālīq ; also known as Yūnjeh Laq and Yūnjehlīq ) is a village in Chahriq Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Clarkstown High School North or Clarkstown North High School is a high school located in New City , Rockland County , New York educating students in grades 9 through 12 .
Havar Soleyman ( Persian : هوارسليمان‎ , also Romanized as Havār Soleymān ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Monkey Mia is a popular tourist destination located about 900 km north of Perth , Western Australia .
The Northern Avenue Petroglyph Site , in Kingman , Arizona , is a 0.2-acre ( 0.081 ha ) archeological site that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1996 .
The Dallas Pedestrian Network is a system of grade - separated walkways covering thirty - six city blocks of downtown Dallas , Texas , USA .
The Two Groups Islands ( French : Îles Deux Groupes ) is a minor subgroup of the Tuamotus in French Polynesia .
Tan - Tar - A Resort is a resort located in Osage Township , Camden County , just outside Osage Beach , Missouri at the Lake of the Ozarks .
Kinloss ( Gaelic : Cinn Lois ) is a village in Moray , Scotland .
Kaltenburg Castle is a ruined castle , located in the Lonetal ( Lone River Valley ) between the cities of Giengen and Niederstotzingen in the district of Heidenheim , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
105 Stadium ( formerly Mazda Palace and Vaillant Palace ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Genoa , Italy .
Sung Wong Toi is an important historic relic in Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Zerenjin ( Persian : زرنجين‎ , also Romanized as Zerenjīn ) is a village in Kaghazkonan - e Shomali Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fresno Chaffee Zoo is a zoo in Roeding Park in Fresno , California covering 39 acres and housing over 190 species .
Pothundi Dam is an irrigation dam near Pothundi village in the Palakkad district of Kerala state , India .
Beaver Brook Reservation is a public recreation area managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation , located in Belmont and Waltham , Massachusetts .
The E.J. Beardmore Dam , an earth - fill embankment dam with a concrete gravity wall across the Balonne River , is located in South West Queensland , Australia .
Beşirli Tennis Courts ( Turkish : Beşirli Tenis Kortları ) , aka Beşirli Tennis Complex , is a tennis venue located in Trabzon , Turkey .
Iztapa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( isˈtapa ) ) , or Puerto de Iztapa , is a municipality in the Escuintla department of Guatemala .
Kalateh - ye Naqi ( Persian : كلاته نقي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Naqī ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Byalya is a village in Madhugiri Taluk , Tumkur district , Karnataka State in India with the PIN Code 572163 Mr. Keshav Reddy Handrala a notable poet/ novelist belongs to this village .
WZTI ( 1290 AM ) is a radio station in Milwaukee , Wisconsin that currently airs an oldies format .
Columbia Wagon Works , also known as Colonial Wagon Company , is a historic wagon factory complex located at Columbia in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
The Henryton Tunnel , located near Henryton in southern Carroll County , Maryland , is the third - oldest tunnel in the world that remains in active railroad use .
The Oxon Run Parkway , is a roadway and small park in the Washington Highlands neighborhood of Washington , D.C ..
Standard Plaza is a 16-story office building in downtown Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Kattathur ( South ) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Dubăsari ( Romanian pronunciation : ( dubəˈsarʲ ) ; Moldovan Cyrillic : Дубэсарь ) or Dubossary ( Russian : Дубоссары ; Yiddish : דובאסאר‎ ; Ukrainian : Дубоcсари ) is a city in Transnistria , Republic of Moldova , with a population of 23,650 .
Woodhall Spa is a civil parish and village in Lincolnshire , England , on the southern edge of the Lincolnshire Wolds 6 miles ( 10 km ) south - west of Horncastle and 15 miles ( 24 km ) east - south - east of Lincoln .
North Higgins Lake State Park is a 429-acre ( 174 ha ) state park located in Beaver Creek Township , Crawford County , just northwest of Roscommon , Michigan .
Kelab Aman is a cricket ground near Jalan Ampang in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Jaczowice ( jat͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Cyffylliog ( also Y Gyffylliog in Welsh ) is a village and community in Denbighshire , Wales .
Mouldsworth is a village and civil parish on the outskirts of Chester in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Deadhorse Lake is located near Clarkdale in North Central Arizona .
Wiscasset Airport ( IATA : ISS , ICAO : KIWI , FAA LID : IWI ) is a public - use airport located three miles ( 5 km ) southwest of the central business district of Wiscasset , a town in Lincoln County , Maine , United States .
Koothattukulam is a town and Municipality situated in Muvattupuzha Taluk , towards the south east corner of Ernakulam district in Kerala , South India .
Bodrean and Frogmore are farmstead settlements in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , situated two miles ( 3.5 kilometres ) north - northeast of Truro .
Qarah Sangi ( Persian : قره سنگي‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Sangī and Qareh Sangī ; also known as Qal``eh Sangī ) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 713 , in 134 families .
Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : شرقي‎ , meaning `` East '' ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Manchester United Methodist Church ( formerly Manchester Methodist Episcopal Church , abbreviated Manchester UMC or simply MUMC ) is a United Methodist megachurch in Manchester , Missouri .
Efzar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان افزر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Christ Church , East Sheen is a Church of England church on Christ Church Road , East Sheen , in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Saftuk ( Persian : سفتوك‎ , also Romanized as Saftūk ; also known as Saftūk - e Pā’īn , Saftūk Pā’īn , and Saftūq ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sprague Glacier is a small cirque glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado .
Engineers Country Club is a country club located in Roslyn Harbor , New York , on the historic Gold Coast on the north shore of Long Island .
Mowtowr - e 17 Shahrivar ( Persian : موتور17شهريور‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e 17 Shahrīvar ; also known as Mowtowr - e Hefdah - e Shahrīvar ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Iglehart is a historic home at Iglehart , Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States .
The Avoyelles Public Charter School located in Mansura , Louisiana is a charter school for kindergarten through high school students , most of whom are from the surrounding region of Avoyelles Parish .
Bożejewo ( bɔʐɛˈjɛvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Standard Yarn Company Building is a historic factory building located at Oswego in Oswego County , New York .
The Belton Chalets are a group of historic hotel buildings in the village of West Glacier , Montana , near the western entrance to Glacier National Park .
Kałów ( ˈkawuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lowry Hill Tunnel is a tunnel accommodating the Interstate 94 freeway near downtown Minneapolis , Minnesota that was completed in late 1971 .
Balakdeh ( Persian : بلكده‎ ) is a village in Jirhandeh - ye Lasht - e Nesha Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dobrzanów ( dɔˈbʐanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ashestan ( Persian : اشستان‎ , also Romanized as Āshestān ; also known as Āshīstān ) is a village in Gonbar Rural District , in the Central District of Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Simsbury Bank and Trust Company Building , also known as the former Town Hall Building , is a historic commercial and civic building at the northeast corner of Hopmeadow Street and Station Street in Simsbury , Connecticut .
Neon Boots Dancehall & Saloon is currently an LGBT bar / honky tonk founded originally as the Esquire Ballroom in 1955 by Raymond Proske in Houston , Texas .
Khirni is a gram panchayat in the Sawai Madhopur district of Rajasthan , India .
St. Stanislaus Institute , also known as St. Stanislaus Orphanage and Holy Child Church , is a historic former Roman Catholic orphanage complex located at 141 Old Newport Street in Newport Township , Luzerne County , Pennsylvania within the Diocese of Scranton .
The Ulster Folk and Transport Museum is situated in Cultra , Northern Ireland , about 11 kilometres ( 6.8 mi ) east of the city of Belfast .
Tank Hill Park is located in San Francisco near the intersection of Clayton Street and Twin Peaks Boulevard , which circumscribes the hill to the south and east .
The South East Busway is a grade separated bus - only corridor running south from the Brisbane CBD to Eight Mile Plains , in South East Queensland .
The City of Echuca was a local government area of Victoria , Australia , about 200 kilometres ( 124 mi ) north of Melbourne , the state capital , in the regional centre of Echuca , on the Murray River .
The Diamantina Developmental Road is a gazetted road entirely in Queensland , that runs from Charleville in the south - central part of the state to Mount Isa in the north - west .
Banaft Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بنافت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mosby Tavern , also called Old Cumberland Courthouse or Littleberry Mosby House , is a National Register of Historic Places building in Powhatan County , Virginia .
Camp William Penn was a Union Army training camp located in Cheltenham Township , Pennsylvania from 1863 to 1865 , notable for being the first training ground dedicated to African American troops who enlisted in the United States Army during the American Civil War .
Gateway Fashion Mall ( formerly Gateway Mall ) is an enclosed shopping mall in Bismarck , North Dakota .
Chal Chuq ( Persian : چالچوق‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Chūq ) is a village in Abharrud Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Gargaz - e Tazeh Yal ( Persian : گرگزتازه يل‎ , also Romanized as Gargaz - e Tāzeh Yal and Garkaz - e Tāzeh Yal ) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Licensed to Larose , Louisiana , KLRZ targets both New Orleans and the Tri - Parishes area at 100.3 MHz with an ERP of 89 kW at 584 feet ( 178 m ) .
Lock and Dam No . 17 is a lock and dam located near New Boston , Illinois on the Upper Mississippi River near river mile 437 .
Causey Reservoir is a reservoir located 15 miles ( 24 km ) northeast of Ogden , Utah , United States just off Utah State Route 39 .
The Somerset Hotel is a historic hotel building located at 1152 - 1154 S. Wabash Ave . in downtown Chicago , Illinois .
The Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino is located off the Las Vegas Strip in the unincorporated area of Paradise , Nevada , USA .
Peacefield , also called Old House , is a historic home formerly owned by the Adams family of Quincy , Massachusetts .
Charles Evans Hughes House is a historic home located at 2223 R Street , NW in the Sheridan - Kalorama neighborhood of Washington , D.C ..
Pottsgrove High School ( PGHS ) , built in 1955 , is a public high school located in Pottsgrove , Pennsylvania that serves students in grades 9 - 12 from Lower Pottsgrove , Upper Pottsgrove , and West Pottsgrove townships .
The Mayo Hotel is a historic building located in downtown Tulsa in Oklahoma , USA , at 115 West 5th Street .
Lambda Archives of San Diego is a collection of LGBT historical materials in San Diego , California , United States .
The TD Garden ( previously the Shawmut Center , the FleetCenter , and the TD Banknorth Garden ; nicknamed the Boston Garden and The Garden ) is a multi - purpose arena in Boston , Massachusetts .
Nether Langwith is a village and civil parish in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire bordering Langwith in Derbyshire , England .
The Audubon Parkway is a four - lane controlled - access freeway ( formerly a toll road ) connecting the cities of Henderson and Owensboro , Kentucky .
Krobielewo ( krɔbjɛˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna , within Międzyrzecz County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Sierra Vista Scenic Byway is an 82.7-mile ( 133.1 km ) route through the Sierra National Forest in the U.S. state of California .
Fallbrook Center is a shopping center located on Fallbrook Avenue between Victory Boulevard and Vanowen Street in West Hills , Los Angeles , California .
Naposhteh ( Persian : ناپشته‎ , also Romanized as Nāposhteh ; also known as Nefishta ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Martha 's Vineyard Airport ( IATA : MVY , ICAO : KMVY , FAA LID : MVY ) is a public airport located in the middle of the island of Martha 's Vineyard , three miles ( 5 km ) south of the central business district of Vineyard Haven , in Dukes County , Massachusetts , United States .
The Age of Sail Heritage Centre ( also known as the Age of Sail Heritage Museum ) is a museum and heritage centre at Port Greville , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Giardino Botanico delle Alpi Orientali ( 6.25 hectares ) , also known as the Giardino Botanico di Monte Faverghera , is an alpine botanical garden located in the Corpo Forestale dello Stato die Belluno on Monte Faverghera , southeast of Nevegal , Province of Belluno , Veneto , Italy .
UPMC St. Margaret is a mid - sized , acute care , teaching community hospital of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , located in the Waterworks area of Pittsburgh , near Aspinwall , Pennsylvania .
The Agua Hedionda Lagoon ( `` agua hedionda '' means `` pestilent water '' in Spanish ) is a lagoon in Carlsbad , California , that is fed by the Agua Hedionda Creek .
Daham ( Persian : دحام‎ , also Romanized as Daḥām ) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Miccosukee Methodist Church ( also known as the Miccosukee United Methodist Church or Concord Methodist Episcopal Church ) is a historic church in Miccosukee , Florida .
Adorp ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈaːdɔrp ) ) is a village in the municipality of Winsum , in the Netherlands .
Cham - e Qalandar ( Persian : چمقلندر‎ ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Piotrowice - Parcele ( pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Wydrze ( ˈvɨdʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakszawa , within Łańcut County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Milborne St Andrew is a village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England .
Carnew ( Irish : Carn an Bhua , meaning `` Victory mound '' ) is a village in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Aliabad - e Molkuti ( Persian : علي ابادملكوتي‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Molkūtī ) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District , Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Baker - Berry Library is the main library at Dartmouth College in Hanover , New Hampshire .
Alta Vista Public School is an Ottawa - Carleton District School Board elementary school in the Alta Vista neighbourhood of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Golestan - e Emamzadeh Jafar ( Persian : گلستان امام زاده جعفر‎ , also Romanized as Golestān - e Emāmzādeh Jaʿfar ; also known as Golestān ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Cristo Rey New York High School is a college preparatory , Catholic high school located in East Harlem , Manhattan , New York City .
Newbury Street is located in the Back Bay area of Boston , Massachusetts , in the United States .
Caledonia High School ( CHS ) is a public high school located in Caledonia , Minnesota that serves Caledonia as well as the surrounding communities of Brownsville , Eitzen , Freeburg , Minnesota , and Reno .
Aseman Dul ( Persian : اسماندول‎ , also Romanized as Āsemān Dūl ) is a village in Satar Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Edgell Island is one of Baffin Island 's small offshore islands , located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut .
Pampisford is a village , south of Cambridge , on the A505 road near Sawston , Cambridgeshire , England .
Gusheh - ye Mohammad Malek ( Persian : گوشه محمدمالك‎ , also Romanized as Gūsheh - ye Moḩammad Mālek , Goosheh Mohammad Malek , and Gūsheh - ye Moḩammad - e Malek ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Huis te Manpad , Heemstede is an historical villa and former summer home of Jacob van Lennep , bordered by the Leidsevaart , the Manpadslaan , and the Herenweg .
Kuźnica Grabowska ( kuʑˈnit͡sa ɡraˈbɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraszewice , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Overslade is a political ward , as well as a general neighbourhood in the central south part of the town of Rugby , Warwickshire .
Surrex is a hamlet on the A120 road , located to the east of the town of Coggeshall in the Braintree district in the English county of Essex .
Zarrestan ( Persian : زرستان‎ , also Romanized as Zārrestān ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Oñati ( Basque : Oñati , Spanish : Oñate , French : Ognate ) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the autonomous community of the Basque Country , in the north of Spain .
Gangarestan ( Persian : گنگرستان‎ , also Romanized as Gangarestān ) is a village in Doab Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Pulfero ( Slovene : Podbonesec ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 60 km northwest of Trieste and about 20 km northeast of Udine , on the border with Slovenia , and borders the following municipalities :
Centre Park is a stadium located in Mangere , Auckland , New Zealand .
Baniz ( Persian : بنيز‎ , also Romanized as Banīz ; also known as Vaniz ) is a village in Banestan Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Taconic Golf Club is a semi - private golf course located in Williamstown , Massachusetts .
Lak Lag ( Persian : لك لگ‎ , also Romanized as Lak Lak , Laklak , and Laq Laq ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ciepliny - Budy ( t͡ɕeˈplinɨ ˈbudɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Gardan ( Persian : گردان‎ , also Romanized as Gardān ; also known as Qal``eh Now ) is a village in Binalud Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 9 , in 4 families .
Witham Friary is a small English village and civil parish located between the towns of Frome and Bruton in the county of Somerset .
Building at 239 North Gay Street , also known as Spartana Electronics , is a historic building located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Ballylinan or Ballylynan ( Irish : Baile Uí Laigheanáin ) is a small village on the County Laois / County Kildare border in the Ireland .
Cloverfields Dairy Farm was a model dairy farm located in Olympia , Washington .
Atarud ( Persian : اترود‎ , also Romanized as Ātarūd ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Stryki ( ˈstrɨkʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Стрики , Stryky ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ali Sadr Rural District ( Persian : دهستان علي صدر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Cotabato City is the regional center of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao ( ARMM ) but the city is administratively part of the SOCCSKSARGEN region , which is composed of provinces of South Cotabato , North Cotabato ( Cotabato Province ) , Sultan Kudarat , and Saranggani , as well as the highly urbanized city of General Santos .
Krummendeich ( in High German , in Low Saxon : Krummendiek ) is a municipality in the district of Stade , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Wilamy ( viˈlamɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
KDJF ( 93.5 FM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Ester , Alaska ; however , the station 's offices are in Fairbanks , Alaska .
The Chunky River is a short tributary of the Chickasawhay River in east - central Mississippi .
The Knightsville Meetinghouse ( also known as Knightsville - Franklin Congregational Church ) is a historic church and meeting hall building at 67 Phenix Avenue within the village of Knightsville in Cranston , Rhode Island .
Located in Bangor , Maine , and Portland , Maine , Bangor Theological Seminary was an ecumenical seminary , founded in 1814 , in the Congregational tradition of the United Church of Christ .
Hreljići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хрељићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tom Moreland Interchange , colloquially known as Spaghetti Junction , is the intersection of Interstate 85 and Interstate 285 , along with several access roads , in northern DeKalb County , Georgia , just northeast of Atlanta , Georgia , USA .
Bindloss is a hamlet in southern Alberta , Canada within Special Area No . 2 .
Gryncel Park is a little league baseball field located on 10 High Street in Ashland , Massachusetts .
Makan Gorgan ( Persian : مكان گرگان‎ , also Romanized as Makān Gorgān ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The East London Mosque , situated in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets between Whitechapel and Aldgate , serves Great Britain 's largest Muslim community .
The Greater London Authority ( GLA ) is a top - tier administrative body for Greater London , England .
Khomir Kandeh ( Persian : خميركنده‎ , also Romanized as Khomīr Kandeh ) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pompano Park and Poker , more commonly known simply as Pompano Park , is a standardbred harness racing track located in Pompano Beach , Florida .
The former Blume High School is a historic building in downtown Wapakoneta , Ohio , United States .
Gurbuja ( Persian : گوربوجا‎ , also Romanized as Gūrbūjā ; also known as Gūryūjā ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kobylniczka ( kɔbɨlˈnit͡ʂka ) ( formerly German Adlig Kublitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pahnaji ( Persian : پهناجي‎ , also Romanized as Pahnājī ; also known as Pahn Ḩājī and Pahn Ḩājjī ) is a village in Kiakola Rural District , in the Central District of Simorgh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jiri - ye Sofla ( Persian : جيري سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Jīrī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Cham Khalaf - e Isa Rural District , Cham Khalaf - e Isa District , Hendijan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Seattle City Hall ( also known as the Seattle Municipal Building ) is located in downtown Seattle , Washington , between 4th Avenue and 5th Avenue .
Popity ( pɔˈpitɨ ) ( German Popitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Crostwight is a small village and former civil parish in the north - east of the county of Norfolk , England .
Spatsizi Plateau Wilderness Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , protecting most of the Spatsizi Plateau , the southeasternmost subplateau of the Stikine Plateau , and the upper reaches of the basin of the Stikine River .
The Alden Bridge is a historic bridge in Alden , Iowa , which carries the town 's Main Street over the Iowa River .
Squantum Point Park is a state - owned , public recreation area located on the Squantum peninsula of Quincy , Massachusetts , managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation .
Jamnagar ( pronunciation ) is a city located on the western coast of India in the state of Gujarat in the Gulf of Kutch . It is the administrative headquarters of the Jamnagar District .
Hoseynabad - e Sarzeh ( Persian : حسين ابادسرزه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Sarzeh ; also known as Ḩoseynābād , Ḩoseynābād Larzeh , and Husainābād ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Valavanur ( Tamil : வளவனூர் ) is a panchayat town in Viluppuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Shire of Phillip Island was a local government area in Western Port about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) south of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Dasht - e Olam ( Persian : دشت علم‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e ʿOlam ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sela pri Štravberku ( pronounced ( ˈseːla pɾi ˈʃtaːu̯bɛɾku ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Mansi Township ( Burmese : မန်စီမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Bhamo District in the Kachin State of Burma .
The Glockenspiel House ( German : Haus des Glockenspiels ) is a building in Bremen in the north of Germany .
Kesajin ( Persian : كسجين‎ , also Romanized as Kesajīn ) is a village in Owch Tappeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chatata ( pronounced SHAY - tay ) is the original Cherokee Indian name of a populated area located in Bradley County , Tennessee .
Kuzawka ( kuˈzafka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hanna , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Avon Hill Historic District is a residential historic district near Porter Square in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Coroaci is a Brazilian municipality located in the east of the state of Minas Gerais .
Hueco Tanks is an area of low mountains in El Paso County , Texas , in the United States .
Małolesie ( mawɔˈlɛɕɛ ) ( German Glien Försterei ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Mule Mountains are a north / south running mountain range located in the south - central area of Cochise County , Arizona .
Puntone dei Fraciòn is a 3,202 metres high mountain in the Lepontine Alps , located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden .
Castle Rock Lake is a man - made lake located in central Wisconsin , in Adams County and Juneau County .
Blinn - Pulver Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse in Chatham , New York on Route 66 .
Najafabad County ( Persian : شهرستان نجف‌آباد‎ ) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran .
Ivanovo , Blagoevgrad Province is a village in Petrich Municipality , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
The Davis - Adcock Store is a historic general store located at Wilbon , North Carolina , a crossroads north of Fuquay - Varina , in Wake County , North Carolina .
Waddell Creek is the name given to both the creek and the watershed that run through Big Basin Redwoods State Park in Santa Cruz County , California .
Deh Now - e Razaviyeh ( Persian : دهنورضويه‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Raẕavīyeh ; also known as Deh Now ) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Gustav Knepper Power Station is a coal - fired power station in Dortmund - Mengede , close to Castrop - Rauxel .
Mavarem Kola ( Persian : موارم كلا‎ , also Romanized as Mavārem Kolā ) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Works Recording Studio was a recording studio located in Stockport , Greater Manchester , UK between 1998 and 2007 .
Fairview Conservation Park is a conservation park in South Australia between Lucindale and Padthaway in the Limestone Coast region .
Polly Shortts is a hill on the outskirts of Pietermaritzburg , KwaZulu Natal , South Africa .
Queen Mary 's Hospital , Sidcup is an acute district general hospital situated in Sidcup , South East London , serving the population of the London Borough of Bexley .
Lake Peigneur is located in the US state of Louisiana , 1.2 miles ( 1.9 km ) north of Delcambre and 9.1 miles ( 14.6 km ) west of New Iberia , near the northernmost tip of Vermilion Bay .
Dimaro ( in local dialect : Dimàr ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 66 kilometres ( 41 mi ) northwest of Trento .
The Anglo - Boer War Museum ( also known as The War Museum of the Boer Republics ) in Bloemfontein is the only museum in the world dedicated solely to the Anglo - Boer Wars of 1899 to 1902 .
Gare de Pihen is a railway station in Pihen - lès - Guînes , northern France .
Goździe ( ˈɡɔʑd͡ʑe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Imeni Diny Nurpeisovoy is a settlement serving a passing loop in Kurmangazy District , Atyrau Region of western Kazakhstan .
Worlingworth is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England , located around ten miles south - east of Diss .
Moonidih is a region in Dhanbad District in the Indian state of Jharkhand
Sheykh Musa Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شيخ موسي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Confederate Monument in Russellville , in the middle of the Russellville Historic District of Russellville , Kentucky , is a monument to the Confederate States of America that is on the National Register of Historic Places since July 17 , 1997 .
Lakeside Beach State Park is a 744-acre ( 3.01 km2 ) state park located on the shore of Lake Ontario in the Town of Carlton , Orleans County , New York .
Marków - Towarzystwo ( ˈmarkuf tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Abbasabad - e Sargorich ( Persian : عباس ابادسرگريچ‎ , also Romanized as `` Abbāsābād - e Sargorīch ) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 91 , in 21 families .
The John D. Dingell Transit Center is a train station in Dearborn , Michigan , United States that is served daily by Amtrak 's Wolverine , which runs three times daily between Chicago , Illinois and Pontiac , Michigan , via Detroit , Michigan .
Neckarsulm ( German pronunciation : ( nɛkarˈzʊlm ) ) is a city in northern Baden - Württemberg , Germany , near Stuttgart , and part of the district Heilbronn .
Skrzyszew ( ˈskʂɨʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan - Majorat , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Fyrudden is a coastal locality in Valdemarsvik Municipality , Östergötland County , Sweden , located at the extreme southeastern end of a narrow peninsula .
The San Diego Yacht Club was the original home of the Sir Thomas Lipton Cup , one of the pre - eminent events in Southern California racing , which is held in the ocean off San Diego every year .
McConnell Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range at the north end of the Crystal Mountains ( California ) , to the west of Lake Tahoe .
Fa Hui Park ( Chinese : 花墟公園 ; Jyutping : faa1 heoi1 gung1 jyun4 ) is a small park located along and north of Boundary Street(toward Kowloon City , Bay and Kwun Tong ) , at the southeastern corner of Sham Shui Po District , Kowloon West in Hong Kong .
Nuryab ( Persian : نورياب‎ , also Romanized as Nūryāb ; also known as Nūr - i - Āb ) is a village in Howli Rural District , in the Central District of Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Porta Lodovica was a city gate of the Spanish walls of Milan , Italy , named after Ludovico Sforza .
Cheshmeh Chenar - e Yasuj ( Persian : چشمه چنارياسوج‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chenār - e Yāsūj ; also known as Cheshmeh Chenār ) is a village in Kakan Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nianing is part of the rural community of Malicounda in M'bour Department , Thiès .
The World War II Facilities at Midway were built as part of the fortification leading up to World War II . The Midway Atoll 's unique location halfway between the United States and Japan ensured it would hold a strategic position .
Różyny ( ruˈʐɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Bull Ring is a Class II henge that was built in the late Neolithic period near Dove Holes in Derbyshire , England .
The Bradford Robotic Telescope ( BRT ) is an autonomous astronomical telescope located at Teide Observatory , Tenerife in the Canary Islands .
The Sheely Bridge , originally known as the Carbondale Bridge , carries pedestrian traffic across the Roaring Fork River at Mill Street Park in Aspen , Colorado , United States .
Kirtland Central High School ( KCHS ) is located in the town of Kirtland , New Mexico ( USA ) its colors are Purple & Gold and their mascot is the Bronco .
The Community of Jesus is a monastic Christian community located near Rock Harbor , in Orleans , Massachusetts , on Cape Cod . It was founded by charismatic leaders Cay Andersen and Judy Sorensen .
Atash Beyg ( Persian : اتش بيگ‎ , also Romanized as Ātash Beyg ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Now Dasht ( Persian : نودشت‎ ) is a village in Biabanak Rural District , in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
St. Genevieve Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans located along the northeastern edge of Lake Ponchartrain in Slidell , Louisiana , USA .
The village is split in two into Upper Brynamman and Lower Brynamman by the River Amman which also acts as the boundary between the counties of Carmarthenshire and Neath Port Talbot ( the old county of Glamorganshire ) .
Shahrak - e Roknabad ( Persian : شهرك ركن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Roknābād ) is a village in Derak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Blackburne House stands on the east side of Hope Street , Liverpool , Merseyside , England .
The Mount Storm Wind Farm is located 120 miles west of Washington , D.C. in Grant County , West Virginia .
The Red Bank Plantation House is a historic former plantation house in Jacksonville , Florida .
Cherry Capital Airport ( IATA : TVC , ICAO : KTVC , FAA LID : TVC ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of Traverse City , in Grand Traverse County , Michigan , United States .
Lauwersmeer ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌlʌuʋərsˈmeːr ) ) is a man - made lake in the north of the Netherlands , on the border of the provinces of Groningen and Friesland .
Passaic City School District is a comprehensive community public school district located in Passaic , New Jersey , United States , serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade .
Zuzinów ( zuˈʑinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Budziwój ( buˈd͡ʑivui̯ ) is a district of the city of Rzeszów .
Sage Hen Dam is an earthfill type dam on Sage Hen Creek , in Gem County , Idaho , United States .
Hoseynabad - e Shamlu ( Persian : حسين ابادشاملو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Shāmlū ; also known as Ḩasanābād - e Shāmlū , Ḩoseynābād , and Hūsaīnābād ) is a village in Almahdi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region ( often abbreviated as SNNPR ; Amharic : የደቡብ ብሔር ብሔረሰቦችና ህዝቦች ክልል ? ) is one of the nine ethnic divisions ( kililoch ) of Ethiopia .
Ikenna Stars Academy is a government - approved school located in Igbede , a community in Ojo local government area of Lagos State .
The Keystone Building is a high - rise building located in downtown Boston , Massachusetts .
Kallio ( Swedish : Berghäll ) is a district and a neighbourhood in Helsinki , the capital of Finland , located on the eastern side of the Helsinki peninsula about one kilometre north from the city centre .
São Tomás de Aquino is a Brazilian municipality in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais .
Podsędkowice ( pɔtsɛntkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
McNeill HVDC Back - to - back station is an HVDC back - to - back station at 50 ° 35'56``N 110 ° 1'25''W , which interconnects the power grids of the Canadian provinces Alberta and Saskatchewan and went in service in 1989 .
GP Express Flight 861 , from Hartsfield - Jackson International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia to Anniston Metropolitan Airport in Anniston , Alabama , crashed while attempting to land at approximately 8:04 a.m. CDT on June 8 , 1992 .
Skup ( skup ) ( German : Felsenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pottankad ( Malayalam : പൊട്ടന്‍കാട് ) is a village located in Idukki district of Kerala state , India .
Piccotts End is a village in Hertfordshire , England situated on the upper River Gade .
The Duke lacrosse case was a 2006 criminal case stemming from a false accusation of rape made against three members of the Duke University men 's lacrosse team , located in Durham , North Carolina , United States .
Lake Michigan is shared , from west to east , by the U.S. states of Wisconsin , Illinois , Indiana , and Michigan .
Grayland Beach State Park is a 412-acre ( 167 ha ) Washington state park located near Grayland with 7,449 feet ( 2,270 m ) of ocean frontage .
René - Levasseur Island is a large island in the centre of Lake Manicouagan in Quebec , Canada .
Dean Lane railway station opened on 17 May 1880 and served Newton Heath , Manchester , England .
Lootsberg Pass , ( English : Pilot 's Mountain ) , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , on the National road N9 , between Graaff - Reinet and Middelburg , Eastern Cape .
Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County ( Polish : powiat nowodworski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Walzin Castle is a castle in Belgium in the province Namur over the river Lesse near Dinant .
The North Abington Depot is an historic former passenger and freight railroad depot at 101 Railroad Street in North Abington , Massachusetts .
Trampas Canyon is a short tributary of San Juan Creek in southern Orange County the U.S. state of California .
South Bronx Classical Charter School is a charter school in the Bronx borough of New York City .
The Pittsburgh Center for the Arts ( PCA ) is a non - profit community arts campus that offers arts education programs and contemporary art exhibitions in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
The George Washington Faulkner House , known also as Faulkner House and as Faulkner Farm and located at 14292 W. Telegraph Rd . in Santa Paula , California , was built in 1894 .
Augustana Academy was an educational institution in Canton , South Dakota .
Fort Parker State Park is a Texas state park near Mexia .
Rimdan - e Bankul ( Persian : ريمدان بنکول‎ , also Romanized as Rīmdān - e Bankūl ; also known as Rīmdān - e Bangūl ) is a village in Sand - e Mir Suiyan Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Shahrak - e Shahid Namju ( Persian : شهرك شهيدنامجو‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Shahīd Nāmjū ) is a village in Isin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Golrag ( Persian : گلرگ‎ ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Recanati ( Italian pronunciation : ( rekaˈnaːti ) ) is a town and comune in the Province of Macerata , in the Marche region of Italy .
Paintsville High School is a secondary - level school located in Paintsville , Johnson County , Kentucky and is part of the Paintsville Independent School District .
South Branch Mountain is a mountain ridge that runs southwest to northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in the Eastern Panhandle of the U.S. state of West Virginia , rising to its greatest elevation of 3,028 feet ( 923 m ) above sea - level in the Nathaniel Mountain Wildlife Management Area .
Dowrbeh ( Persian : دوربه‎ ) is a village in Dasht - e Bil Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vojinović Bridge ( Serbian : Војиновића мост , Vojinovića most , Albanian : Ura e Vojnoviçit ) is located in Vučitrn , Kosovo .
Koyuk Alfred Adams Airport ( IATA : KKA , ICAO : PAKK , FAA LID : KKA ) is a state - owned public - use airport located in Koyuk , a city in the Nome Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
' Karassery ( Malayalam : കാരശ്ശേരി ) is a small village and one of the suburb in the south - eastern side of Kozhikode district in Kerala .
Cumanayagua ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kumanaˈʝaɣwa ) ) is a municipality and town in the Cienfuegos Province of Cuba .
KWHN ( 1320 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format to the Ft . Smith , Arkansas , USA area .
Sohray Amiriyeh ( Persian : صحرائ اميريه‎ , also Romanized as Şoḩrāy Āmīrīyeh ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Nivash ( Persian : نيواش‎ , also Romanized as Nīvāsh ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fairholme College is an independent , day and boarding school for girls , located in Toowoomba , one of Australia 's largest provincial cities , in South East Queensland , Australia .
Saganing Eagles Landing Casino is a casino located just outside the city of Standish , Michigan , United States .
The Art , Design & Architecture Museum , formerly the University Art Museum , is located on the campus of the UCSB in Goleta , California , USA .
Hawk Mountain Ranger School ( HMRS ) is a Search and Rescue school operated by the Pennsylvania Wing of the Civil Air Patrol ( CAP ) .
The Friends Meeting House and Cemetery is a historic Quaker meeting house and cemetery at 234 W. Main Road in Little Compton , Rhode Island .
Scheunen ( German : `` barn '' ) is a former municipality in the Bern - Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Bolinas Lagoon is a tidal estuary , approximately 1,100 acres ( 4.5 km2 ) in area , located in the West Marin region of Marin County , California , United States , adjacent to the town of Bolinas .
Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Military Park , located in northern Georgia and eastern Tennessee , preserves the sites of two major battles of the American Civil War : the Battle of Chickamauga and the Chattanooga Campaign .
Mount Fiske Glacier is a small glacier located in the Sierra Nevada Range within Kings Canyon National Park in the U.S. state of California .
The Avery Depot in Avery , Idaho was built by the Chicago , Milwaukee , St. Paul and Pacific Railroad ( also known as The Milwaukee Road ) in 1909 as part of its Pacific Extension into the Pacific Northwest from Chicago , Illinois .
Restoule Lake is a lake found in the Almaguin Highlands region of the Parry Sound District in the province of Ontario , Canada .
BancorpSouth Arena , formerly Tupelo Coliseum , and BancorpSouth Center , until December 2006 , is a 10,000-seat multi - purpose arena , near downtown Tupelo , Mississippi , named for the locally based BancorpSouth , a large multi - state commercial banking company .
Noqadi ( Persian : نقدي‎ , also Romanized as Noqadī ; also known as Naqadeh ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jiashi ( Payzawat ) County or Peyziwat County ( Uyghur : پەيزاۋات ناھىيىسى‎ , ULY : Peyzavat Nahiyesi , UYY : Pəyzavat Nah̡iyisi ? Chinese : 伽师县 pinyin : Gāshīxiàn ) ( also sometimes spelled as Faizabad or Fayzawat ) is a county - level administration of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administration of Kashgar Prefecture .
Gomenj ( Persian : گمنج‎ , also Romanized as Kowmenj and Gowmenj ; also known as Gomīn , Gūmeh , and Gūmī ) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Calvary Day School ( Calvary ) is a private Christian private school located in Savannah , Georgia .
Lac de Gras is a lake approximately 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) north of Yellowknife , in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
Bijeqin ( Persian : بيجقين‎ , also Romanized as Bījeqīn , Bijaqīn , and Bayjaqīn ; also known as Bidzhin and Bījgīn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Markin Family Student Recreation Center is a multi - purpose student recreational facility constructed in 2008 at Bradley University in Peoria , Illinois .
Śpiglówka ( ɕpiˈɡlufka ) ( German : Spiegelswalde ; until 1938 : Spieglowken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sumter High School is a co - educational four - year public high school serving grades 9 through 12 in Sumter School District located in the south side of Sumter , South Carolina , United States .
The Ayers Island Reservoir is an impoundment located on the Pemigewasset River in central New Hampshire , United States , in the towns of Bristol and New Hampton .
Yarnton is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) southwest of Kidlington and 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) northwest of Oxford .
Albertville City Schools is the public school district of Albertville , Alabama .
Pemba South Region ( Swahili : Kusini Pemba ) is one of the 30 regions of Tanzania .
Raivavae is an island that is part of the Austral Islands in French Polynesia .
Takruk - e Sofla ( Persian : تكروك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Takrūk - e Soflá ; also known as Takrūk - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Coltsfoot Green is a small hamlet within the village of Wickhambrook , Suffolk , England .
Greenon High School is a public high school near Springfield , Ohio .
The Komani River , is a river part of the Great Kei River system in the Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Makineh - ye Bahrani ( Persian : مكينه بحراني‎ , also Romanized as Makīneh - ye Baḥrānī ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pichkarain is a village of Nohar , Hanumangarh district , Rajasthan , India and is located 12 km from Nohar .
All Hallows High School ( formerly known as All Hallows Institute ) is a Catholic boys ' high school in South Bronx , New York , United States .
Netherhampton is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , immediately west of the city of Salisbury .
Rowista ( rɔˈvista ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gloucester City Junior - Senior High School is a comprehensive six - year community public high school that is based in Gloucester City , New Jersey , United States , serving students from seventh through twelfth grade as the lone secondary school of the Gloucester City Public Schools , an Abbott district .
Parośla ( paˈrɔɕla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Qaemiyeh ( Persian : قائميه‎ , also Romanized as Qā’emīyeh ) is a city in and the capital of Chenar Shahijan District , in Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bartoszów ( barˈtɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Warminghurst is a tiny village in the Horsham District of West Sussex , England .
Qezeljeh - ye Khorqan ( Persian : قزلجه خرقان‎ , also Romanized as Qezeljeh - ye Khorqān ; also known as Qezeljeh ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , in the Central District of Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Walbrook is a subterranean river in the City of London that gave its name to a City ward and a minor street in its vicinity .
Bab Koraj ( Persian : باب كرج‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Koraj ; also known as Bāb Kaj , Dar Kaj , Dar Karaj , and Dar Korj ) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cape Cod Community College , known locally as `` 4Cs '' , is a two - year community college located in West Barnstable , Massachusetts .
Tomsenati ( Persian : تم سنتي‎ , also Romanized as Tomsenatī ) is a village in Ramkan Rural District , in the Central District of Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Salari ( Persian : كلاته سالاري‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Sālārī ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nowe Lipki ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈlipki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sonuchi ( Persian : سنوچي‎ , also Romanized as Sonūchī ; also known as Sownochī , Sūnīchī , Sūnochī , and Sūnūchī ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District , Jolgeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Morro Creek is a coastal stream in San Luis Obispo County , central region of the U.S. state of California .
Canadian Forces Base North Bay , also CFB North Bay , is an air force base located at the City of North Bay , Ontario about 350 km ( 220 mi ) north of Toronto .
Świerna ( ˈɕfjɛrna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Šentviška Gora ( pronounced ( sɛnˈtʋiːʃka ˈɡɔːɾa ) or ( sənˈtviːʃka ˈɡɔːɾa ) ) is the main settlement in the hills between the valleys of the Bača and Idrijca rivers , known as the St. Vitus Plateau ( Slovene : Šentviška planota ) , in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Lake Seppings ( Noongar : Tjuirtgellong ) is a freshwater lake located within the city of Albany in the Great Southern region of Western Australia .
Sędrowo ( sɛnˈdrɔvɔ ) ( German : Sendrowen , 1938 - 45 : Treudorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The George W. Romney Building - ( `` The Romney Building '' ) is the Governor of Michigan 's main office , and houses other State of Michigan offices .
The Coal Glen mine disaster was a coal mine explosion that occurred on May 27 , 1925 , in Coal Glen , Oakland Township , Chatham County , North Carolina , USA .
The Talpiot Tomb ( or Talpiyot Tomb ) is a rock - cut tomb discovered in 1980 in the East Talpiot neighborhood , five kilometers south of the Old City in East Jerusalem .
The Clinton - Glen Gardner School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from the Town of Clinton and the Borough of Glen Gardner , in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States .
Villa Philmonte is a large ranch home located outside of Cimarron , New Mexico , on Philmont Scout Ranch , owned by the Boy Scouts of America .
Lödöse , also known as Gamla Lödöse ( Old Lödöse ) , Gamlöse or Gammelös , is a locality situated in Lilla Edet Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Bijarom ( Persian : بيجارم‎ , also Romanized as Bījārom ; also known as Vījārom ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Polzeath ( /pəlˈzɛθ/ ) ( Cornish : Polsegh , meaning dry creek ) is a small seaside resort in the civil parish of St Minver in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Funka ( ˈfunka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aberaman is a village near Aberdare in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , south Wales .
Ney Kan ( Persian : ني كن‎ ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Thangadh is an industrial town and a municipality located southwest of Surendranagar in Surendranagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Hess Tower is a 29-story building located adjacent to Discovery Green park in downtown Houston , Texas .
Shamshir Mahalleh ( Persian : شمشيرمحله‎ , also Romanized as Shamshīr Maḩalleh ) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Disneyland Park , originally Disneyland , is the first of two theme parks built at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim , California , opened on July 17 , 1955 .
The Boterdorpse Verlaat is a lock between the River Rotte and Strekvaart in Bergse Plassen in the municipality of Rotterdam .
The Jacksonville Maritime Museum ( JMM ) - now known as the Jacksonville Maritime Heritage Center - tells the maritime history of Jacksonville , Florida , USA , and the First Coast through its connection to the St. Johns River and the Atlantic Ocean .
Ban Laeng ( Thai : ? ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lampang District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 6993 people .
Chakanak ( Persian : چاكانك‎ , also Romanized as Chākānak ; also known as Chākān ) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mary Greeley Medical Center is a 220 bed regional referral center owned by the City of Ames , Iowa .
Xindian District ( Chinese : 新店區 ; pinyin : Xīndiàn Qū ) is an inner city district in the southern part of New Taipei City , Taiwan .
Qahvaj ( Persian : قهوج‎ , also Romanized as Qahvej ; also known as Ghahooj , Qahwa , and Qahwach ) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District , Central District , Avaj County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
West Cape May School District is a community public school district located in West Cape May in Cape May County , New Jersey , United States , that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through sixth grade .
Escondido Charter High School ( colloquially referred to as Charter ) is an independent , co - educational , college preparatory day school for grades 9 - -12 located in Escondido , California .
Siyuri ( Persian : سيوري‎ , also Romanized as Sīyūrī ) is a village in Taghamin Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kurabeh ( Persian : كورابه‎‎ , also Romanized as Kūrābeh ) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pacific Commons is a master - planned , mixed - use development consisting of 840 acres in Fremont , California currently in development by Catellus Development Corporation .
Ostrów Warcki ( ˈɔstruf ˈvart͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kretków ( ˈkrɛtkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Cima de Nomnom is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , loverlooking Cauco in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
125 High Street is a 30-floor postmodern highrise in the Financial District of Boston , Massachusetts .
Reddingmuirhead is a village located in Stirlingshire , Falkirk council area , Central Scotland .
Weber Canyon is a canyon in the Wasatch Range near Ogden , Utah , through which the Weber River flows west toward the Great Salt Lake .
Moskorze ( mɔsˈkɔʐɛ ) ( German : Lenz Ilsenhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Seqdel ( Persian : سقدل‎ , also Romanized as Saqdal ; also known as Bālā Saqdal ) is a village in Yurchi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Tribhuvan University International Cricket Ground or Kirtipur Cricket Ground or TU Cricket Ground is a cricket ground in Kirtipur just outside Kathmandu , Nepal .
1717 East Ninth Building , also known as the East Ohio Building , is a skyscraper in Downtown Cleveland , Ohio 's emerging Nine - Twelve District .
The Taylor Highway ( numbered Alaska Route 5 ) is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska that extends 160 miles ( 258 km ) from Tetlin Junction , about 11 miles ( 17 km ) south of Tok on the Alaska Highway , to Eagle .
Brzumin ( ˈbʐumin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Aliabad - e Vali Shahanvazi ( Persian : علي ابادولي شهنوازي‎‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Valī Shahanvāzī ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , the village 's population was 536 and 118 families .
The Abner Williams Log House is a historic log cabin in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
Khomrutuiyeh ( Persian : خمروتوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Khomrūtū’īyeh ) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dores ( Scottish Gaelic : Duras ) is a village located on the south shore of Loch Ness , 10 km south west of the city of Inverness , in the Highland council area of Scotland .
The Bullock - Clifton House is a historic home in the Deer Park neighborhood of Louisville , Kentucky , USA .
Bear Mountain Indian Mission School is a historic Native American missionary school in Amherst , Virginia .
Dennis Franklin Cromarty High School , also known as DFC High School , is a high school for aboriginal students located in Thunder Bay , Ontario , and is administered by the Northern Nishnawbe Education Council ( NNEC ) .
Avilaq ( Persian : اويلق‎ , also Romanized as Āvīlaq and Avīlaq ; also known as Āblī , Ālbī , and Avli ) is a village in Sina Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Waskaganish ( Cree : ᐙᔅᑳᐦᐄᑲᓂᔥ/Wâskâhîkaniš , Little House ) is a Cree community of over 2,200 people at the mouth of the Rupert River on the south - east shore of James Bay in the Eeyou Istchee territory in Northern Quebec , Canada .
Mulholland Drive is a street and road in the eastern Santa Monica Mountains of Southern California .
Boriavi is a city and industrial+residential part of Anand city and a municipality in Anand district in the state of Gujarat , India .
The MacDougal - Sullivan Gardens Historic District is a small historic district consisting of 22 houses located at 74 - 96 MacDougal Street and 170 - 188 Sullivan Street between Houston and Bleecker Streets in the South Village neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
The Traymore Hotel was a resort in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
The Churchill Island Marine National Park is a protected marine national park located in Western Port , Victoria , Australia .
Paghman District is situated in the western part of Kabul Province , Afghanistan .
Spring Valley Farm , also known as the Richard Dickson Farm , is a historic home and farm located near Union , Monroe County , West Virginia .
The Indian village of Maasti is located in the taluk of Malur in the district of Kolar , in the State of Karnataka .
Lovejoy Library at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville opened in 1965 and is located on the Stratton Quadrangle of the SIUE campus .
Zwang Peak is a mountain in the Diablo Range , 8 miles ( 13 km ) southwest of Avenal , and about 12 miles ( 19 km ) from Interstate 5 in Kings County , California .
Wyspowo ( vɨsˈpɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Baker 's Camp Covered Bridge , also known as Hillis Bridge , is a covered bridge in northern Putnam County , Indiana , east of the town of Bainbridge .
Madron ( Cornish : Eglosmadern ) is a civil parish and village in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Nambi is a pastoral lease and sheep station located about 65 kilometres ( 40 mi ) north east of Leonora and 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) south east of Leinster in the Goldfields of Western Australia , The station was established in 1899 .
Glenfinnan lies about halfway between Fort William and Mallaig on the picturesque West Highland Railway .
Juchowo ( juˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
In 1938 a part of Norderhov with 268 inhabitants was moved to Hønefoss , and on 1 January 1964 the rest was merged with Hønefoss , Ådal , Tyristrand and Hole to form the new municipality Ringerike .
Strijp is a former town in the Dutch province of North Brabant , now a borough of Eindhoven .
Kiełbasin ( kʲɛu̯ˈbaɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Khromtau ( Kazakh : Хромтау / Xromtaw ) is a town in Aktobe Region of Kazakhstan , the administrative center of Khromtau District .
Nunavakanuk Lake is a lake in the Yukon Delta of Kusilvak Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Pushkar ( Hindi : पुष्कर ) is a town in the Ajmer district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Khazinabad ( Persian : خزين اباد‎ , also Romanized as Khazīnābād , Khaz'anābād , Khazīnehābād , and Khuzānābād ) is a village in Kuhpayeh - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Walton Raceway is an off road vehicle motorsport park located just outside the hamlet of Walton , part of the Municipality of Huron East in Huron County Ontario , Canada .
Mahsnan ( Persian : ماه سنان‎ , also Romanized as Māhsnān ; also known as Māsnān , Māsenān , Māsinu , and Māsīnū ) is a village in Qohestan Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gesmold is a town and former municipality , now part of Melle , in the district of Osnabrück , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Usharal ( Kazakh : Үшарал ; Russian : Ушарал ) is a town in the Alakol District of Almaty Region in south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Copper Peak is a ski flying hill located in Ironwood , Michigan , United States .
Paul Brown Tiger Stadium is a high school football stadium located in Massillon , Ohio .
Fasa County ( Persian : شهرستان فسا‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
Rzymy - Las ( ˈʐɨmɨ ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Estadio Zapote is a planned stadium in Tamaulipas , Mexico , that was planned to be opened in 2011 .
India of Inchinnan is now a commercial site in Inchinnan , Renfrewshire , Scotland , that was formerly used for various industrial uses .
Corner in Celebrities Historic District is a neighborhood located in the north section of Frankfort , Kentucky that is designated an historic district because of the high concentration of structures that previously belonged to notable residents .
Dami Aqa ( Persian : دمي اقا‎ , also Romanized as Damī Āqā ; also known as Dey Āqā ) is a village in Hablerud Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Kent Peninsula is a large peninsula , almost totally surrounded by water , in Nunavut 's northern Canadian Arctic mainland .
The Prairie Band Potawatomi Indian Reservation is an Indian reservation for the Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation located in Jackson County , Kansas .
The Templo Libertad is a synagogue situated in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The Shenandoah Valley Governor 's School is one of Virginia 's 18 state - initiated magnet Governor 's Schools .
The J. C. Carly House , listed on the National Register of Historic Places , is a historic home located in Curtis Park , Sacramento , California .
The Plaza de las Tres Culturas ( `` Square of the Three Cultures '' ) is the main square within the Tlatelolco neighbourhood of Mexico City .
Tarwara is a village panchayat , and the most developed village located in the Siwan district of Bihar state , India , around 90.6 kilometres ( 56.3 mi ) from Patna , the state capital .
Budești ( Romani : Budeshti ) is a small provincial town in Călărași County , approximately 30 km south - east of Bucharest , the capital of Romania .
KINB ( 105.3 FM ) is a sports radio station serving the Oklahoma City area .
The Mount Pleasant Correctional Facility ( MPCF ) is an Iowa Department of Corrections correctional institution located in Mount Pleasant , Iowa , United States .
Mae Pang ( Thai : แม่ปั๋ง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phrao District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
The Anysberg Nature Reserve of 62,500 ha is situated in the western Kleinkaroo region of the Western Cape province , South Africa .
Naperville North High School is a public four - year comprehensive high school located at the corner of Ogden Avenue and Mill Street in the northern - central part of Naperville , Illinois , a western suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Pomerado Hospital is a hospital in Poway , California , operated by Palomar Health .
Archeological Site 38CK44 , also known as Locus 1 , is a historic archaeological site located near Gaffney , Cherokee County , South Carolina .
Awbury Arboretum ( 55 acres ) is a nonprofit arboretum and estate located at 1 Awbury Road in Germantown , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Lucky Peak Lake ( also known as Lucky Peak Reservoir ) is a reservoir on the Boise River in the U.S. state of Idaho .
Moalleman ( Persian : معلمان‎ , also Romanized as Mo``allemān , Maluman , and Mu``allaman ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 190 , in 51 families .
The Henry H. Mayberry House , also known as Splendored and as Riverview is a building in Franklin , Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
Gomeshabad ( Persian : گمش اباد‎ , also Romanized as Gomeshābād ; also known as Gomīshābād ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Kaediyeh ( Persian : كاييديه‎ , also Romanized as Kā’edīyeh and Kaidiyēh ; also known as Qā``edīyeh ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 97 , in 25 families .
The Audubon Center of the North Woods , on Grindstone Lake near Sandstone , Minnesota , is a non - profit residential environmental learning center , wildlife rehabilitation facility , and conference / retreat facility .
Chaleh Zard ( Persian : چاله زرد‎ , also Romanized as Chāleh Zard ) is a village in Khangiran Rural District , in the Central District of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cząstkowice ( t͡ʂɔ̃stkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Частковичі , Chastkovychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Meadows Foundation of Somerset County , New Jersey is a nonprofit corporation founded in 1978 .
The California Academy of Sciences is a natural history museum in San Francisco , California , that is among the largest museums of natural history in the world , housing over 26 million specimens .
Nilavarai ( Tamil : நிலாவரை Nilāvarai ) ( pronounced Nilaa - varai ) is a location in the Jaffna District , Sri Lanka .
KTNQ ( Univision America 1020 ) is a radio station licensed to Los Angeles , California , with a Spanish News / Talk format .
Bulls Cross is a hamlet located in the London Borough of Enfield , north London , and is part of London 's Metropolitan Green Belt .
Małecz ( ˈmawɛt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Loqmani ( Persian : لقماني‎ , also Romanized as Loqmānī ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pine Hill Ecological Reserve is a nature reserve of 403 acres ( 1.63 km2 ) located due east of Folsom Lake in the Sierra Nevada foothills , in El Dorado County , California .
The Sultan Qaboos Stadium at the Sultan Qaboos Sports Complex ( Arabic : مجمع السلطان قابوس الرياضي‎ ) also known locally as , Boshar ( Arabic : بوشر‎ ) , is a government owned multi - purpose stadium in the Boshar district of Muscat , Oman .
The Wonboyn River , an open youthful wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream , is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
The La Jolla Woman 's Club is a historic building in La Jolla , a neighborhood of San Diego , California .
Jajkowo ( jai̯ˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozie , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Kleinrivier Mountains are a mountain range in the Cape Fold Belt of the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Dame Phyllis Frost Centre ( formerly the Deer Park Metropolitan Women 's Correctional Centre ) is a maximum security women 's prison located at Deer Park , Victoria , Australia .
The Tonopah Desert is a small desert plains region of the Sonoran Desert , located west of Phoenix , Arizona .
The Westerly Armory is an historic National Guard armory building located on Railroad Avenue , west of downtown Westerly , Rhode Island .
The North Arlington School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from North Arlington in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Mandres - sur - Vair is a commune in the Vosges département in Lorraine in northeastern France .
Regency Tower is a skyscraper in the northwest section of downtown Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
Carrickmacross ( Irish : Carraig Mhachaire Rois , meaning `` rock of the wooded plain '' ) is a town in County Monaghan , Ireland .
Condesa or La Condesa is a district in the Cuauhtémoc Borough of Mexico City , south of the Zona Rosa and 4 to 5 km west of the Zócalo , the city 's main square .
WHNN is an FM radio station serving the Saginaw , Bay City , Midland and Flint , Michigan areas .
Santa Elisabetta ( Sicilian : Sabbetta ) is a small town ( municipality ) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) south of Palermo and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) north of Agrigento .
St. Lucie Inlet Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park east of Port Salerno on the northern end of Jupiter Island and is accessible only by boat .
Vanajem ( Persian : وناجم‎ , also Romanized as Vanājem ; also known as Vanājān ) is a village in Garmab Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Lung Tsun Stone Bridge ( 龍津橋 ) is a former bridge in Hong Kong , buried during the construction of Kai Tak Airport , which connected the Kowloon Walled City to a pier .
Krosno - Bugaj ( ˈkrɔsnɔ ˈbuɡai̯ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hammer Hill ( Chinese : 斧山 ) is a hill above Ngau Chi Wan in New Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Ashnola Mountain is a mountain in the Okanagan Range of the North Cascades in Washington state , located near Ashnola Pass and the headwaters of the Ashnola River , which flows north into British Columbia , Canada , to join the Similkameen River .
Boland Pey ( Persian : بلندپي‎ ; also known as Khātūnābād , Khātūnābād - e Boland Pey , Boland Pāyeh , and Būland Pāya ) is a village in Sarjam Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ogartowo ( ɔɡarˈtɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Jagertow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Iddefjord separates the Swedish province of Bohuslän in the county of Västra Götaland from the Norwegian municipality of Halden in the county of Østfold .
Whaley Thorns is a former colliery village in Bolsover ( district ) , Derbyshire , close to the Nottinghamshire border .
The Green Animals Topiary Garden , located in Portsmouth , Rhode Island , is the oldest and most northern topiary garden in the United States .
Hudiksvall Municipality ( Hudiksvalls kommun ) is one of Sweden 's 290 municipalities , situated in Gävleborg County , east central Sweden .
The San Francisco Theological Seminary ( SFTS ) is an American graduate school affiliated with the Presbyterian Church ( U.S.A. ) located in San Anselmo , California .
Bonkuy - e Azizollah Qaderi ( Persian : بنكوي عزيزالله قادري‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e `` Azīzollah Qāderī ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Cowbane Prairie Natural Area Preserve is a 63-acre ( 25 ha ) Natural Area Preserve located in Augusta County , Virginia , along the western slope of the Blue Ridge in the Shenandoah Valley .
Machynlleth ( ) , sometimes referred to colloquially as Mach , is a market town and community in Powys , Wales and within the historic boundaries of Montgomeryshire ( ) .
Morcote is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino situated about 10 kilometres from Lugano in the district of Lugano on the shore of Lake Lugano .
Appel Farm Arts and Music Center , located near Elmer , in Salem County , New Jersey , USA , is a multifaceted nonprofit regional arts center founded by musicians and art educators Albert and Clare Rostan Appel .
Navajo Mountain ( Navajo : Naatsisʼáán ) is a peak in San Juan County , Utah , with its southern flank extending into Coconino County , Arizona .
The Shoppes at Buckland Hills , formerly known as Buckland Hills Mall and The Pavilions at Buckland Hills , is a shopping mall located in Manchester , Connecticut .
Conestoga , Pennsylvania is a small community in and census - designated place in Conestoga Township in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Pocono Mountain School District ( PMSD for short ) is a large , rural public school district located in Monroe County , in northeastern Pennsylvania , United States .
Nysa on the Maeander was an ancient city of Anatolia , whose remains are in the Sultanhisar district of Aydın Province of Turkey , 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) east of the Ionian city of Ephesus .
Ludwigskirche in Old Saarbrücken , Germany , is a Lutheran baroque - style church .
Mallacoota Airport ( IATA : XMC , ICAO : YMCO ) is located at Mallacoota , Victoria , Australia .
Caesars Head is a mountain within Caesars Head State Park in northern Greenville County , South Carolina within Cleveland .
DuQuoin State Fairgrounds Racetrack is a one - mile ( 1.6-km ) clay oval motor racetrack in Du Quoin , Illinois , about 90 miles ( 140 km ) southeast of St Louis , Missouri .
The Navarre - Anderson Trading Post is a former trading post complex located at 3775 North Custer Road in Frenchtown Charter Township along the River Raisin in Monroe County , Michigan .
Nanbaishe ( Chinese : 南柏舍镇 ) is a township - level division of Zhao County , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Cawdor ( Scottish Gaelic : Caladar ) is a village and parish in the Highland council area , Scotland .
Do Rah - e Bahram Beygi ( Persian : دوراه بهرام بيگي‎ , also Romanized as Do Rāh - e Bahrām Beygī ; also known as Derā , Do Rāh , and Dorrā ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Undercliff State Hospital was a roughly 40-acre ( 16 ha ) hospital situated on Undercliff Road , Meriden , Connecticut .
Anjavarud ( Persian : انجاورود‎ , also Romanized as Anjāvarūd and Anjāverūd ; also known as Anjarū and Anjauru ) is a village in Direh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Jawory - Wielkopole ( jaˈvɔrɨ vjɛlkɔˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Albury Sports Ground is a sporting venue that is primarily used for Australian Rules football and cricket , and is located in central Albury , New South Wales , Australia , not far from the city 's central business district .
Seyyed Zeyn ol Abedin ( Persian : سيدزين العابدين‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Zeyn ol `` Ābedīn ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 312 , in 77 families .
Alberton Cemetery is located at the end of Parker Street , Alberton , South Australia .
Mullahera is one of the very few villages in Haryana to have a gender ratio that is above 1,188 women to 1,000 men .
West Down is a civil parish and village located in North Devon , England , between Braunton and Ilfracombe .
Rosebud Sioux Tribal Airport ( ICAO : KSUO , FAA LID : SUO ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the central business district of Rosebud , in Todd County , South Dakota , United States .
Yerpedu or Erpedu is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Harold H. Malkmes Wildlife Education and Ecology Center is a park , zoo , and ecology site in Holtsville , New York and operated by the Town of Brookhaven , and located on the site of a former landfill .
Torbeh ( Persian : تربه‎ ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
On January 1 , 2005 the municipality Eibergen merged with the municipalities of Neede , Borculo and Ruurlo into the municipality of Berkelland .
Greatham Church ( the dedication is unrecorded ) is the Anglican parish church of the hamlet of Greatham in the district of Horsham , one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex .
Qebleh Ei Do ( Persian : قبله اي دو‎ , also Romanized as Qebleh Eī Do and Qebleh’ī - ye Do ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Razaviyeh District ( Persian : بخش رضویه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Peter Burr House was built between 1751 and 1755 near present - day Shenandoah Junction , West Virginia , making it one of the oldest houses in West Virginia .
Qstock is an annual two - day rock festival held at the end of July in Oulu , Finland .
Gorzechówko ( ɡɔʐɛˈxufkɔ ) ( German : Hochheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Merionethshire or Merioneth ( Welsh : Meirionnydd or Sir Feirionnydd ) is one of thirteen historic counties of Wales , a vice county and a former administrative county .
Pittsgrove Presbyterian Church is a historic church on Main Street in the Daretown neighborhood of Upper Pittsgrove Township , Salem County , New Jersey , United States .
The Schnalstal ( Italian : Val Senales ) is a side valley of the Vinschgau in the autonomous province of South Tyrol , Italy .
Induno Olona is a town and comune in Italy , in north - western Lombardy , 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) north of Milan , in the Province of Varese .
Michalków ( mʲiˈxalkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Intiö Water Tower ( Finnish : Intiön vesitorni ) is an unused water tower in Oulu , Finland .
Tullibody Old Kirk is a ruined 12th - century church in Tullibody , Clackmannanshire , Scotland .
The B&O Railroad Museum is a museum exhibiting historic railroad equipment in Baltimore , Maryland , originally named the Baltimore & Ohio Transportation Museum when it opened on July 4 , 1953 .
Korytno ( kɔˈrɨtnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Los Angeles Air Route Traffic Control Center ( ICAO : KZLA , FAA LID : ZLA ) is an air traffic control center located in Palmdale , California , United States .
The Lasell Neighborhood Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Woodland and Studio Roads , Aspen and Seminary Avenue , and Grove Street in Newton , Massachusetts village of Auburndale , Massachusetts .
Wearde is a southeastern suburb of Saltash in Cornwall , England , UK .
Christow is a village , parish and former manor located on the edge of Dartmoor National Park , Devon , England .
Inchhapuri is a mid - sized Yadav village located in the Pataudi tehsil of district Gurgaon in the Indian state of Haryana , known for its temples and people .
Waun Camddwr is a top of Aran Fawddwy in the south of the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd , Wales .
Piersna ( ˈpjɛrsna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęcław , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Boyertown Area School District is a large public school district which covers portions of Berks and Montgomery Counties in southeastern Pennsylvania .
Priesendorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ( Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ) of Lisberg .
Turleigh is a hamlet in west Wiltshire , England .
The Lehner Mammoth - Kill Site is a location in southern Arizona that is significant for its association with evidence that mammoths were killed here by Paleo - Indians 9000 years BCE .
Trkusów ( ˈtrkusuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Poague House is a two and a half story , three - bay , hall - parlor , dry - stone house built in the first half of the 19th century by future Kentucky Governor , Thomas Metcalfe for William Poague .
The Wingan River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment , located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Meurthe - et - Moselle is part of the administrative region of Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine and the traditional region of Lorraine and is surrounded by the departments of Meuse , Vosges , Bas - Rhin , and Moselle ; and by the nations of Luxembourg and Belgium .
Whetstone Mountain , elevation 12,527 ft ( 3,818 m ) , is a summit in the Gunnison National Forest of western Colorado .
Tabley Inferior is a civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire East and ceremonial county of Cheshire in England .
Omurtag Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Омуртаг ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Targovishte Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located in the so - called Fore - Balkan area north of the Stara planina mountain .
The Starling Childs Camp is a historic cottage on the south shore of Doolittle Lake in Norfolk , Connecticut .
Bridgham Farm is an historic farm in East Providence , Rhode Island .
George K. Crozer Mansion , also known as Netherleigh , was a historic mansion located at Upland , Delaware County , Pennsylvania .
Ban Ruean ( Thai : บ้านเรือน ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Pa Sang District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 4388 people .
Roseaux ( Haitian Creole : Wozo ) is a commune in the Corail Arrondissement , in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti .
Kamal Sarak ( Persian : كمل سرك‎ ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Borownia ( bɔˈrɔvɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Vilaller is a town and municipality in the comarca of Alta Ribagorça in Catalonia , Spain .
West 12 Shepherd 's Bush ( formerly the Concorde Centre ) is a shopping centre in Shepherd 's Bush in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
Stupnytsia ( Ukrainian : Ступниця , Polish : Stupnica ) is a village ( selo ) in Drohobych Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Baqerabad - e Tork ( Persian : باقرابادترك‎ , also Romanized as Bāqerābād - e Tork ; also known as Torkeh Bāqerābād , Bāqirābād , and Bāqerābād ) is a village in Basharyat - e Sharqi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Samad Khan ( Persian : كلاته صمدخان‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Şamad Khān and Kalāteh Şamad Khān ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Şamad ) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Qahqah ( Persian : قهقه‎ ; also known as Qahqaheh ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Norcliffe Chapel is in the village of Styal , Cheshire , England .
The Sayre and Fisher Reading Room , in Sayreville , Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States , was constructed in 1883 for recreational use and for showcasing the Sayre and Fisher Brick Company ornamental products .
Ganjehi ( Persian : گنجه اي‎ , also Romanized as Ganjeh’ī ; also known as Ganjeh ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Chenar Shahijan District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Cavalese ( German : Gaßlöss ) is a comune of 4,004 inhabitants in Trentino , northern Italy , a ski resort and the main center in the Fiemme Valley .
Mankada is a hillside village in the Malappuram district of Kerala state .
Waterstock is village and civil parish on the River Thame about 4.5 miles ( 7 km ) west of the market town of Thame in Oxfordshire .
Eldora Mountain Resort is a ski area in the southwest corner of Boulder County , Colorado , near the unincorporated community of Eldora and 3 miles ( 5 km ) west of the town of Nederland .
The Stuttgart Metropolitan Region is a metropolitan region in Germany consisting of the cities of Stuttgart , Heilbronn , Tübingen / Reutlingen .
Chalno ( ˈxalnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Stanisławów Nowy ( staniˈswavuf ˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cher Chera ( Persian : چرچرا‎ , also Romanized as Cher Cherā ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Galt Historic Railway Park , collects , preserves , restores , exhibits and interprets artifacts which represent the history and social impact of the `` steam '' era in southern Alberta and the coal era , with emphasis on Galt Railway and the 1890 International Train Station Depot North West Territories from Coutts / Sweetgrass .
The Hermitage Hotel , is a historic hotel located at 231 6th Avenue North in Nashville , Tennessee .
Palo Alto Art Center is multi - purpose center for various art - related activities in the city of Palo Alto , California .
Musée Requien or Museum Requien is a natural history museum in Avignon , France .
Kississing Lake is a lake in western Manitoba , Canada approximately 30 kilometres northeast of Flin Flon .
The Rheinwaldhorn ( Italian : Adula ) is the highest point in the Swiss canton of Ticino at 3,402 metres above sea level .
Kvitegga is a mountain on the border between Stranda Municipality and Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
WLYB ( 96.3 FM ) is an American radio station serving the community of Livingston , the county seat of Sumter County , Alabama .
Geraldton / Hutchison Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNE6 ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) north of Geraldton , Ontario , Canada .
Yeshiva Shaar Hatorah is a yeshiva in Queens , New York that includes a high school and a program for post - high school men ( yeshiva gedola ) .
Modolo ( Sardinian : Mòdolo ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Oristano .
Calcoed is a small village in Flintshire , Wales .
Yeshiva Torah Vodaas ( or Mesivta Torah Vodaas ) is a yeshiva in the Kensington neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York .
Chenaqchi - ye Sofla ( Persian : چناقچي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chenāqchī - ye Soflá , Chanāqchī - ye Soflá , and Chonāqchī - ye Soflá ; also known as Chanāqchī - ye Pā’īn and Chunāqcheh Sufla ) is a village in Duzaj Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Wylie 's Baths is a tidal pool near Coogee Beach , in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia , noted for holding the first Australian Swimming Championships and for being one of the first swimming baths for mixed gender swimming in Australia .
Meesden is a village in the Brent Pelham and Meesden civil parish of the East Hertfordshire district of Hertfordshire , England .
Gapu ( Chinese : 嘎普乡 ) is a village and township in Bainang County , in the Shigatse prefecture - level city of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
The Little Mackinaw River is an 18.5-mile - long ( 29.8 km ) river in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Elizabeth Stubbs House is a historic home located at Little Creek , Kent County , Delaware .
Beiseker Airport , ( TC LID : CFV2 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) east of Beiseker , Alberta , Canada along Alberta Highway 9 .
Pil Darreh ( Persian : پيلدره‎ , also Romanized as Pīl Darreh ; also known as Pīlidarreh ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
South Manitou Island is located in Lake Michigan , approximately 16 miles ( 26 km ) west of Leland , Michigan .
Rhineland - Palatinate ( German : Rheinland - Pfalz , pronounced ( ˈʁaɪ̯nlant ˈp͡falt͡s ) ) is one of the 16 states ( German : Bundesländer ) of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Schines Auburn Theatre is a historic theatre building located at 12 - 14 South Street between Genesee and Lincoln Streets in Auburn , New York .
Barack Obama Academy is a small alternative middle school in Oakland , California .
Brénod is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France
Legg Mason Tower is a 24-story glass high - rise located at 100 International Drive in Baltimore 's Harbor East development .
The Southbridge - Sargent Manufacturing District encompasses a collection of three 19th - century factory buildings near a historically important railroad junction in southern Worcester , Massachusetts .
Ab Barik - e Kuchek ( Persian : اب باريك كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bārīk - e Kūcheḵ ; also known as Āb Bārīk ) is a village in Hablerud Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Elko Speedway , is a 3/8 mile asphalt oval race track located in Elko New Market , Minnesota .
Glenbrook South High School , or GBS , is a public four - year high school located in Glenview , Illinois , a north suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Bermeh Tappeh ( Persian : برمه تپه‎ ; also known as Borom Tappeh ) is a village in Chaharduli - ye Gharbi Rural District , Chaharduli District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Setcases ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌsɛtˈkazəs ) or ( ˌsɛˈkːazəs ) ; literally meaning `` Seven Houses '' , set `` seven '' and cases `` houses '' ) is a municipality and town in the Pyrenean comarca of Ripollès in Girona , Catalonia , Spain , near the French border .
Edgar County Airport ( ICAO : KPRG , FAA LID : PRG ) is a public - use airport in Edgar County , Illinois , United States .
Collins Bay Airport , ( IATA : YKC , ICAO : CYKC ) , is located near to Collins Bay , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Bulkington is a large village and former parish in the Nuneaton and Bedworth district of Warwickshire , England .
Tuinan ( Persian : توينان‎ , also Romanized as Ţūīnān ; also known as Ţūnīān and Tūnīān ) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Węgoryty ( vɛŋɡɔˈrɨtɨ ) ( German : Wangritten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Kings Highway Bridge was located on the Nansemond River in the independent city of Suffolk , Virginia , United States .
Dargeçit ( Syriac : ܟܪܒܘܪܢ‎ Kerburan , Kurdish : Kerboran ) is a district of the Mardin Province of Turkey , traditionally an Assyrian / Syriac town .
Blake Channel is a channel in Southeast Alaska , U.S.A. It extends 19.3 kilometres ( 12.0 mi ) , separating the southeastern part of Wrangell Island from the mainland .
Oštrelj ( Cyrillic : Оштрељ ) is a village in the municipality of Bor , Serbia .
Bowman 's Hill Wildflower Preserve ( 134 acres ) is a nature preserve , botanical garden , and accredited museum located at 1635 River Road ( Pennsylvania Route 32 ) , New Hope , Pennsylvania .
Mainbernheim is a municipality in Bavaria , Germany,4 kilometers to the south of Kitzingen ( Landkreis , district of Kitzingen ) in the direction of Nürnberg .
The Collins Waterfront Architectural District is a historic district in Miami Beach , Florida , that includes 110 contributing buildings and structures built in the late 1940s , 1950s and 1960s , centering on Collins Avenue .
Rogate is a village and civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex , England in the Western Rother valley .
The San Joaquin River National Wildlife Refuge is a protected area of along the San Joaquin River in the northern San Joaquin Valley , California .
Schwendisee is a small lake above Wildhaus on the slopes of the Churfirsten , in Toggenburg , Canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland .
Braszowice ( braʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Baumgarten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bertie High School a public high school located in Windsor , North Carolina .
Miankuh Mahalleh ( Persian : ميانكوه محله‎ , also Romanized as Mīānkūh Maḩalleh ; also known as Mīānkū Maḩalleh ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jarostów ( jaˈrɔstuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Łęczyska ( wɛnˈt͡ʂɨska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Daoli District ( simplified Chinese : 道里区 ; traditional Chinese : 道里區 ; pinyin : Dàolǐ Qū ) is one of nine districts of Harbin , the capital of Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China , forming part of the city 's urban core .
North Mecklenburg High School is a high school in Huntersville , in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Palmer College of Chiropractic is the founding college of chiropractic and is located in Davenport , Iowa .
Cosley Zoo is an AZA - accredited zoo located in Wheaton , Illinois , USA .
The Peteetneet Museum and Cultural Arts Center , located in Payson , Utah , is named after Chief Peteetneet , the indigenous clan leader of a Tumpanawach ( Timpanogos ) Ute band .
The Selayar Islands Regency is a regency of Indonesia in South Sulawesi province that covers the Selayar Islands , which lie to the south of Sulawesi .
Shand - e Dinar ( Persian : شنددينار‎ , also Romanized as Shand - e Dīnār ; also known as Pāsgāh - e Shandīnār and Pāsgāh - e Jadīdich ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mittelholstein ( `` central Holstein '' ) is an Amt ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district of Rendsburg - Eckernförde , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Sizeh ( Persian : سيزه‎ , also Romanized as Sīzeh ) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Konzenberg ( 498 m above sea level ) is located in Bavaria in Germany .
The Mill Green Historic District is a National Register of Historic Places listed community located in Street , Maryland .
Jubilee Hills is a posh suburban neighbourhood in west Hyderabad , Telangana .
Queyujuq ( Persian : قويوجوق‎ , also Romanized as Qūeyūjūq ; also known as Guyudzhu , Gūyūju , Qeyūjūq , and Qūyjūq Khān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Silverthrone Caldera is a potentially active caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located over 350 kilometres ( 220 mi ) northwest of the city of Vancouver and about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) west of Mount Waddington in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains .
The Attucks School , also known as Southeast Elementary School or Attucks Alternative Academy , in Vinita , Oklahoma is significant in `` education and black ethnic heritage '' .
The House at 230 Melrose Street in the Auburndale section of Newton , Massachusetts , is one of the village 's most elaborately decorated houses .
Wólka Duża ( ˈvulka ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mandalapalli ( Telugu : మ౦దలపలి ) is a Village in Dammapeta mandal in Khammam district , Telangana .
Borczysko ( bɔrˈt͡ʂɨskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Camden County Library is the county library system located in Camden County , New Jersey .
Skelly Field at H. A. Chapman Stadium ( often shortened to Chapman Stadium ) is a football stadium located on the campus of the University of Tulsa in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Dezak - e Sarcheshmeh ( Persian : دزك سرچشمه‎ , also Romanized as Dezzak - e Sarcheshmeh ) is a village in Doab Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Buckshoal Farm is a property along with a historic home located near Omega , Halifax County , Virginia .
Cormontibo ( Cormotibo , Kormotibo ) is a town in western French Guiana , close to the border with Suriname .
Wielowicz ( vjɛˈlɔvit͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Confederate Monument in Harrodsburg , located at the entrance to Spring Hill Cemetery in Harrodsburg , Kentucky , is a statue listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Rogoźnica - Kolonia ( rɔɡɔʑˈɲit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Tinkling Spring Presbyterian Church , is a Presbyterian church founded in 1740 which is the second - oldest Presbyterian congregation in the `` Valley of Virginia '' ( the Shenandoah Valley ) .
West Gippsland Hospital is a regional hospital in Warragul , Victoria , first established in 1888 on land donated by a local resident , Mary Sargeant .
Kos or Cos ( English pronunciation : /kɒs/ ) ( Greek : Κως , Greek pronunciation : ( kos ) ) is a Greek island , part of the Dodecanese island chain in the southeastern Aegean Sea , off the Anatolian coast of Turkey .
Sayegan ( Persian : سايگان‎ , also Romanized as Sāyegān ; also known as Sāyehgān and Sīāh Gāh ) is a village in Damen Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kogutek Kosmołowski ( kɔˈɡutɛk kɔsmɔˈwɔfski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Eugene Apartments is a building complex located in northwest Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
30 Rockefeller Plaza is an American Art Deco skyscraper that forms the centerpiece of Rockefeller Center in midtown Manhattan , New York City , NY .
Thirunanthikarai is a village situated in Thirparappu panchayath , in the Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Ménesqueville is a commune in the Eure department and Haute - Normandie region of north - western France .
Franklin County Regional Airport ( FAA LID : N68 ) , formerly known as Chambersburg Municipal Airport , is a general aviation airport located three miles ( 5 km ) north of the Borough of Chambersburg , in Franklin County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Pixley Airport ( FAA LID : P27 , formerly Q90 ) , also known as Harmon Field , was a county - owned public - use airport located in Tulare County , California , United States , one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southwest of the central business district of Pixley , California .
Marty 's Tranquility Base ( FAA LID : 45D ) is a privately owned , public - use seaplane base located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southwest of the central business district of Prior Lake , a city in Scott County , Minnesota , United States .
Mosaki - Rukle ( mɔˈsaki ˈruklɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bishop 's Hull is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated in the western suburbs of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Chulcheh ( Persian : چولچه‎ , also Romanized as Chūlcheh ; also known as Choldzhekh and Chūleh ) is a village in Ijrud - e Pain Rural District , Halab District , Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Tashkanan ( Persian : تش كانان‎ , also Romanized as Tashkānān ; also known as Ashkanun , Ţashjānān , Tashkāhenān , and Tashtjānān ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dryhope Tower is a ruined Scottish peel tower in the valley of the Yarrow Water , in the historic county of Selkirkshire , now part of the Scottish Borders .
The Atlantis House ( German : Haus Atlantis ) on Böttcherstraße in the old town of Bremen in the north of Germany is an interesting example of German architecture in the interwar period .
The Apollonia Museum ( also known as the Susa Museum ) is a museum , located in Susa , Libya .
The Park Avenue Viaduct is a roadway in the Manhattan borough of New York City that carries Park Avenue from East 40th to 46th Streets around Grand Central Terminal and the MetLife Building then through the Helmsley Building ; all three buildings lie across the line of the avenue .
Stare Bożejewo ( ˈstarɛ bɔʐɛˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bayworth was part of Berkshire until the 1974 boundary changes transferred it to Oxfordshire .
Treixedo is a village ( census in 2001 counted 1,104 people ) and a former civil parish in the municipality of Santa Comba Dão , Portugal .
Langley Vale is a residential locality of Epsom and Ewell Borough traditionally part of Epsom in the English county of Surrey .
Klavdiievo - Tarasove ( Ukrainian : Клавдієво-Тарасове ) is an urban - type settlement in Borodianka Raion ( district ) of Kiev Oblast ( province ) in northern Ukraine .
Yongde County ( 永德县 ; pinyin : Yǒngdé Xiàn ) is located in Lincang Prefecture , Yunnan , China .
Cumberland Terrace is a neoclassical terrace on the eastern side of Regent 's Park in the London Borough of Camden , completed in 1826 .
Edwards Building is a historic department store building located at Rochester in Monroe County , New York .
The Calvary Baptist Theological Seminary ( CBS ) was an evangelical seminary in the Baptist tradition , located in Lansdale , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Philadelphia .
The Joseph Webb House is a historic Georgian - style house at 211 Main Street in Wethersfield , Connecticut .
Maranguape is a municipality in Ceará with 102,982 .
Mountwest Community and Technical College is the name of a public community college serving the metropolitan Huntington , West Virginia area in the United States .
The Clarence Darrow Octagon House is a historic octagon house in the community of Kinsman , Ohio , United States .
The Palmyra Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that offers a wide range of educational programs for the residents of Palmyra , in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
Sugar House Park , or Sugarhouse Park , is located between I-80 , 2100 South , 1300 East , and 1700 East in the Sugar House neighborhood of Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
Las Vegas Motor Speedway , located in Clark County , Nevada in Las Vegas , Nevada about 15 miles northeast of the Las Vegas Strip , is a 1,200-acre ( 490 ha ) complex of multiple tracks for motorsports racing .
The Grotte du Lazaret ( English : Cave of Le Lazaret ) is a cave now in the eastern suburbs of the French town of Nice and now overlooking the Mediterranean Sea .
The Hanoverton Canal Town District is a 23-acre ( 9.3 ha ) area along Route 30 in Hanoverton , Ohio characterized by examples of canal - era architecture of the early to mid-19th century .
Jizabad - e Shahan Garmab ( Persian : جيزابادشاهان گرماب‎ , also Romanized as Jīzābād - e Shāhān Garmāb ; also known as Jīzābād and Kheyrābād ) is a village in Abravan Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chel Shah Hashem ( Persian : چل شه هاشم‎ , also Romanized as Chel Shah Hāshem ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Middle Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert , within the Mojave National Preserve , in eastern San Bernardino County , southern California .
Hoover Dam , once known as Boulder Dam , is a concrete arch - gravity dam in the Black Canyon of the Colorado River , on the border between the U.S. states of Nevada and Arizona .
Kocanowo ( kɔt͡saˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gary Hogan Field is a baseball venue located in Little Rock , Arkansas , USA .
WAHR ( 99.1 FM , `` Star 99.1 '' ) is an American mainstream adult contemporary music - formatted radio station licensed to serve Huntsville , Alabama .
Vasefjan ( Persian : واصفجان‎ , also Romanized as Vāşefjān , Vāşfejān , and Vāşf Jān ) is a village in Karasht Rural District , in the Bumehen District of Pardis County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Karimlu ( Persian : كريملو‎ , also Romanized as Karīmlū ; also known as Hamvār Kand ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Fifehead Neville is a village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England , situated in the Blackmore Vale about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southwest of the town of Sturminster Newton in the North Dorset administrative district .
Dolno Perovo ( Macedonian : Долно Перово ) , or simply Perovo , is a village north of Lake Prespa in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia .
The Stoomgemaal Vier Noorder Koggen is a pumping station and listed building located on the IJsselmeer at Medemblik in the Netherlands .
Jannatabad - e Yek ( Persian : جنت اباد1‎ , also Romanized as Jannatābād - e Yek ; also known as Jannatābād - e Nāderī ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sully Historic Site , more commonly known as Sully Plantation , is a national historic place and Virginia landmark in Chantilly , Virginia .
Creamer 's Field Migratory Waterfowl Refuge is an 1,800 acre ( 7.3 km² ) bird sanctuary , located within the Fairbanks North Star Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska and partially within the city limits of Fairbanks .
Geduk ( Persian : گدوك‎ , also Romanized as Gedūk ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Downtown Brandon Historic District is a ten acre district consisting of the downtown square of Brandon , Mississippi , mainly located along a section of East and West Government Street .
Moniuszki ( mɔˈɲuʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Črnomerec ( Croatian pronunciation : ( t͡ʃr̩noměːret͡s ) ) is one of the city districts of Zagreb , Croatia .
Dhakna Badola is a village situated in Champawat Tehsil and located in Champawat district of Uttarakhand , India .
Orland High School is a public high school in Orland , California , United States , a city northwest of Sacramento , California and south of Redding , California .
Grešlové Mýto ( German : Gröschlmaut ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
The River Brent starts as the junction of Dollis Brook and Mutton Brook close to Bridge Lane in Hendon , in the London Borough of Barnet .
Rud Pahn ( Persian : رودپهن‎ , also Romanized as Rūd Pahn ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tombstone Territorial Park is a territorial park in Yukon , Canada .
Farm to Market Road 970 , or FM 970 , is a highway in Texas .
Bishop Ford Central Catholic High School was a private , Roman Catholic high school in the Park Slope section of Brooklyn , New York .
The McNeil River is a river on the eastern drainage of the Alaska Peninsula near its base and conjunction with the Alaska mainland .
Neuburg an der Donau , literally Newcastle on the river Danube , is a town which is the capital of the Neuburg - Schrobenhausen district in the state of Bavaria in Germany .
Borj - e Eyvaz ( Persian : برج عيوض‎ , also Romanized as Borj - e `` Eyvaẕ ) is a village in Zalian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Maryborough Castlemaine District Football League is an Australian rules football league based in central Victoria .
Sam Bass Hollow is a valley in Palo Pinto County , Texas , in the United States .
In contrast to Beemster and Schermer , Purmer is not a municipality in its own right , being divided among the municipalities of Purmerend , Edam - Volendam , and Waterland .
Bierzewice ( bjɛʐɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Saint Donatus Catholic Church is a parish of the Archdiocese of Dubuque located in the Jackson County , Iowa community of St. Donatus .
Sokólsko ( sɔˈkulskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Pontiac Community Consolidated School District 429 is a school district headquartered in Pontiac , Illinois , United States , serving three elementary schools and one junior high school .
CKOF - FM is a French - language Canadian radio station located in Gatineau , Quebec ( near Ottawa , Ontario ) .
Horner House and Barn , also known as Alexander Horner House and Locust Grive Farm , is a historic home and barn located at Cumberland Township , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
De Montfort Hall is a music and performance venue in Leicester , England .
Winnapaug Pond ( also known as Brightman Pond ) is a breached saltwater pond in Westerly , Rhode Island , United States , connected to Block Island Sound by the Weekapaug Breachway , which was constructed during the mid-1950s .
Winter Park Resort is an alpine ski resort in Winter Park , Colorado in the Rocky Mountains .
El Zabal is an industrial village and northern suburb of La Línea de la Concepción in the Province of Cádiz , Andalucia , Spain .
Jacobs Ranch is a large open - pit coal mine located 15 miles southwest of Wright , Wyoming in the coal - rich Powder River Basin .
Rachub is a small village of about 900 people in Dyffryn Ogwen ( Ogwen Valley ) , Gwynedd , Wales , about half a mile away from the nearby , larger village of Bethesda .
The Towers at Park Lane is a 23 story building in the Brackenridge Park area of San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Wilhelmstrasse ( German : Wilhelmstraße , see ß ) is a major thoroughfare in the central Mitte and Kreuzberg districts of Berlin , Germany .
The Great Cypress Swamp ( also known as Great Pocomoke Swamp , Cypress Swamp , or Big Cypress Swamp ) , is a forested freshwater swamp located on the Delmarva Peninsula in south Delaware and southeastern Maryland .
Near Koblenz in the Aargau , the river Aar joins the Rhine .
Camp Rhododendron , also known as Camp Rhododendron Recreational Historic District , is a historic Civilian Conservation Corps camp and national historic district located at Cooper 's Rock State Forest near Morgantown , Monongalia County , West Virginia .
The Walter Cliff Ranch District , at 7635 Old HW 395 in Washoe Valley , Nevada is a historic site that was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .
Qeshlaq - e Chenar ( Persian : قشلاق چنار‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Chenār ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
High School for Arts and Business is a public high school in New York City , located in Corona in the borough of Queens .
Dąbrowo ( dɔmˈbrɔvɔ ) ( German : Heinrichswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cherry Bowl Drive - In Theatre & Diner , previously known as The Honor , is a historic drive - in theater and diner in Honor , Michigan on US Highway 31 ( US 31 ) .
Lake Banksiadale is a man - made reservoir located in the Peel region of Western Australia .
Rogil is a Portuguese civil parish / freguesia in Aljezur Municipality .
Franulka ( fraˈnulka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Zetea ( Hungarian : Zetelaka , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈzɛtɛlɒkɒ ) ) is a commune in Harghita County , Romania .
Spartanburg Methodist College is a private , two - year institution of higher learning , or junior college , located in Spartanburg , South Carolina .
Euclid Beach Park ( 1895 -- September 28 , 1969 ) was a popular amusement park located on the southern shore of Lake Erie in the Collinwood neighborhood of Cleveland , Ohio .
India Wharf ( 1804-c . 1962 ) in Boston , Massachusetts , flourished in the 19th century , when it was one of the largest commercial wharves in the port .
Butler Catholic School is a Catholic private elementary school located in Butler , Pennsylvania , USA .
The Shire of Delatite was a local government area in Victoria , Australia , located in the north - east part of the state .
Cambridge Lawns is a residential neighborhood of single - family homes near the University of Miami and joined by proximity and a common front onto tree - lined Broad Canal ( aka Brewer Canal ) , a waterway of the City of South Miami in Miami - Dade County , Florida .
Zembrzus - Mokry Grunt ( ˈzɛmbʐus ˈmɔkrɨ ˈɡrunt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Victoria City Rowing Club is a non - profit rowing club located at Elk Lake in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Bowerhope is a village off the A708 , in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , on the banks of St Mary 's Loch in Ettrick Forest .
The Little Pipe Creek bridge and viaduct is a 705-foot ( 215 m ) continuous truss bridge with main span and 19 viaduct sections as well as an active railroad trestle crossing Little Pipe Creek south of Keymar , Maryland .
Saraskand - e Sofla ( Persian : سراسكندسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarāskand - e Soflá ; also known as Āzarān - e Pā’īn , Sarāskand - e Pā’īn , and Sareskand - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nebrowo Wielkie ( nɛˈbrɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Nebrau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Talineh - ye Dudera ( Persian : طلينه دودرا‎ , also Romanized as Ţalīneh - ye Dūderā '' ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Seyne is a commune in the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence department , and in the region of Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , in southeastern France .
Sierosławiec ( ɕɛrɔˈswavjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Chel Rubah ( Persian : چل روباه‎ , also Romanized as Chel Rūbāh ; also known as Chehelrūbāh ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bridgwater is a market town and civil parish in Somerset , England .
Maesycwmmer ( Welsh : Maesycwmer ) is a village and community in the centre of Caerphilly County Borough in Wales , within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire .
Pontiac Lake Recreation Area is located in White Lake Township , Oakland County , Michigan , just west of Waterford , Michigan .
Dallam Tower is a grade I listed country house in Beetham parish , near Milnthorpe , South Lakeland , Cumbria , England .
Ernst - Reuter - Platz is a town square in Charlottenburg , Berlin , Germany .
Hotočina ( Serbian : Хоточина ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The John Dunlap House , also known as Gilman Mansion , is an historic house located at 4 Oak Street in Brunswick , Maine , United States .
St Columb Major ( Cornish : S. Colom Veur ) is a civil parish and town in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Wólka Cycowska ( ˈvulka t͡sɨˈt͡sɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Talui is the second biggest township in Ukhrul district , Manipur state , India .
Mamulah ( Persian : معموله‎ , also Romanized as Mamūlah ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ruszkówek ( ruʂˈkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Alishari ( Persian : عليشاري‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīshārī ) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 47 , in 16 families .
Prosinko ( prɔˈɕinkɔ ) ( German : Hammer ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kerrobert is a town in west central Saskatchewan .
Kand - e Qabrestan ( Persian : كنده قبرستان‎ , also Romanized as Kand - e Qabrestān ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Daan Forest Park or Da'an Park is a public park located near the centre of the Da'an District of Taipei , Taiwan .
Lou Brock Sports Complex is college athletic complex located in St. Charles Missouri that includes a baseball stadium and softball stadium .
Oliver Municipal Airport ( TC LID : CAU3 ) is a registered aerodrome located adjacent to Oliver , British Columbia , Canada .
Chyrzyna ( xɨˈʐɨna ) ( Ukrainian : Хирина ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Qajarabad ( Persian : قجراباد‎ , also Romanized as Qajarābād ) is a village in Juqin Rural District , in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Bilbrough Falls , also known as the Goomoolahra Falls , is a cascade waterfall that is located within the Springbrook National Park in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
Uirapuru is a municipality in northwestern Goiás state , Brazil .
Pizzo Ruscada is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , overloking Borgnone in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Korwinów ( kɔrˈvinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Siyah Ab ( Persian : سياه اب‎ , also Romanized as Sīyāh Āb ) is a village in Sahra Rural District , Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Camp Onway , in Raymond , Rockingham County , New Hampshire , on the shores of Onway Lake , was a property owned by local councils of the Boy Scouts of America .
The Gateway Plus ( previously known as Birmingham Gateway ) project is a redevelopment scheme to regenerate Birmingham New Street railway station and the Pallasades Shopping Centre above it in Birmingham , England .
Zaspy ( ˈzaspɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Southern Illinois ' most populated city is currently Belleville at 44,478 .
The Androscoggin Bank Colisée ( formerly Central Maine Civic Center and Lewiston Colisee ) is a 4,000 capacity ( 3,677 seated ) multi - purpose arena , in Lewiston , Maine , that opened in 1958 .
Boneh - ye Pir ( Persian : بنه پير‎‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Pīr and Boneh Pīr ; also known as Bān Pīr ) is a village in Bibi Hakimeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Ranganathittu Bird Sanctuary ( Kannada : ರಂಗನತಿಟ್ಟು ಪಕ್ಷಿಧಾಮ ) also known as Pakshi Kashi of Karnataka is a bird sanctuary in the Mandya District of the state of Karnataka in India .
Deutz Abbey ( German : Kloster or Abtei Deutz ) was a Benedictine monastery located at Deutz , now part of Cologne as Köln - Deutz , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Pi Chelow ( Persian : پي چلو‎ , also Romanized as Pī Chelow ) is a village in Tavabe - e Kojur Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Apthorp Farm that lay on Manhattan 's Upper West Side straddled the old Bloomingdale Road , laid out in 1728 , which was re - surveyed as The `` Boulevard '' -- now Upper Broadway .
Lutostań ( luˈtɔstaɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wadsworth Congregational Church is a historic African - American Congregational church located near Whitsett , Guilford County , North Carolina .
The Greenwater Range is a mountain range located in the eastern Mojave Desert in Inyo County , California .
Dobersberg Airport ( German : Flugplatz Dobersberg , ICAO : LOAB ) is a private use airport located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) west - northwest of Dobersberg , Lower Austria , Austria .
Peppermill Wendover is a hotel and casino located in West Wendover , Nevada .
Dehshal Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دهشال‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Park Naylor is a residential neighborhood located in southeast Washington , D.C. It takes its name from its northern and eastern borders , Naylor Road and Fort Stanton Park .
Langenhain is a village and a district in the town of Hofheim , Hesse , near Frankfurt , Germany .
KDAK ( 1600 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Carrington , North Dakota .
Qurul - e Sofla ( Persian : قورول سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qūrūl - e Soflá ; also known as Qūrūl - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Bastam Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Proviso Mathematics and Science Academy ( or PMSA ) is a magnet high school in Forest Park , Illinois , USA .
The Gravensteen is a castle in Ghent originating from the Middle Ages .
Maddingley Mine near Bacchus Marsh Railway Station , Victoria , Australia contains a concentration of a particular brown coal ( lignite ) formation called Leonardite .
The Pine Bend Refinery is the largest oil refinery in Minnesota , located in the Twin Cities suburbs of Rosemount and Inver Grove Heights next to southern split of U.S. Highway 52 and Minnesota State Highway 55 .
The Denver Performing Arts Complex ( sometimes referred to locally as `` The Plex , '' `` The DCPA '' or simply , `` Denver Center '' ) located in Denver , Colorado , is one of the largest performing arts centers in the United States .
Mingachevir ( Azerbaijani : Mingəçevir ) , is the fourth - largest city in Azerbaijan with a population of about 150,000 .
Vernon Hills High School , or VHHS , is a public four - year high school located in Vernon Hills , Illinois , a northern suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Marquette Stadium was an outdoor athletic stadium in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , the home field of the Golden Avalanche of Marquette University , its intercollegiate football team .
Indianwood Golf and Country Club or simply `` Indianwood '' is a private member - only country club located in Orion Township , Oakland County , near Lake Orion , Michigan .
Nowe Skórowo ( ˈnɔvɛ skuˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Venkatapur is a village and a mandal in Warangal district in the state of Telangana , India .
Dhareru is a village in Bhiwani Tehsil in the Bhiwani district of the Indian state of Haryana .
Kokorzyn ( kɔˈkɔʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Buckton is a small village , which is part of the civil parish of Bempton in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Amasya Province ( Turkish : Amasya ili ) is a province of Turkey , situated on the Yeşil River in the Black Sea Region to the north of the country .
Bay Chamber Concerts is a non - profit organization located in downtown Rockport , Maine .
Withycombe is a village and civil parish 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) south east of Dunster , and 5 miles ( 8 km ) from Minehead within the Exmoor National Park in the West Somerset district of Somerset , England .
The Paddock Viaduct , also known as the Main Street Viaduct , is a reinforced concrete bridge spanning the Trinity River in Fort Worth , Texas .
Nüzhizhai Township ( Chinese : 女织寨乡 ) is a township - level division of Lunan District , Tangshan , Hebei , China .
Mazu Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مازو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Esfahaabad ( Persian : اصفهااباد‎ , also Romanized as Eşfahāābād and Eşfahābād ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Jonubi Rural District , Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Upper Whitewater Falls is a waterfall in North Carolina on the Whitewater River .
Athiyur is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu India .
Rollestone is a small village and former civil parish on Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire , England .
Moena ( Ladin : Moéna , German : Mön or Moyen ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Trento .
Esfangareh ( Persian : اسفنگره‎ ) is a village in Qurigol Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Harry S. Truman Little White House in Key West , Florida was the winter White House for President Harry S Truman for 175 days during 11 visits .
Ruda Różaniecka ( ˈruda ruʐaˈɲet͡ska ) ( Ukrainian : Руда Рожанецька , Ruda Rozhanets’ka)is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
WMUH ( 91.7 FM ) is a college radio station , supported through Muhlenberg College , located in Allentown , Pennsylvania , in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania in the United States .
Frontenac State Park is a state park of Minnesota , United States , on the Mississippi River 10 miles ( 16 km ) southeast of Red Wing .
Located in the Quartiere San Lorenzo , the Policlinico Umberto I of Rome is the polyclinic of the Faculty of Medicine and Surgery of the Sapienza Università di Roma .
North Turton is a civil parish of the unitary authority of Blackburn with Darwen in Lancashire , England .
Natel - e Restaq Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ناتل رستاق‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jūrmala ( Latvian pronunciation : ( juːrmala ) `` seaside '' ; German : Riga - Strand , Baltische Riviera ) is a city in Latvia , about 25 kilometres ( 16 miles ) west of Riga .
Rynowo ( rɨˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lelusin ( lɛˈluɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Nesapakkam ( Tamil : நெசப்பாக்கம் ) is a locality in the K.K.Nagar which is part of the city of Chennai , India .
Czerwonków ( t͡ʂɛrˈvɔŋkuf ) is a village in Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County , Gmina Baborów .
Ramleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : رمله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ramleh - ye Soflá ; also known as Ramleh , Ramleh - ye Pā’īn , Ramlem - ye Pā’īn , and Rumla ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Segbroek ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsɛxbruk ) ) is one of eight districts of The Hague in the Netherlands .
Samghabad ( Persian : صمغ اباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Şamghābād ) is a village in Ziaran Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Hung Fa Chai ( Chinese : 紅花寨 ) is a hill in the New Territories of Hong Kong .
Starowiskitki ( starɔvisˈkitki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jammalamadaka is a village in the Macherla mandal in the Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Hellevoetsluis ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌɦɛləvutˈslœy̯s ) ; population : 38,919 in 2014 ) is a small city and municipality on Voorne - Putten Island in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Kamareh Gareh ( Persian : كمره گره‎ ) is a village in Razavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Tsuen Wan Adventist Hospital ( Chinese : 荃灣港安醫院 ) is one of two Adventist Hospitals in Hong Kong , the other being Hong Kong Adventist Hospital .
Chodywańce ( xɔdɨˈvaɲt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Fort Peck Dam is the highest of six major dams along the Missouri River , located in northeast Montana in the United States , near Glasgow , and adjacent to the community of Fort Peck .
Les Bulles is a small village in Belgium , part of the municipality of Chiny in the Gaume region .
Wychódźc ( ˈvɨxut͡ɕt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Taqviyeh ( Persian : تقويه‎ , also Romanized as Taqvīyeh and Taqavīyeh ; also known as Mazra``eh - ye Taqavīyeh ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 90 , in 28 families .
Brandov ( German Brandau ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Most District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
The Darlington Trail is an orange - blazed hiking trail in Pennsylvania near Harrisburg .
Manhao ( Chinese : 蔓耗 ; pinyin : Mànhào ) is a town in Gejiu County - level city of Yunnan Province of China .
Pir Komaj ( Persian : پيركماج‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Komāj ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tumlin - Dąbrówka ( ˈtumlin dɔmˈbrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Muravera ( Campidanese : Murèra , Latin : Sarcapos ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northeast of Cagliari in the Sarrabus .
Witten Towhead is a bar island or `` towhead '' ( river island ) on the Ohio River in Tyler County , West Virginia .
The Baltimore & Annapolis Trail is a 13.3-mile ( 21.4 km ) rail trail in Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Christeele Acres Historic District is a residential subdivision in Orem , Utah , built in 1943 as housing for workers at the Geneva Steel plant during World War II . The historic district includes 62 single - family houses and three duplexes .
L'Ourse runs through 13 communes in the Hautes - Pyrénées , all located in the canton of Mauléon - Barousse , from high to low :
Wola Rowska ( ˈvɔla ˈrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Grugliasco is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 9 kilometres ( 6 miles ) west of Turin .
Qasr - e Qand District ( Persian : بخش قصرقند‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Nik Shahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Groß Hehlen is a village north of the town of Celle in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Shaqrud ( Persian : شقرود‎ , also Romanized as Shaqrūd ; also known as Shaghrood , Shaqar Rūd , and Shaqrūr ) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Lawrence Buildings in Mount Street , Manchester , England , is a Victorian office block constructed for the Inland Revenue in 1874 - -6 by Pennington and Bridgen in the Gothic Revival style .
Cusset is a commune in the department of Allier , in central French region of Auvergne .
Paparzyn ( paˈpaʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Policzyzna ( pɔliˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Nayapul ( meaning ' new bridge ' ) is a suburb of Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Kurnędz ( ˈkurnɛnt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Studio East is located in Kirkland , Washington and serves the entire Seattle area .
Meleh Shitab ( Persian : مله شيتاب‎ , also Romanized as Meleh Shītāb ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Titubar ( Persian : تيتوبر‎ , also Romanized as Tītūbar ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Orange County Zoo is a small 8-acre ( 3.2 ha ) zoo located within the 477-acre ( 193 ha ) Irvine Regional Park in the city of Orange , California , United States .
Darasepid ( Persian : دراسپيد‎ , also Romanized as Darāsepīd ; also known as Bābsefīd ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Toppenish National Wildlife Refuge is located on the Yakama Indian Reservation about 6 miles south of Toppenish , Washington , in the agriculturally intensive Yakima Valley of eastern Washington state .
The Gegensteine are crags near the town of Ballenstedt on the northern edge of the Harz Mountains in Germany .
The Great Whale River ( French : Grande rivière de la Baleine ) is a river in Nunavik , Quebec , Canada .
Słoneczna ( swɔˈnɛt͡ʂna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Château des Junies is a castle in the commune of Les Junies in the Lot département of France .
Ennayiram ( Tamil : எண்ணாயிரம் ) is a village in Vikravandi ( Tamil : விக்கிரவாண்டி ) taluk in Villuppuram ( Tamil : விழுப்புரம் ) district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Ashurst Wood is a village and civil parish in the Mid Sussex district of West Sussex , within the historic county of Sussex , England .
Horní Jiřetín ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦorɲiː jɪr̝ɛciːn ) ; German : Obergeorgenthal ) is a Czech town with 2 183 inhabitants in Most District , in the Ústí nad Labem Region in the foothills of the Ore Mountains on the border with Germany .
Cobar is a town in central western New South Wales , Australia .
The Granville Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic Granville Village area in eastern Granville , Massachusetts .
The Duluth Armory , also known as the Duluth National Guard Armory , is a historic building in Duluth , Minnesota , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Shahrud County ( Persian : شهرستان شاهرود‎ ) is a county in Semnan Province in Iran .
The Khun Tan Tunnel is 1362.10 metres long , between kilometre 681.57870 and 682.94080 on the Northern line from Bangkok to Chiang Mai , between Mae Tan Noi , Wiang Tan , and Khun Tan stations .
Obra Dolna ( ˈɔbra ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kargowa , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Chah Amiq - e Mahmud Saibi ( Persian : چاه عميق محمودصائبي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh ʿAmīq - e Maḩmūd Sāibī ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ponnagyun Township ( Burmese : ပုဏ္ဏားကျွန်းမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Sittwe District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar .
Wong Leng ( Chinese : 黃嶺 ) is on section 9 of the Wilson Trail in Pat Sin Leng Country Park , Hong Kong .
The Defense Information School , or DINFOS , is a United States Department of Defense ( DoD ) school located at Fort George G. Meade , Maryland .
Pirijed ( Persian : پيري جد‎‎ , also Romanized as Pīrījed ; also known as Pīr Jad , Pīr Jād , and Tang - e Parījeh ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Yadak ( Persian : يدك‎ ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Holly Ravine Farm is a farm and shopping center located in Cherry Hill , New Jersey .
The Strathcona Community Hospital is located in Sherwood Park , Alberta , Canada and provides 72 acute care with sufficient infrastructure capacity for 36 additional beds in the future .
Homestead Air Reserve Base ( ARB ) ( IATA : HST , ICAO : KHST , FAA LID : HST ) is a United States Air Force base located approximately 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) east - northeast of Homestead , Florida .
Vigor High School , located in Prichard , Alabama , is a public high school that educates grades 9 - 12 .
The Joseph and William Russell House is an historic house at 118 North Main Street in the College Hill area of Providence , Rhode Island .
Griffiths Stadium is a stadium located on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .
Ebrahimabad - Dab Divaneh ( Persian : ابراهيم اباداب ديوانه‎ , also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād - Dāb Dīvāneh ; also known as Ebrāhīmābād ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Standing Boy Creek State Park is a 1,579 acres ( 6.39 km2 ) Georgia state park located in Columbus .
Nahr - e Mohoseyn ( Persian : نهرمحيسن‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Moḩoseyn ) is a village in Nasar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Look and Tremble , sometimes Look and Tremble Shoals or Look and Tremble Falls is a shoal or rapids and swimming hole on the Chipola River in the United States state of Florida .
The Tenaga National Sports Complex is a cricket grounds in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Borodianka ( Ukrainian : Бородянка ) is an urban - type settlement in Kiev Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Wentzville Holt High School ( Emil E. Holt Sr . High School , or simply Holt High School ) is the oldest of the three high schools in the Wentzville R - IV School District and second oldest high school in St. Charles County , Missouri .
Mazraeh - ye Maharangar ( Persian : مزرعه مهرنگار‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Maharangār ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 18 , in 5 families .
Oak Creek Pass ( elevation 4,820 feet ( 1,470 m ) ) is a mountain pass on the eastern side of the Tehachapi Mountains , in Kern County , California .
Port Alsworth Airport ( IATA : PTA , ICAO : PALJ , FAA LID : TPO ) is a private - use airport serving Port Alsworth which is located in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Daniel Hunt Three - Decker is a historic triple decker house at 9 Wyman Street in the Main South neighborhood of Worcester , Massachusetts .
Lake Griffin State Park is a Florida State Park located two miles ( 3 km ) north of Leesburg , in Fruitland Park and 30 miles ( 48 km ) south of Ocala on U.S. Highway 441 .
Forest City Baptist Church , also known as First Baptist Church , is a historic Baptist church building located at 301 W. Main Street in Forest City , Rutherford County , North Carolina .
The Lake Worth Lagoon is a lagoon located in Palm Beach County , Florida .
The Salzwedel Dumme ( German : Salzwedeler Dumme ) is a left , western tributary of the River Jeetzel ( also : Jeetze ) in Saxony - Anhalt ( Germany ) .
The Araguaia River ( Portuguese : Rio Araguaia ( ˈʁi.u ɐɾɐˈɡwaj.jɐ ) ) is one of the major rivers of Brazil , and the principal tributary of the Tocantins , though it is almost equal in volume at its confluence with the Tocantins .
North Hykeham is administratively a town immediately SSW of Lincoln , in the county of Lincolnshire , England .
Sidhwan is a village in Nakodar , a tehsil in the city Jalandhar of Indian state of Punjab .
Gościszewo ( ɡɔɕt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Braunswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qernaq ( Persian : قرناق‎ , also Romanized as Qernāq ) is a village in Tamran Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Dastakert ( Armenian : Դաստակերտ ) , is a town and an urban community in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Wintrange ( Luxembourgish : Wëntreng , German : Wintringen ) is a small town in the commune of Schengen , in southeastern Luxembourg .
Chulaneh ( Persian : چولانه‎ , also Romanized as Chūlāneh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
West Hospital is a building on the MCV Campus of Virginia Commonwealth University noted for its Art Deco architecture .
Gongdue Gewog ( Dzongkha : དགོངས་འདུས་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Mongar District , Bhutan .
Algonquin Golf Club was founded in the Webster Park neighborhood of Webster Groves , Missouri in 1899 , and is one of the St. Louis area 's oldest private country clubs .
Maliara is a Village in Barjora ( community development block ) in Bankura district of West Bengal State , India .
Dyersburg Regional Airport ( ICAO : KDYR , FAA LID : DYR ) is a city - owned public use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) south of the central business district of Dyersburg , a city in Dyer County , Tennessee , United States .
The Bundesstraße 300 or B 300 is one of the German federal highways crossing southern Bavaria from Memmingen in direction to Regensburg via Krumbach ( Swabia ) , Augsburg und Aichach .
Deh - e Ziarat ( Persian : ده زيارت‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Zīārat , Deh - e Zeyārt , and Deh Zīārat ) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Susefid ( Persian : سوسفيد‎ , also Romanized as Sūsefīd ) is a village in Hotkan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The 1916 Irondale earthquake struck north -- central Alabama on October 18 .
Monavvar ( Persian : منور‎ , also Romanized as Monawar ; also known as Minavar ) is a village in Rudqat Rural District , Sufian District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Antioch Pines Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located along the Blackwater River near Zuni , Virginia .
Soveyseh - ye Sadat ( Persian : سويسه سادات‎ , also Romanized as Soveyseh - ye Sādāt ; also known as Soveyseh - ye Yek ) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District , in the Soveyseh District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Band - e Osman Bazar ( Persian : بندعثمان بازار‎ , also Romanized as Band - e ʿOs̄mān Bāzār ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The House at 6 Adams Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts is one of the best examples of Shingle style architecture in the town .
Gadomiec - Wyraki ( ɡaˈdɔmjɛt͡s vɨˈraki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Goleta Valley Junior High School is a junior high school in Goleta , California , just northwest of Santa Barbara , California in the Goleta Valley foothills .
Deh - e Ashur - e Pain ( Persian : ده عاشورپائين‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Āshūr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tom Baluchan ( Persian : تم بلوچان‎ , also Romanized as Tom Balūchān ; also known as Tonb Balūchān and Towm - e Balūchān ) is a village in Band - e Zarak Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Alta Club is a private club in downtown Salt Lake City , Utah , named for a local mining district .
Tassara commune forms the north of the wedge shaped Abalak Department , itself forming the east central section of the Tahoua Region .
Friendly Beaches Reserve is a 140 ha coastal nature reserve in eastern Tasmania , Australia , 190 km north - east of Hobart and 180 km south - east of Launceston .
The Rainbow Interchange is one of two named interchanges in southeastern Florida ( the other being Miami 's Golden Glades Interchange ) .
The Battery Maritime Building is a ferry terminal at 11 South Street at the corner of South and Whitehall Streets near South Ferry at the tip of Manhattan Island in New York City .
Avalon at Foxhall is a high - rise skyscraper located in Washington , D.C. , United States .
Nukabad - e Janglian ( Persian : نوک آباد جنگليان‎ , also Romanized as Nūkābād - e Janglīān ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Villemeneux is a hamlet located on the territory of the commune of Brie - Comte - Robert , in Seine - et - Marne , France .
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 40 ( SLC-40 ) , previously Launch Complex 40 ( LC-40 ) is a launch pad at the north end of Cape Canaveral , Florida .
Hexton is a small village and civil parish about six miles ( 10 km ) west of Hitchin in Hertfordshire , England .
Nowosiółki Przednie ( nɔvɔˈɕuu̯ki ˈpʂɛdɲɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Beach Channel High School ( BCHS ) ( also known as High School 410 or H.S. 410 ) , is a high school in the public school system of New York City , is located at 100 - 00 Beach Channel Drive in Rockaway Park in the borough of Queens .
Golamunda High School , Golamunda G.M.E. School , Golamunda U.G.U.P.School , Khaliakani Notes - Golamunda High School is located in Golamunda block of Kalahandi district of Odisha .
Tariq ol Eslam Rural District ( Persian : دهستان طريق الاسلام‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Alcester ( i/ˈɒlstər/ or /ˈɔːlstər/ ) is a market town and civil parish of Roman origin at the junction of the River Alne and River Arrow in Warwickshire , England .
Marczyce ( marˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Märzdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podgórzyn , within Jelenia Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sari Beyglu ( Persian : ساري بيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Sārī Beyglū ; also known as Sārī Beyglū - ye Kūchak ) is a village in Garamduz Rural District , Garamduz District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bahrs Landing Famous Seafood Restaurant and Marina ( locally known as Bahrs Restaurant , Bahrs Landing , or simply Bahrs ) is a seafood restaurant , bar and marina , located in Highlands , New Jersey .
Moose Mountain Provincial Park is a Provincial Park , located in southeastern Saskatchewan 24 km north of the town of Carlyle .
The Chilkat River is a river in British Columbia and southeastern Alaska that flows southward from the Coast Range to the Chilkat Inlet and ultimately Lynn Canal .
The Rio Pinar Country Club is a public Golf club located in Rio Pinar , Florida , a suburb east of Orlando .
Little Bow Provincial Park is a provincial park located near the town of Vulcan and the village of Champion in Alberta , Canada .
The Maywood Station Museum is located in the 1872-built New York , Susquehanna and Western Railway station in Maywood , New Jersey , United States .
Pace Academy is a K-12 college preparatory private school , located at 966 West Paces Ferry Road in the Buckhead area of Atlanta , Georgia .
The Jerry E. Clegg Botanic Garden ( also called the Clegg Memorial Garden ) is a botanical garden in Lafayette , Indiana in the United States .
The Glarus thrust crops out over a relatively large area in the cantons Glarus , St. Gallen and Graubünden , due to its horizontal orientation and the high local relief .
Byley is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England , about 2½ miles north of Middlewich .
Engenho Novo is a neighborhood of middle class and lower middle of the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Nukutavake or Nukutuvake is an island in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia .
The Azadi Indoor Stadium , officially named Azadi 12,000 Capacity Hall ( Persian : سالن دوازده هزار نفری آزادی‎‎ ) , is an indoor sports arena in Tehran , Iran .
Cheshmeh Rashid ( Persian : چشمه رشيد‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rashīd ) is a village in Karezan Rural District , Karezan District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The House at 2212 Commonwealth Avenue , in the Auburndale section of Newton , Massachusetts , is a rare local example of domestic Gothic Revival architecture .
Moazzam Jahi Market is a fruit market in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Belcher Bay ( Chinese : 卑路乍灣 ) is a bay at Kennedy Town on the northwest shore of Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
West Bexington is a village in south west Dorset , England , sited just behind the Chesil Beach about 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) southeast of Bridport .
Martínez de la Torre is a city and its surrounding municipality of the same name located in the central part of the Mexican state of Veracruz .
Ayun Pa is a district - level town ( thị xã ) in Gia Lai Province , in the Central Highlands of Vietnam .
Wójcina ( vui̯ˈt͡ɕina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Larsen Bay Airport ( IATA : KLN , ICAO : PALB , FAA LID : 2A3 ) is a state owned , public use airport located in Larsen Bay , a city in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Fan Tan Alley is an alley in Victoria , British Columbia 's Chinatown .
Brumunddal is the largest settlement in the Ringsaker municipality of Hedmark , Norway .
The Fleckistock ( or Rot Stock ) is a 3,417 metres high mountain in the Urner Alps , overlooking Wassen in the canton of Uri .
Koti Shur ( Persian : كتي شور‎ , also Romanized as Kotī Shūr ; also known as Gowd - e Shūrū , Kot - e Shūr , and Kūt - i - Shūr ) is a village in Javar Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Trealaw is the longest village in the Rhondda Valley , Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales .
Ma Tau Wai ( Chinese : 馬頭圍 , originally 碼頭圍 , historically 古瑾圍 ) is an area in Kowloon City District , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
The Ringvaart ( known in full as Ringvaart of the Haarlemmermeer Polder ) is a canal in the province of North Holland , the Netherlands .
American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No . 2 is a historic ice manufacturing plant located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
The Hastings Caves State Reserve is the setting of a complex of caves and a natural hot springs located 102 km ( 63 mi ) south of Hobart , Tasmania , Australia .
Hajji Mahmudlu ( Persian : حاجي محمودلو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Maḩmūdlū and Hāji Mahmudlu ; also known as Khadzhi - Makhmudlu ) is a village in Kaghazkonan - e Markazi Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Guignen ( Breton : Gwinien , Gallo : Ginyen ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Willingdon and Jevington is one of the civil parishes in the Wealden District of East Sussex , England .
Varvar - e Olya ( Persian : وروارعليا‎ , also Romanized as Varvār - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Bid Khal ( Persian : بيدخل‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Khal ) is a village in Bakesh - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Rąpice ( rɔmˈpit͡sɛ ) ( German : Rampitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Kowalewszczyzna - Folwark ( kɔvalɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Suzanjan ( Persian : سوزنجان‎ , also Romanized as Sūzanjān ; also known as Sūzanjān Amīrī ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Spanish River Community High School is a public , coeducational high school in Boca Raton , Florida .
The Old Town Center Historic District is a historic district roughly along Locust Public Rd . and Salt Pond Road in Eastham , Massachusetts .
Peak 2266 is the second highest point in Minnesota , after Eagle Mountain .
Littleheath Woods is the collective name for Littleheath Wood , Foxearth Woods , part of Queenhill Shaw and part of Gee Wood in Selsdon in the London Borough of Croydon .
Fort Lewis College is a public liberal arts college located in Durango , Colorado .
Grimscott is a village in north Cornwall , England , UK .
Anna Deh ( Persian : اناده‎ , also Romanized as Annā Deh ) is a village in Natel - e Restaq Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tang - e Goraz ( Persian : تنگ گراز‎‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Gorāz ; also known as Rashīd ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pinhook Bog is a unique bog in Indiana that has been designated a National Natural Landmark .
The CCC Ranch Headquarters is a historic ranch headquarters in Texhoma , Oklahoma .
The Funbo Church ( Swedish : Funbo kyrka ) is a medieval church in the Funbo village , Uppsala Municipality , eastern Sweden .
Socotá is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá , part of the Valderrama Province a subregion of Boyaca .
The Bali Memorial in Melbourne is situated in Lincoln Square , Carlton , Victoria , facing Swanston Street .
Kaszewy - Kolonia ( kaˈʂɛvɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Fortezza da Basso is a fort inserted in the fourteenth century walls of Florence .
Miangaskar ( Persian : ميان گسكر‎ , also Romanized as Mīāngaskar and Meyān Gaskar ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hastijan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هستيجان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kinder Farm Park is a park located in rural Millersvile , Anne Arundel County , Maryland , USA .
Neuhof Substation is a 110 kV substation in Neuhof , an urban part of Bad Sachsa , Lower Saxony .
Frio Town , known as Frio City before 1886 , is a ghost town immediately south of the Presido Crossing on the Frio River in Frio County , Texas , United States .
Chorab ( ˈxɔrap ) or Chorabie ( xɔˈrabjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Meštrevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мештревац ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Saints - en - Puisaye , formerly Saints , is a commune in the Yonne department in Burgundy in north - central France .
Burlawn ( Cornish : Boslowen , meaning happy dwelling ) is a hamlet in the parish of St Breock , Cornwall , England , UK .
The Plaza Live is one of Orlando 's oldest theaters .
The Mansfield Art Center is an art center in the Woodland neighborhood of Mansfield , Ohio , United States .
Simlenuten is a mountain in the municipality of Suldal in Rogaland , Norway .
Napłatki ( naˈpwatki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Foyers ( from the Scottish Gaelic , Foithir , meaning a shelving slope ) is a village in the Highland local government council area of Scotland , lying on the east shore of Loch Ness .
Okoniny ( ɔkɔˈninɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Santi Celso e Giuliano is a minor basilica church in Rome , Italy .
Vennard College was a non - denominational Christian college located in University Park , Iowa .
Sadkówek ( satˈkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Jalaran ( Persian : جلاران‎ , also Romanized as Jalārān ) is a village in Tabas - e Masina Rural District , Gazik District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Avery Coonley School ( ACS ) , commonly called Avery Coonley , is an independent , coeducational day school serving academically gifted students in preschool through eighth grade ( approximately ages 3 to 14 ) , and is located in Downers Grove , Illinois .
The Robert C. Weaver Federal Building is a 10-story office building in Washington , D.C. , owned by the federal government of the United States .
The Lehi Ward Tithing Barn - Centennial Hall , located behind 651 North 200 East in Lehi , Utah , was built in 1872 .
The Tower of Terror II is a steel shuttle roller coaster located at the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Safarabad - e Chin ( Persian : صفرابادچين‎ , also Romanized as Şafarābād - e Chīn ; also known as Şafarābād and Z̧afarābād ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Wanning ( postal : Manning ; simplified Chinese : 万宁 ; traditional Chinese : 萬寧 ; pinyin : Wànníng ; literally : `` ten thousand peace '' ) is a county - level city in the southeast of Hainan Province , China .
Frank Church High School is an alternative public secondary school in Boise , Idaho , operated by the Boise School District .
Wagga Wagga Civic Theatre is located in Wagga Wagga , New South Wales , Australia at the Wagga Wagga Civic Centre .
Choryń ( ˈxɔrɨɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lanbeh ( Persian : لنبه‎ ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Birmingham Civil Rights Institute is a large interpretive museum and research center in Birmingham , Alabama that depicts the struggles of the American Civil Rights Movement in the 1950s and 1960s .
Château de la Guerche is a castle in La Guerche , in Indre - et - Loire , a département in France .
De la Gauchetière Street ( official French name : rue De La Gauchetière ) is a street in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , running through downtown Montreal , the Quartier international and Chinatown .
Bridgeport Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KXBP , FAA LID : XBP ) is a public airport four miles southwest of Bridgeport , in Wise County , Texas .
Meggernie Castle is a castle in the heart of Perth and Kinross , in central Scotland .
Jazanaq ( Persian : جزنق‎ , also Romanized as Jaznāq ) is a village in Pol - e Doab Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Modern Diner is a historic diner at 364 East Avenue in Pawtucket , Rhode Island , United States .
KNCH ( 90.1 FM ) is the National Public Radio station for the Concho Valley of west - central Texas .
The Diamond Tower is a skyscraper located in the city of Ramat Gan near Tel Aviv in Israel containing the world 's largest diamond trading hall , accommodating up to 1,000 people .
Fitzalan Square is a municipal square situated in the city centre of Sheffield in South Yorkshire , England .
The Historic Roman Catholic Properties in Mobile Multiple Property Submission is a multiple property submission of Roman Catholic properties in Mobile , Alabama , that were listed together on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Alpsee is a lake in the Ostallgäu district of Bavaria , Germany , located about 4 kilometres southeast of Füssen .
Edisto Beach State Park is located on the coast of South Carolina , 50 miles south of Charleston , near the town of Edisto Beach in Colleton County .
Greenbrier Christian Academy ( GCA ) is a private Christian school located in the Greenbrier section of Chesapeake , Virginia .
Tizahang ( Persian : تيزاهنگ‎ , also Romanized as Tīzāhang ; also known as Tīzāng ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dechmont ( Gaelic : Deagh Mhonadh ) is a small village located near Uphall , West Lothian in Scotland .
Crettyard ( Irish : Crochta Ard ) is a hamlet in County Laois , Ireland .
Karlshagen is a Baltic Sea resort in Western Pomerania in the north of the island Usedom .
Wez - Velvain is a village in the municipality of Brunehaut , which is located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Newmilns and Greenholm is a small burgh in East Ayrshire , Scotland .
Atwood / Coghlin Airport , ( TC LID : CAT1 ) , is located 1.2 nautical miles ( 2.2 km ; 1.4 mi ) northeast of Atwood , Ontario , Canada .
Kolet ( Persian : كلت‎ ) is a village in Mehravan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Parque Arqueológico Subaquático da Baía de Angra do Heroísmo is a underwater archaeology park located in the bay of Angra do Heroísmo , in the Terceira island , in the Azores .
Talaju ( Persian : طلاجو‎ , also Romanized as Ţalājū ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lynn Classical High School is a high school in the city of Lynn , Massachusetts .
Sutrio ( Friulian : Sudri ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northwest of Udine .
The Claymont Stone School , also known as Naaman 's Creek School # 1 , is a historic schoolhouse built in 1805 , on land donated by Founding Father John Dickinson , in Claymont , Delaware , on the Philadelphia Pike just south of the Darley House .
Palm Harbor University High School , also known as PHUHS , is a Pinellas County public high school in Palm Harbor , Florida for grades 9 - 12 .
Strete is a village and civil parish in the South Hams district of Devon , England , on the coast of Start Bay , within the South Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .
Dozen Bake Shop was a bakery in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Brabourne Lees is a village in the civil parish of Brabourne , within the Ashford borough of Kent , England .
Shadow Mountain Dam is a zoned earth - fill dam on the Colorado River in Grand County , Colorado .
The Wollomombi Falls ( /hwɒlˈlɑːˈmʌmˈbiː/ , from an Aboriginal word ) , is a plunge waterfall on the Wollomombi River located in the New England region of New South Wales , Australia .
Deh Now - ye Bahman ( Persian : دهنوبهمن‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow Bahman ; also known as Dehnow ) is a village in Javid - e Mahuri Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Oude Westen ( Old West ) is a neighborhood of Rotterdam , Netherlands adjacent to the city center .
Beechboro Road is a north - south road located in the northeastern suburbs of Perth , Western Australia , connecting Morley and Bayswater with areas further north .
Noen Kum ( Thai : เนินกุ่ม ) is a subdistrict ( tambon ) in the Bang Krathum district of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Erdemli is a town and district of Mersin Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey , 35 km ( 22 mi ) west of the city of Mersin .
The Gettysburg Battlefield is the area of the July 1 - -3 , 1863 , military engagements of the Battle of Gettysburg within and around the borough of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Monroe County Public Library ( MCPL ) serves the 138,000 citizens of Monroe County , Indiana , through the Main Library in downtown Bloomington , the Ellettsville Branch , and the Bookmobile .
Vetlanda Municipality ( Vetlanda kommun ) is a municipality in Jönköping County , in southern Sweden where the town of Vetlanda is the seat .
Narrabeen Sports High School , ( abbreviation NSHS ) is a school located in North Narrabeen , New South Wales , Australia , on Namona Street and Pittwater Road .
South Uist ( Scottish Gaelic : Uibhist a Deas ) is an island of the Outer Hebrides in Scotland .
WDZZ - FM ( 92.7 FM , `` Z92.7 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting an urban adult contemporary format , licensed to Flint , Michigan , and under ownership of Cumulus Media .
Hammamian ( Persian : حماميان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩammāmīān and Ḩammāmeyān ; also known as Hammāliān and Hammiān ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Baqr Sheybani ( Persian : مزرعه باقرشيباني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bāqr Sheybānī ) is a village in Korbal Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 86 , in 20 families .
Kępica ( kɛmˈpit͡sa ) ( German : Kambz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Arnprior Airport , ( TC LID : CNP3),(or Arnprior / South Renfrew Municipal Airport ) is a registered aerodrome located 0.9 nautical miles ( 1.7 km ; 1.0 mi ) south of the town of Arnprior , Ontario , Canada directly behind Arnprior Aerospace Inc. ( formerly Boeing Canada Technology ) .
The William C. Dale Power Station is a coal - fired power station owned and operated by East Kentucky Cooperative near Winchester , Kentucky .
Forest Row is a village and relatively large civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex , England .
Buzdyaksky District ( Russian : Буздя́кский райо́н ; Bashkir : Бүздәк районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifty - four in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Krzętów ( ˈkʂɛntuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tallaproddatur ( also Thallaproddatur ) is a village located in Kondapuram Mandal , Cuddapah District , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Raonići ( Serbian : Раонићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ringwood is an historic market town and civil parish in Hampshire , England , located on the River Avon , close to the New Forest and north of Bournemouth .
Tarfala Valley ( Swedish : Tarfaladalen or Tarfalavagge , Northern Sami : Darfalvággi ) is a valley in Kiruna Municipality , Sweden .
Kushkecheh ( Persian : كوشكچه‎ , also Romanized as Kūshkecheh ; also known as Koshkīcheh , Kūshk - e Kūchak , and Kūshkgīcheh ) is a village in Garkan Rural District , Garkan - e Jonubi District , Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Tai Hang Road ( Chinese : 大坑道 ) is a major road on the north side of Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
Montefortino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) south of Ancona , about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Ascoli Piceno and about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) west of Fermo .
KSWN , carrying the on - air branding of `` 93.9 The Zone '' , is a Top 40 FM radio station licensed to and serving the city of McCook , Nebraska and its surrounding area .
Szpondowo ( ʂpɔnˈdɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tuanwang ( Chinese : 团旺镇 ) is a town in Laiyang , Yantai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
Media related to Barrie Transit Terminal at Wikimedia Commons The Barrie Transit Terminal is one of five hubs of the city 's transit system as well as the centre for intercity bus connections by GO Transit , Ontario Northland and Greyhound Canada .
Manakau is a settlement in the south of the Manawatu - Wanganui Region , between Levin and Otaki , in New Zealand .
Herniss is a hamlet in the civil parish of Mabe in west Cornwall , England .
Galugah ( Persian : گلوگاه‎ , also Romanized as Galūgāh ) is a city in and the capital of Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Stare Skoszewy ( ˈstarɛ skɔˈʂɛvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
St. Boniface Roman Catholic Church was a Roman Catholic church located at 2356 Vermont Avenue in Detroit , Michigan .
KOWL ( 1490 AM , `` NewsTalk 1490AM '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve South Lake Tahoe , California , USA .
Jazbeh ( Persian : جاذبه‎ , also Romanized as Jāẕbeh ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The District of Columbia General Hospital , previously the Gallinger Municipal Hospital , was a hospital located in Washington , D.C ..
Saki - ye Sofla ( Persian : ساكي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sākī - ye Soflá and Sākī Soflá ; also known as Sākī - ye Pā’īn and Shāqi ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Zerashk ( Persian : زراشك‎ , also Romanized as Zerāshk ; also known as Zeyrashk ) is a village in Banestan Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Kvalheim is a coastal village with large agricultural areas in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Geist Reservoir is a reservoir in the northeastern part of metropolitan Indianapolis , Indiana , USA .
The Medicine Lodge Peace Treaty Site was the location in present - day Kansas of the signing of the Medicine Lodge Treaty in October 1867 by the United States government with major Western Native American tribes of the region .
Rajnovšče ( pronounced ( ɾai̯ˈnoːu̯ʃtʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills south of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Collinwood is a neighborhood on the east side of Cleveland , Ohio .
KHCA ( 95.3 FM ) `` Angel 95 '' is a Contemporary Christian Music formatted radio station licensed to Wamego , Kansas .
The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania ( also known as the Wharton School , the Wharton School of Business , or simply Wharton ) is the business school of the University of Pennsylvania , a private Ivy League university located in Philadelphia .
The Chemainus River is a river on southern Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , which enters the Gulf of Georgia near the town of Chemainus , British Columbia , which gets its name from the river .
Archang ( Persian : ارچنگ‎ ) is a village in Shandiz Rural District , Shandiz District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pabeansanur is a village in Bali in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Indonesia .
Štadión pod Zoborom is a multi - use stadium in Nitra , Slovakia .
The Alexandria Township School District is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Alexandria Township , in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States .
South Khorasan Province ( Persian : استان خراسان جنوبی‎‎ Ostān - e Khorāsān - e Jonūbī ) is a province located in eastern Iran .
Överboda is a locality situated in Umeå Municipality , Västerbotten County , Sweden with 218 inhabitants in 2010 .
Balvareh Posht ( Persian : بلوره پشت‎ ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Copernicus Science Centre ( Polish : Centrum Nauki Kopernik ) is a science museum standing on the bank of the Vistula River in Warsaw , Poland .
San Pietro di Cadore ( Ladin : San Pieru ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region of Veneto , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) north of Venice and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Belluno , on the border with Austria .
Bytnik ( ˈbɨtnik ) ( German : Beuthnig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Judge Gideon Frisbee House is a historic home located at Delhi in Delaware County , New York , United States .
Chaleh - ye Faramarzan ( Persian : چاله فرامرزان‎‎ , also Romanized as Chāleh - ye Farāmarzān ) is a village in Jenah Rural District , Jenah District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Radboud Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Radboud ) is a castle on the east bank of the harbour in Medemblik .
Kudakkachira is a small village 9 km away from Palai on Pala - uzhavoor road of Ernakulam - Sabarimala state highway in Kottayam district , Kerala , India .
Curley 's Atlas Hotel and Baths was a long - standing institution in the Rockaway Park neighborhood of Queens in New York City .
The Budweiser Events Center is a 7,200-seat multi - purpose arena in Loveland , Colorado ( USA ) .
Młotkowo - Kolonia ( mwɔtˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Avenue Henri - Martin is an avenue in the 16th arrondissement of Paris , named after the French historian Henri Martin ( 1810 - -1883 ) , onetime mayor of the 16th arrondissement .
Mohammadabad - e Yek ( Persian : محمد اباد1‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Yek ; also known as Moḩammadābād and Mohammad Abad Shoorab ) is a village in Shurab - e Tangazi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Dasht Mal ( Persian : دشتمال‎ , also Romanized as Dasht Māl ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pitäjänmäki ( Swedish : Sockenbacka ) is a district located on the westernmost district of Helsinki , Finland , near the border with Espoo .
The Marx House is a private house located at in 2630 Biddle Avenue in Wyandotte , Michigan .
Luaniva is an islet of Wallis and Futuna .
Rangrutti Khera ( Hindi : रगंरूटी खेडा ) is a village in mandal of Assandh in Karnal district of Haryana .
The Balmville Tree was an old - growth eastern cottonwood growing at the intersection of River Road , Balmville Road and Commonwealth Avenue in Balmville , New York , a hamlet within the Town of Newburgh .
Deh Bozorg - e Pereshkaft ( Persian : ده بزرگ پراشكفت‎ ; also known as Pereshgaft , Pīr Ashkān , and Pīr Eshkaft ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Amasra ( from Greek Amastris Ἄμαστρις , gen . Ἀμάστριδος ) is a small Black Sea port town in the Bartın Province , Turkey and the site of Ancient city and multiple former ( arch)bishopric Amastris , now a Latin Catholic titular see .
Damavand County ( Persian : شهرستان دماوند‎ ) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
Bratca ( Hungarian : Barátka ) is a commune situated in Bihor County , western Romania .
Lona - Lases ( German : Lohne - Lazes ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northeast of Trento .
Górki - Sypniewo ( ˈɡurki sɨpˈɲevɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Convento de la Natividad y San José ( popularly called convento de las Baronesas ) was a convent of Carmelite nuns located in Calle de Alcalá ( Madrid ) who designed and started the building foreman Juan de Lobera in the mid-17th century , being finished in 1700 by his son - in - law Juan de Pineda .
Ranchaero Airport ( FAA LID : CL56 , formerly O23 ) is a private - use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) west of the central business district of Chico , in Butte County , California , United States .
Kopisk ( ˈkɔpisk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Suruiyeh ( Persian : سوروييه‎ , also Romanized as Sūrū’īyeh ; also known as Soroo’eyeh and Sorū’īyeh ) is a village in Dashtab Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cuddie Springs is a notable archaeological and paleontological site in the semi - arid zone of central northern New South Wales , Australia ( near Brewarrina ) .
Alasaqqal ( Persian : الاسقل‎ , also Romanized as Ālāsaqqal , Ālāsaqal , and Ālāsaqāl ) is a village in Saruq Rural District , Takht - e Soleyman District , Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Checea ( Croatian : Keča ; German : Ketscha ; Hungarian : Nagykőcse ; Serbian : Кеча ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
Leslie House in Leslie , Fife is the largest and earliest Restoration house in Fife , Scotland .
El Port de la Selva is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Empordà in Catalonia , Spain , on the Costa Brava .
San Diego Jewish Academy ( SDJA ) is a private , independent Jewish day school currently located in the Carmel Valley community of San Diego , California .
Griffith - Merrillville Airport ( FAA LID : 05C ) is a public - use airport two miles east of Griffith , in Lake County , Indiana , United States .
Stratford Tony , also spelt Stratford Toney , formerly known as Stratford St Anthony and Toney Stratford , is a small village and civil parish in southern Wiltshire , England .
Nowa Jastrząbka ( ˈnɔva jasˈtʂɔmpka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisia Góra , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Taio ( German : Thayl or Theyl , Ladin : Taj ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Trento .
The Great Eastern Ranges Initiative is a program bringing together people and organisations to establish a conservation corridor along the New South Wales section of the Great Eastern Ranges .
Olifantskop Pass , ( English : Elephant 's Head ) , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa .
Macedonia Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Coffeytown , near Vesuvius , Amherst County , Virginia .
Ard Kola ( Persian : اردكلا‎ , also Romanized as Ārd Kolā ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Shulishader ( Scottish Gaelic : Siadar an Rubha ) is a small village with a population of around 120 people in Point , Outer Hebrides on the Isle of Lewis , Scotland .
Montevago ( Sicilian : Muntivau ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 miles ) southwest of Palermo and about 70 kilometres ( 43 miles ) northwest of Agrigento .
The Plott Balsams are a mountain range in western North Carolina , in the southeastern United States .
Jajczaki ( jai̯ˈt͡ʂaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchlas , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
184 38th Street , also known as McBride Log House , was a historic log house in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Lockhart Road ( Chinese : 駱克道 ) is a street spanning the whole length of Wan Chai from east to west on the Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong .
Khamariya ( Maujilal ) is a village and a gram panchayat in Damoh district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Beauregard Town , also known as Beauregard Town Historic District , is a historic district in downtown Baton Rouge , Louisiana , anchored by Government Street .
Shahriar Kandeh ( Persian : شهرياركنده‎ , also Romanized as Shahrīār Kandeh ) is a village in Miandorud - e Bozorg Rural District , in the Central District of Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Aroostook National Wildlife Refuge is located on part of the former Loring Air Force Base , in Aroostook County , Maine .
Kingsborough Community College ( KBCC ) , part of the City University of New York ( CUNY ) system , is the only community college in Brooklyn , New York .
Fort Umpqua was a trading post built by the Hudson 's Bay Company in the company 's Columbia District ( or Oregon Country ) , in what is now the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Molí de la Torre ( meaning The Tower mill ) is a Catalan farmhouse located near Figueres in the municipality of El Far d'Empordà .
The Wenatchee Mountains are a range of mountains in central Washington State , United States of America .
Farm to Market Road 2206 , FM 2206 , or Harrison Road is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from SH 42 near White Oak east to Loop 281 in Longview .
Montgomery Motor Speedway is a half - mile ( .805 km ) oval race track just west of Montgomery , Alabama .
The Lummi ( /ˈlʌmi/ LUM - ee ; Lummi : Xwlemi ( χʷləˈmi ) ; also known as Lhaq'temish , or People of the Sea ) , governed by the Lummi Nation , are a Native American tribe of the Coast Salish ethnolinguistic group in western Washington state in the United States .
Continental Express Flight 2574 ( Jetlink 2574 ) was a scheduled domestic passenger airline flight operated by Britt Airways from Laredo International Airport in Laredo , Texas , to Bush Intercontinental Airport ( IAH ) in Houston , Texas .
Sar Peri ( Persian : سرپري‎ , also Romanized as Sar Perī and Sar Parī ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Castel Capuano is a castle in Naples , southern Italy .
Lomax African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion church located at 2704 24th Rd . South in Arlington , Virginia .
Sarzan ( Persian : سرزن‎ ) is a village in Itivand - e Shomali Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Norsup is an island and village in the province of Malampa on Malakula Island in Vanuatu .
Dahomey National Wildlife Refuge is located 15 miles ( 24 km ) southwest of Cleveland , Mississippi .
The Cahaba River is the longest free - flowing river in Alabama and is among the most scenic and biologically diverse rivers in the United States .
Wiktorówek ( viktɔˈruvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Montoya , New Mexico is an unincorporated community on the route of historic Route 66 in Quay County , New Mexico .
King Edward Point ( also known as KEP ) is the capital of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands with port facilities ( wharf ) on the northeastern coast of the island of South Georgia .
Turcz ( turt͡ʂ ) ( German : Thorms ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
East Dulwich is a district of south London , England in the London Borough of Southwark .
Kaiping District ( simplified Chinese : 开平区 ; traditional Chinese : 開平區 ; pinyin : Kāipíng Qū ) is a district of Tangshan , Hebei , China .
During the Marc Barnes resurrection era Republic Gardens catered to a young and professional urban crowd , setting off the momentum of resurgence for the blighted U Street corridor of Washington , D.C. making it colorful national landmark destination of the upwardly mobile African American .
Lilleküla ( Estonian for `` Flower Town '' ) is a subdistrict of the district of Kristiine in Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
The New Redmond Hotel is a historic commercial hotel in Redmond , Oregon , United States .
Khaki - ye Shekarabad ( Persian : خاکي شکرآباد‎ , also Romanized as Khākī - ye Shekarābād ; also known as Khākī - ye Pīzūl Mālagh ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ronzo - Chienis ( German : Rontz - Klens ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southwest of Trento in the Val di Gresta .
Chega ( Persian : چگا‎ , also Romanized as Chegā `` ; also known as Chegāh ) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 144 , in 31 families .
Sarlanga ( Persian : سرلنگا‎ , also Romanized as Sarlangā ; also known as Sarlangāh ) is a village in Langarud Rural District , Salman Shahr District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Badamuiyeh ( Persian : باداموئيه‎ , also Romanized as Bādāmū’īyeh ; also known as Bādāman , Bādāmīyeh , Bādāmlū , and Badammo’iyeh ) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Moonlight Basin was a ski resort in southwestern Montana , located in the Madison Range of the Rocky Mountains in the resort village of Big Sky .
Pomieczyno ( pɔmjɛˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pulau Punjung is a town or Sub - district in Dharmasraya Regency , of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat ( capital ) of Dharmasraya Regency .
Fengwei ( simplified Chinese : 峰尾镇 ; traditional Chinese : 峰尾鎮 ; pinyin : Fēngwĕi Zhèn ) is a town in the Quangang District of Quanzhou City , Fujian , China .
Wacousta Hill is a forested mountain ridge in southeast Hampshire County , West Virginia .
Onís is a municipality and a parish in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias , Spain .
Flastroff ( German : Flasdorf ; Lorraine Franconian : Flooschtroff ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Vredenburg Castle ( Dutch : ( Kasteel ) Vredenburg or Vredeborch ) was a 16th - century castle built by Habsburg emperor Charles V in the city of Utrecht in the Netherlands .
The William Jolly Bridge is a heritage - listed vehicular and pedestrian bridge over the Brisbane River in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The McFarland Carillon , sometimes referred to as the McFarland Bell Tower or McFarland Memorial Bell Tower is a 185-foot bell tower located on the South Quad of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
KCHH ( 95.5 FM , `` News Radio 95 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Worden , Montana , and serving the Billings , Montana metropolitan area .
Urfeld am Walchensee is a municipality in Kochel am See in Bad Tölz - Wolfratshausen in Bavaria , Germany on the northwest shore of Lake Walchensee .
Mulago is a hill in north - central Kampala , the capital city of Uganda .
Les Borges Blanques ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ɫəs ˌbɔɾʒəs ˈbɫaŋkəs ) ) is the capital of the comarca of Les Garrigues , in the province of Lleida , Spain .
Maison Pic is a top five star hotel and restaurant located in Valence , Drôme , France .
Nowy Gołębiew ( ˈnɔvɨ ɡɔˈwɛmbjɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Rocky Island Historic District is a historic district in the Apostle Islands in Ashland County , Wisconsin .
Piz Sarsura is a mountain of the Albula Alps , located east of Piz Vadret in Graubünden , Switzerland .
The Maryborough Courthouse is a heritage - listed courthouse located at 170 Richmond Street , Maryborough , Queensland , Australia .
Staffoli is a separate fraction of the municipality of Santa Croce sull'Arno , which is situated in the province of Pisa , Tuscany .
The Avon Aqueduct is a navigable aqueduct that carries the Union Canal over the River Avon , near Linlithgow , Scotland .
Foreigners ' Street or Yangren Jie ( sometimes just Foreigner Street , in Chinese : 美心洋人街 ) is an amusement park and entertainment area in Chongqing , China .
Ugashik Bay Airport ( IATA : UGB , FAA LID : UGB ) is a public use airport located 11 nautical miles ( 13 mi , 20 km ) south - southwest of the central business district of Pilot Point , near Ugashik Bay in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Ponte nelle Alpi ( English : Bridge into the Alps , Venetian : Pont ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) north of Venice and about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) northeast of Belluno .
Kluczno ( ˈklut͡ʂnɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przystajń , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Furdale , Saskatchewan is an unincorporated community adjacent to the southern city limits of Saskatoon , west of Highway 219 and on the east bank of the South Saskatchewan River .
The Southern State Parkway ( also known as the Southern State or Southern Parkway ) is a 25.53-mile ( 41.09 km ) limited - access highway on Long Island , New York , in the United States .
KURV ( 710 AM , `` Fox News 710 '' ) is a radio station , broadcasting from Edinburg , Texas , that serves the Rio Grande Valley border area .
Oakdale Airport ( IATA : ODC , FAA LID : O27 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) southeast of the central business district ( CBD ) of Oakdale , a city in Stanislaus County , California , USA .
East Holme is a small village and civil parish situated about halfway between Wool and Wareham in Dorset , England .
The George J. Kempf House is a privately owned residential house located at 212 East Kilbuck Street in the city of Tecumseh in Lenawee County , Michigan .
Mir Alilu ( Persian : ميرعليلو‎ , also Romanized as Mīr `` Alīlū ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , Meshgin - e Sharqi District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 170 , in 65 families .
Kardlu ( Persian : كردلو‎ , also Romanized as Kardlū and Kordlū ; also known as Gardlū , Kurdulu , and Kūridlu ) is a village in Qeshlaqat - e Afshar Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Sayen Kalayeh ( Persian : صايين كلايه‎ , also Romanized as Sāyen Kalāyeh ) is a village in Alamut - e Bala Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Vermicino is a village and civil parish ( frazione ) of the Italian municipality of Frascati , in the Province of Rome , Lazio .
Fuhlsbüttel is an urban quarter in the north of Hamburg , Germany in the district Hamburg - Nord .
Shal Brick Company ( Persian : كوره اجرپزي شال‎ -- Kūreh Ajorpazī Shāl ; also known as Shāl ) is a company town and village in Qaleh Hashem Rural District , Shal District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Sarlat - la - Canéda ( French : ( saʁ.la.la.ka.ne.da ) ; Occitan : Sarlat e La Canedat ) , or simply Sarlat , is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ughul Beyg ( Persian : اوغول بيگ‎ , also Romanized as Ūghūl Beyg ; also known as Oghūl Beyg and Oghūl Beyk ) is a village in Afshar Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
São João Nepomuceno is a city in the southeast of Minas Gerais , Brazil close to the state border with Rio de Janeiro .
The Yankee Headframe is a mine headframe near Eureka , Utah that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 .
The Chamberlin is a retirement community and historic hotel in Hampton , Virginia , overlooking Hampton Roads at Old Point Comfort .
Niederwalgern station is a station on the Main - Weser Railway in the town of Niederwalgern in the German state of Hesse , south of Marburg .
Coode Canal is the reach of the lower Yarra River in Melbourne , Victoria which was excavated in 1886 , as part of the harbour improvements designed by Sir John Coode to improve access for ships to Melbourne 's main river docks .
Shahrud District ( Persian : بخش شاهرود‎‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kandyty ( kanˈdɨtɨ ) ( German : Kanditten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Mroualé is a village in the commune of Tsingoni on the island of Mayotte in the Indian Ocean .
First Ladies National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located in Canton , Ohio .
Senjeru ( Persian : سنجرو‎ , also Romanized as Senjerū , Sanjarū , and Senjerow ; also known as Senjerān ) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jalandeh ( Persian : جالنده‎ , also Romanized as Jālandeh ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Liqenab ( Persian : ليقناب‎ , also Romanized as Līqenāb , Lighnab , Liqenāb , and Līqnāb ) is a village in Oshtorinan Rural District , Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bagwell Island is a small barren island within the Eagle Hill River , in Ipswich , Massachusetts , United States .
Athelington is a hamlet and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk , England , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) south - east from Diss .
Vadakkanthara is a place in Palakkad district in kerala , India .
The SpiritBank Event Center is a 4,500 seat multi - purpose arena and convention center in Bixby , Oklahoma built at a cost of $ 50 million .
Sukho ( Urdu : سكه‎ ) ) is a Union Council of Gujar Khan , Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Løkken Verk ( sometimes just called Løkken ) is a village in the municipality of Meldal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Wayne Fitzgerrell State Recreation Area is a 3,300-acre ( 13.4 km² ) state park bordering Rend Lake near Benton , Illinois .
Zargaz ( Persian : زارگز‎ , also Romanized as Zārgaz ; also known as Kalāteh Zangaz and Sar Gaz ) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art ( `` The Johnson Museum '' ) is an art museum located on the northwest corner of the Arts Quad on the main campus of Cornell University in Ithaca , New York .
The Colonels Softball Complex is a softball venue in Thibodaux , Louisiana , USA .
Shah Kuh ( Persian : شاه كوه‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Kūh ) is a village in Baharestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Western Brown High School is a public high school located in Mount Orab , Ohio , in the southwestern part of that U.S. state .
Ballyporeen ( Irish : Béal Átha Póirín ) is a village in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Atrato is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department near the Pacific Ocean , Colombia .
The Holy Trinity Church Rectory and Convent in Bloomington , Illinois , USA , has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983 .
Cwmhir Abbey ( Welsh : Abaty Cwm Hir ) , near Llandrindod Wells in Powys , is a Welsh Cistercian monastery founded in 1176 by Cadwallon ap Madog .
Flint Hills National Wildlife Refuge ( NWR ) is a wildlife refuge located north and east of the city of Hartford , Kansas , United States , in northwestern Coffey and southeastern Lyon Counties .
Kfar Qouq ( and variations of spelling ) is a village in Lebanon , situated in the Rashaya District and south of the Beqaa Governorate .
Mehrestan County ( Persian : شهرستان مهرستان‎ ) ( formerly known as Zaboli County ( Persian : شهرستان زابلی‎ ) ) is a county in Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Iran .
Tuek Phos District ( Khmer : ស្រុកទឹកផុស ) is a district ( srok ) in the west of Kampong Chhnang Province , in central Cambodia .
Kozanaq ( Persian : كزنق‎ , also Romanized as Kanzanaq ; also known as Gazang , Gonzanaq , Kanzana , Kanzanagh , and Kotarnaq ) is a village in Esperan Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Trelogan is a village in Flintshire , north east Wales .
Boucau ( Occitan : Bocau ; Basque : Bokale ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in southwestern France .
Noss is a small , previously inhabited island in Shetland , Scotland .
Gorna Oryahovitsa Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Горна Оряховица ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Veliko Tarnovo Province , central - north Bulgaria .
Dowruzan ( Persian : دوروزان‎ , also Romanized as Dowrūzān ; also known as Darvazān , Derūzān , Dorūzān , and Dūrzān ) is a village in Bayat Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Submillimeter Telescope ( SMT ) , formerly known as the Heinrich Hertz Submillimeter Telescope , is a submillimeter wavelength radio telescope located on Mount Graham , Arizona .
South End , Moncton is a neighbourhood in Moncton , New Brunswick sometimes referred to as Old West End .
Eshen ( Persian : اشن‎ , also Romanized as Ashan and Eshan ; also known as Asheh and Ishan ) is a village in Eshen Rural District , Mehrdasht District , Najafabad County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hazel Green Airport ( FAA LID : M38 ) is a privately owned public - use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) west of the central business district of Hazel Green , a community in Madison County , Alabama , United States .
East El Paso is an area of El Paso , Texas , United States , that is located north of Interstate 10 , east of Airway Blvd . , and south of Montana Ave . East El Paso is the fastest growing area of town .
Nowogardek ( nɔvɔˈɡardɛk ) ( German : Naugard ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Zofianka ( zɔˈfjaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Baziar Kola ( Persian : بازياركلا‎ , also Romanized as Bāzīār Kolā ) is a village in Kalej Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lazurne ( Ukrainian : Лазу́рне ; until 1975 : Novooleksiyivka ) is an urban - type settlement in Skadovsk Raion ( district ) of the Kherson Oblast ( province ) , situated on the coast of Black Sea .
Amway Arena ( originally known as Orlando Arena ) was an indoor arena located in Orlando , Florida .
The Everglades Gardens are a historic property in Leura , New South Wales , owned by the National Trust of Australia .
Dongsheng District ( Mongolian : ᠳ᠋ᠦᠩᠱᠧᠩ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Düŋšėŋ toɣoriɣ ; simplified Chinese : 东胜区 ; traditional Chinese : 東勝區 ; pinyin : Dōngshèng Qū ; alternate spelling English : Koshang ; Turkic : Košang ) is a District and the seat of Ordos City , Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Kanaka Bar is an unincorporated community and locality in the Fraser Canyon region of British Columbia , Canada , located near the town of Lytton .
Tall - e Shureh ( Persian : تل شوره‎ , also Romanized as Tall - e Shūreh ) is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Martinlaakso railway station ( Finnish : Martinlaakson rautatieasema ; Swedish : Mårtensdals järnvägsstation ) is a Helsinki commuter rail station located in Vantaa , Finland .
Daliburgh ( Scottish Gaelic : Dalabrog ) is a crofting township on South Uist , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Parkwoods or sometimes referred to as Parkwoods - Donalda is located in the city of Toronto , a geographically large neighbourhood located just south of Ontario Highway 401 , West of Victoria Park Avenue , North of Lawrence Avenue East and east of the Don Valley Parkway .
Berkovitsa Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Берковица ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Montana Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the area of the so - called Fore - Balkan to the northern slopes of the western Stara planina mountain .
Dehu Road is a cantonment town in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra , India , and lies 27 km northwest of Pune Station along the NH4 Old Pune - Mumbai Highway which connects it to Pune city proper .
Polar Bear Pass is a 262,400 hectare wetland and mountain pass on Bathurst Island within the Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Kirkinner is a village in the Machars , Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
Fort Clonque is a 19th - century coastal fortress in Alderney , in the Bailiwick of Guernsey in the Channel Islands .
Seqer Juq ( Persian : سقرجوق‎ , also Romanized as Seqer Jūq and Saqarjūq ; also known as Saghar Jokh and Saghar Joogh ) is a village in Garakan Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Jagniątkowo ( jaɡɲɔntˈkɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bayview Junction is a major railway junction in southern Ontario , Canada .
Schwarzenhasel is a village approximately 3 km northeast of Rotenburg an der Fulda in the Hersfeld - Rotenburg district of northeastern Hesse , Germany .
The City of Mackay was a local government area located in the Central Queensland region of Queensland , Australia , encompassing the regional city of Mackay and the surrounding region .
Nunkajmy ( nunˈkai̯mɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chamestan District ( Persian : بخش چمستان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Robinson Town Centre is an expansive , open - air power center located near The Mall at Robinson in Robinson Township , Pennsylvania .
Zafaran - e Olya ( Persian : زعفران عليا‎ , also Romanized as Za``farān - e `` Olyā ; also known as Za``farān ) is a village in Mansuri Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 634 , in 147 families .
Veluwezoom National Park is a national park located in the Dutch province of Gelderland .
The Pavillon Noir is a choreographic center in Aix - en - Provence , France .
Krzemykowo ( kʂɛmɨˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Klaushagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Domat / Ems ( Romansh : Domat ( ˈdomɐt ) , German : Ems ) is a municipality in the district of Imboden in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
The Rengstorff House was one of the first houses to be built in Mountain View , California .
The John Elway Stadium is a 4,000-seat sports stadium on the campus of Granada Hills Charter High School in Granada Hills , California , a district of the city of Los Angeles in the San Fernando Valley .
Garnseys Airport ( FAA LID : B04 ) is a privately owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of Schuylerville , a village in the Town of Saratoga , Saratoga County , New York , United States .
The Palazzo Belgioioso ( also spelled Belgiojoso ) is a palatial residence in the northern Italian city of Milan , completed in 1781 in a Neoclassical style by Giuseppe Piermarini .
Voorhees High School is a four - year public high school located in Lebanon Township , New Jersey , named for Foster MacGowan Voorhees , the 30th Governor of New Jersey .
Przedwarężyn ( pʂɛdvaˈrɛ̃ʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Gowidlino - Wybudowanie ( ɡɔviˈdlinɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Croston is a village and civil parish in Lancashire , England between Chorley and Southport and is next to the River Yarrow .
The Robert Simpson Woodward House is a former residence located at 1513 16th Street , NW in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington , D.C. From 1904 until 1914 , it was a home of geologist Robert Simpson Woodward , the first president of the Carnegie Institution .
The Bell Huey family of helicopters includes a wide range of civil and military aircraft produced since 1956 by Bell Helicopter .
SM U-135 was a German Type U 127 U - boat of the Imperial German Navy during World War I. Built at the Kaiserliche Werft Danzig , the U - boat was laid down on 4 November 1916 , launched on 8 September 1917 and commissioned 20 June 1918 .
The Savage Model 110 is a repeating bolt - action rifle that was developed by Savage Arms of Westfield , Massachusetts .
T-95 is the common informal designation of a Russian fourth generation tank that was under development at Uralvagonzavod before being cancelled in May 2010 .
Paveway IV is a dual mode GPS / INS and laser - guided bomb manufactured by Raytheon UK ( formerly Raytheon Systems Limited ) .
The BMP-3 is designed and produced by the Kurganmashzavod ( `` Kurgan Machine Building Plant '' ) some variants however are built by the Rubtsovsk Machine Building Plant ( RMZ ) , for example the BRM-3K.
Windows 8 is a personal computer operating system developed by Microsoft as part of the Windows NT family of operating systems .
The Airbus Helicopters Tiger , formerly known as the Eurocopter Tiger , is a four - bladed , twin - engined attack helicopter which first entered service in 2003 .
The Kurzweil K2000 is a digital synthesizer and music work station produced by Kurzweil Music Systems between 1990 and 2003 in a variety of standard configurations , including rack - mountable versions and models that came with 16-bit user sampling .
Samsung Galaxy Fame is a low - end smartphone by Samsung Electronics which was released in February 2013 .
German submarine U-177 was a Type IXD2 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The submarine was laid down on 25 November 1940 at the DeSchiMAG AG Weser yard in Bremen as yard number 1017 .
The AMT Skipper was a stainless steel copy of the .45 ACP Colt Combat Commander made by Arcadia Machine and Tool .
The Mitsubishi Debonair ( Japanese 三菱・デボネア ) is a four - door luxury car , introduced by Mitsubishi Motors in 1964 to serve as their flagship passenger vehicle in the Japanese domestic market .
The N - Gage QD is a handheld game console and smartphone by Nokia , and a redesign of the N - Gage .
HMS H21 was a British H class submarine built by Vickers Limited , Barrow - in - Furness , as the first of the Batch 3 H class submarines .
The Alfa Romeo 75 was the last model released before Alfa Romeo was acquired by Fiat .
Oheka II was a private motor yacht built for German investment banker Otto Hermann Kahn by Lürssen in 1927 .
SS Charles H. Cugle was a Type Z - EC2-S - C5 Liberty ship built by J.A. Jones Construction of Panama City , Florida , launched on 13 August 1945 .
Yamaha Motor Company Vietnam has release a special edition model for their market in 2007 , the Yamaha Nouvo Limited .
Atlas V was formerly operated by Lockheed Martin , and is now operated by the Lockheed Martin - Boeing joint venture United Launch Alliance .
The LG G2 is an Android smartphone developed by LG Electronics .
DECmate was the name of a series of PDP-8-compatible computers produced by the Digital Equipment Corporation in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
The Type 89 torpedo ( development name , G - RX2 ) is a Japanese submarine - launched homing torpedo produced by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries .
German submarine U-200 was a Type IXD2 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The submarine was laid down on 3 November 1941 at the AG Weser yard at Bremen as yard number 1046 , launched on 10 August 1942 and commissioned on 22 December 1942 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Heinrich Schonder .
SS Fultala was a 4,155-ton steamship built for the British - India Steam Navigation Company in 1890 by William Doxford & Sons of Sunderland .
Benedek Jávor ( born in 1972 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian biologist , environmentalist and politician , a former leading member of the Politics Can Be Different ( LMP ) , and current leading member of the Dialogue for Hungary ( PM ) party .
Ann Mallalieu , Baroness Mallalieu QC ( born 27 November 1945 ) is a British lawyer , Labour Party politician and president of the Countryside Alliance .
Ramachandra Gowda ( Kannada:ರಾಮಚಂದ್ರ ಗೌಡ)is a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) in Karnataka , India .
Karen Ellemann ( born Charlottenlund , 26 August 1969 ) is a Danish member of parliament for the party Venstre and current Minister of Social Affairs and the interior .
In the municipal elections of 2007 , Etelvina Andreu Sánchez was the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( Partido Socialista ) candidate for the mayor post of Alicante .
John Scurr ( 6 April 1876 -- 10 July 1932 ) , born John Rennie , was an English Labour Party politician and trade union official who served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Mile End from 1923 to 1931 .
Alberto Garzón Espinosa ( born 9 October 1985 - Logroño ) is a Spanish politician and economist , member of the Communist Party of Spain and United Left since 2003 .
Henry Cecil Raikes PC ( 18 November 1838 -- 24 August 1891 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
Tony F. Mack , Sr . ( born January 8 , 1966 ) is an American Democratic Party politician from Trenton , New Jersey .
Dr Onkar Sahota is a British Labour Party politician who has been the member of the London Assembly for Ealing and Hillingdon since 2012 , when he became the first Labour candidate to be elected in Ealing and Hillingdon .
Jānis Dūklavs ( born 24 November 1952 , Ķegums , Latvia ) is a Latvian politician from Union of Greens and Farmers .
Stewart Hosie ( born 3 January 1963 ) is a Scottish National Party ( SNP ) politician and Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Dundee East since 2005 .
Yitzhak Seiger ( Hebrew : יצחק זיגר‎ , born 22 February 1936 , died 5 February 1985 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and his death in 1985 .
Samuel A. Tamposi ( August 31 , 1924 -- May 25 , 1995 ) was a prominent real estate developer , entrepreneur , and Republican Party activist from New Hampshire .
Edgar Savisaar ( born 31 May 1950 in Harku , Harju County ) , is an Estonian politician , one of the founding members of Popular Front of Estonia and the leader of the Centre Party .
Johannes Martens ( 9 July 1870 -- 6 March 1938 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Conservative Party .
Donald Lan ( born December 19 , 1930 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who served as Secretary of State of New Jersey from 1977 to 1982 .
Marianne Samuelsson , born 9 December 1945 in Alingsås , is a Swedish politician ( Green Party ) and was the Governor of Gotland County , having to give up this post on 4 August 2009 .
Samuel Carey Bradshaw ( June 10 , 1809 -- June 9 , 1872 ) was an Opposition Party member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
Marcia A. Karrow ( born March 10 , 1959 ) is an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey State Senate where she represented the 23rd legislative district , having taken office on February 9 , 2009 .
Spyros Kouvelis ( Greek : Σπύρος Κουβέλης ; born in 1964 in Athens , Greece ) is a politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement and the former Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Greece .
Mariusz Błaszczak is also a member of the Regional Board of Mazovia and the Law and Justice Party Political Council .
Vicente González Lizondo ( 22 August 1942 in Valencia , Spain -- 23 December 1996 ) was a Spanish politician and co - founder of the regional party Valencian Union ( Unió Valenciana . )
Abdelwahed Radi ( born 1935 in Salé , Morocco ) is a Moroccan politician and current head of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces since November 2008 .
James Manager is a Nigerian senator who represents the People 's Democratic Party in the Delta South Senatorial District of Delta State .
Wei Jianxing ( Chinese : 尉健行 ; pinyin : Wèi Jiànxíng ; January 1931 -- 7 August 2015 ) was a senior leader in the Communist Party of China , most active during the 1980s and 1990s .
Carl Vaugoin ( 8 July 1873 , Vienna - 10 June 1949 , Krems / Donau ) was an Austrian official and politician of the Christian Social Party .
John L. Martin ( born June 5 , 1941 , in Eagle Lake , Maine ) is an American politician of the Democratic Party .
Lisa Cameron ( born 8 April 1972 ) is a Scottish National Party politician and Member of Parliament ( MP ) for East Kilbride , Strathaven and Lesmahagow since May 2015 .
Matilal Sarkar ( born 15 August 1941 ) is an Indian politician from the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Christian Rabjerg Madsen ( born 24 March 1986 ) is a Danish politician who on 12 August 2011 declared his candidacy on behalf of the Social Democrats for the Folketing in the constituency of Kolding , South Jutland .
Abdul Mannan Hossain is an All India Trinamool Congress politician and a former Indian National Congress politician .
Ulrich Graf ( 6 July 1878 -- 3 March 1950 ) was one of the earliest members of the Nazi Party and of the inner - circle of Adolf Hitler .
Carlo Fatuzzo ( born 14 March 1944 in Genoa ) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for North - West with the Pensioners ' Party , part of the European People 's Party and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
In June , Warren Tolman earned the endorsement of the Massachusetts Democratic Party at the annual state convention .
Harold Best ( born December 18 , 1937 ) is a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Kurt Seibt ( 13 February 1908 in Berlin - 21 June 2002 ) was chairman of the Central Revision Commission of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands ; SED ) and East Germany 's Minister for Direction and Control of Regional and District Councils .
Saif Ali Naqvi is a Social activist and member of the Indian National Congress ( I ) since 14 March 2006 .
Seán Keegan ( 2 February 1930 -- 9 July 2007 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Ángel Rozas ( born March 22 , 1950 ) is an Argentine politician , a leading member of the Radical Civic Union ( UCR ) , and serves as National Senator for the Chaco Province .
Carlos Arturo Juárez ( 6 February 1916 -- 3 July 2010 ) was an Argentine politician , Justicialist Party governor or ruler by proxy of Santiago del Estero Province over a 55-year period , leading to his description as a caudillo .
Anuruddha Ratwatte had been a Councillor in the Kandy Municipal Council representing the United National Party In the late 1960s later in 1980s Leader of the Opposition in the Kandy Municipal Council representing the Sri Lanka Freedom Party .
Yok Mu - ming ( Chinese : 郁慕明 ; pinyin : Yù Mùmíng ) is a politician in Taiwan and has been the current Chairman of New Party since 2003 .
Elisha Lawrence ( 1746 -- July 23 , 1799 ) was an American Federalist Party politician , who represented Monmouth County in the New Jersey Legislative Council , the precursor to the New Jersey State Senate , from 1780 through 1783 , from 1789 through 1792 and in 1795 .
Angelika Werthmann ( born 7 November 1963 in Schwarzach i m Pongau , Austria ) is a Member of the European Parliament since 2009 , representing Hans - Peter Martin 's List in Austria .
Salahuddin Ayub ( born 1 December 1961 ) is a Malaysian politician and was a former member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Kubang Kerian constituency in Kelantan representing the Pan - Malaysian Islamic Party ( PAS ) in the Pakatan Rakyat opposition coalition .
Bernard Chan Pak - li ( Chinese : 陳百里 , born 1976 ) , also known as Bernard Pak - li Chan is a Hong Kong politician with the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong .
Holly Schepisi ( born December 20 , 1971 ) is an American lawyer , businesswoman , and Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly , representing the 39th legislative district since January 10 , 2012 .
Samuel Segal , Baron Segal , MRCS , LRCP , MA ( Oxon ) ( 2 April 1902 -- 4 June 1985 ) was a British doctor and Labour Party politician who became Deputy Speaker of the House of Lords .
Isa Mustafa ( ( ɪˈsɑ mʉsˈtɑfä ) ; born 15 May 1951 ) is the Prime Minister of the Republic of Kosovo and leader of the Democratic League of Kosovo ( LDK ) .
Víctor Serralde Martínez ( December 18 , 1971 in Córdoba , Veracruz , Mexico ) is a Mexican politician member of the National Action Party , Federal Deputy for the Thirteenth Federal Electoral District of Veracruz in the Legislature LXII Congress from day 1 September 2012 to conclude on August 3 , 2015 .
Sawai Bhawani Singh contested the Lok Sabha elections in the year 1989 for the Indian National Congress Party but lost to the Bharatiya Janata Party leader Girdhari Lal Bhargava .
Nicholas Francis St Aubyn , known as Nick St Aubyn ( born 19 November 1955 ) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Parviz Varjavand ( 5 January 1934 -- June 10 , 2007 ) ( Persian : پرویز ورجاوند ) was a notable Iranian archaeologist , researcher , university professor and politician who was a prominent member of Iran National Front .
Vangjel Tavo ( 17 December 1969 ) is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Socialist Movement for Integration He has become the Minister of Health replacing Petrit Vasili .
Denis Gallagher ( 23 November 1922 -- 4 November 2001 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Evarist Bartolo is a Maltese politician within the Labour Party and he is currently Minister for Education and Employment .
Leonid Razvozzhayev ( Леонид Михайлович Развозжаев ) is a member of the political coalition Left Front and an aide to Ilya Ponomarev , a member of the Russian Parliament .
Tania González Peñas ( Avilés , Asturias , 18 October 1982 ) is a Spanish politician , political scientist , and MEP of Podemos , since September 11 , 2014 , when she replaced Carlos Jiménez Villarejo , who was one of the five members of the party elected in the 2014 European Parliament election .
Paweł Finder ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈpavɛw ˈfindɛr ) ; pseudonyms : Paul Finder , Paul Reynot ; 19 September 1904 -- 26 July 1944 ) was a Polish - Jewish Communist leader and First Secretary of the Polish Workers ' Party ( PPR ) from 1943 to 1944 .
José Albino Silva Peneda ( born June 6 , 1950 ) is a Portuguese politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Social Democratic Party--
Wilhelm Zangen ( born 30 September 1891 in Duisburg - died 25 November 1971 in Düsseldorf ) was a German industrialist and supporter of the Nazi Party .
Sir Jasper More ( July 1907 -- 28 October 1987 ) was a British Conservative Party politician , the son of Sir Thomas Jasper Mytton More ( died 1947 ) , a Shropshire landowner , and Lady Norah Browne , daughter of Henry Browne , 5th Marquess of Sligo .
V. Hanumantha Rao ( aka VHR , Hanumantha Rao Vuthpulla ) is a political leader from the Indian National Congress party and presently a Member of the Parliament of India representing Telangana in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Isidro Camarillo Zavala ( born 28 May 1951 ) is a Mexican politician formerly affiliated to the National Action Party .
George Mathers , 1st Baron Mathers KT , PC , DL ( 28 February 1886 -- 26 September 1965 ) was a Scottish trade unionist and Labour Party politician .
Dr. Herbert Albrecht ( 12 January 1900 , Altenburg , Saxe - Meiningen - 13 June 1945 ) was a Gauleiter ( regional party leader ) of the Nazi Party ( NSDAP ) from 1930 until 1931 .
The Honourable Angus McDonnell CB CMG ( 7 June 1881 -- 22 April 1966 ) was a British engineer , diplomat and Conservative Party politician .
Ravza Kavakçı Kan ( born 30 March 1972 , İstanbul ) is Turkish politician , who was elected as a Justice and Development Party deputy for Istanbul on June 7 , 2015 .
Chintaman Vanaga is an Indian politician from Maharashtra and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Juan José Rosón ( 25 September 1932 -- 19 August 1986 ) was a Spanish politician and a member of the Union of the Democratic Centre ( UCD ) .
Lesley Hinds is a Scottish Labour Party politician who served as Lord Provost of Edinburgh , Scotland from 2003 to 2007 .
Marianne Huguenin ( born 1 May 1950 in Berne ) is a Swiss politician , a member of the Swiss Party of Labour who was a member of the Swiss National Council , representing the Canton of Vaud from 2003 to 2007 .
Colonel John Jestyn Llewellin , 1st Baron Llewellin GBE MC TD PC ( 6 February 1893 -- 24 January 1957 ) was a British army officer , Conservative Party politician and minister in Winston Churchill 's war government .
Captain Lord Charles William Brudenell - Bruce PC ( 18 June 1834 -- 16 April 1897 ) , styled Lord Charles Bruce , was a British soldier and Liberal Party politician .
William L. Patterson ( August 27 , 1891 -- March 5 , 1980 ) was an African - American leader in the Communist Party USA and head of the International Labor Defense , a group that offered legal representation to communists , trade unionists , and African Americans in cases involving issues of political or racial persecution .
Sumly Chan Yuen Sum ( born in 1958 in Hong Kong ) , is a social worker and politician in Hong Kong , who is a member of the Civic Party and a district councillor in Tsuen Wan District Council ( Lei Muk Shue East ) .
Brigadier General Sékouba Konaté ( born 6 June 1964 ) is an officer of the Guinean army and formerly served as the Vice President of its military junta , the National Council for Democracy and Development .
Annette Lovemore is a South African politician , a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , and the Shadow Minister of Basic Education .
Abdelkader Taleb Omar ( Arabic : عبد القادر طالب عمر‎ , ʿAbd āl - Qādar Ṭāleb ʿOmar ; b. 1951 ) is the Prime Minister of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) , in the framework of the government - in - exile proclaimed by the Polisario Front .
Stephen Twigg ( born 25 December 1966 ) is a British Labour and Co - operative Party politician who has been the Labour Co - operative Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Liverpool West Derby since 2010 .
Charles Dukes , 1st Baron Dukeston ( 28 October 1881 -- 14 May 1948 ) was a British trade unionist and Labour Party politician .
Javier Reátegui Rosello is a Possible Peru Alliance member and a former Peruvian Interior Minister .
On 24 March 1956 , Moeljatno was selected to be Minister of Justice during the Second Ali Sastroamidjojo Cabinet ; his selection was heavily influence by the Masyumi Party .
Timothy Denis Brinton ( 24 December 1929 -- 24 March 2009 ) , sometimes referred to as Tim Brinton , was a British broadcaster and Conservative Party politician .
Abdellatif Maazouz ( Arabic : عبد اللطيف معزوز‎ - born 18 August 1954 , in Sefrou ) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party .
Isak Halvorsen ( 9 October 1877 - ? ? ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party .
Harikesh Bahadur is a national leader of the Indian National Congress and has represented Gorakhpur ( Lok Sabha Constituency ) on the Congress Party ticket in 1977 and 1980 .
Bashir Khanbhai ( born 1945 ) is a former MEP for East of England and Conservative Party politician .
Joan M. Quigley ( born September 11 , 1940 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1994 to 2012 , representing the 32nd Legislative District .
Brijmohan Agrawal ( born 1 May 1959 ) is a cabinet minister in the Bharatiya Janata Party ministry of Chhattisgarh state of India .
Richard Kelley ( 24 July 1904 -- April 1984 ) was a British trade unionist and left - wing Labour Party politician from the coal mining area of Doncaster .
Antonio Riva Palacio López ( c. 1926 -- July 14 , 2014 ) was a Mexican lawyer , politician , and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Sir Rupert De la Bère , 1st Baronet KCVO R.af . D ( 16 June 1893 -- 25 February 1978 ) was a British businessman , soldier , and Conservative Party politician .
Milena Apostolaki ( Greek : Μιλένα Αποστολάκη , born 21 February 1965 ) is a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) .
Svein Sundsbø ( born 3 July 1943 in Lindås ) is a Norwegian businessman and politician for the Centre Party .
Bruce Sundlun ( born Bruce George Sundlun ; January 19 , 1920 -- July 21 , 2011 ) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as 71st Governor of Rhode Island from 1991 to 1995 .
Franck Biancheri ( 11 March 1961 -- 30 October 2012 ) was the founder of the Newropeans European political party and the leader from June 2006 .
Sir Charles Du Cane , KCMG ( 5 December 1825 -- 25 February 1889 ) was a British Conservative Party politician and colonial administrator who was a Member of Parliament from 1852 - -1854 and Governor of Tasmania from 1868 to 1874 .
At the 6th Party Congress in 1980 , Jo Myong - rok was elected both member of the Central Committee of the Workers ' Party of Korea ( of which he had been an alternate member since 1975 ) and its Military Commission .
Swapan Sadhan Bose , also known as Tutu Bose , ( born 23 January 1948 ) is an Indian politician from All India Trinamool Congress who is a Member of the Parliament of India representing West Bengal in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament .
Bjarne Corydon ( born 1 March 1973 ) is a Danish politician , and a member of the Social Democrats .
Edmund Boulnois ( 17 June 1838 -- 7 May 1911 ) was a British businessman and Conservative Party politician .
John Wakeham , Baron Wakeham , PC , DL ( born 22 June 1932 ) is a British businessman and Conservative Party politician , and the current Chancellor of Brunel University .
Anne Margrethe Larsen ( born 28 May 1950 , in Haugesund , Rogaland ) is a Norwegian politician representing the Liberal Party .
Simon Haskel , Baron Haskel ( born 9 October 1934 ) is a British politician from the Labour Party .
Guo Shengkun entered the work force in 1973 during the Cultural Revolution as a rusticated youth in rural Jiangxi province , and joined the Communist Party of China in December 1974 .
Ben Greene ( 28 December 1901 -- October 1978 ) was a British Labour Party politician and pacifist .
Chiang Peng - chien ( Chinese : 江鵬堅 ; pinyin : Jiāng Péngjiān ; Wade -- Giles : Chiāng P'éng - chiēn ; April 25 , 1940 -- December 15 , 2000 ) was the co - founder and first chairperson of the Democratic Progressive Party .
Neal Blaney ( 1 November 1893 -- 30 October 1948 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician , and long - serving member of the Oireachtas .
Markel Olano Arrese ( Beasain , June 2 , 1965 ) is a Basque politician , member of the Basque Nationalist Party and President of the Provincial Council of Gipuzkoa since June 6 , 1967 .
Brian Mullooly ( born 21 February 1935 ) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil party politician .
Mustapha Mansouri ( Arabic : مصطفى المنصوري‎ ; born 22 August 1953 , Nador ) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents party .
In December 2006 , Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( MDMK ) general secretary Vaiko `` temporarily '' relieved the party 's presidium chairman L. Ganesan and deputy general secretary Gingee N. Ramachandran of all posts and responsibilities for indulging in `` anti - party activities '' .
Denise Coyle ( born June 22 , 1953 ) is an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 2008 to January 2012 , where she represented the 16th Legislative District .
Siddhartha Shankar Ray ( 20 October 1920 -- 6 November 2010 ) was a Bengali politician belonging to the Indian National Congress .
Sigurd Lersbryggen ( 8 July 1901 -- 2 February 1980 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party .
Muhammad Raza Haroon ( born 4 October 1965 ) is a Pakistani politician and senior leader of Muttahida Qaumi Movement ( MQM ) .
Trond Birkedal ( born 22 March 1980 ) is a former Norwegian Progress Party politician who occupied a number of senior posts in his party , including as chairman of the Youth of the Progress Party and member of Progress Party 's central executive committee and national board .
Terje Knudsen ( born 6 March 1942 ) is a former Norwegian politician and Member of Parliament for the Progress Party .
Rienzi Melville Johnston ( September 9 , 1849 -- February 28 , 1926 ) was an American newspaperman and Democratic Party politician from Houston , Texas .
Mahfoud Ali Beiba Hammad Dueihi ( Arabic : محفوظ علي بيبا حماد‎ ; b. 1953 -- July 2 , 2010 ) was a Sahrawi politician and co - founder of the Polisario Front , a national liberation movement that seeks self - determination for Western Sahara .
Oleksandr Osman ( Ukrainian : Олександр Вікторович Осман ; born 18 April 1996 in Serpneve , Valky Raion , Kharkiv Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Jörg Schwanke ( born 12 January 1969 in Peitz ) is a retired German football player who is now coach of Hertha BSC II . Schwanke made 59 appearances for VfL Bochum in the Fußball - Bundesliga during his playing career .
Major - General Michael Forrester CB CBE DSO & Bar MC & Bar ( 31 August 1917 - 15 October 2006 ) was a British Army officer who commanded 4th Division .
Strike Fighter Squadron 25 ( VFA-25 ) is an aviation unit of the United States Navy based at Naval Air Station Lemoore , California ( USA ) .
Admiral Sir George Pocock , KB ( 6 March 1706 -- 3 April 1792 ) was a British officer of the Royal Navy .
VP-31 , Patrol Squadron 31 was a maritime patrol squadron of the United States Navy .
Lloyd W. Williams ( June 5 , 1887 -- June 12 , 1918 ) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps who served and died in World War I.
Ian MacAlister Stewart , 13th Laird of Achnacone OBE MC * DSO DL ( 1895 - 1987 ) was a Scottish military officer who served in the British Army during both the First and Second World Wars .
At the commencement of the Biafra War ( Nigeria 's Civil War ) in 1967 , Akintunde Akinsehinwa was recruited by the Nigerian Army and trained as an officer cadet at the Nigerian Army School of Infantry in Jaji , Kaduna State .
Maynard W. Tollberg ( 1904 - -1943 ) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II . He received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions .
Edwin North McClellan ( 1881 - -1971 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer , author , and historian .
Sir John Wentworth Loring , KCB , KCH ( 13 October 1775 -- 29 July 1852 ) was a Royal Navy officer of the early nineteenth century who is best known for his service in the Napoleonic Wars as a frigate commander .
The King 's Own Royal Regiment ( Lancaster ) was a line infantry regiment of the British Army .
Lieutenant General Montagu Brocas Burrows CB DSO MC ( 31 October 1894 -- 17 January 1967 ) was Commander - in - Chief of West Africa Command of the British Army from 1945 to 1946 .
Captain Halsey Powell , USN ( 3 August 1883 -- 24 December 1936 ) was a United States Navy officer of the first half of the 20th century , who received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal for outstanding performance as a destroyer division commander on convoy duty during World War I.
Sue S. Dauser was the fifth Superintendent of the United States Navy Nurse Corps , guiding the Nurse Corps through World War II .
South Scania Regiment ( Swedish : Södra skånska regementet ) , designation P 7 , is a Swedish Army armoured regiment that traces its origins back to 1811 .
Captain Sir William Hoste , 1st Baronet KCB RN ( 26 August 1780 -- 6 December 1828 ) , Royal Navy captain , was the son of Dixon Hoste , rector of Godwick and Tittleshall in Norfolk .
Sir Henry William Bayntun GCB ( 1766 -- 16 December 1840 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy , whose distinguished career in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars was a catalogue of the highest and lowest points of the Navy during the conflict .
William F. Lukes ( February 19 , 1847 , Niderbergdorf , Bohemia ( now part of the Czech Republic ) -- December 13 , 1923 , Los Angeles ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the 1871 Korean Expedition .
Thomas Benjamin Fitzpatrick ( 1896 -- 1974 ) was a United States Navy Commander and the 26th Governor of American Samoa for a brief time from January 15 , 1936 to January 20 , 1936 .
Sir Thomas Myddelton Biddulph ( 29 July 1809 -- 28 September 1878 ) was an officer in the British Army and courtier .
F 3 Malmslätt , Kungliga Östgöta Flygflottilj , Royal Östgöta Air Force Wing , or simply `` F 3 '' , is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located at Malmen air base near Linköping in south - eastern Sweden .
The 83rd ( County of Dublin ) Regiment of Foot was a British Army line infantry regiment , which was formed in Ireland in 1793 for service in the French Revolutionary Wars .
Samuel Mercer ( 1799 -- Mar 6 , 1862 ) entered the United States Navy at a young age ; he became a Midshipman in 1815 .
Major General The Hon Sir Cecil Edward Bingham GCVO KCMG CB ( 7 December 1861 -- 31 May 1934 ) was a British Army officer who held high command during World War I.
Saeed Mohammad Khan , NI(M ) , SBt , is a retired 4-star rank naval officer and the 12th Chief of Naval Staff ( CNS ) of the Pakistan Navy from 9 November 1991 9 November 1994 .
Admiral Sir Roger Curtis , 1st Baronet , GCB ( 4 June 1746 -- 14 November 1816 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy , who saw action in several battles during an extensive career that was punctuated by a number of highly controversial incidents .
Sir Henry William Barnard ( 1799 -- 5 July 1857 ) was an officer of the British Army .
Melancthon Brooks Woolsey ( 11 August 1817 -- 2 October 1874 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during and after the American Civil War .
Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron TWO ( HELSEACOMBATRON TWO or HSC-2 ) ( previously Helicopter Combat Support Squadron TWO ( HC-2 ) ) , also known as the `` Fleet Angels '' ( previously the `` Circuit Riders '' ) , is a helicopter squadron of the United States Navy based at Naval Station Norfolk operating the Sikorsky MH-60S Knighthawk .
Thomas Orde Lawder Wilkinson VC ( 29 June 1894 -- 5 July 1916 ) , was an English - born Canadian and British Army officer who was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
James A. Shelton was born in Denton , Montana in 1916 , and enlisted in the United States Navy on 15 January 1941 .
Frank Elmer Smith ( Born August 22 , 1864 ) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Boxer Rebellion who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
The East Surrey Regiment was an infantry regiment of the line of the British Army in existence from 1881 until 1959 .
Lieutenant - General Sir Walter Sinclair Delamain KCB KCMG DSO ( 1862 - -1932 ) was an officer of the British Indian Army .
The Royal Pioneer Corps was a British Army combatant corps used for light engineering tasks .
Gerald P. Pulley ( October 25 , 1922 -- March 31 , 2011 ) was an American photographer noted for his work with the United States Navy .
The Prince of Wales 's Leinster Regiment ( Royal Canadians ) was an infantry regiment of the line in the British Army , formed in 1881 by the amalgamation of the 100th ( Prince of Wales 's Royal Canadian ) Regiment of Foot and the 109th Regiment of Foot ( Bombay Infantry ) .
Mary Bonnin was a former Master Chief in the United States Navy .
Admiral Sir Herbert Sawyer KCB ( fl . 1783 - -1833 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the American Revolution , the French Revolutionary War , the War of 1812 and the Napoleonic Wars .
Vice Admiral Sir John Chambers White , KCB ( c. 1770 - -2 April 1845 ) was a prominent British Royal Navy officer of the early nineteenth century , who participated in a number of engagements during the Napoleonic Wars .
Vice Admiral Sir William Nathan Wrighte Hewett VC , KCB , KCSI ( 12 August 1834 -- 13 May 1888 ) was a Royal Navy officer and an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Frank C. McCord ( 2 August 1890 -- 4 April 1933 ) was a commander of the United States Navy .
Group Captain Alfred Kitchener Gatward DSO DFC * AE ( 28 August 1914 -- 19 November 1998 ) , known as Ken Gatward , was a British Royal Air Force ( RAF ) pilot of the Second World War .
Harry Shepard Knapp ( June 27 , 1856 -- April 6 , 1928 ) was a Vice Admiral of the United States Navy , Military Governor of Santo Domingo , and Military Representative of the United States in Haiti .
William Charles Chamberlain ( 21 April 1818 -- 27 February 1878 ) was a rear admiral in the Royal Navy .
Muhammad Asif Sandila , ( Urdu : محمد ﺁصف سندیلہ ; born : 1954 , HI(M ) , L'honneur , NI(M ) ) , is a retired 4-star rank admiral who was the 19th Chief of Naval Staff of the Pakistan Navy .
Leslie M. Palm ( born October 14 , 1944 ) is a retired United States Marine Corps major general who is currently the Publisher and CEO of the Marine Corps Association .
Rear Admiral Frederick Thomas Pelham , CB ( 2 August 1808 -- 21 June 1861 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Second Naval Lord .
Captain Addison Joe Baker - Cresswell DSO RN ( 2 February 1901 -- 4 March 1997 ) , was a Royal Navy officer , aide - de - camp to King George VI and High Sheriff of Northumberland .
Major - General Sir James Murray Irwin KCMG CB ( 13 February 1858 -- 7 November 1938 ) was a British Army doctor , who served in Sudan , the Second Boer War and World War I.
Minor Butler Poole ( February 2 , 1920 , in Brandon , Mississippi - October 12 , 1942 , in Guadalcanal , Solomon Islands ) enlisted in the United States Navy February 15 , 1938 .
Captain Frederick Marryat ( 10 July 1792 -- 9 August 1848 ) was a British Royal Navy officer , novelist , and an acquaintance of Charles Dickens , noted today as an early pioneer of the sea story .
The King 's German Legion ( KGL ) was a British Army unit of mostly expatriate German personnel during the period 1803 - -16 .
John H. Owen ( June 22 , 1922 - February 15 , 2011 ) was the twelfth president of the University of North Georgia ( UNG ) and a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy during the Second World War .
Lieutenant - General Sir ( Antony Ernest ) Wentworth Harman KCB DSO ( 1872 - 26 September 1961 ) was a British Army officer who commanded 1st Infantry Division .
Brigadier General Jacob Zeilin ( July 16 , 1806 -- November 18 , 1880 ) was the first United States Marine Corps non - brevet general .
William Leeke ( 1797 - -1879 ) was a British Army officer and clergyman , known for his published reminiscences of the Waterloo Campaign , which form a primary source for many modern histories of the campaign .
Major Francis Peirson ( January 1757 -- 6 January 1781 ) was a British Army officer who served during the American War of Independence .
William Zuiderveld ( January 8 , 1888 -- February 5 , 1978 ) was a United States Navy Hospital Apprentice First Class .
Värmland Brigade ( IB 2 ) ( Swedish : Värmlandsbrigaden ) was a Swedish Army infantry brigade .
Air Vice Marshal Alick Foord - Kelcey CBE , AFC ( 6 April 1913 -- 26 October 1973 ) was a Royal Air Force ( RAF ) officer who served as Air Officer Commanding - in - Chief at Signals Command in 1961 .
Alexander Stewart , Duke of Ross ( 30 April 1514 , Stirling Castle--18 December 1515 , Stirling Castle ) was the fourth and last son of King James IV of Scotland and his queen Margaret Tudor .
Zvi Mowshowitz is the son of American biochemist Deborah Mowshowitz .
Gucha River , referred to River Kuja by Luo community originates in the highlands of Kiabonyoru in Nyamira county passing through the heart of Gucha District running west through Migori Town where it is joined by tributaries then into Lake Victoria .
The Madison River is a headwater tributary of the Missouri River , approximately 183 miles ( 295 km ) long , in Wyoming and Montana .
The River Cherwell ( i/ˈtʃɑrwɛl/ CHAR - well , particularly near Oxford , or /ˈtʃɜrwɛl/ CHUR - well , particularly in north Oxfordshire ) is a major tributary of the River Thames in central England .
The Radau is a river in the German state of Lower Saxony and is a right tributary of the Oker .
The Cuiabá River is a tributary of the Paraguay River--
The Dajia River flows through the Taichung City districts of Heping , Xinshe , Dongshi , Shigang , Fengyuan , Houli , Shengang , Waipu , Dajia , Qingshui , and Da'an before emptying into the Taiwan Strait .
Wards River rises within Kyle Range of the Great Dividing Range , near Waukivory , south southeast of Gloucester , and flows generally west and south , joined by one minor tributary , before reaching its confluence with Mammy Johnsons River at the locale of Johnsons Creek , north of Stroud .
The Emscher is a relatively small river and tributary of the Rhine , flowing through the Ruhr area in North Rhine - Westphalia in western Germany .
The Saint - Maurice River flows North to South in central Quebec from Gouin Reservoir to empty into the Saint Lawrence River at Trois - Rivières , in province of Quebec , in Canada .
It drains into Hudson Bay and is the namesake for the McConnell River Migratory Bird Sanctuary .
Kinney Run , also known as Kinney 's Run , is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Scott Township and Bloomsburg , Columbia County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Ustye River ( Russian : Устье ) is a river in Yaroslavl Oblast in Russia , a left tributary of the Kotorosl River ( Volga 's basin ) .
The Spöl or Aqua Granda is an Italian and Swiss river and is a tributary of the Inn .
Wallingat River rises in low lands near Bungwhal , and flows generally north through Wallingat National Park , joined by three minor tributaries , before reaching its confluence with the Coolongolook River at Junction Point ; descending 36 metres ( 118 ft ) over its 24 kilometres ( 15 mi ) course .
The Woady Yaloak River rises below Black Hill , west of Ballarat and flows generally south joined by three minor tributaries through the towns of Smythesdale , Scarsdale and Cressy before reaching its river mouth and emptying into Lake Martin and then Lake Corangamite .
The Žeimena River is a river in Aukštaitija , eastern Lithuania , and right tributary of Neris River .
Aubette de Magny is a tributary of the river Epte in Val - d'Oise .
The headwaters of the Goulburn River rise in the western end of the Victorian Alps , near Mount Mattlock and descend to flow into the Murray River near Echuca , making it the longest river in Victoria at 654 kilometres ( 406 mi ) .
The Laudach empties into the Alm River about 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) after the junction of the äußeren and inneren Laudach , several times interrupted by small weirs , in the southern area of the city of Bad Wimsbach .
Ksani ( Georgian : ქსანი , Ossetian : Чысандон , Chysandon ) is a small river in central Georgia , which rises on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in South Ossetia and flows into the Kura River .
The Tieton River is a tributary of the Naches River , in Yakima County , Washington in the United States .
The Missisquoi River is a tributary of Lake Champlain , approximately 80 mi ( 130 km ) long , in northern Vermont in the United States and southern Quebec in Canada .
Cells River rises on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range , southeast of Yarrowitch , and flows generally southeast before reaching its confluence with the Rowleys River , in high country northwest of Wingham .
Son River ( also spelt Sone ; Hindi : सोन नदी ) of central India is the Second largest of the Ganges ' southern tributaries after Yamuna River .
Stocksundet is the water connecting Lilla Värtan with Edsviken , and is the border between Danderyd Municipality and Solna Municipality in Sweden .
The Lachine Canal ( Canal de Lachine in French ) is a canal passing through the southwestern part of the Island of Montreal , Quebec , Canada , running 14.5 kilometres from the Old Port of Montreal to Lake Saint - Louis , through the boroughs of Lachine , Lasalle and Sud - Ouest .
At 1370 kilometres ( 850 mi ) in length , the Nen River is the longest tributary of the Songhua River .
The Jamma River is a river in central Ethiopia and a tributary of the Abay ( or Blue Nile ) on its right side .
Formed by the confluence of the Mumbulla Creek and Dry River , approximately 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) southeast by south of Quaama , the Murrah River flows generally east , before flowing into Murrah Lagoon and reaching its mouth into the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean north of Murrah Beach .
The Cariboo River is a tributary of the Quesnel River , one of the main tributaries of the Fraser River , in the Canadian province of British Columbia .
The Middle Letaba River ( commonly spelled Middel ) is a tributary of the Klein Letaba River , situated in Limpopo , South Africa .
Beauty School Cop Outs is a British reality television series based in Manchester , England and broadcast on MTV .
Uzak tells the story of Yusuf ( Mehmet Emin Toprak ) , a young factory worker who loses his job and travels to Istanbul to stay with his relative Mahmut ( Muzaffer Özdemir ) while looking for a job .
Jacques Deval ( 1895 - -1972 ) was a French playwright , screenwriter and film director .
Nicola Sirkis ( born 22 June 1959 in Antony , Hauts - de - Seine ) is the frontman and singer of the French rock band Indochine .
Sheldon F. Sackett ( August 1 , 1902 -- September 1 , 1968 ) was an American businessman , journalist and newspaper publisher .
Burrhus Frederic Skinner ( March 20 , 1904 -- August 18 , 1990 ) , commonly known as B. F. Skinner , was an American psychologist , behaviorist , author , inventor , and social philosopher .
Alexander Gershman is an American surgeon ( born on May 26 , 1961 in Moscow , Russia . )
George Gibbs Dibrell ( April 12 , 1822 -- May 9 , 1888 ) was an American lawyer and a five - term member of the United States House of Representatives from the 3rd Congressional District of Tennessee .
Payson D. Sheets is an American archaeologist , Mayanist , and professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado Boulder .
Malia Scotch Marmo is an American screenwriter , best known for writing Lasse Hallstrom 's Once Around and Steven Spielberg 's Hook .
Jasser Haj Youssef ( جاسر حاج يوسف ) is a Tunisian violinist , viola d'amore player and composer who works in wide variety of musical situations :
Philip Rieff ( December 15 , 1922 -- July 1 , 2006 ) was an American sociologist and cultural critic , who taught sociology at the University of Pennsylvania from 1961 until 1992 .
Roy Henry ( `` King '' Henry ) ( fl . around 1410 ) was an English composer , almost certainly a king of England , probably Henry V , but also possibly Henry IV . His music , two compositions in all , appears in a position of prominence in the Old Hall Manuscript .
Irv Culver was an American aeronautical engineer .
Frederick Clarkson is an American journalist and public speaker in the fields of politics and religion .
Abiathar and Sidonia were a legendary Jewish priest of Mtskheta and his daughter .
Hawa Essuman ( born 1980 ) is a Kenyan actress and film director whose first feature film , Soul Boy ( 2010 ) , received a series of awards .
Luther B. Bridgers ( 1884 - 1948 ) was an American songwriter and minister .
Stephen Jay Gould ( /ɡuːld/ ; September 10 , 1941 -- May 20 , 2002 ) was an American paleontologist , evolutionary biologist , and historian of science .
Eric Miles Williamson ( born June 20 , 1961 ) is an American novelist and literary critic , member of the Board of Directors of the National Book Critics Circle , editor of the American Book Review , Boulevard , and Texas Review .
Rami Matan Even - Esh ( בעברית : רמי מתן אבן - אש ) , better known by his stage name Kosha Dillz , is an American rapper .
Élodie Delor is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Martinique in Miss Earth 2007 in Quezon City , Philippines ; and Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Anatolio Scifoni ( Florence , May 2 , 1841 - Rome , 1884 ) was an Italian painter of mainly genre paintings .
John Size was one of the top horse trainer in Sydney .
David Giguère is a Canadian singer songwriter , film , television and stage actor .
Carlo Allegretti ( 16th-17th century ) was an Italian painter , mainly of sacred subjects .
Stanisław Rospond ( 1906 - -1982 ) was a Polish linguist , and professor at the University of Wroclaw .
Judith Sargent Murray ( May 1 , 1751 -- June 9 , 1820 ) was an early American advocate for women 's rights , an essayist , playwright , poet , and letter writer .
Lewis Howes is an American author , entrepreneur , and former professional Arena League football player .
Margaret Way is an Australian writer of romance novels and women 's fiction .
Ahmed Marcouch ( Arabic : أحمد مركوش‎ ; born May 2 , 1969 in Beni - Boughafer , Nador Province ) is a Dutch politician and former police officer , civil servant and educator .
Scott Bundgaard is a Republican politician who served in the Arizona legislature .
Holly McNarland ( born October 23 , 1975 in The Pas , Manitoba , raised in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian musician , singer and songwriter .
Thomas Tryon ( September 6 , 1634 -- August 21 , 1703 ) was an English merchant , author of popular self - help books , and early advocate of vegetarianism .
Wojciech Rychlik is a biologist and photographer , born in Poland and living in the USA since 1980 .
Amr Salama is an Egyptian film director , blogger , screenplayer and writer .
George Murray Levick ( 1876 - -1956 ) was a British Antarctic explorer , naval surgeon and founder of the Public Schools Exploring Society ( now the British Exploring Society ) .
Ashutosh Bhattacharya ( March 17 , 1917 -- February 8 , 2004 ) was a noted Indian classical musician of Hindustani classical music from Varanasi , who was Tabla player and music educator , besides a practicing Ayurvedic doctor .
Mark Acheson is a Canadian film and TV actor and voice artist .
Jean Beauvoir is an American singer , bassist , guitarist , multi - instrumentalist , songwriter , producer and entertainment executive .
Yukio Ishizuka ( born June 14 , 1938 , in Hakodate , Japan ) is a psychiatrist who grew up in Japan and graduated from Keio Medical School .
J. Warren Madden , born Joseph Warren Madden , ( January 17 , 1890 -- February 17 , 1972 ) was an American lawyer , judge , civil servant , and educator .
Alfred Kleiner ( April 24 , 1849 -- July 3 , 1916 ) was a Swiss physicist and Professor of Experimental Physics at the University of Zurich .
Mimi Martel was an American singer active 1952 - 1955 .
Ruben Orozco was a Uruguayan modern pentathlete .
Stewart Clegg ( born 1947 , Bradford ) is a British - born Australian sociologist and organizational theorist and Professor at University of Technology , Sydney ( UTS ) , where he is also Research Director of CMOS ( Centre for Management and Organisation Studies ) .
Victoria Janashvili is a fashion and portrait photographer currently based in the New York City .
Katherine Klein is an American organizational psychologist .
Baron Franz Nopcsa von Felső - Szilvás ( also Baron Nopcsa von Felső - Szilvás , Baron Nopcsa , Ferenc Nopcsa , Nopcsa Ferenc , Baron Franz Nopcsa , and Franz Baron Nopcsa ) ( May 3 , 1877 -- April 25 , 1933 ) was a Hungarian - born aristocrat , adventurer , scholar , and paleontologist .
Thomas MacNutt ( August 3 , 1850 -- February 5 , 1927 ) was a Canadian politician who held national as well as province - wide office , as a former member of the Canadian House of Commons and the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan .
Mark Dooley is an Irish philosopher , writer , journalist , public speaker and academic .
Raymond Jungles is an American landscape architect and founder of Raymond Jungles Inc. in Miami , Florida .
Niko Liko was a clown - like TV character who appeared on XEJ - TV channel 5 from 1973 through 1992 .
Paul Reiser ( born March 30 , 1957 ) is an American comedian , actor , television personality and writer , author and musician .
Kelly Willis ( born October 2 , 1968 ) is an American country music singer - songwriter , whose music has been described as alternative country and new traditionalist .
Mamuka Tavakalashvili or Tavakarashvili ( Georgian : მამუკა თავაქალაშვილი ) was a Georgian poet , painter and famous calligrapher of the 17th century at the court of the King of Imereti .
Akbar Adibi ( Persian : اکبر ادیبی Akbar Adībī ) ( 1939 - -2000 ) was an Iranian electronic engineer , VLSI researcher , and university engineering professor .
Sarah Maslin Nir ( born March 23 , 1983 ) is an American journalist , best known for her New York Times report on working conditions of nail salon workers .
Desmond Dudwa Phiri , commonly known as D. D. Phiri , is a Malawian author , economist , historian , and playwright .
Radoš Ljušić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радош Љушић , born November 22 , 1949 ) , is a Serbian historian and academic .
Christina Regina von Birchenbaum , also spelled Börkenbohm , was a seventeenth - century Finnish poet .
Emile Waxweiler ( 1867 - -1916 ) was a Belgian engineer and sociologist .
Jacopo da Camerino was an Italian mosaicist and a Franciscan monk .
Alexandru Coci ( born October 31 , 1989 in Baia Mare ) is a Romanian swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Drew Cannon ( born April 21 , 1990 ) is an American statistician and sports writer who currently works on the Boston Celtics staff .
Lucius Accius ( /ˈæksiəs/ ; 170 -- c. 86 BC ) , or Lucius Attius , was a Roman tragic poet and literary scholar .
Shelomo Dov Goitein ( April 3 , 1900 -- February 6 , 1985 ) was a German - Jewish ethnographer , historian and Arabist known for his research on Jewish life in the Islamic Middle Ages .
Edward Gero is an American stage actor active primarily in the Washington , DC area , acclaimed for his performances in Shakespeare and other classical plays .
Erastus Corning I ( December 14 , 1794 -- April 9 , 1872 ) was an American businessman and politician
Pumpuang Duangjan ( Thai : พุ่มพวง ดวงจันทร์ ; rtgs : Phumphuang Duangchan ) , also known by the nickname Pueng ( Thai : ผึ้ง ; rtgs : Phueng ; `` Bee '' ) , was a Thai megastar singer , actress who pioneered electronic Luk Thung .
Henry Rines ( June 9 , 1872 in Orsa , Sweden -- October 5 , 1950 ) was a Minnesota Republican politician , Minnesota State Treasurer , and Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Xavier de Fürst , b. 1948 , is a French prefect .
David N. Farr is a British historian , schoolmaster and Deputy Head of Norwich School .
Zora Arkus - Duntov ( December 25 , 1909 -- April 21 , 1996 ) was a Belgian - born American engineer whose work on the Chevrolet Corvette earned him the nickname `` Father of the Corvette . ''
Mirko Turri ( born June 29 , 1981 in Verona ) is an Italian bobsledder who competed from 203 to 2007 .
Andrew J. Bryan ( 1848 - 1921 ) was an architect in the southern United States , known for his work on county courthouses .
David Eigenberg ( born May 17 , 1964 ) is an American actor best known for his long - running role as Steve Brady on the HBO sit - com Sex and the City and for his role as firefighter Christopher Herrmann on NBC 's Chicago Fire .
Viktoria Balzhanova ( born May 11 , 1988 ) is a Russian compound archer .
Ken Montour ( born September 9 , 1979 in Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation ) is a former professional box lacrosse player in the National Lacrosse League .
Yılmaz Büyükerşen ( born 1936 in Eskişehir , Turkey ) is a Turkish politician , educator and current elected Head of Central Municipality of Eskişehir .
Alisa Bokulich is an American philosopher of science and an Associate Professor of Philosophy at Boston University .
Edmund Elviden ( fl . 1570 ) , was an English poet .
Friedrich Fülleborn ( September 13 , 1866 - September 9 , 1933 ) was a physician who specialized in tropical medicine and parasitology .
George Handel Heath - Gracie was an cathedral organist , who served in Derby Cathedral .
Eliseo Verón ( June 12 , 1935 -- April 15 , 2014 ) was an Argentine sociologist , anthropologist and semiotician , and professor of communication sciences at Universidad de San Andrés .
Markos Mamalakis ( Greek : Μάρκος Μαμαλάκης ; born October 30 , 1932 ) is a Greek economist specialising in development economics , particularly in Latin America .
Rosemary Clooney ( May 23 , 1928 -- June 29 , 2002 ) was an American cabaret singer and actress .
Lauren Cohn is a radio host at WLS in Chicago Cohn previously worked as a morning anchor at WLS - TV in Chicago in 1993 .
Samuel Vallée ( 11 from Nantes ) is a French pianist and composer .
Mutabar Tadjibayeva ( Uzbek : Mo'tabar Tojiboyeva ) is an independent journalist and human rights activist .
Kevin Van De Wege is an American firefighter and politician from Washington .
Pablo Puyol Ledesma ( born December 26 , 1975 ) is a Spanish actor , dancer and singer .
Andrzej Zajączkowski ( May 27 , 1922 in Lublin -- December 16 , 1994 in Warsaw ) was a Polish sociologist , cultural anthropologist , and Africanist .
Shin Won - ho ( hangul : 신원호 ; hanja : 申園昊 ) is a South Korean idol , actor , model and singer , who is best known for his role as Kang Kyung - joon in KBS ' Big .
Amy Birnbaum ( born April 14 , 1975 ) is an American voice actress and singer , who works on the properties of 4Kids Entertainment .
Federico Fellini said that Virginia Zeani personified for him `` the beauty of the opera singer '' and confessed in a letter that he used to secretly admire her in the mornings when she was making vocalizations .
William Hall , Jr. is a film and stage actor who has been involved in acting since the early 1970s .
Frederick Henry Sexton OBE ( June 9 , 1879 -- January 12 , 1955 ) was a Canadian engineer and higher education administrator .
Paul Rizonico ( born 16 February 1966 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and with Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Wayne Stenehjem ( /ˈstɛndʒəm/ STEN - jəm ; born February 5 , 1953 ) is a lawyer and politician from the U.S. state of North Dakota .
Charles Augins is an American actor , dancer and choreographer for stage and screen .
Ricardo Almeida ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʁiˈkaʁdu awˈmejdɐ ) ; born November 29 , 1976 ) is a retired Brazilian - American mixed martial artist and currently a Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu grappler residing in Bordentown , New Jersey .
Brian Kish is an art historian , curator , and one of the world experts in Italian twentieth century design .
Omer Younas ( born April 14 , 1988 in Faisalabad , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani racing driver who drives in Formula BMW Asia for Team E - Rain .
Alfred Marmaduke Hobby ( 1836 - February 5 , 1881 ) was a famous Texas merchant , politician , Confederate officer , and poet .
Richard Litelcote ( fl . 1416 ) , of Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Linda Nicholas ( born Linda Hoile , 13 April 1946 ) , known by her stage name Linda Hoyle , is a singer , songwriter and art therapist .
Joachim Wendler ( born June 6 , 1939 , Erfurt , Germany -- died September 25 , 1975 , Rockport , Massachusetts ) was a West German aquanaut who died of an air embolism while returning to the surface of the Gulf of Maine from the Helgoland underwater habitat .
Patrick James Bianco ( born February 26 , 1981 ) , better known as PJ Bianco , is an American songwriter and record producer from New Jersey .
Asad Gulov , also known as Asad Gulzodai Bukhoroyi or Asad Gulzoda ( Tajik : Асад Гулзодаи Бухороӣ ) is a Tajik poet , linguist and journalist .
Sheena Patricia Camille Quiambao Prats , known as Camille Prats ( born June 20 , 1985 ) is a Filipina actress and younger sister of actor John Prats .
Shirra Kenworthy ( born April 19 , 1943 ) was a Canadian figure skater who competed in ladies ' singles .
Maxwell Street Jimmy Davis ( March 2 , 1925 -- December 28 , 1995 ) was an American electric blues singer , guitarist and songwriter .
Beau Starr ( born 1944 ) is an American actor who has starred in movies and on television .
Charles Jaco ( born August 21 , 1950 ) is an American journalist and author , best known for his coverage of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait and the ensuing Gulf War .
Henry Charles Carey ( December 15 , 1793 -- October 13 , 1879 ) was a leading 19th - century economist of the American School of capitalism , and chief economic adviser to U.S. President Abraham Lincoln .
Marcela Lombardo Otero is a Mexican politician , daughter of the leftist Vicente Lombardo Toledano , founder of the Popular Socialist Party .
Marchisiano da Tolentino ( active 1496 - 1543 ) , also known as Marchisiano di Giorgio da Tolentino , was an Italian painter , born and active in his native Tolentino , Italy .
Dr. Sextus Barbour ( July 26 , 1813 -- December 20 , 1848 ) was a prominent American physician and planter .
G. Delbert Morris ( June 23 , 1909 -- November 4 , 1987 ) was a United States Republican politician who served in the California legislature .
Karen Quinton is a Toronto - based Canadian pianist , organist , harpsichordist and music educator .
Lee Jung - su ( Hangul : 이정수 ; born November 30 , 1989 ) is a South Korean short track speed skater .
Parmenides of Elea ( /pɑːrˈmɛnᵻdiːz əv ˈɛliə/ ; Greek : Παρμενίδης ὁ Ἐλεάτης ; fl . late sixth or early fifth century BCE ) was a pre - Socratic Greek philosopher from Elea in Magna Graecia ( Greater Greece , included Southern Italy ) .
Lewis P. Olds was a North Carolina lawyer and politician who served as North Carolina Attorney General in 1869 - 1870 .
Wojciech Krzemiński ( born 1933 ) is a Polish astronomer and a retired professor of Nicolaus Copernicus Astronomical Center .
Alfred Elis Törnebohm ( 1838 -- 1911 ) was a Swedish geologist , best known today for his study of the overthrust of the Caledonian range .
Errol Sawyer ( born Errol Stanley Sawyer on August 8 , 1943 ) is an American photographer who currently lives and works in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Marilyn Berger Hewitt ( born August 23 , 1935 ) , is an American broadcast and newspaper journalist and author .
Andrei Lerque is an Ecuadorian archer .
John DiResta is an American former New York Transit police officer turned comedian , frycook , and actor .
Moiz Shahid is a UAE cricketer who currently plays for the United Arab Emirates .
Cal Henrik Max Magnus Norman ( born July 30 , 1973 ) is a Swedish artist , painter , and sculptor .
Miikka Anttila ( born September 10 , 1972 in Janakkala ) is a Finnish rally co - driver , currently the co - driver of Jari - Matti Latvala .
Stephen Dent ( born September 30 , 1966 ) is an ADT engineer and managing director at Daddy 's House Recording Studio in New York overseeing its day - to - day operations .
George D. Beveridge ( January 5 , 1922 -- February 14 , 1987 ) was an American journalist praised for his coverage of the Washington politics , government , and regional development , and described by The Washington Post as `` an expert on this city and a keen observer and critic of journalistic ethics and practices '' .
Robert Williamson III ( born November 7 , 1970 ) is an American poker player from Dallas , Texas .
Hannah Waddingham is an English actress and singer .
Benjamin Henry Latrobe , II ( December 19 , 1806 -- October 19 , 1878 ) was an American civil engineer , best known for his railway bridges , and a railway executive .
Sabitri Bogati ( Pathak ) ( Nepali : साबित्री बोगटी पाठक ) is a Nepalese politician , elected to the Pratinidhi Sabha in the 1999 election on behalf of the Nepali Congress .
Twinnie - Lee Moore is a British actress and singer , most notable for various stage performances and her role in Channel 4 British soap opera , Hollyoaks as Porsche McQueen from 2014 until 2015
Aharon Razin ( Hebrew : אהרון רזין ) ( born April 6 , 1935 ) is an Israeli biochemist .
Georg Bruchmüller ( December 11 , 1863 -- January 26 , 1948 ) , nicknamed Durchbruchmüller , was a German artillery officer who greatly influenced the development of modern artillery tactics .
Major Alfred Bennett Bamford ( 1857 -- 21 October 1939 ) was a painter known for pictures of Essex .
Omondi Abudho was an internationally renowned Kenyan photographer / advertising art director .
Damian Perkins is a singer , actor , dancer , artist and model .
Rorie Henderson ( born 1961 ) is a British rower who won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley and the Wingfield Sculls .
Kaarel Nurmsalu ( born April 30 , 1991 ) is an Estonian former ski jumper and nordic combined skier .
Dorothy Gambrell is a cartoonist who writes and draws the online comic strip Cat and Girl in addition to the blog very small array .
Atif Aslam ( born Muhammad Atif Aslam ) is a Pakistani singer , and film actor .
Gene Kim is an American entrepreneur , researcher , and author focused on IT operations , information security , and , DevOps .
Andrés de la Concha was a Spanish painter who is considered one of the best painters of the Viceroyalty of New Spain .
Bolus of Mendes ( Greek : Βῶλος Bolos ; fl . 3rd century BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher , a neo - Pythagorean writer of works of esoterica and medical works , who worked in Ptolemaic Egypt .
Marilyn Lightstone attended TFcon 2013 as a guest where she reprised her rolls as Crasher and Pathfinder ( called Roswell ) for a voice actor play .
Besarion Gugushvili ( born May 6 , 1945 ) is a Georgian politician and a former Prime Minister of the country .
Spencer Dale ( born 12 January 1967 ) is a British economist who sat on the Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee from 2008 through 2014 , including a period as Chief Economist .
In english ( Little gift of Christmas),is his long play was edited by Discos Fuentes mixing between those 12 songs of the album four songs that were recorded after Buitragos Death by another singer called Julio C. San Juan and do n't belong to Guillermo Buitrago .
Bayan Jumah is a Syrian swimmer from Aleppo .
Fleur Ezekiel was an Indian model who was crowned Eve 's Weekly Miss India 1959 and represented India at Miss World 1959 .
Adriaen van Bloemen or Adrian Blum ( February 27 , 1639 -- c1697 ) was a Flemish Baroque painter , printmaker , draughtsman and engraver .
Dieter Seebach is a German chemist known for his synthesis of biopolymers and dendrimers , and for his contributions to stereochemistry .
Pierre Franey ( January 13 , 1921 -- October 15 , 1996 ) was a French chef , best known for his televised cooking shows and his `` 60 Minute Gourmet '' column in The New York Times .
Christine Milton is a Danish pop singer , songwriter and professional dancer .
Lucien Boudreau ( August 6 , 1874 -- December 16 , 1962 ) was a politician , mayor of St. Albert , Alberta , and member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta ( then called the Provincial Parliament ) .
Frank St. John Sidway ( December 15 , 1869 - January 17 , 1938 ) , was a Buffalo , New York lawyer and National Guard leader .
Heinrich Spiess ( born in Munich , May 10 , 1832 ; died there , August 8 , 1875 ) was a German painter .
Anthony J. Martin is a paleontologist who has taught at Emory University since the early 1990s .
Aimee Willard ( June 8 , 1974 -- June 20 , 1996 ) was a star lacrosse player who was murdered near Philadelphia on her way home from a night out with friends .
Enzo Marciano is an Italian conductor , composer and organist .
John F. Bacon ( February 2 , 1789 in Great Barrington , Berkshire County , Massachusetts -- February 25 , 1860 in Nassau , The Bahamas ) was an American lawyer , diplomat and politician from New York .
Facundo Hurtado Castellón ( born November 27 , 1950 , Oruro ) is a Bolivian politician and journalist .
Brad Leland ( born September 15 , 1954 ) is an American film and television actor best known for his role as Buddy Garrity in the NBC / DirecTV series Friday Night Lights .
Thomas Tuschl ( born June 1 , 1966 ) is a German biochemist and molecular biologist , known for his research on RNA .
Matthew Jacobs ( born July 1 , 1956 ) is a British writer , director , producer and actor .
Gabriel Ste - Marie is a Canadian politician and academic .
Antonio Frixione ( January 8 , 1843 -- April 14 , 1914 ) was an Italian landscape and portrait painter and printmaker .
Zhang Jianting is a Chinese boxer who won bronze at the Asian Championships 2006 at middleweight .
Grażyna Prokopek - Janáček ( born 20 April 1977 in Zalewo ) is a Polish sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres and 4x400 m relay .
Elisha Cooper is an American writer and children 's book author .
Čedo Antolić ( born January 1 , 1951 in Zagreb ) Croatian spiritual poet and songwriter .
Frank Leith Jones is an American academic , public servant and military historian .
Pietro Adami was an Italian painter of coastal and marine views or vedute , active around the year 1730 .
Victor Khojane , better known as Dr Victor or Dr Vic , is a South African reggae and rhythm'n'blues musician , who was born in Kimberley .
Hugh Ike Shott ( September 3 , 1866 -- October 12 , 1953 ) was a newspaper editor , pioneer broadcaster , and Republican politician in the U.S. State of West Virginia .
Henry FitzHugh , 3rd Baron FitzHugh KG ( c. 1363 -- 11 January 1425 ) was an English administrator and diplomat who served under Henry IV and Henry V.
Jay Ghartey , also known as Kweku Gyasi Ghartey , is a Ghanaian - American music producer , singer , and songwriter based in New York City , describing his style as African Rhythm and Blues .
Edmund Pike Graves ( March 13 , 1891 -- November 22 , 1919 ) was an American aviator , United States Air Force and Polish Air Force officer , the latter as a member of the Kościuszko Squadron .
Jason Collett is a Toronto - based Canadian singer - songwriter .
Yida Huang ( simplified Chinese : 黄义达 ; traditional Chinese : 黃義達 ; pinyin : Huang Yida ; born August 11 , 1979 ) is a Singaporean singer and songwriter .
Mark Chai ( born in Honolulu ) is a Hawaiian - Chinese sculptor who shapes fine woods and recycled materials into lamps , sculpture , large installations and furniture .
Benjamin Wilkes ( died c. 1749 ) was an 18th - century artist and naturalist in London .
Marissa Mishelle ( born Marissa Leigh Dubowy on October 9 , 1989 in Phoenix , Arizona ) is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Richard P. Howard is historian emeritus of Community of Christ , having served as world church historian of that organization ( previously named the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints ) from 1966 - -1994 .
John R. Rivera ( born October 28 , 1982 ) is a Cuban professional wrestler better known by his ring name Rocky Romero and as the fourth incarnation of Black Tiger .
Franciszek Armiński ( b. October 2 , 1789 in Tymbark -- January 14 , 1848 in Warsaw ) was a Polish astronomer .
Antony Pitts ( born 1969 in Farnborough , Kent ) is a British composer , producer and conductor .
Thomas Otten is a French countertenor singer in the Classical Crossover style .
Robert E. Merriman ( November 5 , 1916 - February 2 , 1983 ) , was an actor , a Tony Award winning producer , and a director for Broadway theatre , Off Broadway and television .
Wendy McMahon ( born 1951 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a former Canadian politician , who was a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005 .
Wali Razaqi ( born January 25 , 1979 ) is an American film producer and actor .
Ferdinand Piloty ( August 28 , 1786 -- January 8 , 1844 ) was a German lithographer .
Dhaffer L'Abidine ( also Dhafer El Abidine or Dhafer L'Abidine ) ( born 1972 ) is a Tunisian former professional soccer player and now actor , who has starred in Sky One 's Dream Team , BBC 's Spooks and ITV 's The Bill and more recently starred in the controversial film The Mark of Cain as Omar Abdullah .
Guillaume Boutheroue was a French engineer who completed the Briare Canal , originated by Hugues Cosnier .
Peter Coyote ( born Robert Peter Cohon ; October 10 , 1941 ) is an American actor , author , director , screenwriter and narrator of films , theatre , television and audiobooks .
Léopold Eyharts ( born April 28 , 1957 ) is a Brigadier General in the French Air Force , an engineer and ESA astronaut .
Eduardo Rabossi ( 1930 - -2005 ) was an Argentine philosopher and human rights activist .
Parker Stevenson ( born Richard Stevenson Parker , Jr , on June 4 , 1952 ) is an American television and film actor .
Robert Alan Moss , MD is a pediatrician who specialises in children with Attention Deficit Disorders ADD / ADHD .
Frank C. J. McGurk was an American psychologist who was noted for his claims about race and intelligence .
Edward Vebell ( born May 25 , 1921 ) is an American fencer and illustrator .
Gia Ventola is a fashion designer who currently lives in Ipswich , Massachusetts .
Anthony Katagas is a Greek - American Academy Award - winning film producer .
Thomas Hasilden ( died c. 1404 ) , of Guilden Morden , Cambridgeshire , was an English politician .
Loren Schoenberg ( born July 23 , 1958 in Fair Lawn , New Jersey ) is a tenor saxophonist , conductor , author , educator and jazz historian .
Modupe - Oreoluwa Oyeyemi Ola ( born October 16 , 1990 ) , known by her stage name Mo'Cheddah ( sometimes stylized as Mocheeda or Mocheddah ) , is a Nigerian rapper and singer .
William Goldwin Carrington Howland ( March 17 , 1915 -- May 13 , 1994 ) was a lawyer , judge and former Chief Justice of Ontario , Canada .
David Cromer ( born October 17 , 1964 ) is an American theatre director and stage actor .
Susan Davenny - Wyner ( born Susan Davenny , October 17 , 1943 ) is a nationally - acclaimed American conductor based in Massachusetts .
John H. Merrifield ( June 12 , 1847 -- December 29 , 1906 ) was a Vermont politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives .
Peter Duggan is an Irish hurler who currently plays for the Clare senior team .
Betsy Butler ( born June 14 , 1963 in Sacramento , California ) is an American politician who served in the California State Assembly .
Lois Rhame West ( September 5 , 1921 -- May 6 , 2014 ) was an American health and physical fitness advocate , activist , and philanthropist .
Job Bicknell Ellis ( January 21 , 1829 -- December 30 , 1905 ) was a pioneering North American mycologist known for his study of the Ascomycetes , especially the grouping of fungi called the Pyrenomycetes ( known today as the Sordariomycetes ) .
Karl Anton Nowotny ( June 21 , 1904 , Hollabrunn - December 31 , 1978 , Vienna ) was an Austrian ethnographer , art historian and academic , specialising in the study of Mesoamerican cultures .
Michael Martin Murphey ( born March 14 , 1945 ) is an American singer - songwriter best known for writing and performing Western music , country music and popular music .
Fausto Amodei is an Italian folk singer - songwriter and musicologist .
Bellamkonda Suresh is an Indian film producer in the Telugu film industry .
J'Leon Love ( born September 25 , 1987 ) is an American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division where he is the current WBA International Super Middleweight Champion .
Karim Sadr is an archaeologist contributing to research in southern Africa .
Lawrence Earl Wiezel ( April 29 , 1915 - April 5 , 2005 ) , known professionally as Lawrence Earl , was a Canadian journalist and novelist .
Kirk Baily ( Born September 9 , 1952 in New York City , New York ) is an American actor and voice actor .
Charles Heber Clark ( July 11 , 1841 -- August 10 , 1915 ) was an American novelist and humorist .
Dale Derkatch ( born October 17 , 1964 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a retired professional ice hockey player and former coach of the Regina Pats .
M. Aminul Islam is a former Bangladeshi career diplomat .
Grady Mathews ( born January 3 , 1943 , San Antonio , Texas died April 18 , 2012 , aged 69 ) , also known as `` The Professor '' , was an American pool player and was the first inductee into the One - Pocket Hall of Fame , in 2004 .
Patrick Ngugi Njoroge PhD , is a Kenyan economist and banker and the governor of the Central Bank of Kenya .
John Moyer ( born November 30 , 1973 ) is an American musician , best known as the current bassist and back - up vocalist for the heavy metal band Disturbed .
Darnell Carlton ( born August 20 , 1974 ) , better known by his stage name Crunchy Black , is an American rapper and Hype man .
Timmie Rogers ( born Timothy John Anerum July 4 , 1914 -- December 17 , 2006 ) was an American comedian , singer - songwriter , bandleader and actor who appeared on many national TV shows in the 1960s and 1970s .
Ananda Galappatti is a medical anthropologist and practitioner in the field of mental health in Sri Lanka .
Lauren Luke ( born December 8 , 1981 ) is a make - up artist known as Panacea81 online who attended her local college to study to become a beautician .
Jan Sychra ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjan ˈsɪxra ) ; born March 21 , 1969 ) is a Czech sport shooter .
Shade Rupe ( born August 23 , 1968 ) is an American writer , editor , and filmmaker .
Dr. George W. Watt ( January 8 , 1911 -- March 29 , 1980 ) was an American chemist who participated in the Manhattan Project .
Lena Doolin Mason ( 1864 -- 1924 ) was an American Methodist preacher and poet .
Manuel Octavio Gómez ( November 14 , 1934 -- January 2 , 1988 ) was a prolific Cuban film director and writer .
Affion Crockett ( born August 11 , 1974 ) is an American actor , writer , dancer , rapper , comedian and music producer .
Ronnie Golden , born Tony De Meur , is a British singer , guitarist and comedian .
Gérard Gasiorowski ( 1930 - -1986 ) was a French photographer , painter , and fictive artist .
Tarung Pabin is an Indian politician of Indian National Congress from Arunachal Pradesh .
Scott Hayden ( March 31 , 1882 -- September 16 , 1915 ) was an African - American composer of ragtime music .
Fred Rosenbaum is an American author , historian and adult educator , specializing in the history of the Jewish community of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Atul Parchure is an Indian actor who performs in films and television serials .
Samira Samii ( Persian : سمیرا سمیعی‎ ) ( born 1977 ) is an Iranian - born German sports agent and columnist for the German football magazine Rund .
Frank Gale Pedrick Harvey ( 1906 - -1970 ) was an English author , journalist , scriptwriter , and broadcaster known as Gale Pedrick .
Trish Costello ( born Patricia Costello ) is a Silicon Valley - based entrepreneur and investor .
Damon Che ( born Damon Che Fitzgerald , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is a rock drummer and guitarist .
Kojii Helnwein ( pronounced Ko - Jee Heln - wine ) , born 8 January , is an Irish actress , musician and model .
James Hoover ( February 28 , 1971 in Morgantown , West Virginia ) is a Grammy Award - winning freelance audio engineer who has worked with performers such as Beyoncé , ZZ Top , Chamillionaire , and many others .
Harold Lenoir Davis ( October 18 , 1894 - -October 31 , 1960 ) , also known as H. L. Davis , was an American novelist and poet .
Christy Mack ( born Christine Mackinday ; May 9 , 1991 ) is an American nude model , feature dancer , and former pornographic actress .
Eric Siday ( November 1 , 1905 , near London , England , UK -- March 26 , 1976 , in New York , New York , USA ) was a composer and musician .
Kate Atkinson Boehme was a New Thought writer whose articles were published in Elizabeth Towne 's magazine Nautilus .
Václav Neumann ( September 29 , 1920 -- September 2 , 1995 ) was a Czech conductor , violinist and viola player .
Filip Tegstedt ( born August 31 , 1978 ) is a Swedish film director , best known for the Swedish language horror film Marianne ( 2011 ) which premiered at the 2011 Fantasia International Film Festival .
Thornetta Davis ( born August 11 , 1963 ) is an American Detroit blues and rhythm and blues singer .
Margaret Olofsson Bergman was a Pacific Northwest weaver , teacher , and designer .
Giuseppe Tricarico ( Gallipoli , 1623 - 1697 ) was an Italian church and opera composer .
Tadeusz Wróblewski , ( Lithuanian : Tadas Vrublevskis , November 8 , 1858 -- July 3 , 1925 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian noble , politician , lawyer , bibliophile and cultural activist .
John Semple Galbraith ( born November 10 , 1916 , died 2003 ) was a British Empire historian concentrating on Canada ( The Hudson 's Bay Company ) and South and East Africa .
Tim Matheson ( born Timothy Lewis Matthieson ; December 31 , 1947 ) is an American actor , director and producer .
Jean - François Leduc is a film director born on November 11 , 1972 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Jeremy Frommer is an American financier and entrepreneur based in New Jersey .
Wolfgang Bernhard Fränkel ( * Bonn November 11 , 1795 ; Elberfeld - March 5 , 1851 ) was a German physician and writer .
John G. Fleagle is an American anthropologist , primatologist , and Distinguished Professor at State University of New York , Stony Brook .
Jack Stamp ( born March 5 , 1954 in College Park , Maryland ) is a North American Wind Ensemble conductor and composer .
Sachin Khedekar ( Marathi : सचिन खेडेकर ) is an Indian actor and director from Maharashtra , best known for his roles in the film Astitva , TV series Imtihaan , and as Subhas Chandra Bose in Shyam Benegal 's Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose :
Edmund Bielawski ( or Edmundo Bielawski ) was a Polish explorer and documentary film maker .
Mike Le is an American screenwriter , director , producer , editor , comic book writer and illustrator .
Abba Habib was a Nigerian politician who was general secretary of the Northern People 's Congress and later became a regional minister for Trade in the First Republic .
Alex Kozinski ( born July 23 , 1950 ) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , where he has served since 1985 .
Kristina Train ( born January 17 , 1982 in New York City ) is an American singer - songwriter and musician who has lived in London , United Kingdom since 2010 .
Willard Maas ( June 24 , 1906 -- January 2 , 1971 ) was an American experimental filmmaker and poet .
Richard H. Price ( born March 1 , 1943 ) is an American physicist specializing in general relativity .
Paul Thek ( November 2 , 1933 - August 10 , 1988 ) was an American painter and , later , sculptor and installation artist .
Renee Griffin is married to actor James Marshall .
Lyudmyla Shevchenko ( born February 4 , 1970 ) is a Ukrainian team handball player , currently playing for the club HC `` Motor '' Zaporizhia .
Wang Xilin ( Chinese : 王西麟 ; pinyin : Wáng Xīlín ; born December 13 , 1937 ) is a Chinese composer .
George T. Clemens ( July 26 , 1902 - October 29 , 1992 ) was a cinematographer who worked on such television shows as The Twilight Zone and Twelve O'Clock High .
Fulgencio Aquino ( January 1 , 1915 -- July 21 , 1994 ) , was a Venezuelan musician and popular composer , the author of the song El gato enmochilao .
Randi Mayem Singer is an American screenwriter , producer and showrunner best known for writing the screenplay to the 20th Century Fox blockbuster Mrs. Doubtfire starring Robin Williams and Sally Field .
Lavell Webb ( born August 31 , 1975 ) known by his stage name City Spud , is an American rapper and a member of the rap music group St. Lunatics .
Monroe Swan ( June 2 , 1937 ) is a Wisconsin politician who served several terms in the Wisconsin State Senate until being convicted of election fraud and removed from office .
Koh Se - kai ( Chinese : 許世楷 ; pinyin : Xǔ Shìkǎi ; Wade -- Giles : Hsu3 Shih4-kai3 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Khó͘ Sè - khái ; born 1934 in Changhua County ) , is a Taiwanese historian , politician , and diplomat .
Esther Bubley ( 1921 - -1998 ) was an American photographer who specialized in expressive photos of ordinary people in everyday lives .
Lado Gudiashvili ( Georgian : ლადო გუდიაშვილი ) ( 1896 - -1980 ) was a 20th - century Georgian painter .
Gioia Bruno ( born Carmen Gioia Bruno June 11 , 1963 , sometimes professionally credited as just Gioia ) is an Italian - born American popular music singer , most noted as a member of the vocal group Exposé .
Alexander Polishchuk ( Russian : Александр Полищук ) is a Russian conductor and Meritorious Artist .
Wm . Stage , also known as William Stage ( born June 30 , 1951 ) is an American journalist , author , and photographer , with a focus on the area and history of the American Midwest and St. Louis , Missouri .
David Baria ( born December 4 , 1962 ) is an American politician , attorney , and contractor .
Clair Huffaker ( September 26 , 1926 -- April 3 , 1990 ) was a U.S. screenwriter and author of westerns and other fiction , many of which were turned into films .
Aristóteles Radamés Coccó Flores ( May 13 , 1954 -- April 12 , 2012 ) was a Mexican professional wrestler , or luchador , best known for working under the ring name Masakre ( Spanish for Massacre ) in Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) .
Raymond Mearns is a Scottish actor and comedian who is best known for his part in Scottish comedy sitcom Legit , in which he played Happy Boab .
Michael Lembeck ( born June 25 , 1948 ) is an American actor , television and film director .
Juan Rafael Allende ( October 24 , 1848 -- July 20 , 1909 ) was a Chilean dramatist , author and journalist .
June MacCloy ( June 2 , 1909 -- May 5 , 2005 ) was an American actress and singer in the 1930s and 1940s .
Ranu Devi Adhikari ( Nepali : रानुदेवी अधिकारी)(1936- present ) is a singer of Nepal .
Agnes Akiror Egunyu , more commonly known as Agnes Akiror , is a Ugandan politician .
John L. Gaunt ( June 4 , 1924 , Syracuse , New York -- October 26 , 2007 , Desert Hot Springs , California ) was an American photographer .
Tisha Martin is a British actress and singer , formerly a member of the short - lived R&B band The 411 .
Charles Prickett was an English cricketer who made two first - class appearances for Kent in 1826 .
Liam Bartlett is a journalist from Perth , Western Australia .
Described as a `` highly politicized rapper who manages to convey his ideological leanings in an approachable fashion '' , Sun Rise Above has been compared to acts like Public Enemy and the Wu - Tang Clan , as well as contemporary political rappers such as Dead Prez and Immortal Technique .
Karina Pasian ( born July 18 , 1991 ) is a singer , songwriter and pianist .
Anastasia Ashley ( born February 10 , 1987 ) is an American professional surfer , and an occasional fashion model .
Jake Eberts , OC ( July 10 , 1941 -- September 6 , 2012 ) was a Canadian film producer , executive and financier .
James Joseph Paulsen ( born September 25 , 1943 , Rochester , Minnesota ) is an American country music singer , songwriter of Danish descent , known professionally as Joe Sun . Recording for the Ovation and Elektra Records labels , Sun charted fourteen singles on the Hot Country Songs charts .
Susana Ferrari Billinghurst ( 1914 - -1999 ) was an Argentine aviator of Italian , English and Irish descent .
Taborah is a dance , pop , and R&B singer who began her career in Italy as the writer , face and vocalist of the Italian Euro pop group , Blackwood .
Karl Kvaran ( November 17 , 1924 -- August 9 , 1989 ) was an Icelandic painter and draughtsman .
Jennifer Nicole Lee ( born Jennifer Nicole Siciliano on June 13 , 1975 ) is an American fitness model , motivational speaker , and author .
Timothy Simons ( born June 12 , 1978 ) is an American actor best known for his role as Jonah Ryan on the HBO television series Veep , for which he has received two nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series .
Collier Schorr ( born 1963 in New York ) is an American artist and fashion photographer best known for her portraits of adolescent men and women , which often blend photographic realism with elements of fiction and youthful fantasy .
Carol Hernandez is an American journalist at the Dayton Daily News .
Jamie Korngold is a Reform Jewish rabbi .
Jon Paul Fiorentino is a Canadian poet , novelist , short story writer , editor , and professor .
Carol Littleton ( born October 1948 ) is an American feature film editor .
Jeffrey Alexander Sterling is an American lawyer and former CIA employee who was arrested , charged , and convicted of violating the Espionage Act for revealing details about Operation Merlin to journalist James Risen .
Gina G ( born Gina Mary Gardiner , 3 August 1970 ) is an Australian singer who represented the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest in Oslo 1996 , with the song `` Ooh Aah ...
Carla Patricia Morrison Flores ( Tecate , Baja California , July 19 , 1986 ) , better known as Carla Morrison , is a Mexican indie - pop singer and composer .
Seth Enslow ( born 1975 ) is an American motorcyclist and stunt performer most notorious for his big jumps and equally big crashes .
James E. O'Neill , Jr. was a Democratic Michigan politician and teacher who served as a member of that state 's House of Representatives from 1967 through 1994 .
Yavar Jamalov Talyb oglu ( Azerbaijani : Yavər Camalov Talıb oğlu ; born October 17 , 1949 ) is an Azerbaijani politician serving as the first Minister of Defense Industry of Azerbaijan .
Muhammad Siraj Ali ( Bengali : মুহাম্মদ সিরাজ আলি ; born 24 November 1954 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British restaurateur and philanthropist .
Jane Claire Dirks - Edmunds ( June 9 , 1912 -- December 29 , 2003 ) was an American ecologist , biologist and author of Not Just Trees .
As Alexander II 's elder brother , Perdiccas III was under age when Alexander II was killed , Ptolemy of Aloros ruled as regent .
It is related of the Socratic philosopher Aristippus that , being shipwrecked and cast ashore on the coast of the Rhodians , he observed geometrical figures drawn thereon , and cried out to his companions : `` Let us be of good cheer , for I see the traces of man . ''
Frank A. Moore ( November 5 , 1844 -- September 25 , 1918 ) was an American politician and judge in the state of Oregon .
Danny Hoch ( born November 23 , 1970 ) is an American actor writer , director and performance artist .
Juan Carlos Mareco ( January 20 , 1926 -- October 8 , 2009 ) was a Uruguayan actor and radio and television talk show host .
Domingos Olímpio Braga Cavalcanti ( September 18 , 1851 -- October 7 , 1906 ) was a Brazilian novelist , journalist and playwright , famous for his Naturalist novel Luzia - Homem .
William Delafield Cook AM ( 1936 - -2015 ) was an Australian artist who was known for his stark landscapes .
Major General Asang Laoly is a Laotian politician and member of the Lao People 's Revolutionary Party .
John Bell Jr. ( October 4 , 1937 -- November 8 , 2013 ) was an acclaimed American painter and sculptor whose career spanned nearly fifty years .
Mocean Worker ( pronounced `` motion worker '' ) is the recording alias of jazz musician and producer Adam Dorn .
Sunil Valson ( born 2 October 1958 ) in Secunderabad , Andhra Pradesh is a former Indian cricketer who was selected for the 1983 Cricket World Cup but never received a chance to play in the tournament .
Joyos de Tolosa ( probably late 13th century ) , whose first named is also spelled Joios , was a troubadour from Toulouse ( also Toloza or Tholosa ) .
Nikolay Andreyevich Andreyev ( 1873 - -1932 ) was a Russian sculptor , graphic artist and stage designer .
Aubrey Cleland is an American model and singer who came 11th place on the twelfth season of American Idol .
Leonardo Drew is an African American sculptor .
Juliet Turner is a singer / songwriter from Tummery , near Omagh , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Donna Wyant ( born Donna McLaughlin , and often credited as Donna McLaughlin Wyant ) is an actress , director , singer , songwriter , and producer .
Lucian Perkins is an award - winning American photojournalist , who is best known for covering a number of controversial conflicts with profound compassion for his photograph 's subjects , including the war in Afghanistan , Kosovo and the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
Christa Czekay , née Elsler ( born 20 March 1944 in Waldenburg ) is a retired West German sprinter who specialized in the 200 and 400 metres .
Gašper Potočnik ( born 1980 ) is a Slovenian basketball coach of Union Olimpija .
Adaeus , or Addaeus ( Greek : Ἀδαῖος or Ἀδδαῖος ) , a Greek epigrammatic poet , a native most probably of Macedonia .
Fred Stein ( July 3 , 1909 -- September 27 , 1967 ) was an early pioneer of the hand - held camera who became a gifted street photographer in Paris and New York after he was forced to flee his native Germany by the Nazi threat in the early 1930s .
Leyla Neyzi ( born July 29 , 1961 ) is a Turkish academic ( anthropologist / sociologist / historian ) who is currently working in Sabancı University , Istanbul .
Madeleine Dean ( born June 6 , 1959 ) is a politician from the U.S. commonwealth of Pennsylvania .
Meic Povey is a Welsh actor , screenwriter and director , and is considered to be one of Wales ' leading playwrights .
Gerard Melancon ( born May 19 , 1967 , in Rayne , Louisiana ) is an American jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing .
Bert Bertrand was a journalist from Belgium .
Patty Gasso reached a milestone on March 27 , 2013 she got wins No . 900 and 901 since being the head coach at OU in a sweep of the Wichita State Shockers .
Christopher Eric Johnson , Jr. ( born April 28 , 1974 ) , also known as Eric Vale , is an American voice actor , ADR director , script writer , and head writer at Funimation , who provided voices for a number of English versions of Japanese anime series and video games .
Siddharth Randeria is an Indian actor of Gujarati theatre and films .
Lester Lockett ( March 25 , 1912 -- October 4 , 2005 ) was an African - American baseball player in the Negro Leagues .
John Benjamin Briley ( Born March 19 , 1989 , known as Ben Briley ) is an American singer from Gallatin , Tennessee , who finished in 11th place on the thirteenth season of American Idol .
Ronika ( born Veronica Sampson ) is an English singer - songwriter and DJ . Born in Nottingham , she writes , sings and produces her own music .
Omid Tabibzadeh ( Born 1961 in Tehran ) is an Iranian linguist and Associate Professor of the Department of Linguistics at the Bu - Ali Sina University .
Christopher Thomas Howell ( born December 7 , 1966 ) , known as C. Thomas Howell , is an American actor and director .
Sean Tallaire ( born October 3 , 1973 in Steinbach , Manitoba ) is a Canadian ice hockey player who played in the International Hockey League and the German Elite League ( DEL ) .
Alister MacKenzie ( August 30 , 1870 -- January 6 , 1934 ) was a British golf course architect whose course designs span four continents .
Fra Angelico ( born Guido di Pietro ; c. 1395 -- February 18 , 1455 ) was an Early Italian Renaissance painter described by Vasari in his Lives of the Artists as having `` a rare and perfect talent '' .
The Legendary Traxster ( born Samuel Lindley ; July 14 , 1973 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American songwriter , rapper and record producer .
Nick Terry is an English former professional snooker player .
John Alexander Greer ( July 18 , 1802 -- July 4 , 1855 ) was a Texan politician , and the second Lieutenant Governor of Texas serving under Governors George T. Wood and Peter H. Bell .
Gabriel Traversari ( born Gabriel Augusto Traversari Debayle on September 7 , 1963 ) is a Nicaraguan American actor , director , writer , singer , songwriter , painter and photographer .
Lee Roy Parnell ( born December 21 , 1956 ) is an American country music and blues artist , singer , songwriter , and guitarist .
Preston Keat ( born September 22 , 1966 ) is an American political scientist specializing in global political risk .
Harold Crooks is a Canadian journalist , writer and director of film documentaries .
Ashley Page ( born August 1956 ) is a British former ballet dancer , choreographer and was artistic director of Scottish Ballet for ten years .
Choi Hong - man ( Korean : 최홍만 , Hanja : 崔洪萬 , born in Jeju - do ) , often anglicised to Hong - man Choi , is a South Korean kickboxer , mixed martial artist and former ssireum wrestler .
Gennaro Basile was an Italian painter , born in Naples but active in the German - speaking countries .
Aziz Sejawal ( also spelt Sajawal or Sajaawal ) is an Indian film director of Bollywood films .
Mary Ann Shadd Cary ( October 9 , 1823 -- June 5 , 1893 ) was an American - Canadian anti - slavery activist , journalist , publisher , teacher and lawyer .
Stephen Mopope ( 1898 - -1974 ) was a Kiowa painter , dancer , and flute player of Spanish descent , from Oklahoma .
Ludmila Frajt ( December 31 , 1919 -- March 14 , 1999 ) was a Yugoslav and Serbian composer .
Frederick Elmes , A.S.C. ( born November 4 , 1946 ) is an American cinematographer who has won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography twice , for Wild at Heart and Night on Earth .
Virgilio Rodríguez Macal ( June 28 , 1916 -- February 13 , 1964 ) was a Guatemalan writer , journalist , and diplomat who won various international and national prizes .
Bernard Fassier is a French diplomat , one of the current 3 co - chairmen of the OSCE Minsk Group .
Leigh Van Valen ( August 12 , 1935 -- October 16 , 2010 ) was an American evolutionary biologist .
Brian Tutunick ( born March 31 , 1968 ) is an American musician , more famously known as Olivia Newton Bundy , and was the bassist and co - founder of the rock group Marilyn Manson until 1990 , when he was replaced by Gidget Gein .
Thomas Unniyadan is a local politician and Kerala Congress ( M ) Leader .
Ardelle Kloss Sanderson ( born April 12 , 1916 ; died September 15 , 2011 in Lake Placid , NY ) was an American figure skater who competed in pair skating and ice dancing .
Dominic Augustin Hall ( January 1 , 1765 -- December 19 , 1820 ) was a United States federal judge , appointed by two different presidents to four federal judicial positions .
John Lawry ( born June 15 , 1950 ) is a Christian musician , composer , producer , and songwriter .
Edgar Domingo Evia y Joutard , known professionally as Edgar de Evia ( July 30 , 1910 -- February 10 , 2003 ) , was a Mexican - born American photographer .
Maciej Dziewoński ( died May 31 , 1794 ) was a Polish priest , noted for his opposition to the Kościuszko Uprising and his espionage for Russians .
Rolf Michel ( * January 21 , 1945 Tambach - Dietharz ) is a German physicist .
Christiana Lund is a Grammy - winning American singer .
Joy Fielding ( née Tepperman ; born March 18 , 1945 ) is a Canadian novelist and actress .
Ebenezer Brigham ( April 28 , 1789 -- September 14 , 1861 ) was a 19th - century American pioneer , businessman and politician .
Michel Vion is a French alpine skier and world champion .
Rob Yeung ( Ph.D. ) is a British psychologist , business speaker , and management author .
Shelby Starner was a pop singer who was signed to Warner Bros. Records in early December 1997 .
Kelly Ward ( born on November 17 , 1956 ) is an American actor and voice director for TV animation .
Felipe de Salcedo was a Spanish explorer who was a member of the López de Legazpi expedition to the Philippines in the 16th century .
Zuleika Angel Jones ( June 5 , 1921 -- April 14 , 1976 ) , better known as Zuzu Angel , was a Brazilian - American fashion designer , who became famous for opposing the Brazilian military dictatorship after the forced disappearance of her son , Stuart .
Kathleen Butler was a British screenwriter who worked on the scripts of over forty films .
Gustavo Hernández Pérez ( born February 21 , 1974 ) Originally from Caracas , is a Venezuelan film director and writer .
Mohamed Hassan Nuriye ( Somali : Maxamed Xasan Nuuriye , Arabic : محمد حسن نورية‎ ) is a Somali politician .
Douglas Jimerson is an American singer known for his interpretation of Civil War songs .
Cecil Victor Boley Marquand ( 1897 - -1943 ) was an English botanist , the only son of Ernest David Marquand , the author of a Flora of Guernsey .
Franz Halberg ( July 5 , 1919 -- June 9 , 2013 ) was a scientist and one of the founders of modern chronobiology .
Raelee Frazier is a Denver sculptor who specializes in casting the hands of sports heroes in bronze .
Victoria Hanley is an American young adult fantasy novelist .
Janaki Ammal Edavaleth Kakkat was an Indian botanist who conducted scientific research in cytogenetics and phytogeography .
Sergey Korzhukov ( Russian : Серге́й Коржуков ) ( December 2 , 1959 -- July 20 , 1994 ) was a Russian musician and soloist , best known for being the only singer of all Lesopoval songs for the first few years of the band 's existence .
Randall Graves ( March 19 , 1792 Ashfield , then in Hampshire Co. , now in Franklin County , Massachusetts - December 10 , 1831 ) was an American politician from New York
Irada Ibrahimova ( Azerbaijani : İradə İbrahimova ) is an Azerbaijani pop music singer .
Bernie Chiaravalle is an American guitarist and singer - songwriter .
Richard Leroy Williams ( April 6 , 1923 -- February 19 , 2011 ) was Virginia state judge and later a United States federal judge for the Eastern District of Virginia .
Kevin Mann is an American film producer of documentaries and feature films , including Fanboys , Fifty Pills , What We Do Is Secret , More Than a Game , The Cold Light of Day , A Band Called Death , `` Tell '' , Hello , My Name Is Doris , and most recently Grass Stains .
Sonia Sui ( Chinese : 隋棠 ; pinyin : Suí Táng ) is a model and actress in Taiwan .
Abhaya Subba ( Nepali : अभाय सुब्बा ) is a Nepalese singer - songwriter and musician , best known as the front woman of the Rock band Abhaya & the Steam Injuns .
Moses ben Isaac ha - Levi Minz ( 15th century ) was a German rabbi and contemporary of Israel Isserlein , whom he frequently consulted .
Alan R. Wilson is a Canadian novelist and poet , who won the Amazon.ca First Novel Award in 1999 for his novel Before the Flood .
Mark Aiston is an Australian sports journalist and sports presenter .
Angelika Kallio ( born September 15 ) is a Finnish model , living and working abroad since the early 1990s .
Tab Murphy is an American screenwriter who works in movies and television , notable for writing Disney movies , like The Hunchback of Notre Dame , Atlantis :
Sarah Joy Kabanuck , also known by her married name Sarah Joy Miller , is an American soprano singer .
Peter Aerts ( born October 25 , 1970 ) is a Dutch semi - retired super heavyweight kickboxer .
Harold Livingston is an American novelist and screenwriter who wrote the screenplay for Star Trek :
Wayne Federman ( born June 22 , 1959 ) is an American comedian , actor , author , comedy writer , and musician .
Emir Hrkalović ( Serbian : Емир Хркаловћ ; born May 17 , 1991 ) is Serbian biathlete .
Ugo Sansonetti ( born January 10 , 1919 ) , nicknamed Matusalesto ( a pun based on the name of Matusalem and the Italian lesto , `` quick '' ) , is an Italian writer and masters athlete .
Mensur Suljović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Менсур Суљовић ) ( born March 12 , 1972 in Tutin ) is a Serbian - born Austrian darts player .
Peter van Aelst , Peeter van Aelst or Pieter van Aelst was a Flemish genre painter and draughtsman active in Antwerp from 1644 to 1654 .
Carl Ellsworth is an American screenwriter whose best known movies include Red Eye , Disturbia and The Last House on the Left .
Flora Samuel is a British architect , author and academic .
Piyush Jha is a film director and screenwriter and novelist of Indian origin , most known for his acclaimed films Sikandar ( 2009 ) , King of Bollywood and Chalo America and his Bestseller crime - thriller novels , Mumbaistan , Compass Box Killer , Anti - Social Network and Raakshas .
Publius Clodius Pulcher ( c. December 93 BC -- 52 BC , on January 18 of the pre - Julian calendar ) was a Roman politician known for his popularist tactics .
Joaquín Sáenz y Arriaga ( Joaquín Sáenz Arriaga ; October 12 , 1899 -- April 28 , 1976 ) was a Mexican Catholic priest and theologian .
Lemuel Wellman Wright was an inventor who was active in the early 19th century .
Manali Kallat Vainu Bappu ( August 10 , 1927 -- August 19 , 1982 ) was an Indian astronomer and president of the International Astronomical Union .
Samuel McIntire ( January 16 , 1757 -- February 6 , 1811 ) was an American architect and craftsman , best known for the Chestnut Street District , a classic example of Federal style architecture .
Pino Ammendola ( born 1951 ) is an Italian film actor .
Ronnie Baker Brooks ( born January 23 , 1967 ) is an American Chicago blues and soul blues guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Charlotte van Pallandt ( 1898 - -1997 ) , was a Dutch painter and sculptor .
Peter Laughner ( August 22 , 1952 -- June 22 , 1977 ) was an American guitarist , songwriter and singer .
Caroline Tresca was the partner of actor Philippe Caroit until 2008 .
Mats Traat ( born November 23 , 1936 in Arula , Otepää Parish ) is a prolific Estonian poet and author .
Anne Scott is a Scottish television continuity announcer and former broadcast journalist .
Gérard Vergnaud ( 1933 ) is a French mathematician , philosopher , educator , and psychologist .
Thomas Jarmoc ( born April 19 , 1987 ) is a Canadian volleyball player of Polish origins .
Everett Gendler ( born August 8 , 1928 ) is an American rabbi , known for his involvement in progressive causes , including the American civil rights movement , Jewish nonviolence , and the egalitarian Jewish Havurah movement .
Tomasz Strzeżek is a Polish historian and a professor at the University of Warmia and Mazury in Olsztyn .
Ron Franscell ( born January 29 , 1957 and raised in Casper , Wyoming ) is an American journalist , novelist and true crime writer best known for the true account The Darkest Night about the 1973 crimes against two childhood friends in the small community where Franscell grew up .
James Biber is an architect and partner in the firm Biber Architects , based in New York .
Irene Greif is an American computer scientist and a founder of the field of Computer - Supported Cooperative Work ( CSCW ) .
Samuel Smedley was a ship captain during the Revolutionary War privateer from Fairfield , CT .
J. Don Ferguson ( 1933 -- October 1 , 2008 ) , sometimes credited as `` Don Ferguson '' , was a prolific American character actor who appeared in feature films and television programs .
Jon Drew is a Canadian record producer and recording engineer based in Toronto .
James Otis Kaler ( March 19 , 1848 -- December 11 , 1912 ) was an American journalist and author of children 's literature .
Jim Mulholland ( born in Rockville Center , New York ) is an American television writer and film screenwriter .
Johnny Montagnese , a professional drummer for over thirty five years , has traveled the world extensively with many well known bands which enhanced his ability to play exceptionally well in a wide spectrum of music styles .
Carolyn Christov - Bakargiev ( born December 2 , 1957 , in Ridgewood , New Jersey , US ) is an American writer , art historian and curator .
Risa Yoshiki ( 吉木りさ ) is a Japanese glamour model , actress , and singer .
Imani Patterson was the second actor to play Miles Robinson on Sesame Street .
Kenneth Browne is an African - American figurative painter working in Brooklyn .
Manuel Jacques Parraguez , is a Chilean lawyer , academic and politician .
Klaus P. Arnold is a German lawyer and local politician .
Devin Bronson ( born Seattle , Washington , May 15 , 1983 ) is a guitarist , songwriter and producer based in Los Angeles , having worked with artists such as Avril Lavigne , David Cook and Sebastian Bach .
Dominic Antonucci is a ballet master and ex - principal dancer with the Birmingham Royal Ballet ( BRB ) .
Robert Kegan ( born August 24 , 1946 ) is an American developmental psychologist and author .
Cathy King ( born September 3 , 1959 ) , formerly Cathy Borst ( Cathy 's married name was Borst - when she divorced she went back to her maiden name of King ) is a Canadian curler from St. Albert , Alberta .
John Yap ( Chinese : 葉志明 ; pinyin : Yè Zhìmíng ; born 1959 ) MLA is a Canadian politician and former banker .
Duffy Conroy is an American college basketball coach and currently an assistant coach with the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs basketball team .
Sally Shlaer ( December 3 , 1938 -- November 12 , 1998 ) was an American mathematician , software engineer and methodologist , known as co - developer of the 1980s Shlaer--
Dunbar Rowland ( August 25 , 1864 − November 1 , 1937 ) was a noted American attorney , archivist , and historian .
William Barksted ( fl . 1611 ) was an English actor and poet .
Carl Hession is a notable Irish composer , arranger and pianist .
Renzo Rubino ( born 1988 ) is an Italian pop singer songwriter .
Lionel Tiger ( born February 5 , 1937 Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian - born , American - based anthropologist .
Justin Paul ( born January 3 , 1985 ) is an American theater and television composer .
Glen Roven is a two - time Emmy winning composer , lyricist , conductor and producer .
Edwin Upton Curtis ( May 26 , 1861 -- March 28 , 1922 ) was an American attorney and politician from Massachusetts who served as the 34th Mayor of Boston in 1895 .
Chris Goldfinger is a former BBC Radio 1 disc jockey who presented the station 's reggae dancehall show from 1996 to September 2009 .
Perot de Garbalei , flourished circa 1300 , is only known as the author of one poem .
Edward Burtynsky , OC ( born February 22 , 1955 ) is a Canadian photographer and artist known for his large - format photographs of industrial landscapes .
Balázs Gercsák ( born October 14 , 1986 ) is a Hungarian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle events .
Felipe Checa was a Spanish painter active in Badajoz during the nineteenth - century .
Taira no Sadamori ( 平 貞盛)(10th century ) was a samurai of the Taira clan who was involved in suppressing the revolt of Taira no Masakado in the 930s-940 .
Harriet Burns ( August 20 , 1928 -- July 25 , 2008 ) was an American artist and designer .
Chad I Ginsburg ( born April 24 , 1972 ) , also credited as CiG , is an American musician and record producer .
Robert Caplin ( born 1983 , United States ) is an American photographer and cinematographer .
Pyotr Lavrentyevich Ulyanov ( Russian : Пётр Лавре́нтьевич Улья́нов ) ( May 3 , 1928 -- November 13 , 2006 ) was a Russian mathematician working on analysis .
Tobias Schneebaum ( March 25 , 1922 -- September 20 , 2005 ) was an American artist , anthropologist , and AIDS activist .
Jeffrey Chipps Smith is an American art historian specialising in the Northern Renaissance and Baroque art and architecture .
Maryam Mirzakhani ( Persian : مریم میرزاخانی‎‎ ; born May 1977 ) is an Iranian mathematician working in the United States .
Selmer Jackson ( May 7 , 1888 -- March 30 , 1971 ) was an American stage film and television actor .
Walter Gay ( January 22 , 1856 - July 15 , 1937 ) was an American painter born at Hingham , Massachusetts .
Carla Bley ( née Borg ; born May 11 , 1936 ) is an American jazz composer , pianist , organist and bandleader .
Jelena Popović - Volarić , née Jelena Veljača ( born April 23 , 1981 ) is a Croatian actress and screenwriter , currently writing a weekly column for Nedjeljni Jutarnji .
Lloyd Price Avenue in Kenner , Louisiana , was named for the singer and the city celebrates an annual Lloyd Price Day .
Joan Wasser ( born July 26 , 1970 ) , known by her stage name Joan As Police Woman , is an American musician and singer - songwriter .
KT Sullivan is an American singer and actress known for her performances in cabaret and musical theatre .
Brett Baer is an American television producer , actor , and screenwriter who has worked on many successful television shows .
C. W. Francis Everitt is a US - based English physicist working on experimental testing of general relativity .
Alice Desjardins is a former judge of the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal , having served from June 29 , 1987 , to August 11 , 2009 .
Bokeh Kosang ( 徐詣帆 , Xu Yi - Fan , born 26 July 1980 ) is a Taiwanese actor and singer of Truku ethnicity .
Pete Sandoval ( born May 21 , 1963 ) is a Salvadoran - born American death metal drummer .
Peter Linz ( b. June 28 , 1967 ) is an American puppeteer .
Goh Kun ( Hangul : 고건 , Hanja : 高建 , born January 2 , 1938 ) is a South Korean politician .
Francis Pharcellus Church ( February 22 , 1839 -- April 11 , 1906 ) was an American publisher and editor .
Peter Monamy was an English marine painter who lived between 1681 and 1749 .
Edward Joseph Collins ( November 10 , 1886 -- December 1 , 1951 ) was an American pianist , conductor and composer of classical music in a neoromantic style .
Lis Harris is an American journalist and author and was for 25 years a staff writer on The New Yorker magazine which she left in 1995 .
Brie Gertler is a philosopher who works primarily on problems in the philosophy of mind .
Tod Robinson Caldwell ( February 19 , 1818 -- July 11 , 1874 ) was a lawyer and the 41st Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1871 until his death in Hillsborough in North Carolina in 1874 .
Crystal Kiang ( Chinese : 江玟玟 ; pinyin : Jiāng Wénwén ) ( born April 12 , 1990 ) is a Taiwanese - American figure skater who competes internationally for Taiwan in ladies singles .
Rolf Liebermann ( September 14 , 1910 -- January 2 , 1999 ) , was a Swiss composer and music administrator .
Evheniya Tulchevska ( Ukrainian : Євгенія Тульчевська ; born 1990 in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian model who represented her country in the Miss World 2009 pageant , which took place on December 12 , 2009 , in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Jeff Greenfield ( born June 10 , 1943 ) is an American television journalist and author .
Sunil Das ( August 4 , 1939 -- August 10 , 2015 ) was an Indian expressionist painter .
Judy Battista ( born March 10 , 1966 ) is a sports journalist for NFL.com specializing in professional football .
William Phiston or Fiston ( fl . 1571 -- 1609 ) , was an English translator and author .
Andrew J. Newman is a reader in Islamic Studies and Persian at the University of Edinburgh .
Ramanichandran ( Tamil : ரமணிசந்திரன் ) is a prolific Tamil romance novelist , and presently the best - selling author in the Tamil language .
Naresh Kanodia is a veteran actor in Gujarati cinema .
Shane Black ( born December 16 , 1961 ) is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and actor .
Scott Paluch is a regional manager for USA Hockey and a former ice hockey player and coach .
Chen Jian - yu ( Chinese : 陳建宇 ; pinyin : Chén Jiànyǔ ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Ira Clifton Copley ( October 25 , 1864 -- November 1 , 1947 ) was an American publisher , politician , and utility tycoon .
Obi Ndefo is an American of Nigerian heritage , an actor best known as Bodie Wells on the television drama Dawson 's Creek .
Tevfik Ahmet Özal ( born 1955 ) is a Turkish politician , the son of former Turkish President and Prime Minister Turgut Özal and a member of the Özal family .
Katherine Baicker ( born May 23 , 1971 ) is an American economist and a professor of health economics in the Department of Health Policy and Management at the Harvard School of Public Health .
Suetonius was a close friend of senator and letter - writer Pliny the Younger .
Harry Theophilus Toulmin ( March 4 , 1838 -- November 12 , 1916 ) was a lawyer and United States federal judge from Mobile County , Alabama .
The two United Torah Judaism MKs ( Uri Maklev and Moshe Gafni ) had paid a visit to the Slonim rabbi , who lives in Mea Shearim and then entered a synagogue to pray .
Marcelo Pereira Dourado , known as Marcelo Dourado ( born April 29 , 1972 ) , is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist and personal trainer .
Colin Heywood is a singer , actor and television presenter .
Kamanda Bataringaya is a Ugandan physician , politician and former diplomat .
Peter of Auvergne ( died 1304 ) was a French philosopher and theologian .
Marius Jampolskis is a Lithuanian actor and TV host .
Chris Hughes ( born November 26 , 1983 ) is an American entrepreneur who co - founded and served as spokesman for the online social directory and networking site Facebook , with Harvard roommates Mark Zuckerberg , Dustin Moskovitz , Eduardo Saverin , and Andrew McCollum .
Edward Villiers Rippingille ( c. 1790 - -1859 ) was an English oil painter and watercolourist who was a member of the informal group of artists which has come to be known as the Bristol School .
Tiger JK ( born July 29 , 1974 ; as Seo Jung - kwon Korean : 서정권 , Hanja : 徐廷權 ) is a Korean - American rapper , record producer and entrepreneur best known as one of the founding members of hip - hop group Drunken Tiger .
Claude Monteux ( October 15 , 1920 -- February 22 , 2013 ) was an American flutist and conductor .
William Jermaine Stewart ( September 7 , 1957 -- March 17 , 1997 ) was an American R&B singer best known for his 1986 hit single `` We Do n't Have to Take Our Clothes Off '' , which reached # 2 in both the UK and Canada .
Oxana Guseva is a Paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S7 events .
Liberty Hyde Bailey ( March 15 , 1858 -- December 25 , 1954 ) was an American horticulturist , botanist and cofounder of the American Society for Horticultural Science .
Bolivar Trask was an anthropologist who saw the rise of mutants as a threat to humanity .
An - Nasir Muhammad bin Abdallah ( November 3 , 1196 - December 1 , 1226 ) was an imam of part of the Zaidi state in Yemen , who ruled in 1217 - 1226 in rivalry with a contender .
Colonel John Hamilton Gillespie ( 14 October 1852 -- 7 September 1923 ) was a Scottish - American soldier , land developer , businessman and politician , who settled in Sarasota , Florida , becoming Sarasota 's first mayor .
Marc Postman is an astronomer at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore , Maryland .
Bernhard van den Sigtenhorst Meyer ( or Sigtenhorst - Meyer ; also Bernard ) ( 1888 - -1953 ) was a Dutch composer and great connoisseur of the works of Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck .
Fadhili William Mdawida ( most often referred to simply as Fadhili William ) ( November 11 , 1938 -- February 11 , 2001 ) , was a Kenyan musician / composer who is most famous for his song `` Malaika '' which he recorded with his band ' The Jambo Boys ' around 1963 .
Newton R. Casey ( January 27 , 1826 -- ? ) was an American doctor and politician from Illinois .
Mary E. Grant ( born January 10 , 1953 in New Haven , Connecticut ) is an American psychiatric nurse and politician who represented the 6th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2003 - -2011 .
Helēna Demakova ( born September 3 , 1959 ) is a Latvian art historian , curator of art exhibitions , and politician .
Manuelcha Prado ( born 10 June 1955 ) is a guitarist , singer , composer , compiler and troubadour of Andean music .
John Obafunwa is a Nigerian medical expert , pathologist , lawyer , author and former Vice - Chancellor of Lagos State University .
Bryan Caraway ( born August 4 , 1984 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC 's Bantamweight division .
Wallis Annenberg was born to a Jewish family in Philadelphia on July 15 , 1939 , the daughter of publishing magnate Walter Hubert Annenberg and his first wife , Bernice Veronica Dunkelman ( known as Ronny ) , a socialite from a Toronto family .
Antanas Juška ( June 16 , 1819 in Daujotai , near Ariogala -- November 1 , 1880 in Kazan ) was a Roman Catholic pastor , lexicographer , folklorist , and musicologist .
Wendy Kaminer ( born 1949 ) is an American lawyer and writer .
Fayeq Mohammed Al - Ayadhi ( Arabic : فائق محمد علي العياضي ) ( May 5 , 1948 - - ? ) , better known by his pen name Fayeq Abdul - Jaleel ( Arabic : فائق عبدالجليل ) , was a prominent Kuwaiti poet , playwright and lyricist whose work was well known throughout the Arab world .
Ira Gershwin ( December 6 , 1896 -- August 17 , 1983 ) was an American lyricist who collaborated with his younger brother , composer George Gershwin , to create some of the most memorable songs of the 20th century .
Flavius Procopius Anthemius ( fl . 469 - -515 AD ) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire , son of Western Roman Emperor Anthemius .
Sophie Maslow ( March 22 , 1911 - June 25 , 2006 ) was an American choreographer , modern dancer and teacher , and founding member of New Dance Group .
George Charalambous ( Greek : Γιώργος Χαραλάμπους ; born June 1 , 1987 ) is a Greek - Cypriot actor and filmmaker and is mainly known for playing young Telemachus in the 1999 film The Road to Ithaca .
Theodore Emanuel Schmauk , D.D. , LL.D. ( May 30 , 1860 - March 23 , 1920 ) was an American Lutheran minister , educator , author and Church theologian .
Georgia Carroll ( November 18 , 1919 -- January 14 , 2011 ) was an American singer , fashion model , and actress , best known for her work with Kay Kyser 's big band orchestra in the mid-1940s .
James Turrell ( born May 6 , 1943 ) is an American artist primarily concerned with light and space .
William Pollack ( February 26 , 1926 -- November 3 , 2013 ) was a British - born American immunologist who developed the Rho(D ) immune globulin vaccine against Rh disease , a leading cause of erythroblastosis fetalis .
Karl Stefan ( March 1 , 1884 -- October 2 , 1951 ) was a US State of Nebraska Republican politician .
Jeanne Zaidel - Rudolph ( OIB ) ( born 9 July 1948 ) is a South African composer , pianist and teacher .
Adolfo Aguilar Zínser ( December 2 , 1949 -- June 5 , 2005 ) was a Mexican scholar , diplomat and politician who served as a National Security Advisor to President Vicente Fox and as a UN Security Council Ambassador in the midst of the US invasion of Iraq .
Grace Medes ( November 9 , 1886 -- December 31 , 1967 ) was an American biochemist , who discovered tyrosinosis -- a metabolic disorder today known as tyrosinemia -- and studied fatty acid metabolism .
Kim Hawtrey is an Australian economist , who has written on economics and on Christianity
R. Emmett McAuliffe , Jr. is an American intellectual property and entertainment lawyer .
Jules Fisher ( born November 12 , 1937 ) is an American lighting designer and producer .
Robert Andrew ( died 1437 ) , of Castle Eaton and Blunsdon St. Andrew , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Sebastian Volco ( also known as Volco ) is an Argentinian avant - garde composer , pianist and guitar player , best known as the creator of la Orquesta Metafisica , a music ensemble founded in 2009 in Buenos Aires ( progressive rock , avant - garde and jazz fusion ) .
Isca Greenfield - Sanders ( born 1978 ) is an American figurative painter based in New York City .
Col . Saeed Abdi Farah ( Somali : Saciid Cabdi Farax , Arabic : سعيد عبدي فرح‎ ) is a Somali politician .
Georgi Djulgerov ( Bulgarian : Георги Дюлгеров ) is an award - winning Bulgarian film director , screenwriter , producer , and professor at the Krastyo Sarafov National Academy for Theatre and Film Arts .
Asa Thomas Hill ( November 29 , 1871 -- March 21 , 1953 ) , generally known as A. T. Hill , was an American businessman and archaeologist .
Fructuós Gelabert ( 1874 - -1955 ) was a Catalan inventor and screenwriter .
Brandon Lee Rudat ( born May 29 , 1980 ) is an American journalist and television anchor .
Jocelyn Alizart ( born February 1 , 1949 in Plaines Wilhems , Mauritius ) is a ballet master , teacher and choreographer .
Gustaf Sobin ( November 15 , 1935 -- July 7 , 2005 ) was a U.S .- born poet and author who spent most of his adult life in France .
Glen E. Friedman ( born March 3 , 1962 ) is an American photographer and artist .
Robert Louis Carr III ( born May 3 , 1985 ) , better known by his stage name Judge Da Boss , is an American rapper born in Phoenix , Arizona .
Clara Louise Zinke ( March 30 , 1909 in Cincinnati -- April 20 , 1978 ) was an outstanding tennis player in the early part of the 20th Century .
Jean Danilovich ( born July 29 , 1946 ) was an American amateur tennis player .
Kyla Cole ( born Martina Jacová , Slovak : ( jatsovaː ) ; November 10 , 1978 ) is a Slovak glamour model , Penthouse Pet and former television presenter .
Ramona Cecilia Datuin Muñoz ( born January 12 , 1989 ) , better known by her screen name Arci Muñoz , is a Filipino actress and singer .
Monsignor Lorenzo Albacete ( January 7 , 1941 -- October 24 , 2014 ) was an American theologian , Roman Catholic priest , scientist and author .
Annie Wells ( born March 24 , 1954 ) is an American photographer , winner of a Pulitzer Prize .
Selected Poems of César Vallejo with New Translations and Notes ( Edited , Translated and with an Introduction by Gerard Malanga ; also includes original and translated correspondence between the translator and Vallejo 's widow Georgette de Vallejo ) Three Rooms Press .
George H. Streeton , AIA , ( b. 1864 ) was an American architect who worked in New York during the first half of the twentieth century , primarily for Roman Catholic clients .
Linda King is a poet , playwright , and artist working in painting and sculpture who was immortalized in the poetry and prose of her former love Charles Bukowski .
Roger of Hereford ( sometimes Rogerus Herefordensis or Roger Infans or Roger Puer ; flourished 1176 - -1198 ) was a medieval astronomer active at Hereford in the period 1178 to 1198 .
Levon Lagvilava is a Russian mixed martial artist who competed in the Heavyweight division .
Guila Bustabo ( February 25 , 1916 -- April 27 , 2002 ) was a prominent American concert and recital violinist .
Foy Willing ( May 14 , 1914 -- July 14 , 1978 ) was a singer , songwriter , musician , and bandleader who performed Western music and appeared in Western movies .
John Buffalo Mailer ( born April 16 , 1978 ) is an American author , playwright , actor , producer , and journalist .
Hugh Shrapnel ( born Birmingham , England , 1947 ) is an English composer of contemporary classical music and oboist .
The Olot school was institutionalized by painter Josep Berga i Boix , who served as director of the Olot Artistic and Cultural Center ( Centre Artístic - Cultural d'Olot ) ( founded by Vayreda ) in 1869 and later as director of the Public School of Drawing ( Escola Pública de Dibuix ) from 1877 - 1914 .
Don Messer 's Jubilee was also notable in that the half - hour television show had a regular guest performer time slot , giving rise to many important Canadian folk singers through their national exposure , including Stompin ' Tom Connors and Catherine McKinnon , and fiddler Graham Townsend among many others .
Charles E. Laughton ( June 4 , 1846 -- March 16 , 1895 ) was an American politician and attorney from Washington and Nevada .
George Franklin Barber ( July 31 , 1854 -- February 17 , 1915 ) was an American architect best known for his residential designs , which he marketed worldwide through a series of mail - order catalogs .
André da Silva Gomes ( 1752 - -1844 ) was a Portuguese - born Brazilian composer from Porto .
Arthur Krystal is an American essayist , editor , and screenwriter .
Derek Ridgers ( born 20 October 1952 ) , is an English photographer with a career spanning over thirty years .
Willy Reiber ( 1895 - -1980 ) was a German film director , producer and set designer .
Savio Barnes ( Hindi : सवियो बार्न्स ) is a popular Bollywood Dance choreographer , actor and dancer .
Yang Shu ( simplified Chinese : 杨述 ; traditional Chinese : 楊述 ) ( born September 23 , 1963 ) is a Chinese cinematographer , based in Beijing .
Van Dyke Parks ( born January 3 , 1943 ) is an American composer , arranger , record producer , instrumentalist , singer - songwriter , author , and actor .
Rick Jay Glen ( born October 13 , 1981 ) is an American actor , voice actor , singer , songwriter , and screenwriter .
Peter Nicolai Arbo ( June 18 , 1831 -- October 14 , 1892 ) was a Norwegian historical painter , who specialized in painting motifs from Norwegian history and images from Norse mythology .
Malerie Marder ( Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American photographer and artist who lives and works in Los Angeles , California .
Reynelm 's origins are unknown , but Gundulf of Rochester , the Bishop of Rochester , may have been his patron , as a letter of 1101 implies that Gundulf ordained him a priest .
Ruthe Blalock Jones ( born 1939 ) is a Delaware - Shawnee - Peoria painter and printmaker from Oklahoma .
James Caruthers Rhea Ewing , KCIE ( 1854 -- 1925 ) was a prominent American Presbyterian missionary , academic , theologian , and author .
Giuseppe Pettazzi was an Italian Art Deco and Futurist architect of the 1930s .
Gary Mark Smith ( born April 27 , 1956 ) is an American street photographer .
Rima Fakih ( Arabic : ريما فقيه‎ ) ( born September 22 , 1985 ) is a Lebanese - American actress , model , wrestler and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss USA 2010 .
Candy Chen ( 陳斯亞 born January 3 , 1993 ) is a dancer , actress , host , singer , and a model .
Don Crabtree ( June 8 , 1912 -- November 16 , 1980 ) was a flintknapper and pioneering experimental archaeologist .
Alberto Bona ( born November 7 , 1978 ) is an Italian actor , playwright and film director .
Heinrich Hogrebe was a notable forester who helped to create the Arboretum Burgholz .
Caroline Lind ( born October 11 , 1982 ) is an American rower , and is a two - time Olympic gold medalist .
Beth Leavel ( born November 1 , 1955 ) is an American stage and screen actress and singer .
Grace Levy ( born 14 December 1989 ) is a British actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned as Miss Universe Great Britain 2014 and represented the country at Miss Universe 2014 pageant .
Gary Colson ( April 30 , 1934 -- ) is an American basketball coach .
Aviva Rahmani is an Ecological artist whose public and ecological art projects have involved collaborative interdisciplinary community teams with scientists , planners , environmentalists and other artists .
Mehran Ghassemi ( Persian : مهران قاسمی‎‎ ) ( April 8 , 1977 -- January 9 , 2008 ) was an Iranian journalist .
Martin Stern , Jr. ( April 9 , 1917 - July 28 , 2001 ) was an American architect who was most widely known for his large scale designs and structures in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Frank Klepacki ( born May 25 , 1974 ) is an American musician , video game music composer and sound director best known for his work on the Command & Conquer series .
Matthias Kuntzsch is a German - born conductor living in the United States .
Richie Londres , ( born in London , England ) is an English record producer and guitarist .
Ioane - Zosime ( Georgian : იოანე-ზოსიმე ) , also known as John Zosimos and John Zosimus , was the 10th - century Georgian Christian monk , religious writer , and calligrapher known for his liturgical compilations and the hymns dedicated to the Georgian language .
Natallia Solohub , sometimes spelt Sologub ( see Ge or He ) ( Belarusian : Наталля Салагуб ; born March 31 , 1975 ) , is a Belarusian sprinter .
Fred Kaps ( official name Abraham Pieter Adrianus Bongers ) ( June 8 , 1926 -- July 22 , 1980 ) was a Dutch magician , famous for being the only magician to become FISM Grand Prix world champion three times .
Edward Pritchett ( fl . 1828 -- 1864 ) was a nineteenth - century English painter and man of mystery .
Jeronimo Bassano was an Italian musician who is noteworthy for having been head of a family of musicians --
Bill Cody , Jr. ( April 18 , 1925 -- August 11 , 1989 ) was an American motion picture child actor .
Anna Skoda was a Bohemian luger who competed in the early 1910s .
Viorel Hrebenciuc ( Romanian pronunciation : ( vi.oˈrel hrebenˈt͡ʃjuk ) ; born August 7 , 1953 ) is a Romanian statistician and politician .
Charles D. McAtee ( July 8 , 1928 -- April 8 , 2005 ) was a Marine Corps officer , FBI agent , director of Kansas prisons , attorney , and Republican candidate for both Congress and Kansas Attorney General .
Paul R. Norby ( May 16 , 1913 -- October 3 , 2015 ) was a retired rear admiral in the United States Naval Reserve .
Rio Preisner ( November 13 , 1925 -- August 2 , 2007 ) was a Czech poet , philosopher , translator , and scholar of Czech and German literature .
Đỗ Nhuận ( December 10 , 1922 in Hải Dương -- May 18 , 1991 in Hanoi ) was a Vietnamese classical composer .
Clifford Earl ( 29 August 1933 -- 30 July 2015 ) was an English actor who has appeared in numerous television programmes and films .
Veronique Chevalier ( born Berenice Chloe Sztuczka ) is an award - winning American mistress of ceremonies , singer - songwriter , music producer , comedienne and parodist popular in the steampunk community .
Johannes Franz Hartmann ( January 11 , 1865 -- September 13 , 1936 ) was a German physicist and astronomer .
Dr. Ewan Campbell is a Scottish archaeologist and author , who serves as the senior lecturer of archaeology at the University of Glasgow .
Agnieszka Karpiesiuk ( born April 17 , 1982 in Ostróda ) is a Polish athlete , a sprinter , who also competes in the 400 metres hurdles .
Tyson Jerry ( born October 23 , 1983 ) is a Canadian Guinness World Record holder , speaker , and photographer living in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Katherine Arnoldi ( born 1951 in Canton , Ohio ) is an American writer and graphic novelist .
Jules Engel ( March 11 , 1909 -- September 6 , 2003 ) was an American filmmaker , painter , sculptor , graphic artist , set designer , animator , film director , and teacher .
Mário Crespo ( born April 13 , 1947 ) is a Portuguese journalist and reporter .
Steve Rabin is an American software engineer , college instructor , and editor / author who specializes in the field of video game artificial intelligence .
Oscar Auerbach ( January 1 , 1905 -- January 15 , 1997 ) was an American pathologist and medical educator who significantly helped tie cigarette smoking to cancer .
Chen Kuei - miao ( Chinese : 陳癸淼 ; pinyin : Chén Guǐmiǎo ; July 1 , 1934 -- August 15 , 2014 ) was a Taiwanese politician who co - founded the New Party , a small pro - China political party , in 1993 .
General Christos Manolas ( Greek : Χρίστος Μανωλάς ; born February 19 , 1959 ) is a Greek retired Hellenic Army officer and the former Chief of the Hellenic Army General Staff ( 24 February 2014 -- 25 February 2015 ) .
Ezel Akay ( born 1961 ) is a Turkish film actor , film director and film producer .
Holger Thiele ( September 25 , 1878 -- June 5 , 1946 ) was a Danish American astronomer .
William Adyes or Addis ( by 1520 - 58/59 ) , of Worcester , was an English politician .
Darren Breslin is an Irish traditional musician .
Joseph Fogerty , CE , FRIBA , was an Irish civil engineer , architect , and novelist active in mid - to - late - nineteenth - century Limerick , London , and Vienna .
Erica Grow ( born c. 1980 ) is an American meteorologist and television reporter .
John Asher Dunn is an American linguist who created the first academic dictionary and grammar of the Tsimshian language , an American Indian language of northwestern British Columbia and southeast Alaska .
Lennie Bluett ( January 21 , 1919 -- January 1 , 2016 ) was an American film actor , pianist , dancer and singer .
Christian Gregor ( January 1 , 1723 - November 6 , 1801 ) was a Moravian composer and bishop .
Mike Murley is a Canadian jazz musician in Toronto , Ontario who was a member of the celebrated jazz ensemble The Shuffle Demons .
Slamet Gundono ( June 19 , 1966 -- January 5 , 2014 ) was an Indonesian modern puppeteer in wayang and artist .
Logan McGuinness ( born September 4 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional boxer in the Super Featherweight class .
Bruce Curry ( born March 29 , 1956 , in Marlin , Texas ) , is a former professional boxer .
Malcolm Atterbury ( February 20 , 1907 -- August 16 , 1992 ) was an American stage , film , and television actor , and vaudevillian .
Claude Charron ( born October 22 , 1946 in L'Île - Bizard , Quebec ) is a former CEGEP teacher , provincial politician , writer and broadcaster .
Howard B. Myers ( February 13 , 1901 - March 9 , 1956 ) was an American statistician and economist who held executive posts with several agencies during the New Deal .
Philip L. Quinn ( June 22 , 1940 -- November 13 , 2004 ) was a philosopher and theologian .
Philip Van Doren Stern ( September 10 , 1900 in Wyalusing , Pennsylvania -- July 31 , 1984 ) was an American author , editor , and Civil War historian whose story `` The Greatest Gift '' , published in 1943 , inspired the classic Christmas film It 's a Wonderful Life ( 1946 ) .
Kelly Dorji ( born 4 January ) is a Bhutanese actor and model based in Mumbai , India .
Marie Paris Pişmiş de Recilas ( January 30 , 1911 -- August 1 , 1999 ) was an Armenian - Mexican astronomer .
George Washington Steele ( December 13 , 1839 -- July 12 , 1922 ) was an American lawyer , soldier , and politician who twice served as a Congressman for Indiana , from 1881 to 1889 and again from 1895 to 1903 .
Nushiravan Keihanizadeh ( born January 21 , 1937 ) is an Iranian journalist and historian who has been living in the United States since 1977 .
Anthony Benin is a Ghanaian judge and is one of the justices of the Supreme Court of Ghana .
Belinda Montgomery ( born July 23 , 1950 ) is a Canadian - American actress , writer , and painter .
Aditya Om ( born 5 October 1980 ) is an Indian film actor , writer , lyricist , director and producer and well known star in Telugu movies .
Holly Randall ( born September 5 , 1978 ) is an American erotic photographer .
Kathleen Bryson is a novelist , painter , actress and filmmaker .
Joshua Mowll is a British writer of children 's fiction .
Arius Didymus ( Greek : Ἄρειος Δίδυμος Areios Didymos ; fl . 1st century BC ) of Alexandria , was a Stoic philosopher and teacher of Augustus .
Jim Widmayer ( born August 23 , 1969 ) is an American darts player currently playing in British Darts Organisation events .
Gwenyfred Bush , better known as Gwen Bush , is an American politician from South Carolina , a member of the Republican Party .
Dinny Falvey was a Gaelic football player from Annascaul in Co Kerry .
Broughton was born in Hackney , London , England , as Jessie Broughton Black , the daughter of Broughton Black , an actor who had performed with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Antonio Sinchi Roca Inka ( 17th century ) , was a Quechua painter from Peru and part of the Cuzco School .
Abbey Simon ( born January 8 , 1922 ) is an American concert pianist , teacher , and recording artist .
Eric J. Perrodin ( born February 26 , 1959 ) is an American politician who served as Mayor of Compton , California from 2001 - -2013 .
Andy Lamb ( September 7 , 1973 ) is an American Republican politician from Wisconsin .
Bruce Cale ( born 17 February 1939 , Leura ) is an Australian jazz double - bassist and composer .
Edward Parenti ( born June 26 , 1971 ) is a Canadian former competitive swimmer who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events .
Palma Nicolina Ravallo , better known as Estela Raval , was one of the first Argentine singer of pop latino back to the 1950s .
Kirby Grant ( November 24 , 1911 - October 30 , 1985 ) , born Kirby Grant Hoon , Jr. , was a long - time B movie and television actor , mostly remembered for having played the title role in the Western - themed adventure television series Sky King .
Heinz Prechter ( January 19 , 1942 -- July 6 , 2001 ) a German born entrepreneur who founded the American Sunroof Company ( ASC ) was a quintessential entrepreneur , legendary visionary , community leader and philanthropist .
Adyar K. Lakshman ( December 16 , 1933 -- August 19 , 2014 ) was a noted Indian Bharatnatyam dancer , choreographer and guru .
Rauni Magga Lukkari is a Sámi poet and translator .
Harry Markland Molson ( August 9 , 1856 -- April 15 , 1912 ) was a Canadian politician and entrepreneur .
Dremiel Byers ( born September 11 , 1974 ) is an amateur wrestler in the Greco - Roman discipline from the United States , most notable for being the most decorated American Greco Roman Wrestler ever .
Mohammad Estiyak Rai ( Nepali : मोहम्मद इस्तियक राइ ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Madhesi Janadhikar Forum .
Ashley Ballard is a R&B singer who was signed to Atlantic Records in the 2000s ( decade ) .
Wenzel Bürger was an architect who lived and worked in Chemnitz , Saxony from 1893 and who made a major contribution to the architectural heritage of the city .
Alexander Rosenberg ( born 1946 ) is an American philosopher , and the R. Taylor Cole Professor of Philosophy at Duke University .
American inspirational writer Orison Swett Marden was inspired by Samuel Smiles as a result of having read Self - Help during his youth .
Maradona Rebello ( born 31 May 1986 ) is an Indian actor who works in the Bollywood film industry .
Joe Pack ( born April 10 , 1978 ) is an American freestyle skier and Olympic medalist .
Evan Flatow , M.D. , is President of Mount Sinai West ( formerly Mount Sinai Roosevelt ) , part of the Mount Sinai Health System , and an internationally recognized American orthopaedic surgeon .
Sotirios Hatzigakis ( Greek : Σωτήριος Χατζηγάκης ; born 10 October 1945 ) is a Greek conservative politician .
Solomon Nikritin ( Ukrainian : Соломон Борисовiч Нiкрiтiн , 1898 - -1965 ) was a Ukrainian painter , avant - garde artist ( Neo - Primitivist , Constructivist ) , graphic artist , designer , and author .
Walter Plinge is a pseudonym , traditionally used in London theatres when a part has not been cast , an actor is playing two parts , or an actor does not want his or her name in the programme .
Curtis Roads ( born May 9 , 1951 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is a composer , author and computer programmer .
She has her own band , `` The Alison Hinds Show '' , formed in 2005 , with Hinds the main singer and most of the other members of the band young dancers and musicians .
Isaiah Blood ( February 13 , 1810 Ballston , Saratoga County , New York -- November 29 , 1870 ) was an American farmer , manufactuter and politician from New York .
Julian Waterfall Pollack ( born June 28 , 1988 ) is an American pianist , composer , songwriter and producer associated with jazz , classical , and pop music .
Gregory Lucas Malek - Jones ( born May 12 , 1990 ) known professionally as Gregori Lukas is an American recording artist , singer , songwriter , dancer and actor .
Adam Mada is an Australian magician , entertainer , showman , director , producer MC , speaker and magic coach .
Victor Reppert ( born 1953 ) is an American philosopher best known for his development of the `` argument from reason '' .
Kieran Goss is an Irish contemporary singer - songwriter .
Mary Bergin ( born 13 September 1949 ) is an Irish folk musician who is widely acknowledged as one of the great masters of the tin whistle .
Barbara Johnstone is a Professor of Rhetoric and Linguistics at Carnegie Mellon University .
Christian Donninger , also known as `` Chrilly '' , is the main programmer of the chess computer Hydra , which is 2005 one of the strongest chess computers in the world .
Andrew Lamar Alexander , Jr. ( born July 3 , 1940 ) is an American politician and the senior United States senator from Tennessee having served since 2003 .
Kenneth Jon Barwise ( /ˈbɑːrwaɪz/ ; June 29 , 1942 -- March 5 , 2000 ) was an American mathematician , philosopher and logician who proposed some fundamental revisions to the way that logic is understood and used .
Tynes Hildebrand is a former American basketball coach and athletic director .
Mohamed El - Sawy is an Egyptian engineer , cultural entrepreneur and politician .
Natalya Radina is a Belarusian journalist and the editor - in - chief of the independent news site Charter 97 , which publishes many articles critical of President Aleksandr Lukashenko 's rule .
Alec Foege is an American author and magazine journalist .
Samuel Dixon is an Australian record producer , songwriter and musician , based in London .
Gislaine Fernandes de Sousa Leme ( born 22 May 1986 ) , best known as Júlia Paes , is a Brazilian model , singer and former adult actress .
Bronwen Webster ( born Bronwen Saunders ; August 2 , 1978 ) is a Canadian curler from Alberta .
Curtis Hooks Brogden ( November 6 , 1816 -- January 5 , 1901 ) was a yeoman farmer and politician , and the 42nd Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1874 to 1877 during the Reconstruction era .
Ray Bolger ( born Raymond Wallace Bulcao ; January 10 , 1904 -- January 15 , 1987 ) was an American entertainer of vaudeville , stage ( particularly musical theatre ) and actor , singer and dancer best known for his portrayal of the Scarecrow in The Wizard of Oz .
Francesco de Tatti ( also known as Francesco de'Tatti ) was an Italian painter known for a few handfuls of works .
Sanjiv Jaiswal is an Indian film director and producer who predominantly works in Hindi films . His prominent film is Shudra :
János Zatykó ( born February 12 , 1948 ) is a Hungarian agrarian engineer and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Komárom ( Komárom - Esztergom County Constituency IV ) from 1994 to 2010 .
Itabari Njeri is an American journalist , novelist , and memoirist .
Kevin K. Lehmann ( born September 7 , 1955 , in Newark , New Jersey ) is an American chemist and spectroscopist at the University of Virginia , best known for his work in the area of intramolecular and collisional dynamics , and for his advances in the method of cavity ring down spectroscopy ( CRDS ) .
Oscar Núñez ( 1929 -- February 9 , 2012 ) was an Argentine actor known for his work in film and theater .
Ben - Ami Finkelstein ( born in 1910 ) was a psychiatrist .
Michael Diamond Resnick ( born March 5 , 1942 ) is an American science fiction writer under the name Mike Resnick .
Helen Joyce McKee ( October 29 , 1933 in Asquith , Saskatchewan -- December 28 or 29 , 1999 in Saskatoon ) was a Canadian curler from Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .
Susie Mathis ( born Susan Mathis , 29 April 1947 , South London ) is a former singer , actress and radio presenter who , in later years , became a fundraiser for Francis House Children 's Hospice , and many other charities in North West England .
David McMullen is an Australian socialist economist who contends that global economic development in the 21st century will provide the necessary material basis for a classless post - capitalist society .
Bahman Motamedian ( Persian : بهمن معتمدیان‎ ; born 2 July ) is an Iranian film maker , photographer , writer and script writer .
Gina Thompson ( born Lugenia Thompson in Vineland , New Jersey , USA ) is an American R&B singer .
Dr. John A. Galloway ( born December 8 , 1928 ) is an endocrinologist who has made major contributions to the study and treatment of diabetes .
Alick Handford ( 3 May 1869 -- 15 October 1935 ) was an English cricketer whose first - class career spanned from 1892 to 1915 , and included matches for American , English , and New Zealand teams .
Roderick Melnik is a Canadian - Australian mathematician and scientist , internationally known for his research in applied mathematics , numerical analysis , and mathematical modeling for scientific and engineering applications .
Robert A. Burton is an American physician , novelist , nonfiction author and columnist .
Count Luigi Vannutelli Rey was an Italian diplomat .
Sheikh Mohammed Ridha Al - Shabibi ( Arabic : الشيخ محمد رضا الشبيبي‎ ) was an Iraqi national figure , statesman , poet and educator .
Jacob Brackman ( born 1943 ) is an American journalist , writer , and musical lyricist .
Joe Girling is a British racing driver who competed in the British Touring Car Championship in 2013 for Tech - Speed Motorsport , under the M247 Racing banner .
András Simor ( born May 17 , 1954 ) is a Hungarian economist , who served as governor of the Hungarian National Bank ( MNB ) from 2007 to 2013 .
Dorothy Bar - Adon ( August 2 , 1907-August 7 , 1950 ) was an American - born Israeli journalist .
Thomas Middelhoff ( born May 11 , 1953 ) is a German corporate manager .
Roy Inman OBE was a British judoka and coach and author .
Jorge Masvidal ( born November 12 , 1984 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC 's lightweight division .
Imelda Martínez Gómez ( born July 16 , 1982 in Monterrey , Nuevo León ) is a Mexican swimmer , who specialized in open water marathon .
Edward Sapir ( /səˈpɪər/ ; 1884 - -1939 ) was an American anthropologist - linguist , who is widely considered to be one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics .
Ralph Bruce Fitch , is a Canadian politician , the Leader of the Opposition of New Brunswick and Interim Leader of the New Brunswick Progressive Conservatives .
Sidney Salkow ( June 16 , 1911 -- October 18 , 2000 ) was an American film director ( more than 50 motion pictures ) , screenwriter , and television director .
Maria Menounos ( born June 8 , 1978 ) is an American actress , journalist , television host and occasional professional wrestler of Greek descent .
Adam Peltzman is an American writer , actor , and producer .
Olly Kohn ( born 19 March 1981 in Bristol ) is a Wales international rugby union player for Harlequins having previously played for Bristol and Plymouth Albion .
Scott DeLancey ( born 1949 ) is an American linguist ( University of Oregon ) .
Fahad Shah ( Arabic : فهد شاه ) is a Kashmiri journalist and writer .
Lady May ( born Rhonda Robinson ) is an American rapper from Long Island , New York 's suburbs .
Kenny Woods ( born October 22 , 1969 , in Los Angeles ) is an American composer , producer , and musician .
Shan Wells is a North American sculptor and political illustrator .
William Harrigan ( March 27 , 1894 -- February 1 , 1966 ) was an American actor who played standard roles in Hollywood during the thirties and forties .
Paul Kilgus ( born February 2 , 1962 in Bowling Green , Kentucky ) , is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1987 to 1991 and 1993 .
Richard Bromfield , Ph.D. , is a psychologist on the faculty of Harvard Medical School who specializes in the therapy and upbringing of children and adolescents .
Shlomo Nosson Kotler ( Hebrew : שלמה קוטלר‎ ; 1856 -- c. 1920 ) was an orthodox rabbi and Rosh yeshiva , Talmudic scholar , Torah author and Posek ( Halachic decisor ) .
Saint Grigol Peradze ( Georgian : გრიგოლ ფერაძე ) ( St. Priest Martyr Grigol ) , ( September 13 , 1899 - December 6 , 1942 ) was a famous Georgian ecclesiastic figure , theologian , historian , Archimandrite , PhD of History , Professor .
Jake Hartford ( born Jim Edwards , December 1 , 1949 -- January 12 , 2013 ) , was a talk radio host who anchored the 9 - 11 a.m. slot on 89 WLS with Chicago Tribune columnist John Kass .
Tommy Henriksen ( born February 21 , 1966 ) is an American musician from Port Jefferson , New York best known for his work as a singer / songwriter / artist with Alice Cooper and German band Warlock , as well as punk rockers P.O.L. , and his work as a solo artist .
Robert Dauber ( 1922 - -1945 ) was a German composer , pianist and cellist .
In 1979 the Kempler Institute were founded by the American psychiatrist and family therapist Walter Kempler MD in collaboration with child psychiatrist Morgens A. Lund , Proff .
Granville Redmond ( March 9 , 1871 -- May 24 , 1935 ) was an American landscape painter and exponent of Tonalism and California Impressionism .
Arnold Orville Beckman ( April 10 , 1900 -- May 18 , 2004 ) was an American chemist , inventor , investor , and philanthropist .
Andrew Tobias ( born April 20 , 1947 ) is an American journalist , author , and columnist .
Lualhati Bautista 's venture as screenwriter produced several critically acclaimed works .
Pal Molnar ( born October 1952 ) is a Hungarian journalist and founder of art awards .
Françoise Brochard - Wyart is a French theoretical physicist .
Daniel Boone ( November 2 , 1734 ( O.S. October 22 ) -- September 26 , 1820 ) was an American pioneer , explorer , woodsman , and frontiersman , whose frontier exploits made him one of the first folk heroes of the United States .
Emi Maria , stylized as EMI MARIA , ( born June 9 , 1987 ) is a Japanese Papua New Guinean R&B singer - songwriter .
Aleksander Mikic is a Bosnian actor , sometimes credited as Aleksandar Mikik .
The Marquis of Tabernuiga was a Spanish aristocrat and diplomat of the 18th century who spent many years in exile and ended up in the service of the Kingdom of Great Britain .
Albert Lee Stephens Jr. ( February 19 , 1913 -- September 6 , 2001 ) was a United States federal judge , President John F. Kennedy 's first appointee to the federal court .
Yaron Margolin ( born June 5 , 1954 ) ( Hebrew : ירון מרגולין ) is an Israeli dancer and choreographer .
Steve Baughman `` Steve B '' is a Grammy Award Winning music producer / engineer / mixer .
Herman Hebler ( September 23 , 1911 -- August 21 , 2007 ) was a Norwegian printer ) and graphic artist who lived in Fredrikstad .
Paz Juana Plácida Adela Rafaela Zamudio Rivero , or more popularly known as Adela Zamudio ( 1854 - -1928 ) was a Bolivian poet , feminist , and educator .
Jonathan Smeeton is a British lighting designer who has also worked under the name of Liquid Len .
Raymond Kelley is an American cellist , who played in a Hollywood session musician group from 1959 , later named the Abnuceals Emuukha Electric Symphony Orchestra by Frank Zappa in 1967 .
Nikil Saval is an American writer , editor and journalist .
Peter Mochrie ( born 23 March 1959 ) , is an Australian actor whose career spans over thirty five years in the industry .
Eli Metcalfe Bruce ( February 22 , 1828 -- December 15 , 1866 ) was a philanthropist and a Representative from Kentucky in the First and Second Confederate Congresses .
Alexander Tsiaras is an American photographer , painter , and journalist who made 120 covers for various magazines and was a founder of TheVisualMD .
Otar Patsatsia ( Georgian : ოთარ ფაცაცია ) ( born May 15 , 1929 ) is a Georgian politician who served as the country 's Prime Minister from August 20 , 1993 to October 5 , 1995 .
Sudheendra Kulkarni is an Indian politician and columnist and head of Observer Research Foundation .
Wayne Harley Brachman is a pastry chef who worked in The Firebird restaurant .
Mark Malkoff is an American comedian , writer , and filmmaker who formerly worked for Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report .
Roxanne Lowit is a New York - based fashion and celebrity photographer who is said to have `` become as much a celebrity as those she photographed . ''
Tony Kettle is a British architect best known for designing the Falkirk Wheel in Scotland and Lakhta Centre , Gazprom Headquarters in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Min Ryoung ( Hangul : 민룡 ; hanja : 閔龍 ; RR : Min Ryong ; born July 14 , 1982 in Daegu ) is a retired South Korean short track speed skater .
CeCe Rogers , born Kenneth Jesse Rogers III , is an American singer , musician , multi - instrumentalist , and record producer from Cleveland , Ohio .
Anastas Kondo ( 1937 - 2006 ) was an Albanian writer , screenwriter , and micropaleontologist .
Suzee Ikeda is an American singer who was the first Asian - American solo artist at Motown .
Keni Dakuidreketi is a former Fijian politician , who served as Minister for Youth , Employment Opportunities , and Minister for Sport in the interim Cabinet formed by Laisenia Qarase in the wake of the Fiji coup of 2000 .
Dave Bickler ( born March 31 , 1953 ) is an American vocalist , best known as the lead singer for the rock band Survivor from 1978 - -1983 .
Michael Yebba ( born August 5 , 1974 ) is an American actor , screenwriter and producer .
George Clymer ( March 16 , 1739 -- January 23 , 1813 ) was an American politician and founding father .
Clyde Stubblefield ( born April 18 , 1943 in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) is a drummer best known for his work with James Brown .
Mills Gardner ( January 30 , 1830 -- February 20 , 1910 ) was an attorney , politician and member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio .
Indrajit Hazra is an Indian journalist and novelists best known for his book The Bioscope Man which has been published in India and France .
Vikas Manaktala ( born 10 February 1981 ) is an Indian actor working in Indian television industry .
Raymond Aker ( March 10 , 1920 -- January 4 , 2003 ) was a U.S. historian who was noted as an authority on the voyages of Francis Drake in the late 16th century .
J. Abbott Miller or Abbott Miller ( born 1962 ) is an American graphic designer and writer , and a partner at Pentagram , which he joined in 1999 .
Mike Tredgett ( born 1949 ) is a former English badminton player who specialized in doubles and played at the world level for more than a decade , winning numerous international men 's doubles and mixed doubles titles .
Maya Azucena is an American singer - songwriter and cultural ambassador from Brooklyn , NY .
Maks Kraczkowski ( born March 9 , 1979 in Warsaw ) is a Polish politician and entrepreneur .
Aghvan Grigoryan ( Armenian : Աղվան Գրիգորյան , born February 11 , 1969 in Leninakan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian retired weightlifter .
Philippe Tatartcheff ( born in Geneva , Switzerland ) is a Canadian poet and songwriter .
Hans Hagnell ( December 15 , 1919 - June 18 , 2006 ) was a Swedish Social Democratic politician , governor and economist .
Carole Facal , is a Canadian singer - songwriter from Quebec .
Kiba Lumberg , real name Kirsti Leila Annikki Lumberg ( born May 27 , 1956 ) , is a Finnish artist and author of Finnish Kale descent .
Massimo Taccon ( born May 19 , 1967 ) is an Italian painter , sculptor and writer who , during his ' Ismahel period ' ( 1997 - -2002 ) , signed his artworks with the pseudonym ISMAHEL .
Manuel Rodríguez Gómez ( July 4 , 1928 -- January 21 , 2006 ) was an American neurologist most noted for his work on tuberous sclerosis , a rare genetic disorder .
Valērijs Buhvalovs or Valery Bukhvalov ( Russian : Валерий Алексеевич Бухвалов ; born July 9 , 1957 in Rezekne ) is a Latvian politician and pedagogue , member of 9th Saeima from ForHRUL .
David Berkman ( born December 28 , 1958 ) is an American jazz pianist , composer , arranger and educator .
Aaron Doering ( born 1971 in Good Thunder , Minnesota ) is an American educator , explorer , author , public speaker , and adventure learning pioneer .
Justin Lassen , born August 27 , 1981 , in Denver , Colorado , is a composer , producer , multi - instrumentalist and remixer who has worked in the film and video game industries , among others .
Lycophron ( /ˈlaɪkəfrɒn/ ; Greek : Λυκόφρων ὁ Χαλκιδεύς ) was a Hellenistic Greek tragic poet , grammarian , and commentator on comedy , to whom the poem Alexandra is attributed ( perhaps falsely ) .
Sausan Machari is an Indonesian - born singer and actor of mixed Indonesian and Arabic descent who started her career as a model at the age of 16 .
Arthur Leipzig ( October 25 , 1918 -- December 5 , 2014 ) was an American photographer who specialized in street photography and was known for his photographs of New York City .
Lorin Dreyfuss ( sometimes known as Loryn Dreyfuss ) is an American actor , film producer , and screenplay writer , born in New York City on December 4 , 1944 .
John Gibbs Gilbert ( February 27 , 1810 -- June 17 , 1889 ) was an American stage actor whose real name was Gibbs .
Elizabeth Cellier ( commonly known as Mrs. Cellier and dubbed the `` Popish Midwife '' ) , flourished 1668 - -1688 , London , England , was a notable Catholic midwife in seventeenth - century England .
Neal Blair ( born Stockton , California ) is a lobbyist , political campaign advisor , campaign consultant and campaign fundraiser .
John Henry Manley ( July 21 , 1907 -- June 11 , 1990 ) was an American physicist who worked with J. Robert Oppenheimer at the University of California , Berkeley before becoming a group leader during the Manhattan Project .
Elizabeth J. Braswell ( known as Liz Braswell ) is an English - born American writer of young - adult fiction .
Maxie Berger ( February 23 , 1917 -- August 1 , 2000 ) was a Canadian boxer who fought as a flyweight , junior welterweight , and welterweight from 1935 -- 1946 .
Kyi Phyu Shin ( Burmese : ကြည်ဖြူသျှင် ) is a Burmese film director , At the 2008 National Geographic Society 's All Roads Film Festival , she won the Best Short Award for her documentary A Sketch of Wathone .
Kamchybek Tashiev ( born September 27 , 1968 ) is a Kyrgyzstani politician and current head of the political party Ata - Jurt .
Judge Willis Brown ( July 31 , 1881 -- October 20 , 1931 ) was a juvenile court judge , self - described humanitarian , and filmmaker .
Eilhart von Oberge was a German poet of the late 12th century .
Joyce Kakuramatsi Kikafunda a Ugandan diplomat and academic who has served as High Commissioner of Uganda to the United Kingdom since 2013 .
Patrick Tufts is a computer scientist and inventor .
Joanie Spina ( August 4 , 1953 -- August 17 , 2014 ) was an American dancer , choreographer , magician and director who achieved prominence through her work with the illusionist David Copperfield .
Marie Plourde ( born April 29 , 1966 ) is a French - Canadian journalist and television personality originally from Grand - Mère , Quebec , and now residing in Montreal .
Emma Gillespie ( born in Edinburgh , Scotland ) , better known by her stage name Emma 's Imagination , is a Scottish singer .
David Riordan is a interactive media executive , producer and designer , a documentary television producer and a professional songwriter .
Richard Woitach ( born 1936 ) is an American conductor , pianist , and composer .
Bonnie Hayes is an American singer / songwriter , musician and record producer from San Francisco , California .
Gustav Heinrich Heydenreich ( - , Osnabrück- 18 May 1897 ) was a German entomologist .
Joseph Deiss ( born January 18 , 1946 ) is an economist , Swiss politician and a member of the Christian Democratic People 's Party ( CVP / PDC ) .
Richard Bakalyan ( January 29 , 1931 -- February 27 , 2015 ) was an Armenian American character actor who started his career playing juvenile delinquents in his first several films .
Blake Riley ( born January 28 , 1986 ) is an American former pornographic actor who appeared in gay and bisexual pornographic films and magazines .
Annie Ryan , ( born Dorisanne Willingham , July 7 , 1947 ) is a stage and screen actor , model , singer , and vocal coach .
Frederick Charles Eden ( 8 March 1864 -- 15 July 1944 ) was an English church architect and designer .
Edmund Clarence Stedman ( October 8 , 1833 -- January 18 , 1908 ) was an American poet , critic , essayist , banker , and scientist .
Bikali Kar ( birthname Bikalananda Kar ) is a confectioner from Salepur(28 km from Cuttack towards Kendrapada ) , Odisha and founder of `` Kar & Brother '' for popularizing Rasagola .
Mary Coble is an American feminist artist .
Jacques Kapralik was a Romanian American caricaturist best remembered for his work with MGM in the 1940s .
Balaji Sakthivel is a prominent Tamil film director , best known for directing the 2004 film , Kaadhal .
Francis Hervieu , born in June 13 , 1956 is a French kayaker .
John of Küküllő ( c. 1320 -- 1393 ) was a Hungarian clergyman , royal official and historian .
Wood engraver by George Mackley & Graham L Williams 1984 Florin ISBN 978 - 0 - 90671 - 510 - 9 Wood Engravings with illustrations by George Mackley ASIN B0014LW1T2
Sir John Cunningham McLennan , KBE FRS FRSC ( October 14 , 1867 -- October 9 , 1935 ) was a Canadian physicist .
Blanche Christine Olschak ( 1913 - 1989 ) was an Austrian journalist and writer , Tibetan specialist and wrote the first comprehensive encyclopedia of women in the world .
Walt Dziedzic , is a retired Minneapolis , MN politician .
Matthieu Lahaye ( born 22 November 1984 in Rennes ) is a French racing driver , competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship for OAK Racing .
Paul Thissen ( born December 10 , 1966 ) is a Minnesota politician and the 58th Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives and current DFL Minority Leader .
Dean Edwards ( born July 30 , 1970 ) is an American stand - up comedian , actor , singer , writer , musician and voice artist .
Jack Dunham ( September 19 , 1910 -- March 15 , 2009 ) was an American animator and television producer who worked for Walt Disney Animation Studios and Walter Lantz Productions during his career .
Anne E. Russon is a Canadian psychologist and primatologist .
Tom Bethell ( born July 17 , 1940 ) is a journalist who writes mainly on economic and scientific issues , and is known for his support of the market economy , political conservatism , and fringe science .
As a civil and mechanical engineer Francis Whishaw was a man of sound attainments and great acquirements , of a highly original and suggestive train of mind , fostered by careful study and experiment , and tempered by sound judgment ( .. )
David Starobin ( born September 27 , 1951 , New York City ) is an American classical guitarist , record producer , composer , writer and film maker .
Ri Sang - sim ( Korean : 리상심 ; born October 10 , 1979 in Pyongyang ) is a North Korean judoka who competed in the women 's half - lightweight category .
Sophia Thomson is Australian journalist and television presenter ...
Frants Diderik Bøe ( May 28 , 1820 - November 13 , 1891 ) was a Norwegian painter , who specialized in still life and landscapes .
Zhi Lin is a Chinese 2D artist .
Benny Golson ( born January 25 , 1929 ) is an American bebop / hard bop jazz tenor saxophonist , composer , and arranger .
Rush Walker Taylor , Jr. ( November 3 , 1934 - March 7 , 2010 ) was a U.S. diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Togo .
Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli ( عبدالرضا رحمانی فضلی in Persian ; born 1959 ) is an Iranian politician , government official and interior minister of Hassan Rouhani 's government .
Elisha Litchfield ( July 12 , 1785 Canterbury , Windham County , Connecticut -- August 4 , 1859 Cazenovia , Madison County , New York ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
Abraham Armand was a priest of the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary , a religious institute of the Roman Catholic Church .
Alan M. Kriegsman ( February 28 , 1928 -- August 31 , 2012 ) was an American dance critic who won the 1976 Pulitzer Prize for his work at The Washington Post , the first to win the Pulitzer Prize for Criticism for reporting as a dance critic .
José Tamborini ( February 22 , 1886 - September 25 , 1955 ) was an Argentine physician and historically significant politician .
Subodh Gupta ( born in 1964 ) is an Indian Contemporary artist based in New Delhi .
Jon DeRosa ( born December 21 , 1978 ) is an American musician , guitarist , composer , singer - songwriter , and vocalist .
Robert Alan Eustace is an American computer scientist who served as Senior Vice President of Knowledge at Google .
Jessi Jae Joplin is an American singer , fashion blogger , model , journalist , and stylist .
Ashagre Yigletu is an Ethiopian economist , politician and diplomat .
Tats Faustino is a Filipino musical composer , arranger , producer , musical director , songwriter , singer , multi - instrumentalist , percussionist , and drummer .
Carolyn Connors ( born 1960/1961 ) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer with a vision impairment .
Chang Taek - sang or Jang Taek - sang ( 1893 - -1969 ) was a Korean Independence activist and South Korean policeman and politician .
Woodrow Parfrey ( October 5 , 1922 -- July 29 , 1984 ) was an American film and television actor from the 1950s to the early 1980s .
Larry Keigwin an American choreographer and the artistic director of KEIGWIN + COMPANY .
Noah Matthews ( born 1996 ) is an American actor who has appeared in The Ugly Truth , Sons & Daughters and True Blood .
Luis Bacqué is a platinum sales recording engineer / musician / producer who settled in New York .
Eric J. Schwartz is an American composer specializing in frequently eerie and/or wacky experimental chamber music .
Masami Yokoyama ( 横山雅美 Yokoyama Masami , born December 12 , 1981 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Igtisadchi Baku .
Richard Storrs Willis ( February 10 , 1819 -- May 10 , 1900 ) was an American composer , mainly of hymn music .
Samuel Bacon Hillocks ( February 11 , 1869 -- 1937 ) was a politician , Presbyterian minister and inventor of the Grain Door .
Sidney Edgerton ( August 17 , 1818 -- July 19 , 1900 ) was a politician , lawyer , judge and teacher from Ohio .
Dominic Rains ( born March 1 , 1982 ) is an American actor , best known for his portrayal in independent films such as The Taqwacores ( 2010 ) and A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night ( 2014 ) .
Raúl Prebisch ( April 17 , 1901 -- April 29 , 1986 ) was an Argentine economist known for his contributions to structuralist economics such as the Prebisch--
Claudio Pelissero ( born June 11 , 1968 ) is an Italian music composer and producer of original soundtracks for film and television and , under the pseudonym Claud9 , of electronic music .
Gyai'ra Losang Dainzin ( born c.1953 ) is a Tibetan politician and governor .
David Conte ( b. 1955 ) is the composer of over one hundred works published by E. C. Schirmer ( a division of ECS Publishing ) , including six operas , a musical , works for chorus , solo voice , orchestra , chamber music , organ , piano , guitar , and harp .
Russ Landau is an American composer of film and television scores and themes including seaQuest 2032 , Survivor , Fear Factor , and Pirate Master for which he won an Emmy in 2008 .
Bill Lichtenstein ( born October 3 , 1956 ) is an American print and broadcast journalist and documentary producer , president of the media production company , Lichtenstein Creative Media , Incorporated .
Bronc Peeler was a Western adventure cowboy comic strip created by Fred Harman in 1933 .
Charles Divins ( born January 29 , 1976 ) is an American actor who played the role of Chad Harris - Crane on the television soap opera Passions from 2002 to 2007 , when he decided not to join some of the other cast members when Passions moves from NBC to DirecTV .
Mark S. Davis is an American trial lawyer based in Honolulu .
Hashem Sabbaghian ( Persian : هاشم صباغيان‎ ; born 1937 ) is an Iranian politician , humanitarian , democracy activist and former parliament member .
Harold Courlander ( September 18 , 1908 -- March 15 , 1996 ) was an American novelist , folklorist , and anthropologist , an expert in the study of Haitian life .
Prince Georg of Bavaria ( German : Georg Franz Joseph Luitpold Maria Prinz von Bayern ) ( April 2 , 1880 -- May 31 , 1943 ) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and a Catholic priest .
Sarah Louise Judd ( 1802 - -1886 ) was probably the first commercial photographer in Minnesota .
Seema Mustafa is an Indian print and television journalist .
Catherine Janice Yap de Belen , better known as Janice de Belen ( born November 9 , 1968 ) is a multi - awarded and well known Filipino actress , commercial model and television host who was a GMA Network contract artist .
Leslie Graves 's father , Michael Graves , was a theatre actor and introduced her to the entertainment industry when she was about 10 .
Samuel Penhallow ( July 2 , 1665 -- December 2 , 1726 ) was a Cornish colonist and historian and militia leader in present - day Maine during Queen Anne 's War and Father Rale 's War .
Linda Obermoeller ( March 4 , 1941 - January 1 , 1990 ) was an American painter known for her watercolor portraits .
Johnny Drummer ( born Thessex Johns , March 1 , 1938 ) is an American Chicago blues and soul blues singer , keyboardist , drummer , harmonica player , and songwriter .
Mrs. Zeinab Kamel Ali is a Djiboutian politician and a member of the standing committee for the African Union 's Economic , Social and Cultural Council representing Eastern Africa .
Charles Dye is a Grammy - nominated and Latin Grammy - winning record producer , engineer and mixer from Hollywood , Florida , USA .
Ezatullah Zawab ( or ʻIzzat Allāh Żwāb ) is a journalist from Jalalabad , Nangarhar Province , Afghanistan .
Prof . Davor Džalto ( Давор Џалто : born May 17 , 1980 ) is an artist , art historian , theologian and philosopher of liberal orientation born in Travnik , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Colin Mawby ( born 1936 ) is an English organist , choral conductor and composer .
John Paul Chadwick Floyd , usually credited as Chad Floyd , is an American architect ( born November 11 , 1944 ) and a founding partner of Centerbrook Architects of Essex , Connecticut .
Zulfikar Ghose ( born March 13 , 1935 ) is a novelist , poet and essayist .
Samuel Nuqingaq is a Canadian politician , who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2013 election .
Muhammad Mustafa Jauhar ( Urdu : محمد مصطفٰی جوہر‎ ) ( May 10 , 1895 -- October 24 , 1985 ) was a Pakistani scholar , religious leader , public speaker , poet and philosopher .
William J. Sanders is a vertebrate paleontologist and Research Scientist / Preparator at the University of Michigan .
Nikola Čuturilo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Чутурило ; born July 9 , 1962 ) , also known as Čutura ( Чутура , trans . Water - bottle ) is a Serbian rock musician .
Peter Sutermeister ( May 28 , 1916 -- January 3 , 2003 ) was a Swiss lawyer , writer and opera librettist .
Josune Bereziartu ( born January 19 , 1972 ) is a Basque rock climber .
Ujesh Ranchod ( born May 17 , 1969 in Salisbury - now Harare ) is a former Zimbabwean cricketer who played in one Test and 3 ODIs from 1992 to 1993 .
Piero Ferrucci is a psychotherapist and a philosopher .
Mette Mestad ( born November 19 , 1958 ) is a former Norwegian biathlete and winner of the second overall world cup for women .
Amar Shah ( born October 12 , 1985 ) is a Kenyan former swimmer who specialized in breaststroke , but also competed in the freestyle relays .
Isabel Allende Karam is a Cuban diplomat , ambassador and former translator .
Nathan McGuinness is a visual effects supervisor who has worked on over 65 films since his start in 1998 .
Giovanni Malagoli ( Novellara , Reggio Emilia ) , December 7 , 1856- Velletri , October 11 , 1926 ) was an Italian painter , depicting landscapes , genre , and still lifes of fruits and flowers .
Jarrod Shoemaker ( born July 17 , 1982 ) is a professional triathlete based in Maynard , Massachusetts .
Hans Uszkoreit is a German computational linguist .
Muppalaneni Shiva ( Telugu : ముప్పలనేని శివ ) is a well known film director in Tollywood Movie Industry .
Roxanne Dunbar - Ortiz ( born September 10 , 1939 ) is an American historian , writer and feminist .
Frank P. Bennett ( May 2 , 1853 -- February 8 , 1933 ) was an American journalist , magazine publisher and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives , and as a member of the Everett , Massachusetts Board of Selectmen .
Kevin Chalfant is an American singer - songwriter and a native of Streator , Illinois .
Henry J. Bean ( November 13 , 1853 -- May 8 , 1941 ) was an American politician and judge in Oregon .
Petr Mikhailovich Stefanovskiy ( Russian : Петр Михайлович Стефановский ; January 2 , 1903 -- February 23 , 1976 ) was a Soviet test pilot .
Jill P. Carter ( born June 18 , 1964 ) is an American politician who represents Maryland 's 41st legislative district of Baltimore City in the Maryland House of Delegates .
Andy On ( Chinese : 安志杰 ; pinyin : Ān Zhìjié ; Cantonese Yale : On Chi Kit ) ( born 11 May 1977 ) is a Taiwanese American actor and martial artist .
Louis Lozowick ( December 10 , 1892 -- September 9 , 1973 ) ( ukr : Луї Лозовик ) was an American painter and printmaker .
Mark Mangold is an American pop singer - songwriter and keyboardist best known as a member of the band Touch .
Joseph Henry Collins FGS , ( 1841 - -1916 ) , mining engineer , mineralogist and geologist .
Lou Rodgers is an American opera singer and opera director .
David A. Goodman is an American writer and producer and a graduate of the University of Chicago , where he earned a BA in 1984 .
Jacques Favart ( July 30 , 1920 -- September 27 , 1980 ) was a French sports official and figure skater .
Scarlett Santana ( born Jasmine Mercedes on May 31 , 1988 ) is an American singer , songwriter , rapper , spoken word poet , dancer , and actress of Puerto Rican descent .
Sunny Garcia ( born Vincent Sennen Garcia on January 14 , 1970 in Mā'ili , on the Westside of Oahu , Hawaii ) is a professional surfer .
Tomm Coker , also known as Thomas L. Coker , is an American comic book artist and film director / writer .
Tatiana Mamonova ( born 10 December 19 ? ? ) , also known as Tatyana Mamonova , is a founder of the modern Russian women 's movement , an internationally renowned democratic women 's leader , author , poet , journalist , videographer , artist , editor and public lecturer .
Pedro García Ferrer , the Licentiate , an ecclesiastic and painter of some reputation at Valencia , executed some pictures for the altar of San Vicente Ferrer in the convent of San Domingo , and practised his art at Madrid .
Smangaliso Mkhatshwa ( b. 1939 ) is a Catholic priest who was persecuted by the South African apartheid state .
Dr. Charles Boarman Harris ( November 6 , 1857 -- January 2 , 1942 ) was an American physician and surgeon .
Kiva Maidanik ( in Russian Кива Львович Майданик , or Kiva Livovich Maidanik , January 13 , 1929 - -December 24 , 2006 ) was a Soviet historian and political scientist , a researcher at the Institute of World Economy and International Relations of the Russian Academy of Sciences .
Terry Donnelly is a Canadian journalist working for CBC Radio One 's British Columbia newsroom in Vancouver .
Rosie Trevelyan is a British biologist , and director of the Cambridge office of the Tropical Biology Association .
James Ricardo is an American film director , screenwriter and producer .
Muhammad Shaaban ( born on 13 June 1942 ) is a career Egyptian diplomat and currently serves as the United Nations Under - Secretary - General for General Assembly and Conference Management .
Wendell Thompson Perkins ( February 11 , 1928 -- March 2 , 1997 ) , was an American painter born in Boston who died in St. Augustine , FL .
Mohammad Karim Pirnia ( Persian : محمد کریم پیرنیا‎‎ , 1922/1923 - 1997/1998 ) was a prominent architectural historian and architect .
Peter Salter is a British architect and academic .
Joseph Taggart ( June 15 , 1867 -- December 3 , 1938 ) was a lawyer and a Democrat member of the U.S. House of Representatives , representing the 2nd Congressional District of Kansas from November 7 , 1911 , to March 4 , 1917 .
M. J. Sullivan ( born March 1 , 1960 ) is an author and sports writer living in New York .
Marion Fuller Brown ( May 14 , 1917 -- June 3 , 2011 ) was an American politician and environmental activist .
Nilson Lombardi ( Sorocaba January 3 , 1926 - Sorocaba , April 9 , 2008 ) was a pianist , composer and Brazilian maestro with a vast contribution to the classical music in many countries .
Maria Chavez is an improviser , curator and sound artist from Lima , Peru .
Charles Weidman ( July 22 , 1901 -- July 15 , 1975 ) is a renowned choreographer , modern dancer and teacher .
Bertram Bracken ( August 10 , 1879 -- November 1 , 1952 ) was an American silent screen actor , scenarist and director who worked on at least sixty - five films between 1910 and 1932 .
Dana Nielsen is an American mix engineer , audio engineer , record producer and saxophonist based in Los Angeles .
A. Bruce Goldman is a controversial American rabbi .
Sasha DiGiulian ( born October 23 , 1992 ) is an American rock climber who in 2012 became the first American woman to climb grade 9a ( 5.14d ) .
Dito Tsintsadze ( Georgian : დიტო ცინცაძე ; born 1957 ) is a Georgian film director and screenwriter .
Augustus Jones ( c. 1757 -- November 16 , 1836 ) was an American - born Upper Canadian farmer , land speculator , magistrate , militia captain and surveyor .
Adam Scut ( fl . 1382 - -1401 ) of Exeter , Devon , was an English politician .
Daniele D'Anza ( 1922 - -1984 ) was an Italian director , playwright and screenwriter .
Errol Thompson , better known as The Kemist , is a Jamaican - American Deejay , Producer , recording artist and songwriter .
Sallie Bingham ( born January 22 , 1937 ) is an American author , playwright , poet , teacher , feminist activist , and philanthropist .
Evangelista Schiano ( active 1755 to 1776 - 1777 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of sacred subjects .
Rebecca Sommer is a German artist , journalist , photographer , documentary filmmaker , and a human rights , nature rights and climate justice activist .
Imran Aslam is a journalist and media personality from Pakistan .
Ami Canaan Mann is a British - born American film director , television director and television writer .
Robert L. Richards was a film screenwriter .
Ismail Sillakh ( born February 9 , 1985 in Zaporizhia ) is a Ukrainian professional boxer who has medaled in important international tournaments as an amateur .
Norman Platt Lambert ( January 7 , 1885 -- November 4 , 1965 ) was a Canadian journalist and Senator .
Jeannette Hope is an Australian archaeologist who has worked extensively in Western New South Wales .
Elisa Pérez Rego , better known in music world simply as , Elisa Rego , is a singer , songwriter and radio host .
Gene Makowsky ( born April 17 , 1973 ) is a politician and a retired professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played 17 seasons for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League .
Simón Cano Le Tiec ( born in Málaga ) is a film critic and journalist .
Peter Honess ( born 1946 ) is a British film editor with more than thirty film credits dating from 1973 .
David Drew Zingg ( December 14 , 1923 - July 28 , 2000 ) , was an American photographer and journalist .
Silvia Molina is the daughter of Maria Celis and , Hector Perez Martinez who was also a writer .
Sylvia Sykes is a swing dancer , dance instructor , judge and choreographer .
Rebecca Stead ( born January 16 , 1968 ) is an American writer of fiction for children and teens .
Amira Yahyaoui ( born August 6 , 1984 ) is a Tunisian blogger and political activist .
Donald Baxter MacMillan ( November 10 , 1874 -- September 7 , 1970 ) was an American explorer , sailor , researcher and lecturer who made over 30 expeditions to the Arctic during his 46-year career .
Joel Rosario ( born January 14 , 1985 ) is a Dominican jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing .
Marianne Schröder is a Norwegian model .
Rangaswamy Dhruvanarayana ( known as R. Dhruvanarayana ) is an Indian politician .
Anna Fendi ( born in Rome , 23rd March 1933 ) is an Italian fashion designer and entrepreneur ; along with her sisters Alda , Carla , Franca and Paola she has made the Fendi brand famous across the globe .
Isaia Italeli Taeia ( 1960s -- 19/20 July 2011 ) , more commonly known as Isaia Italeli , was a Tuvaluan politician .
Leonard Haber ( March 21 , 1933 -- May 1 , 2015 ) was an American psychologist , politician , radio show host and Mayor of Miami Beach , Florida ( 1977 - -1979 ) .
Olen Steinhauer ( born June 21 , 1970 ) is an American writer of spy fiction novels , including The Tourist , the Milo Weaver Trilogy , and the Yalta Boulevard Sequence .
Ossie Phillips ( born in Victoria ) was an Australian jockey who was best known for riding Wotan to victory in the 1936 Melbourne Cup .
Jacqueline Vaudecrane ( born 22 November 1913 ) is a former French figure skater who competed in ladies singles .
Aadya Bedi is the niece of famous actor Kabir Bedi .
Lourdes J. Cruz is a biochemist whose research has contributed to the understanding of the biochemistry of toxic peptides from the venom of fish - hunting Conus marine snails .
William Roark Ratliff , known as Bill Ratliff ( born August 16 , 1936 ) , is a Texas politician who served as a member of the Texas State Senate from 1988 to 2004 .
George Bouverie Goddard ( 25 December 1832 in Salisbury -- 6 March 1886 in Hammersmith , London ) , was a British sporting and animal painter and illustrator .
John Benjamin Hickey ( born June 25 , 1963 ) is an American actor with a career in stage , film and television .
Tomas Ganz is an American physician who published numerous of papers about medicine .
Arthur Adel ( 1908 - -1994 ) was an American astronomer and astrophysicist .
Heidi Hartmann is a feminist economist and currently the president and founder of the Washington - based Institute for Women 's Policy Research ( IWPR ) , a research organization created to conduct women - centered , public policy research .
Mohamed Ali Rashwan ( Arabic : محمد علي رشوان‎ , born January 16 , 1956 ) is a retired Egyptian judoka .
Donald O. Clifton ( February 5 , 1924 , in Butte , Nebraska -- September 14 , 2003 ) was an American psychologist .
Josephus mentions Jehoiada as `` high priest in his Jewish Antiquites Book 9 , Chapter 7 , '' `` How Athaliah reigned over Jerusalem for five ( six ) years , when Jehoiada the high priest slew her . ''
Dan Cunneen is a drummer , songwriter , disc jockey , and freelance graphic designer originally from Portland , Oregon , United States .
Paolo Kind was an early Italian ski jumper and sports official .
After completing his undergraduate education , Paul Florian moved to London and worked as a project designer for two years in the office of Sir Robert Matthew Johnson - Marshall and Partners Architects RMJM under the direction of David Lloyd Jones ( architect ) .
Padhraic Mac Giolla Chealla , Irish poet and storyteller , fl .
Stassi Schroeder ( born Nastassia Bianca Schroeder , June 24 , 1988 ) is an American television personality , podcast host for `` Straight Up with Stassi '' , fashion blogger for StylebyStassi.com , and model .
Christian of Stavelot was a ninth - century Christian monk .
Billy Lee Evans ( born November 10 , 1941 ) was an American politician who served in both the Georgia House of Representatives and the U.S. House of Representatives .
Ngô Quang Tùng , known by his stage name Tommy Ngô , is a contemporary Vietnamese singer for Paris By Night .
Bikash Sinha is an Indian physicist , active in the fields of nuclear physics and high energy physics .
Kuppuswamy Nagarajan ( born September 15 , 1930 Sirupalai Village , Tamil Nadu ) is an Indian organic chemist .
Julian Antonisz ( November 8 , 1941 -- January 31 , 1987 ) , born Julian Józef Antoniszczak , was a Polish avant - garde filmmaker , artist , film animator , screenwriter , composer , and inventor .
Marianna Cataldi ( born April 7 , 1978 ) an Italian singer - songwriter and composer .
M. Vaithianathan is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Puducherry Legislative Assembly from the Lawspet constituency .
Chris Grayston is a British music promoter , event organizer , record producer , musician , label owner , and talent scout .
Oh Soo - yeon ( born October 4 , 1968 ) is a South Korean television screenwriter .
Daniel Mandl ( April 20 , 1891 -- March 23 , 1945 ) was a civil engineer , inventor , a student of anthroposophy .
Pierre Vaultier ( born on 24 June 1987 ) is a French snowboarder and soldier , specializing in snowboardcross .
Isireli Tuvuki is a former Fijian politician , who served in the Cabinet from 2001 to 2006 as Assistant Minister for Agriculture , Sugar , and Land Resettlement .
Vincenzo Torregiani or Torreggiani ( born in Budrio , active in Bologna 1742 - 1770 ) was an Italian painter .
Carmen Micaela Risso de Cancellieri ( February 10 , 1905 -- October 31 , 2005 ) , better known as Carmencita Calderón , was an Argentine tango dancer .
Wu Hsiao - li ( Chinese : 吳曉莉 ; pinyin : Wú Xiǎolì , born October 11 , 1983 ) is Taiwanese volleyball player who plays as the main setter in the Chinese Taipei women 's national volleyball team .
Angelo Cesselon ( February 17 , 1922 -- September 26 , 1992 ) was an Italian poster painter .
Ramon Muntaner 's Crònica is one of the four Catalan Grand Chronicles through which the historian views thirteenth- and fourteenth century military and political matters in the Crown of Aragon and Catalonia .
Edwin Lees ( 1800 - -1887 ) was a British botanist and antiquarian .
Walter Hoppe ( March 21 , 1917 -- November 3 , 1986 ) was a German physicist and electron microscopist .
D. Raja is a politician and the member of Rajya Sabha from Tamil Nadu .
Cornett Wood ( September 12 , 1905 -- May 16 , 1980 ) was an American animator and layout artist .
Charles Lee Powell was an American structural engineer and entrepreneur .
Carmen Reece ( born 11 May 1987 ) is an English singer - songwriter and pianist who released her first single she co - wrote and featured on as an unsigned artist `` U GOT ME '' ( Parabeats feat . Carmen Reece . )
Bello Jibrin Gada is a Nigerian politician who was Senator for Sokoto East from May 1999 to May 2003 .
Jessica Frech is an American pop / folk singer - songwriter from Nashville , Tennessee .
Jamie Blanks is a film director and composer .
James McDougal Hart ( May 10 , 1828 -- October 24 , 1901 ) , was a Scottish - born American landscape and cattle painter of the Hudson River School .
J. Pickering Putnam ( April 3 , 1847 -- February 23 , 1917 ) also known as J.P. Putnam or John Pickering Putnam , was an American architect and designer who `` pioneered the concept of the modern apartment building . ''
Teodoro Ribera is a Chilean politician who served as Minister of Justice from 2011 to 2012 .
Zoë Buckman ( born September 13 , 1985 ) is a British artist , photographer and producer .
Athan Karras ( September 27 , 1927 -- February 12 , 2010 ) was a Greek - born American dancer , instructor and actor .
Maria White Lowell ( July 8 , 1821 -- October 27 , 1853 ) was an American poet and abolitionist .
Goiti Yamauchi ( born January 5 , 1993 ) is a Japanese - Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Featherweight division for Bellator MMA .
E. Page Halpin ( born December 16 , 1965 ) , née E. Page Dunlap , is an American former professional golfer who was a member of the LPGA Tour for six years during the 1990s .
Cecilia Fire Thunder ( born Cecilia Apple ; October 24 , 1946 ) is a nurse , community health planner and tribal leader of the Oglala Sioux .
Otto Berchem ( born 1967 Milford , Connecticut ) is an American artist who lives and works in Amsterdam and Bogota .
James Wilson Carmichael ( 9 June 1800 -- 1868 ) , also known as John Carmichael was an English marine painter .
Matti Pohjola is a noted economist working on the economics of growth , productivity , technological change , and most notably information and communications technology .
John Brinkkotter is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) between 1988 - 89 .
Matilde Pérez Cerda ( December 7 , 1916 -- October 1 , 2014 ) was a Chilean kinetic artist , painter , sculptor and visual artist .
Tamora Pierce ( born December 13 , 1954 ) is an American writer of fantasy fiction for teenagers , known best for stories featuring young heroines .
Nicholas Schaffner ( January 28 , 1953 -- August 28 , 1991 ) was an American non - fiction author , journalist , and singer - songwriter .
Wu Yundong ( Chinese : 吴云东 ) is a theoretical organic chemist based in the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and holds a concurrent position in Peking University .
Alberto Carlos Taquini ( December 6 , 1905 -- March 4 , 1998 ) was an Argentine cardiologist , clinical researcher and academic .
Princess Tenko is the stage name of Mariko Itakura ( 板倉 満里子 Itakura Mariko ) ( born June 29 , 1959 in Arai , Niigata ) , a pop singer turned magician specialising in grand illusions .
Eugen Viktor Feller ( January 26 , 1871 -- November 15 , 1936 ) was a Croatian pharmacist , entrepreneur and pioneer of the industrial drug production in Croatia .
Gahan Wilson ( born February 8 , 1930 ) is an American author , cartoonist and illustrator known for his cartoons depicting horror - fantasy situations .
John T. Cunningham ( June 26 , 1915 -- June 7 , 2012 ) was an American journalist , writer , and historian who published numerous works related to the history of his native state , New Jersey .
Harriet Williams Russell Strong ( July 23 , 1844 -- September 6 , 1926 ) was an American social activist , inventor , conservationist , and leading figure of the early woman 's movement .
Paul Dooley ( born February 22 , 1928 ) is an American actor , writer , and comedian .
Einion Wan ( fl . 1230 - 45 ) was a Welsh language court poet whose surviving poems include elegies to Llywelyn the Great and Madog ap Gruffydd `` Maelor '' ap Madog , Prince of Powys Fadog .
Julius von Flotow ; full name- Julius Christian Gottlieb Ulrich Gustav Georg Adam Ernst Friedrich von Flotow ( March 9 , 1788- August 15 , 1856 ) was a German military officer and a botanist specialized in lichenology and bryology .
Matt Firor is a video game producer and designer of massively multiplayer online role - playing games ( MMORPGs ) .
Bartholomew Ruspini ( c. 1728 -- December 1813 ) was an Italian - born British surgeon - dentist and philanthropist in the 18th century , remembered for founding the Royal Masonic School for Girls .
Lajuan Simon is an American professional boxer from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania that fights as a middleweight .
Jens Nielsen is a Danish academic and biochemical engineer .
Elisa Stephens ( born 1959 ) is a California lawyer and the president of Academy of Art University .
Don Morgan , QC ( born 1950 or 1951 ) is a Canadian provincial politician .
Stephanie Ruhle ( born December 24 , 1975 ) is an American journalist , As of 2016 she is managing editor and news anchor for Bloomberg Television and editor - at - large for Bloomberg News .
Neil Leyton is a Portuguese - Canadian singer and guitarist born in Lisbon .
Chris Hebert ( born September 28 , 1973 ) is an American former child actor who has appeared in a number of television series , commercials , and a few feature films .
Howard A. Stephenson is a Utah politician representing the State 's 11th senate district in Salt Lake County including Draper .
Nathan Banks ( April 13 , 1868 -- January 24 , 1953 ) was an American entomologist noted for his work on neuroptera , megaloptera , hymenoptera , and acarina ( mites ) .
Yos Por , a Cambodian communist politician .
Joi Barua ( Assamese : জয় বৰুৱা ) is an Indian singer and music composer .
André de Ridder is a German conductor of classical music mainly working in Great Britain .
Bernard Palanca , Jr. ( born December 3 , 1976 ) is a Filipino host , film / television character actor , and product endorser .
Song Joon - seok ( Hangul : 송준석 ; born January 18 , 1969 in Jeolla ) , also spelled Song Jun - seok , is a South Korean voice actor .
Kelly Richey ( born November 30 , 1962 ) is an American blues rock guitarist , singer and composer based out of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Peter Hadley ( fl . 1377 - 1388 ) of Exeter , was an English politician .
Eugene H. Peterson ( born November 6 , 1932 ) is an American - born clergyman , scholar , author , and poet .
Johan Nygaardsvold ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈnyːɡoːrsvɔl ) ; 6 September 1879 - 13 March 1952 ) was a Norwegian politician from the Labour Party .
Damon Harris ( born Otis Robert Harris , Jr. , July 17 , 1950 -- February 18 , 2013 ) was an African - American soul and R&B singer , most notable as a member of The Temptations from 1971 to 1975 .
Chef Jeremiah , also known as Chef Jeremiah Bullfrog , is a celebrity chef and food truck owner based in Miami , Florida .
Thomas Shimmin ( 1800 -- c.1876 - -1879 ) was a rag gatherer and poet nicknamed `` Tom the Dipper '' who lived in the Isle of Man .
T. Robinson ( full name and date of birth unknown ) is a former Bermudian cricketer .
Kristin Hannah ( born September 25 , 1960 ) is an award - winning and bestselling American writer , who has won numerous awards , including the Golden Heart , the Maggie , and the 1996 National Reader 's Choice award .
Jung Joon - ho ( born October 1 , 1970 ) is a South Korean actor , who gained fame in the 2000 series , Women Like You , ( 왕추 ) .
Ralph Rimmer is a former Irish rugby league player , administrator and coach of the Ireland national rugby league team .
Israel Acrelius ( December 4 , 1714 -- April 25 , 1800 ) was a noted Swedish Lutheran missionary and priest .
Subramaniam Siva is an Indian film director , who has directed Tamil films .
Mike Gibbons ( July 20 , 1887 in St. Paul , Minnesota -- August 31 , 1956 ) was an American boxer from 1908 to 1922 .
Philip Greenspun is a semi - retired American computer scientist , educator , and early Internet entrepreneur who was a pioneer in developing online communities .
Powes Parkop is a Papua New Guinean lawyer and politician , from Manus Province .
Dinkar D. Patil ( Marathi : दिनकर द. पाटील ) ( 1915 - -2005 ) was a prominent Marathi film director , scriptwriter , and dialogue writer during the Golden Era ( 1950 - -1990 ) of the Marathi Film Industry .
Adeline Smith ( March 15 , 1918 -- March 19 , 2013 ) ( Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe ) was an American elder , lexicographer , activist , and cultural preservationist .
Shirley Ross ( January 7 , 1913 -- March 9 , 1975 ) was an American actress and singer , notable for her duet with Bob Hope , `` Thanks for the Memory '' from The Big Broadcast of 1938 .
Howard Kent Walker ( born December 3 , 1935 ) is a US diplomat , Foreign Service officer , former United States Ambassador to Togo , Madagascar , and Comoros .
Dodie Bellamy is an American novelist , nonfiction author , journalist and editor .
Magnús Þór Hafsteinsson ( born May 29 , 1964 ) is an Icelandic politician active in the Liberal Party ( Frjálslyndi flokkurinn ) .
Nanalal Dalpatram Kavi ( Gujarati : નાનાલાલ દલપતરામ કવિ ) was a noted author and poet of Gujarati literature , and was given a title of `` Kavishwar '' ( God of Poets ) by people of Gujarat .
Wally Sykes was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ann Lynch ( born December 27 , 1964 ) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 30 , which includes portions of Olmsted and Wabasha counties in the southeastern part of the state .
Melvin Glover ( born May 15 , 1961 ) , better known as Melle Mel /ˈmɛli ˈmɛl/ and Grandmaster Melle Mel , is an American hip - hop musician -- one of the pioneers of rap as lead rapper and main songwriter for Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five .
Traci Bingham ( born January 13 , 1968 ) is an American actress , model , and television personality who is best known for playing Jordan Tate on the television series Baywatch between 1996 and 1998 .
Rich Herrin ( born April 6 , 1933 ) is a college basketball coach at Morthland College .
Fred Mollin is a Canadian film and television music composer , actor and producer .
William de Brailes ( active c. 1230 -- c. 1260 ) was an English Early Gothic manuscript illuminator , presumably born in Brailes , Warwickshire .
Cephas Thompson ( July 1 , 1775 -- November 6 , 1856 ) was a successful , self - taught , early nineteenth - century portrait painter in the United States , who was born , died , and lived most of his life in Middleborough , Massachusetts .
Martin Pearlman ( born May 21 , 1945 , Chicago ) is an American conductor , harpsichordist , composer , and early music specialist .
Sir Simon Fitz - Richard ( died c.1348 ) was an Irish barrister and judge .
Todd Shields ( born August 3 , 1968 ) , a political scientist at the University of Arkansas , where he is Dean of the J. William Fulbright College of Arts and Sciences .
August Kopff ( February 5 , 1882 -- April 25 , 1960 ) was a German astronomer and discoverer of several comets and asteroids .
Sir George Malcolm Thornton , FRSA ( born 3 April 1939 ) , known as Malcolm Thornton , is a British Conservative politician .
Yin Xiuzhen ( Chinese : 尹秀珍 ; born 1963 in Beijing ) is a Chinese sculpture and installation artist .
Dennis Bryon is a Welsh rock drummer from Cardiff , best known for his work with the Bee Gees from 1974 to 1979 .
Nils Stolzlechner ( born 5 May 1962 ) is an Austrian - born American former ski jumper .
Marge Piercy ( born March 31 , 1936 ) is an American poet , novelist , and social activist .
Frederic Courtland Penfield ( April 23 , 1855 - June 19 , 1922 ) was an American diplomat who served in London , Cairo , and as U.S. Ambassador to Austria - Hungary .
Duncan Heath ( b1946 ) is a leading British talent agent and the co - chairman of the Independent Talent Group , Europe 's largest talent agency , based in Soho , London .
J. Doyne Farmer ( born 1952 ) is an American physicist and entrepreneur , with interests in chaos theory , complexity and econophysics .
Patrik Vostárek ( born 3 May 1989 ) is a Czech motorcycle racer who has competed in the 125cc World Championship , the European Superstock 600 Championship , the Supersport World Championship and the Moto2 World Championship .
Martyn Thompson is a photographer based in New York who specializes in still life , interior , beauty , accessory , fashion , and travel photography .
Beau Burchell ( born December 17 , 1978 ) is an American musician , record producer , and audio engineer from Orange County , California .
Sir Jinx is an American hip - hop record producer and rapper from South Central Los Angeles , California .
Claudius Clavus ( Suartho ) also known as Nicholas Niger , ( Danish : Claudius Claussøn Swart ) , ( September 14 , 1388- ? ) , was a Danish geographer sometimes considered to be the first Nordic cartographer .
Jerome Anthony Watrous ( September 6 , 1840 -- June 5 , 1922 ) was an American author , newspaper writer , politician , and soldier .
Bill Kovach ( Albanian : Bill Kovaçi ) is a US journalist , former Washington bureau chief of The New York Times , former editor of the Atlanta Journal - Constitution , and co - author of the book , The Elements of Journalism :
Erti Hizmo ( born in Kavajë ) is an Albanian singer who has performed several times at the National Song Festival .
Kalilah Enríquez ( born February 11 , 1983 ) is a Belizean journalist and poet .
Kay Floyd is an American politician who represents the 46th district in the Oklahoma Senate .
Charlotte Pomerantz ( born July 24 , 1930 ) is an American children 's writer and journalist .
Ketan Kadam is an Indian entrepreneur and restaurateur .
Nancy Durrant is a British journalist , art critic and arts commissioning editor for The Times .
Yang Dezhi ( simplified Chinese : 杨得志 ; traditional Chinese : 楊得志 ; pinyin : Yáng Dézhì ; January 13 , 1911 -- October 25 , 1994 ) was a Chinese general and politician .
Adam Morley is a theatre and film director based in London , England .
Richard T. Scott ( born 1980 ) is an American figurative painter and writer working in New York and Paris , France .
M. G. Sreekumar is a two - time National Award - winning Indian playback singer and music director who works in Malayalam cinema .
Mimi Blais is a French Canadian pianist , composer , comedian and educator with a special interest in ragtime music and witty showmanship .
Laura Kinsale is an award - winning and New York Times bestselling American writer of historical romance novels since 1985 .
Lluís Millet was early attracted to choir songs , and aged just 17 he became conductor of the Chorus the `` La Lira de Sant Cugat del Vallès . ''
Zhang Shengwen ( simplified Chinese : 张胜温 ; traditional Chinese : 張勝溫 ; pinyin : Zhāng Shèngwēn ; Wade -- Giles : Chang Sheng - wen ) ; ( active 1163 - -1189 ) was a Chinese painter from the Kingdom of Dali ( present day Yunnan Province ) during the 12th century .
Patrick K. Porter , Ph.D. , ( born August 10 , 1961 ) is an American author , entrepreneur , and motivational speaker .
Steven Rosengard is an independent American fashion designer .
Antônio Bento da Silva Filho ( born September 7 , 1967 , in Rio de Janeiro ) , known as Toni Garrido is a Brazilian singer , TV presenter and actor .
Cory Spotts is a record producer from Phoenix , Arizona .
Giselle Rosselli is an Australian singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and producer , sometimes seen mononymously as Giselle .
Richard Gotabhaya Senanayake ( November 4 , 1911 -- December 22 , 1970 ) ( popularly known as R.G. Senanayake ) was a Sri Lankan politician .
Betty Catroux ( born Betty Saint in 1945 ) is a former Chanel model , and fashion icon .
Norman Orenstein is a Canadian composer , record producer , and musician .
Sophia Briscoe ( fl . 1770s ) was an 18th - century English novelist .
Jesse Rae is a Scottish singer and composer from St Boswells in Scotland .
Karl Ehmann was an Austrian stage and film actor whose career spanned both the silent and sound eras of the film industry .
Anthony Esposito is a film producer whose credits include Executive Target ( 1997 ) , Camouflage ( 2001 ) and WiseGirls ( 2002 ) .
Julio Barrenechea ( 1910 - -1979 ) was a Chilean writer , politician , and diplomat .
Joaquim Osório Duque - Estrada ( April 19 , 1870 -- February 5 , 1927 ) was a Brazilian poet , essayist , journalist , literary critic and professor .
Natasha Scharf is an author , disc jockey , presenter and journalist best known for her work publicising gothic , rock , metal and progressive metal music and subcultures .
Ravindra Sathe is an Indian playback singer in Marathi film industry .
Steve Gilmour ( born 16 October 1986 ) is an Australian cricketer who is contracted to the Victorian Bushrangers with the squad number 30 for the 2011/12 Australian cricket summer .
Rostrum Records president Benjy Grinberg first heard about Wiz Khalifa in 2004 when the rapper 's contribution to a mixtape of various new Pittsburgh artists attracted his interest .
Akim Badalov Badal oglu ( Azerbaijani : Akim Bədəlov Bədəl oğlu ) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Director of State Agency on Alternative and Renewable Energy Sources of Azerbaijan Republic .
Lefteris Pantazis ( Greek : Λευτέρης Πανταζής ) who is often called by the nickname LEPA by the media and his fans , is a famous Greek singer .
Ann Marie DeAngelo is an American choreographer , director , producer , teacher , and former dancer .
David Allan Cates is an American novelist and poet , and director of Missoula Medical Aid .
Anton Moisescu ( February 12 , 1913 -- April 3 , 1997 ) was a Romanian politician who was the acting Chairman of the Presidium of the Grand National Assembly from 7 January 1958 until 11 January 1958 , together with Mihail Sadoveanu , and thus interim head of state .
Sunny Skylar ( October 11 , 1913 -- February 2 , 2009 ) was an American composer , singer , lyricist , and music publisher .
Living from 1861 in Paris , Draner worked as an illustrator for numerous famous newspapers and sketched late costumes for different famous theatrical houses and opera - houses .
Sebastian Teo Kway Huang ( simplified Chinese : 张培源 ; traditional Chinese : 張培源 ; pinyin : Zhāng Péiyuán ) a politician and businessman from Singapore who is currently the President of the opposition National Solidarity Party ( NSP ) .
Denny Kantono ( Chinese : 关有明 , born January 12 , 1970 ) is a retired Chinese - Indonesian badminton player who specialized in men 's doubles .
A cold , heartless tyrant , Nurse Ratched has become the stereotype of the nurse as a battleaxe .
Parvis Emad is an interpreter and translator of Martin Heidegger 's writings .
Dirk Ahlborn is a German - born American entrepreneur .
Harold Hill Smith ( April 24 , 1910 -- October 19 , 1994 ) was an American geneticist who first fused a human cell and a plant cell .
Chicago newspaper columnist , Neil Steinberg , declared `` if ever a Chicago police officer was a celebrity , it was Patrolman Leonard Baldy . ''
George Partridge ( February 8 , 1740 - -July 7 , 1828 ) was an American teacher and politician .
Brenda Webster is an American writer , critic and translator .
Surendar Valasai ( Sindhi : سريندر ولاسائي ) ( born 11 August 1968 , near Kaloi , Tharparkar , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani journalist .
Betty Jane Belanus ( February 12 , 1954 ) is an American writer and folklorist .
Etienne Faure ( born 1969 ) is French producer , director and screenwriter , mostly known for his art house movies .
Howard Lindsay , born Herman Nelke , ( March 29 , 1889 - February 11 , 1968 ) was an American theatrical producer , playwright , librettist , director and actor .
Najm al - Dīn al - Qazwīnī al - Kātibī ( died AH 675 / 1276 CE ) was a Persian Islamic philosopher and logician of the Shafi`i school .
Orlando Merlini ( died 1510 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance , active in Gubbio in Umbria .
Robert Herberigs ( 1886 - -1974 ) was a Belgian painter , writer and musician .
Robert Anthony Hatcher ( February 24 , 1819 -- December 4 , 1886 ) was a prominent Missouri politician and Democrat who served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War and then spent three terms in the United States House of Representatives after the war during Reconstruction .
Cristoforo Canozzi , also called Cristoforo da Lendinara , ( c. 1426 -- after 1477 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance .
Edward Payson Van Duzee ( 1861 - 1940 ) was an American entomologist noted for his work on Hemiptera .
John Fonville is a flutist and composer .
Earnie Dee Shaver ( born August 31 , 1945 ) , best known as Earnie Shavers , is an American former professional boxer and two - time world heavyweight title challenger .
Ulla Kock am Brink ( Ursula Eva Maria Kock am Brink ) ( 10 July 1961 in Mülheim an der Ruhr ) is a German television presenter .
Bituin Escalante ( born April 23 , 1977 ) , better known as Bituin , is a Filipina singer and host .
Brooke Ellen Bollea ( born May 5 , 1988 ) , better known by her stage name Brooke Hogan , is an American reality television star , actress , singer , and media personality .
Joe Negroni ( September 9 , 1940 -- September 5 , 1978 ) was an American singer of Puerto Rican descent .
Lawrence Daws ( born 1927 ) is an Australian painter and printmaker , who works in the media of oil , watercolour , drawing , screenprints , etchings and monotypes .
Heinie Conklin ( July 15 , 1889 -- July 30 , 1959 ) was an American actor of the silent film era , who appeared in nearly 400 films .
Mai Abdel - Jabbar Hamdan Selim ( Arabic : مي عبد الجبار حمدان سليم‎ ) ( born November 6 , 1983 in Dubai ) , commonly known as Mai Selim , is a Jordanian singer and actress .
Tom Morton - Smith , ( born 1980 ) is an English playwright .
Yang Sui - sheng ( Chinese : 楊綏生 ; pinyin : Yáng Suīshēng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Marc Spitz ( born October 2 , 1969 ) is a music journalist , author and playwright .
James Rick Langford ( born March 20 , 1952 ) , is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1976 - 1986 .
Joaquim Leitão , ComIH , OM ( born 1956 ) is a Portuguese film director .
Aurelio Pastor Valdivieso is a Peruvian politician and a former Congressman representing San Martín for the 2006 - 2011 term .
Phil Arnold ( September 15 , 1909 -- May 9 , 1968 ) was an American screen , stage , television , and vaudeville actor .
Samuel Kinghan was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Donal Henahan ( February 28 , 1921 -- August 19 , 2012 ) was an American music critic and journalist who had lengthy associations with the Chicago Daily News and The New York Times .
Robert Trebor ( born June 7 , 1953 ) is an American character actor , perhaps best known for starring as Salmoneus on the cult hits Hercules :
Pedro Carujo ( 1801 - -1836 ) was a Venezuelan journalist and military man .
Isidore Ramishvili ( Georgian : ისიდორე რამიშვილი ) ( July 8 , 1859 -- 1937 ) was a Georgian Social Democratic politician , journalist , and one of the leaders of Menshevik movement in Imperial Russia .
Roger Penney is a singer , songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Fred Fleck , also known as Fred A. Fleck , Frederick Fleck , or Freddie Fleck , was an American assistant director and production manager .
Sunilam , formerly known as Sunil Mishra , is an Indian socialist politician .
Winona Barkley ( b. 1961 ) is a retired professional wrestler better known by the ring names Winona Littleheart ( sometimes billed as Winona Little Heart and Wenona Little Heart ) and The Lock .
Prageeth Eknaligoda is a cartoonist , political analyst and journalist .
Luboff was the founder and conductor of the Norman Luboff Choir , one of the leading choral groups of the 1950s , 60s and 70s .
Dan Lavery ( born June 11 , 1969 ) is a professional musician who has been nominated for two Grammy - awards as part of the band Tonic .
Wayne Cao ( born Nguyễn Cảo ; December 7 , 1946 ) is a Canadian politician and former member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta , where he represented the district of Calgary - Fort as a Progressive Conservative .
Ryan Burr ( born March 17 , 1972 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is a sports television journalist .
Ricardo Yrarrázaval Larraín ( born October 12 , 1931 ) is a Chilean painter and ceramist .
Bernard de Gordon ( fl.1270 - 1330 ) was a French doctor and professor of medicine at the University of Montpellier from 1285 .
Cléophas Beausoleil ( June 19 , 1845 -- October 4 , 1904 ) was a Canadian journalist , publisher , office holder , lawyer , and politician .
Cameron Richardson ( born September 11 , 1979 ) is an American actress and model , who portrayed Chloe Carter on the CBS television series Harper 's Island .
Amitosh Nagpal ( born 22 October ) is an Indian film actor , screenwriter and lyricist , known for his role in Besharam .
Bengt Westerlund ( Born 1921 - Died June 4 , 2008 ) was a Swedish astronomer who specialised in observational astronomy .
Miro Teixeira ( born May 27 , 1945 ) - Brazilian lawyer , politician and journalist .
Thomas Zander Bleck is an American singer , songwriter signed to 2101 Records / Capitol .
Armando Riesco ( born December 5 , 1977 ) is a Puerto Rican film and television actor and voice artist .
Salvator Cicurel ( March 3 , 1893 -- February 15 , 1975 ) was an Egyptian fencer , and later the president of Cairo 's Sephardi Jewish community from1946 until 1957 .
Jerome T. Schwartz ( born October 5 , 1951 ) was an American politician , a logger and businessman .
Pierre Declercq ( May 10 , 1938 - September 19 , 1981 ) was a French New Caledonian politician and a noted supporter of New Caledonian independence .
Sydney Chilton Mewburn , PC ( December 4 , 1863 -- August 11 , 1956 ) was a Canadian lawyer , soldier , and politician .
Malik Ghulam Mustafa Khar ( Urdu : غلام مصطفى کھر‎ ; born Kot Addu , Muzaffargarh on 2 August 1937 ) is a Pakistani politician from Punjab Province .
Zoya Khan ( born Sana Khan ) is an Indian actress , model and host by profession .
Sidney Fiske Kimball ( 1888 -- 1955 ) was an American architect , architectural historian and museum director .
William Macready the elder ( 1755 - -1829 ) was an Irish actor - manager .
Domingos José Gonçalves de Magalhães , Viscount of Araguaia ( August 13 , 1811 -- July 10 , 1882 ) , was a Brazilian poet , playwright , medician and diplomat .
Sergio Villalobos Rivera ( born 1930 ) is a Chilean historian , and Chilean National History Award in 1992 .
Douglas Dias Jayasinha ( May 11 , 1915 - Apr 28 , 2006 ) was a Ceylonese cricketer and cricket administrator .
Julius Eastman ( October 27 , 1940 -- May 28 , 1990 ) was an African - American composer , pianist , vocalist , and dancer of minimalist tendencies .
Vivek Rajkumar is an Indian American poker player from Las Vegas , Nevada .
Simone Stelzer alias Simone is an Austrian pop singer .
François Xavier Aubry ( December 3 , 1824 -- August 18 , 1854 ) was a French Canadian merchant and explorer of the American Southwest .
Anaximenes of Lampsacus ( Ancient Greek : Ἀναξιμένης ) ( c. 380 -- 320 BC ) was a Greek rhetorician and historian .
The band 's lead singer also uses Robin Black as his stage name .
Julien Paul Blitz ( May 21 , 1885 -- July 17 , 1951 ) was an American cellist , conductor , and teacher .
Karan Bajaj is an Indian American author of three contemporary Indian novels , Keep Off the Grass ( 2008 ) , Johnny Gone Down ( 2010 ) and The Seeker ( 2015 ) .
Billy Papke ( born William Papke , and known as `` The Illinois Thunderbolt '' ) ( September 17 , 1886 -- November 26 , 1936 ) was an American boxer .
Jake Rodenhouse is a record producer and multi - instrumentalist , and the founder of Perfect Sound Studios .
Morgana King ( born June 4 , 1930 ) is an American jazz singer and actress .
Francis Magundayao ( born May 14 , 1999 ) is a Filipino actor and commercial model .
Robert Garlick Hill Kean ( October 7 , 1828 -- June 13 , 1898 ) was a Virginia lawyer and Civil War bureaucrat , whose wartime diary , published after his death , continues to provide useful insight into the inner workings of the Confederate government during the War .
Jorge Basadre Grohmann ( February 12 , 1903 -- June 29 , 1980 ) was a Peruvian historian known for his extensive publications about the independent history of his country .
Frederick Knab was an artist and entomologist active from the 1880s through the 1918 , most noted for his oil paintings and illustrations and his work with coleopterous and dipterous insects .
Raghu Kunche is actor / anchor / dubbing artist who has acted in many TV serials and played roles in movies and short films .
Polly Evans is a television presenter , best known for her presenting work on the BBC South East Today news programme .
Ron Cantelon ( born 1943 or 1944 ) is a Canadian politician , who served in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2005 to 2013 .
Yiannis Spyropoulos ( Greek : Γιάννης Σπυρόπουλος ) ( March 12 , 1912 -- May 18 , 1990 ) was a famous Greek painter of the second half of the 20th century .
Alexandre Destrez ( born May 29 , 1969 ) is a French pianist , keyboardist , composer and musical arranger .
Rodolfo Casanova , also known as Baby Casanova or Chango Casanova ( born June 21 , 1915 in León , Guanajuato , deceased November 23 , 1980 ) , was a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division .
Trenton Shipley is an Australian painter and artist .
Vācaspati Miśra was a 9th- or 10th - century CE Indian philosopher of Advaita Vedanta school of Hinduism .
Damir Doma is a fashion designer based in Milano .
Fletcher Dulini is a Zimbabwean politician and a member of the Movement for Democratic Change political party .
Abraham Burton Cohen ( March 9 , 1882 -- February 11 , 1956 ) was an American civil engineer notable for his role in designing innovative and record - breaking concrete bridges such as the Delaware , Lackawanna and Western Railroad 's Tunkhannock Viaduct , the world 's largest concrete structure when completed .
Choi Jong - won ( born January 27 , 1950 ) is a South Korean actor and politician .
Faltonius Probus Alypius ( floruit 370 - -397 ) was a politician of the Roman Empire .
Don Tosti ( given name : Edmundo Martinez Tostado ) ( 1923 -- August 2 , 2004 ) was an American musician and composer .
Ted Nasmith is a Canadian artist , illustrator and architectural renderer .
Deshamanya Mahesh Amalean ( born April 4 , 1955 ) is a Sri Lankan engineer and industrialist .
Dr. Leon Burke III is an American musician , singer , and conductor from St. Louis , Missouri .
Winston Lord ( born August 14 , 1937 ) is a United States diplomat and leader of non - governmental foreign policy organizations .
Paul Laffoley ( August 14 , 1935 -- November 16 , 2015 ) was an American visionary artist and architect from Boston , Massachusetts , represented by Kent Fine Art in New York .
James Allen Williamson ( born May 27 , 1951 ) is an American attorney and Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Saschko Gawriloff ( born October 20 , 1929 ) is a German violinist and violin teacher from Bulgarian descent .
Anton Davidoglu ( born June 30 , 1876 in Bârlad , died May 27 , 1958 in Bucharest ) was a Romanian mathematician who specialized in differential equations .
Ron Brooks better known by his stage name Money - B , is an American rapper , best known for being a member of the funk and rap group Digital Underground .
James Cecil Hatlo ( September 1 , 1897 -- December 1 , 1963 ) , better known as Jimmy Hatlo , was an American cartoonist who created in 1929 the long - running comic strip and gag panel They 'll Do It Every Time , which he wrote and drew until his death in 1963 .
Crissi Cochrane is a Canadian pop singer - songwriter based in Windsor , Ontario .
Gary Thornhill , ( born 11 February 1968 in Liverpool , England ) is a former English professional boxer who fought at featherweight and super featherweight .
Vincent Goes Ahead Jr. is an American politician and Crow Nation tribal leader of Montana .
Tyson Beckford ( born December 19 , 1970 ) is an American fashion model and actor , best known as a Ralph Lauren Polo model .
Charles Roy Lancaster CBE ( born 1937 ) is a British plantsman , gardener , author and broadcaster .
Renee Roszel is an American writer of over-40 romance novels since 1983 .
Park Ji - min ( Hangul : 박지민 , born July 5 , 1997 ) , otherwise known as Jimin Park or Jamie Park , is a South Korean singer , rapper and television host .
Michael Wigglesworth ( 1631 - -1705 ) was a Puritan minister , doctor and poet whose poem The Day of Doom was a bestseller in early New England .
Professor Akinwunmi Isola ( b. Ibadan ) is a Nigerian playwright , actor , dramatist , culture activist and scholar .
Sophie Tucker ( January 13 , 1887 -- February 9 , 1966 ) was a Ukrainian - born American singer , comedian , actress , and radio personality .
Lynn Carey Saylor is an American singer , guitarist and composer .
Giacomo Finetti ( died 1630 ) was an Italian Anconitan priest and composer .
Under the stage name Yoo Gun , he began his entertainment career in 1997 as a singer in South Korean boy band Oppa .
Evelyn Preer , born Evelyn Jarvis ( July 16 , 1896 -- November 27 , 1932 ) , was a pioneering African - American stage and screen actress and blues singer of the 1910s through the early 1930s .
Antonio da Fabriano ( active in mid 15th century ) was an Italian painter , active in the Region of Marche .
Alexis Beucler is an American artistic gymnast from Findlay , Ohio .
Joey Bond , ( born March 30 , 1948 ) is a Romanian - born entertainer , author , and teacher of Tai Chi .
Alex Tse ( born 1976 ) is an American screenwriter who wrote the 2004 gangster film Sucker Free City and co - wrote the 2009 superhero film Watchmen .
Witt Orison Guise ( September 18 , 1908 -- August 13 , 1968 ) , nicknamed Lefty Guise , was a professional baseball player .
Hans von Mžik ( 1876 -- 1961 ) was an Austrian orientalist and geographer .
Victor Stepaniuc ( born July 13 , 1958 , Costeşti , Ialoveni ) is a Moldovan historian and politician .
Reid Gershbein is an entrepreneur , studio executive , computer - generated imagery specialist , film producer / writer / director , and currently Director of Advanced Research at Unity_Technologies .
Koryun ( Armenian : Կորյուն or Կորիւն , also transliterated as Koriun , Goriun or Gorune ) was the earliest Armenian - language historian .
Frederick William Cappelen ( October 21 , 1857 -- October 16 , 1921 ) was a Norwegian - born architect and civil engineer who held the office of Minneapolis City Engineer .
Chopy Fatah ( Kurdish : Çopî Fetah / چۆپی فەتاح , born June 10 , 1983 ) is a contemporary Kurdish singer .
George F. Loring ( d. February 1 , 1918 ) was a Boston , Massachusetts architect .
Radie Harris ( October 24 , 1904 -- February 22 , 2001 ) was an American journalist and newspaper columnist noted for her close relationships with Broadway denizens and stars from the Golden Age of Hollywood , as well as for her breezy chronicles on the world of entertainment .
Monica Youngna Youn is an American poet and lawyer .
Margo Humphrey ( born June 25 , 1942 ) is an American printmaker , illustrator and art teacher .
Carolyn Mary Kleefeld is an American author , poet , and visual artist .
Araik Ambartsumov is a Russian amateur boxer of Armenian descent who won the silver medal at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the featherweight division .
Nikolai Suetin ( Russian : Николай Суетин , 1897 -- 1954 ) was a Russian Suprematist artist .
Rinaldo di Calvi was an Italian painter of the time of Renaissance .
Mohan Sivanand is an Indian journalist and artist .
Hegias ( Greek : Ἡγίας ) was a Neoplatonist philosopher who lived in the 5th and 6th centuries .
Bennie Lee Sinclair ( April 15 , 1939 -- May 22 , 2000 ) was an American poet , novelist , and short story writer .
Charles Eugene Wolfe Jr. ( August 14 , 1957 to February 2 , 1986 ) was an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name , Gino Hernandez .
Mikaël Zewski ( born February 13 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional boxer currently fighting at welterweight .
As an entrepreneur , he collaborated with former Kentucky Fried Chicken CEO John Y. Brown , Jr. in 1991 to start up the restaurant chain Kenny Rogers Roasters .
Denis - Christel Sassou Nguesso is a Congolese politician who has held high - level positions in the national oil industry .
Joseph Fahey ( also Joseph J. Fahey ) is an American Catholic theologian who specializes in Labor Studies and Peace Studies .
The Master of Vyšší Brod ( also known as the Master of Hohenfurth , from the German name for the town of Vyšší Brod ) was an anonymous Bohemian painter active around 1350 .
Pedro Sánchez Falconete was a Spanish architect from Seville .
Clemente Aguirre ( November 23 , 1828 -- October 24 , 1900 ) was a Mexican composer and music instructor in Guadalajara , Jalisco , during the 19th century .
Marcos Peña is an Argentine politician and political scientist .
Angelina Muñiz - Huberman ( December 29 , 1936 - - ) is a Mexican writer and poet .
Milan Mihajlović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Михајловић ; Belgrade , July 3 , 1945 ) is Serbian composer , music pedagogue and conductor .
Emília Moncorvo Bandeira de Melo ( 1852 - -1910 ) was a Brazilian writer who commonly wrote under the pseudonym Carmen Dolores .
FrancEyE aka Frances Dean Smith ( March 19 , 1922 -- June 2 , 2009 ) , was an American poet .
Philippe Bruggisser ( born 11 September 1948 in Wohlen , Aargau ) is a Swiss manager in the airline industry .
Raffaele Maccagnani ( March 24 , 1841 in Lecce -- August 9 , 1925 in Lecce ) was an Italian painter , depicting both genre and sacred works .
Spurgeon Tucker ( November 2 , 1894 -- June 5 , 1968 ) was an accomplished 20th - century American painter and successful lithographer .
Wang Han ( Chinese : 王翰 ; pinyin : Wáng Hàn early part eighth century ) was a Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty , with one of his poems being included in the famous anthology Three Hundred Tang Poems .
Olof Hanson ( September 10 , 1862 -- September 8 , 1933 ) was a deaf American architect .
Drue Smith was a pioneering woman journalist .
Lara Scandar ( Arabic:لارا اسكندر ) is an Egyptian singer and songwriter who rose to fame in 2009 after being a semi - finalist in the Pan Arab talent show , Star Academy .
Peter Selgin ( born 1957 ) is an American novelist , short story writer , playwright , essayist , editor , and illustrator .
Gil Nelson ( born 1949 ) is a botanist , naturalist , author and speaker in the Southeastern United States .
As a historical novelist Jon Edward Martin 's ancient fiction is characterized by a willingness to explore historical events from a different point of view .
Leo M. Reinbold ( March 24 , 1933 -- February 11 , 2010 ) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as North Dakota Public Service Commissioner from 1981 to 2003 .
Dallas Holm ( born November 5 , 1948 in St. Paul Park , Minnesota ) is a singer - songwriter of Christian music , whose musical ministry has spanned almost four decades .
Gustave Solomon ( October 27 , 1930 -- January 31 , 1996 ) was a mathematician and electrical engineer who was one of the founders of the algebraic theory of error detection and correction .
Habiba Ahmed Abd Elaziz Ramadan ( November 22 , 1986 -- August 14 , 2013 ) was an Egyptian journalist and activist who was killed on August 14 , 2013 by a sniper in the protests following the ousting of Mohamed Morsi as President of Egypt .
Germán García Durán is Colombian career diplomat who twice served as Ambassador of Colombia to Kenya .
Kusaba Haisen ( 1787 - -1867 ) 草場佩川 Confucian Scholar and painter from Hizen ( Saga domain , now part of Saga and Nagasaki prefectures ) .
Julia Phillips ( April 7 , 1944 -- January 1 , 2002 ) was an American film producer and author .
Vincent Bennett is an American musician , best known as the vocalist and only remaining original member of the American deathcore band The Acacia Strain .
Otis Williams ( born Otis Miles , Jr. ; October 30 , 1941 ) is an American baritone singer .
Mordechai Zeira מרדכי זעירא ( born as Dimitry Greben , Kiev 1905 - 1968 ) was an Israeli composer .
Callippus ( /kəˈlɪp.əs/ ; Greek : Κάλλιπος ; c. 370 BC -- c. 300 BC ) was a Greek astronomer and mathematician .
Dr. Bence Stágel ( born December 21 , 1978 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz--
Giles Lewin is a British violinist and bagpiper .
Michael L. Vaughn ( born November 12 , 1957 ) is an American politician who represents District 24 as a Democrat in the Maryland House of Delegates .
Adell Hall Ward , better known as Vera Hall ( April 6 , 1902 -- January 29 , 1964 ) was an American folk singer , born in Livingston , Alabama .
John Samuel Bourque ( September 8 , 1894 -- March 5 , 1974 ) was a Quebec politician , Cabinet Minister , military member and businessman .
Sarah Streeter ( January 31 , 1953 -- June 13 , 2015 ) , better known by her stage name Big Time Sarah , was an American blues singer .
Melanie Wight is a Canadian politician , who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 2011 election .
Matthieu Aikins is a journalist and literary non - fiction writer best known for his reporting on the war in Afghanistan .
Bianca Schenk ( April 24 , 1918 -- September 2 , 2000 ) was a figure skater .
Orlando Early ( born November 27 , 1967 ) is an American men 's college basketball coach .
Jules Labarthe is a cinematographer , film producer and photographer .
Priscilla Maaswinkel ( born January 14 , 1985 in Utrecht ) is a Dutch ten - pin bowler .
Arthur Jeffrey Dempster ( August 14 , 1886 - March 11 , 1950 ) was a Canadian - American physicist best known for his work in mass spectrometry and his discovery of the uranium isotope 235U.
Vykintas Vaitkevičius is a Lithuanian archaeologist .
Stan Coughtrie was a Scottish international rugby union player , who played for Scotland and the Lions .
Blanton Alspaugh is a multiple Grammy - winning record producer .
Wendell Eugene is an American jazz musician from New Orleans , Louisiana .
Kenny Clarke ( January 2 , 1914 -- January 26 , 1985 ) , born Kenneth Spearman Clarke , nicknamed `` Klook '' and later known as Liaqat Ali Salaam , was a jazz drummer and bandleader .
Tobias Clemens ( born August 14 , 1979 ) is a former German professional tennis player , who played mainly on the ATP Challenger Tour and ITF Futures tournaments .
Bradley W. Schenck is an American artist and game designer .
Benedito Nunes ( November 21 , 1929 - February 27 , 2011 ) was a Brazilian philosopher and literary critic .
Denis Peterson is an American hyperrealist painter .
An Yiru ( Chinese : 安意如 ) is the pen name for a modern - day freelance writer Zhang Li .
Steven M. Rales ( born 1951 ) is an American businessman and film producer , and chairman of Danaher Corporation .
Orlando Williams Wight ( February 19 , 1824 -- October 19 , 1888 ) was an American physician and translator .
Gualberto García Pérez is a musician credited with creating Flamenco Fusion , also called Rock Andaluz .
Lydia Amanda Brewster Sewell ( February 24 , 1859 - November 15 , 1926 ) was a 19th - century American painter of portraits and genre scenes .
Dr Otto Chan is a consultant radiologist , married and a father of 7 children .
Donald S. Sanford ( March 17 , 1918 -- February 8 , 2011 ) was an American television , radio and film screenwriter .
Caro Jones ( 1923 - September 3 , 2009 ) was an American actress and casting director who was responsible for casting more than 1,000 films , theater productions and television shows over the course of more than forty years , including Rocky , The Beverly Hillbillies and Green Acres .
This is the largest novel of the author ( Abdur Rouf Choudhury ) .
Jen Cass is an American singer - songwriter born in Detroit , Michigan .
Zee Avi ( born Izyan Alirahman , also known as KokoKaina),PBK is a Malaysian singer - songwriter , guitarist , and ukulele player .
Gael García Bernal ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ɡaˈel ɣarˈsi.a βerˈnal ) ; born November 30 , 1978 ) is a Mexican film actor , director , and producer .
Badema was married to Bayin ( 巴音额日乐 ) , who is also a notable actor and director in China .
Charles Huband was a Manitoba politician , who subsequently became a judge .
Ivan Lacković Croata ( January 1 , 1932 -- August 29 , 2004 ) was a Croatian naive painter .
John Kirk Townsend ( August 10 , 1809 -- February 6 , 1851 ) was an American naturalist , ornithologist and collector .
Edna Lewis ( April 13 , 1916 -- February 13 , 2006 ) was an African - American chef and author best known for her books on traditional Southern cuisine .
Danny Daniels is an American choreographer , tap dancer , and teacher .
Natalka Bilotserkivets ( b. November 8 , 1954 ) is a Ukrainian poet and translator .
Tahesha Way is an American Democratic Party politician , and former member of the Board of Chosen Freeholders as Freeholder Director in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
Mike Terry is a music producer , recording engineer , and mixer from Kalamazoo , Michigan .
Panagiotis Mitarakis or Mitarachi ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Μηταράκης ) , commonly Notis Mitarachi ( Νότης Μηταράκης ) is a Greek politician , Member of Parliament for Chios , ex President of the Council of the European Union ( Foreign Affairs - Trade ) during the Hellenic Presidency , ex Vice Minister for Economic Development and Competitiveness .
Gordon Hamersley is an American chef based in Boston .
Gauhar Khan ( also known as Gauahar Khan ) is an Indian model and actress .
Susan Spaull is a cookery writer , teacher and chef .
Abraham Schöpfer ( fl . 16th century ) was a German Northern renaissance painter .
Sheldon Weinbaum : ( born July 26 , 1937 , Brooklyn , New York , United States ) is an American biomedical engineer and biofluid mechanician .
Ricardo Gutierrez is an actor , director and teacher .
Joseph Cornell ( December 24 , 1903 -- December 29 , 1972 ) was an American artist and sculptor , one of the pioneers and most celebrated exponents of assemblage .
He was the father of barrister and politician Richard Windeyer and grandfather of politician and judge William Charles Windeyer .
Maxime Feri Farzaneh is a French - Iranian writer and filmmaker .
Kevin Rosaire Bellemare , known professionally as Roz Bell , is a Canadian singer - songwriter , best known for his hit singles `` Yesterday Man '' and `` Papercut '' .
Walter Dulany ( died 1773 ) was a politician in Colonial Maryland , who served as Mayor of Annapolis from 1766 to 1767 .
Nathaniel Kimball Boswell , aka N. K. Boswell ( 1836 - -1921 ) was a frontiersman , rancher , cowboy and lawman of the Old West , best known for building the N. K. Boswell Ranch , considered a historical location of Wyoming today .
Will Espero ( born November 6 , 1960 ) is an American politician who has served as a state senator for the 19th district of the State of Hawaiʻi since 2002 .
Louis LaCoss ( born in Erie , Pennsylvania on January 8 , 1890 ; died February 17 , 1966 in St. Louis , Missouri ) was a journalist and editorial writer .
Kurt Otto Friedrichs ( September 28 , 1901 -- December 31 , 1982 ) was a noted German American mathematician .
Charles West Kendall ( April 22 , 1828 -- June 25 , 1914 ) was an American politician , lawyer , librarian , editor , proprietor and miner in California , Nevada and Colorado .
Nining Meida is a Sundanese singer who became popular in 1980s .
Bill Pohlad is an American film producer and director .
Petteri Iivonen ( b. August 14 , 1987 ) is a Finnish violinist .
Thomas Swayne ( dates of birth and death unknown ) was a noted professional cricketer who played for Surrey in the 1770s .
Christopher Wandesford , 2nd Viscount Castlecomer ( March 2 , 1684 -- June 23 , 1719 ) was a British politician .
Michal Murček is a Slovak professional ice hockey player .
David Asper LLM ( November 26 , 1958- ) is a lawyer , businessman , philanthropist and recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal in recognition of his community service .
Jonathan Lyle is a British engineer and senior civil servant .
Sunny Lane(born March 2 , 1980 ) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress and nude model .
Harold Schechter is an American true crime writer who specializes in serial killers .
Blanche Krupansky married fellow lawyer Frank W. Vargo April 30 , 1960 .
Mário Sousa Marques Filho , better known as Noite Ilustrada ( April 10 , 1928 -- July 28 , 2003 ) was a Brazilian singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Emil Schürer ( May 2 , 1844 -- April 30 , 1910 ) was a German Protestant theologian known mainly for his study of the history of the Jews around the time of Jesus ' ministry .
Phil Smee is an English music journalist , designer and record collector , most widely known for designing music album covers and his Bam - Caruso music label , best known for the Rubble series of albums .
Randall B. Griepp is an American cardiothoracic surgeon who collaborated with Norman Shumway in the development of the first successful heart transplant procedures in the U.S. He has an international reputation for his contributions to the surgical treatment of aortic aneurysm and aortic dissection and in heart transplantation and lung transplantation .
Hector Authier ( November 4 , 1881 -- April 14 , 1971 ) was a Canadian politician , lawyer and news reporter / announcer .
Will Hare ( March 30 , 1919 -- August 31 , 1997 ) was an American actor who appeared on television and films , often playing old crusty figures and father / grandpa roles .
Kathleen Nichols is an American computer scientist and computer networking expert .
Gregory Michael ( born May 30 , 1981 ) is an American actor who most recently starred as `` Grant '' , a fraternity brother , on the ABC Family television series Greek .
Belgacem Bouguenna ( Arabic : بلقاسم بوقنة ) is a Tunisian singer and teacher , born in Douz ( Kebili ) .
Myron Selznick ( October 5 , 1898 -- March 23 , 1944 ) was an American film producer and talent agent .
Vic Godard ( born Victor John Napper ) is a British singer - songwriter formerly of the punk group Subway Sect .
Seydou Nourou Doumbia , known as Chris Seydou ( May 18 , 1949 - March 4 , 1994 ) , was a Malian fashion designer known for his use of traditional Malian fabrics , particularly bògòlanfini ( mudcloth ) .
Uğur Dündar ( born 28 August 1943 ) is a Turkish journalist , anchorman , political commentator and writer .
Jared Sparks ( May 10 , 1789 -- March 14 , 1866 ) was an American historian , educator , and Unitarian minister .
Chris Biller ( born October 10 , 1985 in Concord , California ) is an American rugby union player who currently plays for San Francisco Golden Gate RFC .
Thomas Felix Rosenbaum ( born February 20 , 1955 ) , American physicist , is the current president of the California Institute of Technology .
Tangi Miller ( born February 28 , 1970 ) is an American actress , model and dancer .
John A. Davis ( born October 26 , 1961 ) is an American film director , writer , animator , voice actor and composer known for his work both in stop - motion animation as well as computer animation , Live action and Live - action / CGI Hybrids .
Jeannette H. Lee or Jeannette Lee White ( born in Seoul , South Korea ) is a business owner , entrepreneur , and founder of award - winning information technology company Sytel , Inc. She earned the National Entrepreneurial Excellence Award from Working Woman Magazine in 2000 .
Fletcher Benton ( born February 25 , 1931 in Columbus , Ohio ) is an American sculptor and painter from San Francisco , California .
Stan Bunn ( born June 25 , 1946 ) is an American politician and lawyer in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Shane Beschen ( born February 18 , 1972 ) is a California ( USA ) born professional surfer .
May Irwin ( June 27 , 1862 -- October 22 , 1938 ) was a Canadian actress , singer and star of vaudeville .
Marco Ramoni ( April 13 , 1963 -- June 8 , 2010 ) was a recognized a translational biostatistician and bioinformatician at the Children 's Hospital Informatics Program , Boston , affiliated with the Harvard - MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology .
Bebe Sweetbriar is an American drag singer , actor , community activist , and host based in San Francisco , California .
Yoshimi P - We , ( born Yoshimi Yokota ( 横田佳美 Yokota Yoshimi ) on February 18 , 1968 ) is a Japanese musician best known for her role as the longest consistent drummer in the Japanese rock band Boredoms .
Alexandra Starlight is an American rock ' n ' roll and soul singer , song - writer and performer .
Eugenia Mandal is a Polish social psychologist , holder of a postdoctoral degree in Psychology ( Ph.D. degree : 1990 , University of Silesia ; postdoctoral degree : 2000 , Polish Academy of Science - Departament of Psychology ) .
John Balme is an American conductor , opera manager and pianist .
Fred Kida ( December 12 , 1920 -- April 3 , 2014 ) was a Japanese - American comic book and comic strip artist best known for the 1940s aviator hero Airboy and his antagonist and sometime ally Valkyrie during the period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books .
David F. Shamoon is a Canadian screenwriter , best known for his screenplay In Darkness .
John Sinkankas ( 1915 - -2002 ) was an honored Navy officer and aviator , noted gemologist , gem carver and gem faceter , author of many books and articles on minerals and gemstones , and a bookseller and bibliographer of rare books .
DJ Olive ( also known as The Audio Janitor ; born Gregor Asch ) is an American disc jockey and turntablist .
Ewa Komander ( born 24 February 1985 in Kędzierzyn - Koźle ) is a Polish professional triathlete , Polish U23 Champion of the year 2007 and Elite silver medalist of the year 2008 .
Rudolf Groner ( born July 26 , 1942 , Glarus , Switzerland ) is a Swiss psychologist , specialized in cognitive psychology and media psychology .
Ion Iovcev is a teacher for the Republic of Moldova .
Victor Zsasz ( /ˈʒæʃ/ or /ˈzæz/ ) is a fictional supervillain who appears in comic books published by DC Comics , usually as an enemy of Batman .
Rahimullah Yusufzai ( Yousafzai ) ( رحیم اللہ یوسفزئی)(born September 10 , 1954 ) is a Pakistani journalist , best known for having interviewed Osama bin Laden , an Islamic terrorist leader .
Craig Blackburn is an Australian Paralympic swimmer with a vision impairment .
João Alberto Lins de Barros , Brazilian politician in the early 20th century .
Florencio Randazzo ( born 1 March 1964 ) in an Argentine Justicialist Party politician , and formerly the Minister of the Interior and Transport .
René Pomerleau ( born in Saint - Ferdinand , Quebec on 27 Apr 1904 : died in Quebec City on 11 Oct 1993 ) was a mycologist and Plant pathologist whose specialty was fungi and lichens .
Stephen McKeon is an award winning Irish composer of film and television soundtrack music .
Egodahage George Wilfred Alwis Samarakoon ( January 13 , 1911 -- April 5 , 1962 ) known as Ananda Samarakoon was a Sri Lankan composer and musician .
Andy Cabic is a folk rock singer - songwriter , and lead member of the band Vetiver .
Saba Gavashelishvili ( Georgian : საბა გავაშელიშვილი ; born December 15 , 1987 ) is a Georgian judoka , who played for the half - middleweight category .
Lidia Brito is a Mozambiquan forestry expert and engineer and university lecturer , researcher and consultant for Eduardo Mondlane University .
Scott Molina ( born February 29 , 1960 ) is a retired triathlete .
Prashanthini is a playback singer singing predominantly in Tamil .
JoAnn Berman ( born May 5 , 1957 ) is an American born fashion designer and furniture designer .
Shim Min - ji ( also Sim Min - ji , Korean : 심 민지 ; born April 25 , 1983 ) is a South Korean former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and backstroke events .
Zoran Spasojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Спасојевић ) , Kragujevac , January 22 , 1949 , is a Serbian writer .
Geoff Barton is a British journalist who founded the heavy metal magazine Kerrang ! and was an editor of Sounds music magazine .
Richard Waters ( September 19 , 1935 -- July 4 , 2013 ) was an American artist most notable for inventing the Waterphone .
Rabbi Shaul Shimon Deutsch , the Liozna Rebbe ( born 1966 ) , is a rabbi and author from New York City .
Geoffrey Wolff ( born 1937 ) is an American novelist , essayist , biographer , and travel writer .
According to Vasari , Fra Angelico initially received training as an illuminator , possibly working with his older brother Benedetto who was also a Dominican and an illuminator .
Pascal Judelewicz is a French film producer , actor and President of Acajou Films .
Larry Gates ( September 24 , 1915 -- December 12 , 1996 ) was an American actor probably best known for his role as H.B. Lewis on daytime 's Guiding Light and as Doc Baugh in the film version of Cat on a Hot Tin Roof .
Abraham Savgrain was a French publisher of the beginning of the 17th century .
Frank Harts is an American film , television , and theatre actor .
Don McMorris ( born July 12 , 1961 ) is a Canadian provincial politician , in the province of Saskatchewan .
Athanasius Kircher , S.J. ( sometimes erroneously spelled Kirchner ; 1602 - -1680 ) was a 17th - century German Jesuit scholar and polymath who published around 40 major works , most notably in the fields of comparative religion , geology , and medicine .
Shuhrat Abbosov ( sometimes spelled Shukhrat Abbasov in English ) ( Uzbek : Shuhrat Abbosov , Шуҳрат Аббосов ; Russian : Шухрат Абба́сов ) ( born January 16 , 1931 ) is an Uzbek actor , film director , screenwriter , and film producer .
Peter M. Fischer is an Austrian - Swedish archaeologist .
Carolyn Terteling - Payne ( born December 20 , 1937 ) is an American politician who served as mayor of Boise , Idaho , from 2003 to 2004 .
Benedict Andrews is an Australian theatre director , based in Reykjavik .
Manav Vij is an Indian actor who has worked in Punjabi films and television serials .
Manuel de Regla Mota y Álvarez ( November 21 , 1795 -- May 1 , 1864 ) was a Dominican military figure and politician .
Matthew Carl Ferguson ( born in Conyers , Georgia ) is an American country music singer and songwriter known professionally as Matt Kennon .
Andre Thierry is a Grammy - nominated ( 2012 Best Regional Roots Music Album ) Zydeco musician .
Alma S. Woolley ( October 3 , 1931 , New York City -- December 17 , 2005 , Baltimore ) was an American nurse , nurse educator , nursing historian , and author .
Zabihollah Rezaee ( Persian : ذبیح الله رضایی ) ( born 1954 ) is an Iranian - born / American accountant the Thompson - Hill Chair of Excellence ' and Professor of accounting at the University of Memphis .
Thomas Childers is a historian and has taught in the Department of History at the University of Pennsylvania since 1976 .
Frances Lander Spain ( March 15 , 1903 -- January 20 , 1999 ) was a children 's librarian and an instructor of school library services .
Min Theinkha ( Burmese : မင်းသိင်္ခ ) , born Aung Htun , was a prominent Burmese writer , astrologer and political prisoner .
Placide Gaudet ( November 19 , 1850 -- November 9 , 1930 ) was a Canadian historian , educator , genealogist and journalist .
Nguyễn Tư Nghiêm ( born October 20 , 1919 , not as per official records 1922 ) is a Vietnamese lacquer painter .
Daniel Ben - Ami is a London - based journalist and author specialising in economics and finance .
Nelle Richmond Eberhart ( August 28 , 1871 -- November 15 , 1944 ) was an American librettist , poet , and teacher .
Tyrus Turner Barber ( July 9 , 1893 in Lavinia , Tennessee -- October 20 , 1968 in Milan , Tennessee ) , was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1915 - 1923 .
Gurcharan Singh ( born April 10 , 1977 ) is an Indian Professional boxer born in Rurewal , Punjab and currently settled in Philadelphia , USA .
Claudio Saunt is a professor , author , and historian of Early America , the U.S. South , and Native American Studies .
Athol Williams ( born 20 June 1970 ) is an award - winning South African poet and social philosopher .
Anna Verouli ( Greek : Άννα Βερούλη , born November 13 , 1956 ) is a retired Greek javelin thrower .
Steve Hull ( born August 29 , 1952 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 60 games in the World Hockey Association with the Calgary Cowboys during the 1975 - -76 and 1976 - -77 seasons .
Cari Q ( real name Cari Quoyeser , born November 10 , 1990 ) is an indie rock singer , songwriter , and performer based in Austin , Texas .
Henry Richardson Labouisse , Jr. ( February 11 , 1904 -- March 25 , 1987 ) was an American diplomat and statesman .
Christopher Le Brun PRA ( born 1951 ) is a British artist , known primarily as a painter .
Mahmood Amiry - Moghaddam , possibly Amiri - Moghadam , ( born 21 April 1971 ) is a Norwegian - Iranian neuroscientist and human rights advocate .
Helen Jean Rogers Secondari was an American television producer .
James Booth Lockwood ( October 9 , 1852 − April 9 , 1884 ) , was an American arctic explorer .
Cornelis Felix van Maanen ( 1769 -- February 14 , 1849 ) was a Dutch minister and jurist .
Emerson Pink Hawley ( December 5 , 1872 in Beaver Dam , Wisconsin -- September 19 , 1938 in Beaver Dam , Wisconsin ) , was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1892 to 1901 .
Abdul Rahman Yusuf ( Arabic : عبدالرحمن يوسف‎ ) ( September 18 , 1970 ) is an Egyptian poet who writes original poetry , maintaining the rules of poetry and dedicated to the issues of the Arab nation as well as aesthetics of Arabic poetry .
Steven Christopher Parker ( born January 8 , 1989 ) is an American actor who is best known for his role as Dr. Harold Zelinsky for two seasons on ER . Parker has appeared in more than a dozen feature films , including Rebound , Juno and Little Miss Sunshine .
Tavi Murray is a glaciologist , one of only 8 women to have been awarded the Polar Medal .
James F. Bowman ( January 21 , 1826 -- April 29 , 1882 ) was a journalist and poet in Northern California , and a co - founder of the Bohemian Club .
Ralph Gomberg ( June 18 , 1921 - December 9 , 2006 ) was the principal ( first ) oboist of the Boston Symphony Orchestra for 37 years ( 1950 - 1987 ) .
Lee - Ann Persse is a South African rower , born in Cape Town and currently resides in Pretoria .
Thomas Lux ( born December 10 , 1946 ) is an American poet that holds the Margaret T. and Henry C. Bourne , Jr. Chair in Poetry at the Georgia Institute of Technology and runs Georgia Tech 's `` Poetry at Tech '' program .
Eric Price is an American actor , comedian and voice actor .
Morris Arkin ( October 18 , 1910 -- November 19 , 1996 ) was a Washington D.C. native and retired stockbroker whose backyard experiments in tree propagation helped expand the market for Florida - grown star fruit and macadamia nuts .
Alisha Thomas Morgan is Georgia Democratic politician .
Sean Huze ( born January 18 , 1975 ) is an American actor , screenwriter and playwright .
Marion Fresenius Fooshee ( July 27 , 1888 -- January 4 , 1956 ) was an American architect active in the Dallas , Texas ( USA ) area .
Lyudmila Mikhaylovskaya is a former Russian volleyball player for the USSR .
George Hincapie ( born June 29 , 1973 ) is an American retired road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 1994 and 2012 .
Later , he married Beatriz , the mother of his third child , José Eduardo Fialho Gouveia , who is also a television presenter ( Bairro Alto , RTP ) and journalist ( Sol ) .
Dana Goldstein is a journalist , a Bernard L. Schwartz Fellow at the New America Foundation , and a Puffin Fellow at The Nation Institute .
William Morris Meredith , Jr. ( January 9 , 1919 -- May 30 , 2007 ) was an American poet and educator .
Ross Wimer , FAIA is an American architect , known for integrating the rigor and logic of engineering into his designs .
Stasys Kropas ( born February 6 , 1953 ) is a Lithuanian politician and banker .
Viktor Pešta ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvɪktor ˈpɛʃta ) ; born July 15 , 1990 ) is a Czech mixed martial artist .
Nanci Kincaid is an American novelist who wrote a short story collection titled Pretending the Bed Is a Raft ( 1987 ) , as well as novels Crossing Blood ( 1991 ) , Balls ( 1999 ) , Verbena ( 2002 ) , and As Hot As It Was You Ought to Thank Me ( 2005 ) .
E. Thomas Wood ( born October 9 , 1963 ) is an American journalist , historian and freelance writer .
Chad Bannon ( born November 13 , 1970 ) , also credited as Chad Ullery , is an American television and movie actor .
Sheela Murthy is a lawyer , entrepreneur , and philanthropist , perhaps best known as founder and president of the Owings Mills , Maryland based Murthy Law Firm , which has been ranked as one of the world 's leading U.S. immigration law firms .
Rhianna Pratchett ( born 30 December 1976 ) is an English video game writer , narrative designer , and journalist .
Leif Fredriksson a Swedish drummer and a member of the Swedish group TRIO .
Marie Knight ( June 1 , 1925 -- August 30 , 2009 ) was an American gospel and R&B singer .
Kurt Wiesenfeld is an American physicist working primarily on non - linear dynamics .
Fernando da Costa Novaes ( April 6 , 1927 -- March 24 , 2004 ) was a Brazilian ornithologist who worked on the Amazonian bird fauna .
Emily Chantiri is an Australian freelance journalist , author and finance writer .
The Joe Bauman Home Run Award is given out annually since 2002 to the minor league baseball player with the most home runs .
Nayyar Ali Dada ( Urdu : نیر علی دادا‎ ) ( born November 11 , 1943 ) is a Pakistani architect .
Vince Anderson is an American professional mountaineer , writer and mountain guide company manager from Ridgway , Colorado .
Sigurd Einbu ( November 5 , 1866 -- May 10 , 1946 ) ( spelled Enebue at birth ) , was a Norwegian self - taught astronomer from Lesjaskog , known to have discovered a nova in the stellar constellation Gemini on March 12 , 1912 .
Ibtissam Tiskat ( Arabic : ابتسام تسكت‎ ) is a Moroccan singer , songwriter and actress who rose to popularity as a contestant in both the 2nd season of Arab Idol and the 10th season of Star Academy Arab World .
Geraldine Coutts is an Australian journalist and radio journalist .
Richard L. Crowther , FAIA ( December 16 , 1910 -- December 25 , 2006 ) was an architect and author who achieved international renown for his progressive holistic compositions , particularly his pioneering designs employing passive solar energy .
Jose Antonio Pineda is a Salvadorian poet , actor and author .
Denis George Mahan ( born June 15 , 1950 ) , better known as Deney Terrio , is an American choreographer , host of the television musical variety series Dance Fever from 1979 to 1985 .
Einar Hoidale ( August 17 , 1870 -- December 5 , 1952 ) was a Norwegian - American lawyer , newspaper editor and elected official .
Laurent Manrique ( born March 30 , 1966 ) is a French restaurateur and Michelin - starred chef .
Charles Seckford ( 1551 - 92 ) , of Great Bealings , Suffolk , was an English politician .
Jennifer Walker Elrod ( born Jennifer Leigh Walker ; September 6 , 1966 ) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit .
Haridatta ( ca . 683 CE ) was an astronomer - mathematician of Kerala , India , who is believed to be the promulgator of the Parahita system of astronomical computations .
Jonathan Chevreau - Financial Independence Hub CFO is a Canadian journalist and author .
Martin Malone was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the National Association for the 1872 Brooklyn Eckfords .
Shah Abdul Hannan ( Bengali : শাহ আবদুল হান্নান ) is a Bangladeshi Islamic philosopher , writer , economist , educator and media personality .
Suprakash Chaki is a Bengali singer , who also sings modern songs , including `` Eshona nutan jagot gori '' , `` Alo - aandharer shathei '' , `` Tomar o chokhhe '' and `` Akash jakhon natun ronge shaaje '' .
Jean - Baptiste Bethune was a Belgian architect , artisan and designer who played a pivotal role in the Belgian and Catholic Gothic Revival movement .
Shafiq Syed ( born 1976 ) is a former Indian child actor turned auto rickshaw driver .
Gunnstein Akselberg ( born July 20 , 1949 ) is a Norwegian linguist and professor of Nordic linguistics at the University of Bergen .
Frances Horovitz ( February 13 , 1938 -- October 2 , 1983 ) was an English poet and broadcaster .
Antonis Drosogiannis ( Greek : Αντώνης Δροσογιάννης , January 26 , 1922 - November 5 , 2006 ) was a Greek Army general and politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) and cabinet minister .
Marjorie Acker Phillips ( 1894 - 1985 ) was an American Impressionist painter and art collector .
Henry Madzorera is a Zimbabwean politician who was Minister of Health and Child Welfare from 2009 to 2013 .
Stuart Sikes is an American recording engineer .
Fallulah has since the summer of 2009 lived in Frederiksberg with her boyfriend , the singer Thomas Holm .
Brigadier H. A. Nihal Hapuarachchi , RSP , psc , SLE is a Sri Lankan Army officer and a military engineer , who is the current military spokesman , former Brigade Commander , 51 - 3 Brigade and Commandant , School of Military Engineering .
Josip Manolić ( pronounced ( jǒsip mǎnolit͡ɕ ) ; born 22 March 1920 ) is a Croatian politician who was Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia from 24 August 1990 to 17 July 1991 .
Henry Clay Vedder , D.D. ( February 26 , 1853 -- October 13 , 1935 ) was an American Baptist church historian .
Francis L. Urry ( January 23 , 1908 -- May 6 , 1985 ) was a Utah - based prominent radio , stage , and film actor .
Hugh Everett III ( November 11 , 1930 -- July 19 , 1982 ) was an American physicist who first proposed the many - worlds interpretation ( MWI ) of quantum physics , which he termed his `` relative state '' formulation .
Maureen Orcutt ( April 1 , 1907 -- January 9 , 2007 ) was an American amateur golfer and reporter for the New York Times .
James Glanz is an American journalist who was appointed as Baghdad bureau chief of The New York Times in 2007 .
Ram shree Ram Rudolph de Harak , also Rudy de Harak ( April 10 , 1924 -- April 24 , 2002 ) , was an American graphic designer .
Michael Lington ( born June 11 , 1969 ) is a Danish - American contemporary saxophonist , songwriter , producer and recording artist .
Rich Curtner is a criminal defense lawyer in Alaska .
Adam Latiff ( born March 24 , 1979 in Orlando , Florida ) is a lead guitarist , rhythm guitarist , songwriter , and vocalist for a number bands , most notable for Puddle of Mudd .
Harrison Ngau Laing is a Malaysian environmentalist and politician , a member of the Dayak Kayan tribe .
Grant Adamson is an Australian former rugby league player for the Gold Coast Chargers .
Concetta Kirschner ( born February 25 , 1971 ) , better known as Princess Superstar , is an American rapper and DJ . Her musical style , as she describes it , is `` flip - flop''--a mixture of hip hop , electroclash and electronica .
Dr. William Montague Cobb was a pioneering 20th - century physical anthropologist .
William Edwin Self ( June 21 , 1921 -- November 15 , 2010 ) was an American television and feature film producer who began his career as an actor .
Mario Prassinos ( 1916 - -1985 ) was a French modernist painter , printmaker , illustrator , stage designer , and writer of Greek - Italian people descent .
Marika Aychesh Carlsson , née Marika Carlsson , is a Swedish standup comedian and TV - personality .
Herb Cox ( born 1950 or 1951 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in the 2011 election .
Spencer Dryden ( April 7 , 1938 -- January 11 , 2005 ) was an American musician best known as drummer for Jefferson Airplane and New Riders of the Purple Sage .
Noam Behr ( Hebrew : נועם בר‎ ; born October 13 , 1975 ) is an Israeli professional tennis player who turned pro in 1994 .
Stephen Bayly ( born July 7 , 1942 ) is an American born film producer and director .
Jon Murray is the current head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders and Lady Raiders cross country teams .
Elana Maryles Sztokman ( born December 20 , 1969 ) is an award - winning author , sociologist , educator , activist and thinker in the field of Orthodox Jewish feminism .
John Harbottle ( born 1851 ) was a Newcastle businessman , songwriter and angler in the late 19th century .
McConkie Tauasa is a rugby league player who is contracted to the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League and the Windsor Wolves in the New South Wales Cup .
Theora Hamblett ( January 15 , 1895 -- March 6 , 1977 ) was an American painter , one of the first Mississippi folk artists to achieve national prominence .
Peter Prusa ( born February 19 , 1944 ) is a German former ice hockey player who competed for SC Dynamo Berlin .
Rosa Smith Eigenmann ( October 8 , 1858 -- January 12 , 1947 ) was an American ichthyologist , the branch of zoology devoted to the study of fish .
Roscoe Turner ( September 29 , 1895 -- June 23 , 1970 ) was a record - breaking American aviator who was a three - time winner of the Thompson Trophy air race , and widely recognized by his flamboyant style and his pet lion .
Max Lilienthal ( November 6 , 1815 -- April 6 , 1882 ) was a German - born adviser for the reform of Jewish schools in Russia and later a rabbi and proponent of Reform Judaism in the United States .
Mosè Turri ( 1837 -1903 ) was an Italian painter .
Robert J. Lang ( born May 4 , 1961 ) is an American physicist who is also one of the foremost origami artists and theorists in the world .
Morou Ouattara is an executive chef and owner of the Kora and Farrah Olivia restaurants in Arlington , VA .
Henry Stanley Plummer , M.D. ( March 3 , 1874 -- December 31 , 1936 ) was a prominent internist and endocrinologist who , along with Drs . William Mayo , Charles Mayo , Stinchfield , E. Starr Judd , Christopher Graham , and Donald Balfour founded Mayo Clinic .
Sean Hankinson ( born June 16 ) is an American actor who is known for his role as Ethan Blaine on the television soap Days of Our Lives and as series regular Ben Simmons on the Emmy Nominated internet series Prom Queen .
Mirza Ebrahim Khan Sahhafbashi was a pioneering Iranian photographer and cinematographer .
Elena Kononenko ( Russian : Елена Кононенко ) is a retired Ukrainian swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1991 European Aquatics Championships .
Daniel MacIvor ( born July , 2e 1962 ) , is a Canadian actor , playwright , theatre director , and film director .
Eric Elfman is an American writer interested in Science Fiction , Fantasy , UFOs and paranormal events .
B. J. Porter ( born May 12 , 1970 , in Dallas , Texas ) is an actor , writer and comedian .
Robert Shuster is a British judge who has been a judge on the courts of Tonga , Fiji , and Sierra Leone .
Marie Equi became one of the first 60 women to become a physician in Oregon .
Brett Atwood is a website editor , content strategist and former print and online journalist whose writings have appeared in Billboard , Rolling Stone , Vibe , Hollywood Reporter and other publications .
Robin Romm is an American writer of fiction and nonfiction .
Emil Hasler ( November 8 , 1901 -- January 15 , 1986 ) was a German art director who worked on more than a hundred films during his career .
Philipp Ruhig ( Lithuanian : Pilypas Ruigys , Latin : Philippus Ruhigius ) ( March 31 , 1675 - - June 4 , 1749 ) was a Lutheran priest from East Prussia mostly known as a philosopher and philologist , an early expert in Lithuanian language .
Hannah Moscovitch ( born June 5 , 1978 ) is a Canadian playwright who rose to national prominence in the 2000s .
Alfredo Silipigni ( April 9 , 1931 -- March 25 , 2006 ) was a conductor and specialist in lesser - known Italian operas who founded the New Jersey State Opera and ran it for four decades .
Ogtay Asadov Sabir oglu ( Azerbaijani : Oqtay Əsədov Sabir oğlu ; born January 3 , 1955 ) is an Azerbaijani politician who has served as the Speaker of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan since 2005 .
Hong Cheong ( also Hung Chiong and Hung Chong ) was a Chinese photographer who operated a photographic studio in Yokohama , Japan between 1875 and 1885 .
Mary Alicia Rhett ( February 1 , 1915 -- January 3 , 2014 ) was an American actress and portrait painter who is best remembered for her role as India Wilkes in the 1939 film Gone with the Wind .
Yukino Kikuma ( 菊間千乃 ) ( born March 5 , 1972 ) is an announcer for Fuji TV .
Canadian Interuniversity Sport and TSN present an annual Sylvia Sweeney Award to a Canadian women 's university basketball player who best exemplifies the values of athletics , academics and community involvement .
Ray Anthony ( born January 20 , 1922 ) is an American bandleader , trumpeter , songwriter and actor .
Keren Peles Toor ( Hebrew : קרן פלס טור‎ ; born March 11 , 1979 ) is an Israeli singer - songwriter and a pianist .
G. Chandler ( first name and dates of birth and death unknown ) was an English cricketer .
Charnvudth Saengsri ( Thai : ชาญวุฒิ แสงศรี ; born March 22 , 1987 ) is a Thai former swimmer , who specialized in long - distance freestyle events .
Alvin Nathaniel Joiner ( born September 18 , 1974 ) , better known by his alias Xzibit ( pronounced `` exhibit '' ) , is an American rapper , actor , television host and record producer .
Ángel María de Rosa ( February 12 , 1888 - February 26 , 1970 ) was an Argentine sculptor and philanthropist .
Christopher Hudgens ( born December 13 , 1977 in Houston , Texas ) is a noted American - born artist working in Chicago , IL .
Khadijo Mohamed Diriye ( Somali : Khadiijo Maxamed Diiriye , Arabic : خديجة محمد ديري‎ ) is a Somali politician .
Top Channel announced that the judges of this year 's The Voice of Albania will be the four most famous artists of Albania and Kosovo .
An Island Parish is a British television documentary made by Tiger Aspect Productions for BBC Two .
Dichodontocis is a genus of tree - fungus beetle in the family Ciidae
Matanui bathytaton , known commonly as the Chatham deep - water triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Matanui .
Jan Roelfs ( born 1957 in Amsterdam ) is a production designer of Dutch descent .
Agnes Ravatn ( born 8 February 1983 in Ølen ) is a Norwegian novelist , columnist and journalist .
Jokin Mújika Aramburu ( born August 22 , 1962 in Itsasondo , Guipúzcoa ) is a former professional cyclist and cyclocross - racer from the Basque Country .
Taj Sangara ( born December 10 , 1992 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American - born Canadian soccer player currently playing for CCBRT United FC in the Canadian Vancouver Metro Soccer League , after releasing by League rival Croatia SC .
Mark Rivers born 26 November 1975 in Crewe is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward from 1994 until 2006 notably for Crewe Alexandra and Norwich City .
Xabier Fernández Gaztañaga ( born October 19 , 1976 in Ibarra , Gipuzkoa , Basque Country ) is a Spanish sailor and olympic champion .
Amy Wright ( born April 15 , 1950 in Chicago ) is an American actress and former model .
Gordon Milne , was born in Preston , Lancashire , England and is the son of the former Preston player Jimmy Milne , and son to Jesse Milne .
Alice Wu was born on April 21 , 1970 and raised in San Jose , California , eventually moving to Los Altos , California where she graduated from Los Altos High School at the age of 16 .
Jody Handley ( born 12 March 1979 ) is an English former footballer from Stafford , who most recently played for FA WSL 2 club Doncaster Rovers Belles .
Emily Atef born 1973 in Berlin is a film - maker .
Jodi Shilling ( born February 4 , 1979 in California ) is an American actress who is currently best known for her recurring role as Tiffany on the Disney Channel Original Series That 's So Raven .
Yankel Feather was a British painter , ( born Liverpool 21 June 1920 ; died 18 April 2009 ) and a member of the Liverpool Academy of Arts and the Newlyn Society of Artists .
Geoffrey Howe was born in 1926 at Port Talbot , Wales , to Benjamin Edward Howe , a solicitor and coroner , and Eliza Florence ( née Thomson ) Howe .
Jann Browne ( born March 14 , 1954 in Anderson , Indiana ) is an American country singer .
Lauris Norstad was born in Minneapolis , Minnesota to a Norwegian immigrant Lutheran minister and his wife .
David Vála ( born April 17 , 1978 in Liberec ) is an amateur Czech Greco - Roman wrestler , who competed in the men 's heavyweight category .
Very Rev. Sir Richard Wrottesley , 7th Baronet ( 19 June 1721 -- 20 July 1769 ) , of Wrottesley Hall in Staffordshire , was a Member of Parliament , Anglican clergyman and Dean of Worcester .
Kamel Jdayni Houari ( born in Le Kremlin - Bicêtre on 13 May 1980 ) better known as Kamelancien later shortened into Kamelanc ' , is a francophone rapper of Moroccan origin .
Vincent Bossou ( born February 7 , 1986 in Kara ) is a Togolese football player
He was born George Selwyn Marryat on 20 June 1840 at Chewton Glen in the New Forest , Hampshire , England .
Daniel Milstein was born in Kiev , Ukraine , which was then known as the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic , part of the Soviet Union .
Avdo Palić was born in the village of Krivača in the municipality of Han Pijesak in north - eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina , Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , into a Bosniak family .
Ellen Pompeo was born in Everett , Massachusetts , the daughter of Kathleen B. ( née O'Keefe ) and Joseph E. Pompeo , a surgeon .
Mahmut Alınak ( born 1952 , Digor ( District ) , Kars , Kars Province ) , is a Turkish lawyer , author and politician , of Kurdish origin , and a former parliamentary deputy .
Erik Martin ( born January 12 , 1936 , Neuss ) is a German writer , songwriter and composer of songs .
She was born as Lida Abdullah in Kabul in 1973 , fled the country as a child during the Soviet Invasion and went on to live in Germany then the United States .
David Papineau ( born 1947 ) is a British academic philosopher , born in Como , Italy .
Wen Zhengming was born Wen Bi near present - day Suzhou on November 28 , 1470 .
Diogo Manuel Gonçalves Coelho ( born 8 July 1992 in Oeiras , Lisbon District ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Farense on loan from S.C. Braga as a left back .
Ibrahim Shoukry was born on September 22nd 1916 in Cairo to a wealthy well - reputed Egyptian family , son of Mahmoud Pasha Shoukry .
Ludwig Kohl - Larsen ( born Ludwig Kohl , April 5 , 1884 in Landau in der Pfalz -- November 12 , 1969 in Bodensee ) was a German physician , amateur anthropologist , and explorer .
Markus Maria Profitlich ( born March 25 , 1960 in Bonn ) is a German comedian and actor who was a cast member of Die Wochenshow between 1999 and 2001 .
The Teresa Carreño Cultural Complex in Caracas is named after her , as is a crater on Venus .
Born in Leicester to the Methodist minister Reverend Montgomery Rees and his wife Catharine Millar , John Rawlings Rees experienced frequent relocations during his early life as his father moved from manse to manse .
Christa Faust ( born June 21 , 1969 , in New York City ) is an American author who writes original novels , as well as novelizations and media tie - ins .
Cinzia Massironi ( born October 28 , 1966 in Legnano ) is an Italian voice actress and actress .
Maria Flor was born in Laranjeiras , Rio de Janeiro , Rio de Janeiro state .
Wilhelmina Iwanowska ( 1905 , Vilnius -- 1999 ) was a Polish astronomer .
Peter Velits ( born 21 February 1985 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak professional road racing cyclist for the BMC Racing Team .
Christine Piper was born in Seoul , South Korea in 1979 , to an Australian father and a Japanese mother .
Rampal was born Rampal Singh Jatin in Dhanana , a village in the Gohana tehsil of Sonepat district , Punjab ( part of Haryana since 1966 ) .
Fred Hoaglin , ( born January 28 , 1944 , in Alliance , Ohio ) was a center in the NFL from 1966 to 1976 .
Adil Zulfikarpašić was born in Foča , a town along the Drina river in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia ( now Bosnia and Herzegovina ) .
Lyn Meyer ( born 21 November 1994 in Wolfenbüttel ) is a German football striker currently playing for Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga .
Heinrich Lambert Wilhelm Hauchecorne ( 13 August 1828 - 15 January 1900 ) was a German geologist of French Huguenot parentage who was born in Aachen .
Han Xuegeng ( Chinese : 韩学庚 ; born 10 July 1989 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Dalian Aerbin .
Robert Edward Edmondson ( 1872 in Dayton , Ohio -- 1959 ) was an anti - Jewish pamphleteer and a defendant in the Great Sedition Trial of 1944 .
Guido Vecchiola Arellano ( born November 16 , 1973 , Chañaral ) , is a popular Chilean actor in soap opera and film .
Harry Dexter White was born in Boston , Massachusetts , the seventh and youngest child of Jewish Lithuanian immigrants , Joseph Weit and Sarah Magilewski , who had settled in America in 1885 .
Yves Bolduc ( born March 6 , 1957 in Alma , Quebec ) is a doctor and politician in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Roxanne Starr was born in Paris , France and came to New York City at the age of two .
Yang Xiaotian ( simplified Chinese : 杨笑天 ; traditional Chinese : 楊笑天 ; pinyin : Yáng Xiàotiān ; born 26 March 1990 in Xi'an ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Sainty in the Chinese Super League .
Rachel Messerer was born in Vilnius into the Lithuanian Jewish family of dentist Mikhail Messerer and his wife Sima Shabad , and was one of nine children .
Milorad Stanulov ( born 20 February 1953 in Zrenjanin ) is a Serbian rower who competed for Yugoslavia .
Nathan McCall ( born 1955 ) is an African - American author who grew up in the Cavalier Manor section of Portsmouth , Virginia .
Epps , the eldest son of John Epps ( see Epps family ) , was born into a Calvinist family in Sevenoaks , Kent in 1805 .
Leon Lopez ( born 30 August 1979 in Liverpool ) is an English actor , singer - songwriter and occasional model , best known for playing the role of Jerome Johnson in the Channel 4 soap opera Brookside from 1998 to 2002 .
Carlos Pesina ( born 1968 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American martial artist and employee of NetherRealm Studios .
Rear Admiral William A. Brockett ( born 22 February 1914 in Illinois ) raised in Litchfield and New London , Connecticut .
Ferdinand Janner ( February 4 , 1836 -- November 1 , 1895 ) was a German theologian from Hirschau in the Upper Palatinate .
George St Patrick Lawrence was born at Trincomalee , Ceylon , on 17 March 1804 , and was educated at Foyle College , Derry .
Josef Vejvoda ( born 13 July 1945 , Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech composer , percussionist , conductor and bandleader .
Born in São José dos Campos , São Paulo , Casemiro was a product of São Paulo FC 's youth system .
Roger M. Milgrim ( born March 22 , 1937 , in New York City ) is an intellectual property lawyer , and the author of two multivolume law treatises :
Maria José Marques da Silva ( 1914 - -1996 ) was a Portuguese architect who , like her celebrated father , designed buildings in her native city of Porto .
Otto Gottlieb Mohnike ( July 27 , 1814 - January 26 , 1887 ) was a German physician and naturalist who was a native of Stralsund .
Oreste Rizzini ( March 27 , 1940 -- March 18 , 2008 ) was an Italian actor and voice dubber , born in Milan .
Márcio de Oliveira Barros ( born February 7 , 1981 in Rio de Janeiro - died April 21 , 2012 in São Paulo ) was a Brazilian footballer who played for Atlético Sorocaba and Taubaté .
Khadzhimurad Magomedov ( born 24 February 1974 , Makhachkala , Dagestan ASSR ) is a Russian wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling .
Marion Josserand ( born October 6 , 1986 in Saint - Martin d'Hères ) is a French Olympic athlete in ski cross .
Peter Balette ( Heusden , 11 April 1961 ) is a Belgian soccer coach .
Emmanuel Krontiris ( born 11 February 1983 in Hanover ) is a Greek - German football player who currently plays for TSV Grafing .
Elmer Bedia played for Barotac Nuevo in the defunct National Football League .
William Crowninshield Endicott , son of William P. and Mary ( Putnam ) Endicott , was born in Salem , Massachusetts .
Kelly Joe Phelps ( born October 5 , 1959 , Sumner , Washington , United States ) is an American musician and songwriter .
Albert Mayr ( Bolzano , 1943 ) is an Italian composer of experimental and contemporary music .
Mohammad Khakpour ( Persian : محمد خاکپور‎‎ , born February 20 , 1969 in Tehran ) is a retired Iranian football player .
Lorenzo Tio Jr. ( 1893 - -1933 ) was a master clarinetist from New Orleans , as were his father Lorenzo Tio Sr . ( 1867 - -1908 ) and uncle Louis `` Papa '' Tio ( 1862 - -1922 ) .
Giada Gallina ( Montebelluna , 1 December 1973 ) is an Italian former sprinter .
Isabella Sophie Tweddle ( born 27 May 1999 ) , who performs under the stage name Billie Marten , is a singer - songwriter and musician from Ripon in North Yorkshire .
Egidijus Valavičius ( born December 23 , 1978 ) is a Lithuanian mixed martial artist from Marijampolė .
Born in Recife , Augusto da Silva studied at the seminary in Olinda before being ordained to the priesthood on March 5 , 1899 .
Darío Pereyra started his career at the Nacional de Montevideo and debuted at the Uruguay national squad when he was only 18 , becoming the captain of the national team at 19 .
Robert Francis Scharff ( 1858 in Leeds -- 1934 in Worthing ) was an British zoologist , known for his life time of work in Ireland and contributions to the understanding of Irish flora and fauna .
Mark Critch is a Canadian comedian ; he was born in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador .
Jacques Calonne ( born 1930 in Mons ) is a Belgian artist , composer , singer , actor , logogramist , and writer .
Henry Vollmer ( July 28 , 1867 - August 25 , 1930 ) was an attorney , the mayor of Davenport , Iowa , and a Democratic U.S. Representative from Iowa 's 2nd congressional district .
Joseph William Guyton ( June 10 , 1889 -- May 24 , 1918 ) was the first American soldier killed on German - held soil during World War I. Private Guyton was from the small town of Evart , Michigan .
Johnny Martino ( born May 5 , 1937 ) is an actor who was born and raised in Brooklyn , New York .
Kevin Tillman ( born January 24 , 1978 in San Jose , California ) is an American anti--
Fairman Rogers ( November 15 , 1833 -- August 22 , 1900 ) was an American civil engineer , educator , and philanthropist , born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Federal Vanderburgh was born in Beekman , New York on May 11 , 1788 .
Cristian Raimondi ( born 30 April 1981 in San Giovanni Bianco , Lombardy ) is an Italian football midfielder who currently plays for Serie A side Atalanta .
Benazir Bhutto was born at Karachi 's Pinto Hospital on 21 June 1953 .
A member of the noble house associated with Bürresheim Castle , Emmerich Joseph von Breidbach zu Bürresheim was born in Koblenz on November 12 , 1707 .
Jürgen Schmidhuber ( born 17 January 1963 in Munich ) is a German computer scientist and artist known for his work on machine learning , Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) , artificial neural networks , digital physics , and low - complexity art . His contributions also include generalizations of Kolmogorov complexity and the Speed Prior .
Dan Mircea Geoană ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈmirt͡ʃe̯a ˈd͡ʒe̯o̯anə ) ; born July 14 , 1958 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian politician , who served as president of the upper chamber of the Romanian Parliament , the Senate from December 20 , 2008 until he was revoked by the senators on November 23 , 2011 .
Sir Ashutosh Mukherjee was born on 29 June 1864 at Bowbazar , Kolkata to Jagattarini Devi and Ganga Prasad Mukherjee , a well known doctor who founded the South Sub Urban School in Calcutta .
Giovanni Amelino - Camelia ( born 14 December 1965 , Naples ) is an Italian physicist of the University of Rome La Sapienza who works on quantum gravity .
Vicci Laine ( born May 28 , 1960 , Tacoma , Washington , United States ) is the stage name of an American transgender stage performer , singer , HIV / AIDS fundraiser , and activist .
Syed Noor ( Punjabi , Urdu : ‎ ) is a Pakistani film director based in Lahore .
Frans van Dooren ( 2 November 1934 , Ravenstein -- 6 July 2005 , Oss ) was a Dutch translator of Italian and Latin literature .
Wilhelm Leichum ( May 12 , 1911 , Neu - Isenburg , Grand Duchy of Hesse -- July 19 , 1941 , Gorky ) was a German athlete who competed mainly in the long jump and 100 metres .
Sol Hoʻopiʻi ( Hawaiian pronunciation : ( ˌhoʔoˈpiʔi ) ) ( 1902 - -16 November 1953 ) was born Solomon Hoʻopiʻi Kaʻaiʻai in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Jonathan Monaghan ( born September 14 , 1986 in Rockaway Beach , Queens , New York ) is an American computer animator and artist .
William Shawn was born in Chicago , Illinois , the son of Benjamin T. Chon , a well - to - do cutlery merchant of Central European origin , and Anna Bransky Chon .
Can Togay ( ˈdʒan ˈtoɡaj ) , also known as János Can Togay ( ˈjaːnos ) at times , ( Budapest , August 27 , 1955 -- ) is an award - winning Hungarian film director , screenwriter , actor , poet , producer , cultural manager and cultural diplomate .
Gail Porter ( born 23 March 1971 , Edinburgh ) is a Scottish television presenter , television personality , former model and actress .
Eugene Braunwald ( born August 15 , 1929 in Vienna , Austria ) is an American cardiologist .
Nasser Givehchi ( Persian : ناصر گیوه چی‎‎ , born November 12 , 1932 Tehran ) is an Iranian wrestler .
Tom Constanten ( born March 19 , 1944 , Long Branch , New Jersey , United States ) is an American keyboardist , best known for playing with Grateful Dead from 1968 to 1970 .
Gerald Levinson ( born June 22 , 1951 in Westport , Connecticut ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music .
Hans Karl - Friedrich Beringer ( born 7 January 1948 , in Neuendettelsau ) is a German choral and orchestral conductor , who was from 1978 to 2011 the conductor of the Windsbacher Knabenchor .
Joseph P. LaCombe ( born October 9 , 1932 in Brooklyn , New York ) is a retired American businessman and owner of Joseph LaCombe Stable Inc. , a Thoroughbred horse racing stable .
Michael Reese Hoffa ( born Maurice Antawn Chism ; October 8 , 1977 in Evans , Georgia ) is an American shot putter .
Mykola Medin ( born 4 May 1972 in Nikopol ) is an Ukrainian and professional football coach and a former player .
Márcio Miranda Freitas Rocha da Silva or simply Marcinho ( born March 20 , 1981 in Campinas ) is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Amparo .
Friedrich Freiherr Kress von Kressenstein ( April 24 , 1870 -- October 16 , 1948 ) was a German General from Nuremberg .
Firat Arslan ( Turkish : Fırat Arslan born on 28 September 1970 in Friedberg ) is a German professional boxer of Turkish descent best known for winning the WBA title in Cruiserweight division at the age of 37 .
Edyta Bartosiewicz ( born January 11 , 1965 in Warsaw ) is a Polish rock singer , composer , and songwriter .
Mary Lavin was born in East Walpole , Massachusetts in 1912 , the only child of Tom and Nora Lavin , an immigrant Irish couple .
Shahab Paranj ( Persian شهاب پارنج ) ( b.1983 , Tehran ) is a composer of contemporary classical music based in New York City .
John Rothenstein was born in London in 1901 , the son of Sir William Rothenstein .
Helena Vondráčková ( born 24 June 1947 , Prague ) is a Czech singer whose career has spanned five decades .
Odd Børre Sørensen ( born 9 August 1939 in Harstad ) was a former Norwegian pop singer .
Rabee Sufyani ( Arabic : ربيع سفياني ; born 26 January 1987 in Riyadh ) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al - Nassr .
Alessia Orla ( born 5 April 1992 in Venaria Reale , Provincia di Torino ) is an Italian professional triathlete , national youth champion of the year 2006 and junior champion of the year 2009 .
Born in Cincinnati , Ohio , Marion Leonard began working in live theatre until the age of twenty - seven when she was signed by American Mutoscope and Biograph Company .
Benjamin Nicaise ( born 28 September 1980 , in Maisons - Alfort ) is a retired French football player .
Shen Wei ( simplified Chinese : 沈伟 ; traditional Chinese : 沈偉 ; pinyin : shěn wěi ) is a Chinese - born American choreographer , visual artist and director who resides in New York City .
Osmar Schindler ( December 22 , 1867 -- June 19 , 1927 ) was a German painter belonging to the Dresden Academy school of artists .
Margaret Major Cleaves ( born February 13 , 1946 in Texas , United States ) is popular writer of over 45 romance novels since 1980 as her real name and under the pseudonym Ann Major .
Karl Ledersteger ( 11 November 1900 , in Vienna -- 24 September 1972 , near Vienna ) was an important geodesist and geophysicist .
Sujata Massey is a mystery writer born 1964 in Sussex , England who emigrated with her family to the United States at the age of 5 .
Richard Binder is described as having been born in either Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , or Germany .
Aldo Pancheri ( born Trento , 20 May 1940 ) is an Italian painter and printmaker .
Christof - Sebastian Klitz ( born September 8 , 1959 in Hamburg ) is the Head of the Volkswagen Representative Office in Brussels and Board Member of the European Movement International .
Avishay Cohen ( Hebrew : אבישי כהן‎ ; born 19 June 1995 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Beitar Jerusalem .
Cornelis van Dalem ( 1530/35 -- 1573 or 1576 ) was a Flemish painter and draughtsman active in Antwerp in the middle of the 16th century and an important contributor to the development of landscape art in the Low Countries .
Arnold Büscher ( 16 December 1899 , Bad Oeynhausen -- 2 August 1949 ) was a German SS officer .
Michael Ballack was born in Görlitz , a town in Saxony , Germany , near the Polish border .
Leonard Katzman was born in New York City , New York on September 2 , 1927 , and began his career in the 1940s , while still in his teens , working as an assistant director for his uncle , Hollywood producer Sam Katzman .
Mrs . India WorldWide Workshop on Emotional Freedom and Speech Acting Workshop at NBA Group of Institutions Acting Workshop At IIT Guwahati Acting Workshop At Asian Academy of Film & Television Gaurav Nanda 's Acting Workshop At Times Education Boutique 2015 Gaurav Nanda Conducts Workshop At LiveWire Delhi
Vinaya Prasad hails from Udupi district of Karnataka state .
Horace Manning Haynes ( born : Lyminster , Sussex- d 3 March 1957 , Epsom , England ) ( often credited as H. Manning Haynes ) was a British - born film director and actor .
Alfred Corn was born in Bainbridge , Georgia in 1943 and raised in Valdosta , Georgia .
Gabriella Dorio ( born 27 June 1957 in Veggiano , Veneto ) is an Italian former athlete and Olympic gold winner .
Ian Workman ( born 13 November 1962 , Liverpool ) is a former English footballer who played in The Football League for Chester City .
Martin Niemöller was born in Lippstadt , then in the Prussian Province of Westphalia ( now in North Rhine - Westphalia ) , on 14 January 1892 to the Lutheran pastor Heinrich Niemöller and his wife Pauline ( née Müller ) , and grew up in a very conservative home .
Scott Colcombe ( born 15 December 1971 in West Bromwich ) is an English former professional footballer .
Although born in Burbank , California , Tommy Cole grew up in the Los Angeles suburb of La Cañada .
Louis Munzinger ( born November 25 , 1851 New York City ) was an American businessman and politician from New York .
Sergio Azzolini ( Bolzano , 1967 ) is an Italian bassoonist and music conductor .
Iuliu Hossu was born on 30 January 1885 in Milaș in Austria - Hungary to Ioan Hossu and Victoria Măriuţiu .
James Arness was born James King Aurness in Minneapolis , Minnesota ; on May 26 , 1923 ; he dropped the `` u '' when he started acting .
Dr. Mohammad Shahidehpour is a Carl Bodine Distinguished Professor and Chairman in the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Illinois Institute of Technology .
Archpriest Andrei Pavlovich Ablameyko ( Belarusian : Андрэй Паўлавіч Абламейка ; born 30 April 1970 , Minsk , Belarus ) is a Belarusian Greek Catholic priest .
Matt Ford , better known as DJ Format ( a near - inversion of his birth name ) , is a hip hop DJ born in Southampton , England who lives in Brighton .
Elvijs Misāns ( born 8 April 1989 in Sigulda ) is a Latvian athlete usually competing in long jump .
Roberta Jymme Schourop ( born April 7 , 1943 , Monterey Park , California ) , better known as Roberta Shore , is an American actress and performer , most famous for her youthful television and movie roles in the 1950s and early 1960s .
Giacomo Nani ( 1698 in Porto Ercole -- 1755 in Naples ) was an Italian painter , mainly of still - life paintings and of porcelain .
Lionello Manfredonia ( Italian pronunciation : ( ljoˈnɛllo maɱfreˈdɔːnja ) born 27 November 1956 in Rome ) is a former Italian footballer .
Alessandro Ferrero La Marmora ( March 27 , 1799 in Turin , Piedmont -- June 7 , 1855 ) was an Italian general who is best remembered for founding the military unit known as the Bersaglieri .
Martin Mejstřík ( born 30 May 1962 in Kolín ) is a Czech politician and human rights activist .
Leila Rajabi ( Persian : لیلا رجبی‎‎ , born Tatsiana Ilyushchanka on 18 April 1983 in Vitebsk , Belarus ) is a Naturalized Iranian shot putter of Belarusian origin .
Eleanor Coppola was born Eleanor Jessie Neil , on May 4 , 1936 , in Los Angeles , California .
Dong Kingman was born Dong Moy Shu in Oakland , California , the son of Chinese immigrants from Hong Kong .
Born in Paris under the name of Jacques Charles Dufresnoy , she took the stage name Coccinelle ( French for `` Ladybug '' ) -- when she entered show business , making her debut as a transgender showgirl in 1953 at Chez Madame Arthur .
Björn Kircheisen ( born 6 August 1983 in Erlabrunn ) is a German nordic combined athlete who has competed since 2000 .
He is founder and president of Carroll Roberson Ministries in Ripley , Mississippi , where he lives with his wife Donna .
George Hunt Barton was born in Sudbury , Massachusetts on 8 July 1852 to George Washington Barton ( 1824 - 1894 ) and Mary Susan ( Hunt ) Barton ( 1828 - 1863 ) .
Roland Muldoon , born , in between air - raid warnings in 1941 in Weybridge , Surrey .
Julia Hamari was born in Budapest , where she received her vocal training with Fatime Martins and Jenö Sipos .
Leonardo Barnjak ( born 31 January 1984 in Bugojno ) is a Bosnian Croat football striker who plays for TSV St. Johann in the Austrian Regional League West .
Carol Birch ( born Manchester , 1951 ) is an English novelist .
Augustin Kubizek ( Vienna , 15 October 1918 - 24 March 2009 ) was an Austrian choir conductor and composer .
Azizi Johari ( born August 24 , 1948 in New York City ) is an American model and actress .
Acusilaus or Akousilaos ( Greek : Ἀκουσίλαος ) of Argos , son of Cabas or Scabras , was a Greek logographer and mythographer who lived in the latter half of the 6th century BC but whose work survives only in fragments and summaries of individual points .
Chano Domínguez ( born Sebastián Domínguez Lozano ; 29 March 1960 , Cádiz ) is a Spanish Latin jazz , post bop and flamenco pianist .
Muriel Degauque ( July 19 , 1967 - -November 9 , 2005 ) was a Belgian woman from Charleroi and a convert to Islam .
Eric Villency ( born June 10 , 1975 in New York City , New York ) is the CEO of Villency Design Group , an interior and product design firm .
Juan Pablo Barcia Vegadeo ( born September 1976 ) is a Spanish disability rower , powerlifter and wheelchair basketball player .
Friedrich Welwitsch was born at Maria Saal ( Slovene : Gospa Sveta ) , Duchy of Carinthia , Austrian Empire , to the wealthy family of Joseph Anton Welwich , a local judicial officer and town councillor of Salzburg , and Genovefa Mayr .
Driss Chraïbi ( July 15 , 1926 , El Jadida -- April 1 , 2007 , Drôme , France ) was a Moroccan author whose novels deal with colonialism , culture clashes , generational conflict and the treatment of women and are often semi - autobiographical .
Pierre Seron is a Belgian comic book artist born in Chênée ( Liège ) on 9 February 1942 .
Eva Röse ( born 16 October 1973 in Vårberg ) is a Swedish actress and television host .
Salah Hamouri was born on 25 April 1985 in Jerusalem to a French mother , Denise Hamouri - Guidoux , from Bourg - en - Bresse ( Ain ) , who teaches French in Jerusalem , and a Palestinian father , Hassan Hamouri , who manages a restaurant in Eastern Jerusalem .
John Elias was born at Abererch near Pwllheli on 6 May 1774 as John Jones .
Jet Boeke ( born October 28 , 1948 , Wageningen ) is a Dutch children 's author and illustrator .
Ophellas or Ophelas of Pella in Macedonia was later a king of Cyrene ; his father 's name was Silenus .
Daryl Hoole is an author and public speaker from Salt Lake City , Utah .
Deacon John Moore ( born June 23 , 1941 , New Orleans , Louisiana ) better known as Deacon John is a blues , rhythm and blues and rock and roll musician , singer , actor , and bandleader .
Frauke Finsterwalder ( born December 15 , 1975 in Hamburg ) is a German film director and screenwriter .
Bjarne Solbakken ( born 18 May 1977 ) is a retired Norwegian alpine skier from Stranda who has competed at the Olympics , World Championships and the World Cup .
Gordon Peter Wilkinson , known professionally as Gordon Peters ( born 29 November 1926 in Durham ) is a British television actor .
Born in San Gabriel , California , the second of three children , Susan Atkins grew up in northern California .
Monty Holmes ( born in Lubbock , Texas ) is an American country music singer - songwriter .
Eşref Hamamcıoğlu ( born in Istanbul in 1954 ) is a Turkish entrepreneur , venture capitalist , and investor .
Arsen Avetisyan ( Armenian : Արսեն Ավետիսյան , born 8 October 1973 in Yerevan ) is a retired Armenian footballer .
Bert Heller was born in Aachen , where in 1927 he enrolled for three years as a student at the Fine Arts Academy ( as the institution was known at the time ) .
Annichen Kringstad ( b. 15 July 1960 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Swedish orienteer .
Fletcher Sibthorp was born in Hertfordshire , England and studied Illustration at Kingston University ( then known as Kingston Polytechnic ) , graduating with Honours in 1989 .
Lucy Skaer ( born 1 January 1975 ) is a contemporary and internationally exhibiting Scottish artist born in Cambridge .
Mamadou Keïta ( born 20 October 1947 in Bamako , death 9 April 2008 ) was a Malian professional football player and manager .
Murray Perahia was born in the Bronx borough of New York City to a family of Sephardi Jewish origin .
He left Leeds University to join the family firm , Kingfisher ( Lubrication ) Ltd. In 1960 he left the firm to set up his own company , Denys Fisher Engineering , in Leeds .
Jean - Marc Luisada ( born 3 June 1958 ) is a French pianist born in Bizerte , Tunisia .
He is also the creative force and front - man of Asaf Avidan & the Mojos , a folk rock band that he established in 2006 in Jerusalem .
Susan Douglas Rubes ( 13 March 1925 - 23 January 2013 ) , also Susan Douglas Rubeš , was a Vienna - born Canadian actress and producer .
Miloš Đorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Ђорђевић ; born 7 June 1992 in Kragujevac ) is a Serbian football Striker who last played for RNK Split in the Prva HNL .
Hubert Vos ( February 15 , 1855 -- 1935 ) was a Dutch painter who was born in Maastricht .
Charles B. G. Murphy was a pioneer and philanthropist in psychiatry who was born in 1906 in Suffolk County , Massachusetts .
Andrew Kaufman ( born Wingham , Ontario ) is a Canadian writer , film director , and radio producer .
Miguel Coyula Aquino ( born March 31 , 1977 in Havana ) is a Cuban filmmaker and writer .
Trond - Arne Bredesen ( born February 4 , 1967 in Gran ) is a Norwegian nordic combined from 1986 to 1991 , representing Gran IL in Hadeland .
Dejan Govedarica ( Serbian : Дејан Говедарица , born October 2 , 1969 in Zrenjanin ) is a Serbian former football player .
Veronika Halder ( born October 14 , 1980 in Hall in Tirol ) is an Austrian luger who has competed since 2000 .
Franz Nikolaus Finck ( 26 June 1867 -- 4 May 1910 ) was a German philologist , born in Krefeld .
Francisco Minà Palumbo ( 14 March 1814 , Castelbuono -- 12 March 1899 ) was an Italian naturalist who made the first significant studies of the natural history of Sicily .
Vigen Zeinali ( Persian : ویگن زینعلی‎‎ ; born in Tehran ) is a retired Iranian Armenian football player who played for Ararat Tehran and Esteghlal Tehran .
Born in Saharanpur ( Uttar Pradesh , India ) , Inaamulhaq first appeared on stage at the age of twelve .
Deep Ng is a Hong Kong singer - songwriter and actor .
Leroy Rosenior ( born 24 August 1964 in Balham , London ) is an English professional football coach and pundit .
Guillaume Peltier ( born August 27 , 1976 in Paris ) , is a French politician and business leader .
Lu Houmin was born on 9 September 1928 in Yilan County to a Han family , Heilongjiang Province .
Areski Belkacem , also known simply as Areski , is a French singer , multi - instrumentalist , comedian and composer born on January 23 , 1940 in Versailles .
Natalia Przybysz ( born September 1 , 1983 in Warsaw ) , also known as Natu or N'Talia , is a Polish R&B singer .
Sadaf Malaterre is a Pakistani fashion designer who has been running her eponymous label in Karachi , Pakistan since 2005 .
Avraham Rosenstein , later Avraham Even - Shoshan , was born in Minsk , Belarus in 1906 .
Arílson de Paula Nunes , better known as Paulo Nunes ( born October 30 , 1971 in Pontalina , Goiás ) , is a former Brazilian football player .
Christoph Ernst Friedrich von Forcade de Biaix ( born 17 September 1821 in Büren near Paderborn ; died 18 July 1891 at Schloss Reckenberg , in Lichtenfels , Hesse ) was a German Rittergut owner , Appellate Court Judge in Hamm , Supreme Court Judge in Berlin and Member of parliament in the German Reichstag .
Thomas N. Morahan ( 29 June 1906 - 1969 , London , England ) was a British film designer nominated for an Oscar for the film Sons and Lovers .
Arif Alvi ( عارف علوی ) ( born 29 August 1949 in Karachi ) is a Pakistani politician , dentist and a parliamentarian .
K. G. Markose is an Indian playback singer from Kerala .
Éric Poulat ( born 8 September 1963 in Bron , Rhône ) is a French retired football referee and computer scientist , who has been a referee since 1 January 1999 .
Rory Prendergast ( born 6 April 1978 in Pontefract , West Yorkshire ) is an English footballer who began his career at Frickley Athletic and most notably played for Blackpool , Barnsley and York City .
Born in Riga , Anna Krauja was elected International Mini Miss in a competition at the Latvian National Theatre in 1993 and was the first Latvian child to win this award .
Régis Laconi ( born 8 July 1975 in Saint - Dizier , Haute - Marne ) is a French former professional motorcycle racer .
Lee Hoffman , born Shirley Bell Hoffman , ( August 14 , 1932 , Chicago , Illinois -- February 6 , 2007 , Port Charlotte , Florida ) was an American science fiction fan , an editor of early folk music fanzines , and an author of science fiction , Western and romance novels .
Steven O'Dor ( born 28 January 1987 ) in Melbourne is a retired Australian footballer .
John Conlee was born August 11 , 1946 , on a tobacco farm in Versailles , Kentucky .
David Cupák ( born 27 May 1989 in Brno ) is a Czech futsal player , currently playing for KAJOT Helas Brno .
Firmin Didot was born in Paris into a family of printers founded by François Didot , the father of 11 children .
Yuridia Francisca Gaxiola Flores ( born October 4 , 1986 , in Hermosillo , Sonora ) is a popular Mexican singer who gained international fame by coming 2nd place in the hit reality show La Academia .
Martin Sexton ( 1966 ) is an American singer - songwriter and producer originally from Syracuse , New York .
Roger W. Schvaneveldt ( born April 11 , 1941 in Logan , Utah ) is an American experimental psychologist with a focus on basic and applied research in cognitive psychology .
Jeremy Bernstein ( born December 31 , 1929 in Rochester , New York ) is an American theoretical physicist and science essayist .
Troy Ruttman ( born March 11 , 1930 in Mooreland , Oklahoma -- May 19 , 1997 ) was an American race car driver .
Pavel Cristian Balaj ( born August 17 , 1971 in Baia Mare ) is a Romanian football , referee and former player .
Dan Laustsen ( born 1954 ) is a Danish cinematographer who was born in Aalborg .
Yeshayahu Leibowitz was born in Riga , Russian Empire ( now in Latvia ) in 1903 , to a religious and Zionist family .
David Robidoux ( from Reading , Pennsylvania ) is an American score composer .
Dennis Patrick Harrison was born March 14 , 1918 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to a family of Irish descent .
Joseph Aloys Schmittbaur was born in Bamberg and received his musical education from the organ builder of the Würzburg court Johann Philipp Seuffert .
Gökhan Kırdar , born on June 2 , 1970 in Aydın , is a Turkish musician and film score composer .
Don Roff ( born December 13 , 1966 , in Walla Walla , Washington ) is a writer and filmmaker .
Daniel Lévi was born in Constantine , French Algeria into a Jewish family .
Oleksandr Suchu ( Ukrainian : Олександр Володимирович Сучу ) born 22 February 1990 in Sevastopol , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union , now Ukraine ) , is a Ukrainian footballer , who is currently playing for Moldovan club Iskra - Stal .
Marla Olmstead ( born 2000 in Binghamton , New York ) is a painter of abstract art who by the age of four had attracted international media attention for her work .
Cheng Xiaopeng was born in Jinan , Shandong where he initially started out as a forward with his good friend and fellow footballer Han Peng who was at the Shandong Luneng youth team .
Mahmut Yılmaz ( born October 6 , 1979 ) is a German footballer who is currently playing for UH - Adler Hamburg in the Bezirksliga Hamburg , the seventh tier of German football .
The oldest of six children , Wells Coates was born in Tokyo , Japan on December 17 , 1895 to Methodist missionaries Sarah Agnes Wintemute Coates ( 1864 - -1945 ) and Harper Havelock Coates ( 1865 - -1934 ) .
Suzi Brent is an emergency medical dispatcher for London Ambulance Service and is the author of the blog Nee Naw .
Ni Yusong started his career with Dalian Shide F.C. and was loaned out to their youth team called Dalian Shide Siwu FC who were allowed to take part in Singapore 's 2008 S.League .
Pietro Acquarone ( born 23 January 1917 in Taggia ) was a professional Italian football player .
Floyd Allen ( July 5 , 1856 -- March 28 , 1913 ) was an American landowner and patriarch of the Allen clan of Carroll County , Virginia .
Richard Sennett grew up in the Cabrini Green housing project in Chicago , in a family of Russian emigres .
Gertrudis Gómez de Avellaneda y Arteaga was born on March 23 , 1814 , in Santa María de Puerto Príncipe , which was often referred to simply as Puerto Príncipe and which is now known as Camagüey .
Per Mellesmo ( 15 September 1919 , in Vågå -- 3 May 1993 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party .
Óscar Sánchez Fuentes ( born 19 December 1979 in Murcia ) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played usually as a left back .
Gabriel Scott Jensen was born in Leith in Scotland as the son of sailors ' priest Svend Holst Jensen and his wife writer and composer Caroline Mathilde Schytte .
Eleni Mandell ( born in Los Angeles , California ) is an American singer - songwriter .
Fritzi Haberlandt ( born 6 June 1975 , East - Berlin ) is a German actress .
Marvin L. Cohen ( born Montreal on March 3 , 1935 ) is a Canadian - born American physicist .
Susanne Ayoub ( born 1956 in Baghdad ) is an Austrian - Iraqi writer , journalist and filmmaker .
Bas van Dooren ( born 25 August 1973 in Oss ) is a former Dutch mountain biker .
Maurice Karnaugh ( born October 4 , 1924 , in New York City ) is an American physicist known for the Karnaugh map used in Boolean algebra .
Derrick Gardner ( born June 3 , 1965 ) is an American jazz trumpeter from Chicago , Illinois .
Àlex Simón i Casanovas ( born 1960 in Gràcia neighbourhood of Barcelona ) is a Catalonian mountain guide , climbing teacher and outdoor instructor .
Jean - Louis de Lolme or Delolme ( 1740 -- 16 July 1806 ) was a Swiss and English political theorist and writer on constitutional matters , born in the then semi - independent city of Geneva .
József Szabó de Szentmiklós ( March 14 , 1822 -- April 12 , 1894 ) , Hungarian geologist , was born at Kalocsa .
Małgorzata Wojtkowiak ( born January 30 , 1982 in Poznań ) is a Polish foil fencer , team world champion in 2003 and 2007 and individual bronze medallist at the 2008 European Championships .
Elise Blackwell ( born July 18 , 1964 ) is an American novelist , born in Austin , Texas and raised primarily in southern Louisiana .
Tadej Valjavec ( born April 13 , 1977 in Kranj ) is a Slovenian former professional road bicycle racer , who last competed for the Sava team .
Eugert Zhupa ( born 4 April 1990 , in Rrogozhinë ) is an Albanian cyclist riding for the Southeast Pro Cycling team .
James Henry Deese was born on September 23 , 1914 in Graceville , Florida , of Lumbee Indian parentage and among the Scott Town Indian Community , to William Lawrence Deese and Maria Isabella Hand of North Carolina .
Cao Haiqing ( Chinese : 曹海清 ; born 28 September 1993 in Wuhan ) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League .
Andrea del Verrocchio ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈdrɛːa del verˈrɔkkjo ) ; c. 1435 -- 1488 ) , born Andrea di Michele di Francesco de ' Cioni , was an Italian painter , sculptor , and goldsmith who was master of an important workshop in Florence .
Mark Setlock ( born June 26 , 1968 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American actor and playwright living in New York , NY .
David Bull was born in Farnborough , to Richard and Pauline Bull , moving to Framlingham , Suffolk at the age of four with his siblings Anthony and Katie .
Alfredo Bongusto ( born 6 April 1935 in Campobasso ) , known by his stage name Fred Bongusto , is an Italian light music singer and songwriter who was very popular in the 1960s and 1970s .
Bif Naked was born in New Delhi to teenaged parents attending private school .
Józef Glemp was born in Inowrocław on 18 December 1929 as a son of Kazimierz Glemp and Salomea Kośmicka , and was baptized the same day .
Mourad Didouche , nicknamed si Abdelkader , was born on July 13 , 1927 at El Mouradia in Algiers in a family originally from the village of Ibskriène , Aghribs in Kabylia .
Folquet de Marselha , alternatively Folquet de Marseille , Foulques de Toulouse , Fulk of Toulouse ( c. 1150 -- 25 December 1231 ) came from a Genoese merchant family who lived in Marseille .
John Wilfred Rostron , often known as Wilf Rostron ( born 29 September 1956 in Sunderland ) , is an English former footballer who spent ten years at Watford as well as playing for Arsenal , Sunderland , Sheffield Wednesday , Sheffield United and Brentford .
Monica Mondardini ( Cesena , 26 September 1960 ) is an Italian emanager , currently Chief Executive Officer of the CIR Group ( Compagnie Industriali Riunite ) and of its subsidiary Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso .
George Masso ( born November 17 , 1926 ) , born in Cranston , Rhode Island , is an American jazz trombonist , bandleader , vibraphonist and composer specializing in swing and Dixieland styles .
Vincent Fondeviole ( born February 17 , 1965 in Saint - Sever ) is a French slalom canoer who competed in the 1990s .
Angela Campanella was born in 1963 in Rome and started to work as fotonovela actress and in spots .
Hans Grassmann ( Bamberg , 21 May 1960 ) is a German physicist , writer and entrepreneur , who teaches and works in Italy .
Feidias Panayiotou(Greek : Φειδίας Παναγιώτου ) born 22 February 1989 in Nicosia , Cyprus is a Cypriot football midfielder who currently plays for Ethnikos Assias .
Qi Haifeng ( Chinese : 齐海峰 ; pinyin : Qí Hǎifēng ; born August 7 , 1983 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese decathlete .
Lieutenant Colonel Ghulam Rasul Raja was a Pakistan Army officer who served in the 16th Punjab regiment under the British Raj .
Philippe Rizzo ( born 9 February 1981 in Sydney ) , is an Australian gymnast and Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder .
Tapio Junno ( 12 January 1940 , Piippola -- 25 December 2006 ) was a Finnish sculptor .
Marijn Poels ( born 10 July 1975 , in Meerlo ) is a Dutch independent filmmaker , documentary maker and international speaker .
Vincenzo de Cesati ( 1806 - 1883 ) was an Italian botanist who was a native of Milan .
Aart Vierhouten ( born 19 March 1970 in Ermelo , Gelderland ) is a Dutch former professional racing cyclist , who last rode for Vacansoleil .
Dennis Parlato ( born March 30 , 1947 in Los Angeles ) is an American dancer , actor , and singer .
César Vezzani was born in Bastia in Corsica ; his father died shortly before his birth .
Mac Barnett ( born August 23 , 1982 ) is an American writer of children 's books living in Oakland , California .
Matthias Koeberlin ( born 28 March 1974 , Mainz ) is a German actor and reciter .
Antoine Predock ( born 1936 in Lebanon , Missouri ) is an American architect based in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Gioia Barbieri ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒɔːja bar'bjeːri ) ; born 9 July 1991 in Forlimpopoli ) is an Italian professional tennis player .
Marianna Laba was born on 7 September in Serebryanye Prudy , near Moscow in a family of professional musicians .
Irina Belotelkin , née Roudakoff , was born in Elisavetgrad , Ukraine ( alternatively : Yelisavetgrad , now Kirovohrad or Kirovograd ) to the Russian noblesse ancienne as recorded in the imperial registers of Tver .
Ihor Dotsenko ( born 29 July 1974 in Kiev , Ukraine , USSR ) is a retired Ukrainian - American soccer player who spent most of his career in the lower U.S. divisions , but played two games with the Kansas City Wizards of Major League Soccer .
Arne Christer Fuglesang ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ɑ : ɳɛ krɪstɛr fʉ : glɛsaŋ ) ) ( born March 18 , 1957 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish physicist and an ESA astronaut .
Abu Hurairah was born in Baha , Yemen into the Banu Daws tribe from the region of Tihamah on the coast of the Red Sea .
Tetteh Quarshie was born in 1842 to a farmer from Teshie known as Mlekubo .
Laurie Lynd ( born May 19 , 1959 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian film and television director , best known as the director of the feature film Breakfast with Scot .
Born in Brooklyn , New York City , New York , John Buscema showed an interest in drawing at an early age , copying comic strips such as Popeye .
Ferdinand Van der Auwera ( b. Antwerp , 26 November 1929 ) , pseudonym Fernand Auwera is a Belgian writer .
Bibiana Fernández , also known as Bibí Andersen ( Tangier , February 13 , 1954 ) is a Spanish actress , singer and model .
Victor Maghakian was born on December 30 , 1915 in Chicago , Illinois to an Armenian family and was the oldest of four brothers and three sisters .
Miguel de la Madrid was born in the city of Colima , Colima , Mexico .
Bhabendra Nath Saikia was born on 20 February 1932 at Nagaon town .
Leon Duray ( April 30 , 1894 Cleveland , Ohio - May 12 , 1956 San Bernardino , California ) was an American racecar driver active in the 1920s .
Stephen Parrish ( 9 July 1846 , Philadelphia -- 1938 ) was a painter and an etcher from the United States .
Herbert List was born on 7 October 1903 to a prosperous business family in Hamburg , the son of Luise and Felix List .
Quincy Taylor ( born July 18 , 1963 in Dallas , Texas ) , was a professional boxer in the Middleweight ( 160 lb ) division .
Stefano Ferrario ( born 28 March 1985 in Rho , Milan ) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Virtus Lanciano .
Mauro Zuliani ( born 23 July 1959 in Milan ) is a former Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres .
Carole Gaessler ( born 23 February 1968 in Thionville , Moselle ) is a French television journalist .
Igor Kichigin ( Russian : Игорь Юрьевич Кичигин ; born 23 November 1969 in Bukhara ) is an Uzbekistani football coach and a former player .
Born in Waimate , a town in South Canterbury , New Zealand , Norman Kirk came from a poor background , and his household could not afford things such as daily newspapers or a radio .
William Cunnington FSA ( 1754 -- 31 December 1810 ) was a self - educated merchant who developed an interest in the rich archaeological landscape around the Wiltshire village of Heytesbury where he lived and worked .
Werner Scharff was born into a Jewish family 1912 in Poznań in 1912 .
Huma Mulji ( born 1970 in Karachi ) is an artist based in Lahore , Pakistan .
George McWhirter ( born September 26 , 1939 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is a Northern Irish - Canadian writer , translator , editor , teacher and Vancouver 's first Poet Laureate .
Annu Kapoor was born in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh , on 20 February 1956 , to Madanlal , a Punjabi father and Kamal , a Bengali mother .
Bernarda Pera ( born 3 December 1994 in Zadar ) is a Croatian - American tennis player .
Brent McMurtry ( born 22 April 1986 ; Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian cross - country skier who has been competing since 2003 .
Constance Mona Douglas ( Connie ) was born on 18 September 1898 at 49 Allerton Road , Much Woolton , Merseyside .
Sir John Chesshyre was born at Hallwood , Halton , near Runcorn , Cheshire , the son of Thomas and Catherine Chesshyre .
Stewart Williams is a retired English rugby league footballer who played as a second - row or loose forward for Salford , Wigan , Barrow and Chorley Borough .
Kurt Nogan ( born 9 September 1970 in Cardiff , Wales ) is a Welsh footballer .
Cate Bauer ( born 27 August 1922 in London , England ) is an English actress who voiced the character Perdita or `` Perdy '' in the animated film One Hundred and One Dalmatians ( 1961 ) .
Niki Xanthou ( Greek : Νίκη Ξάνθου , ( ˈnici ˈksanθu ) , born 11 October 1973 in Rhodes ) is a Greek long jumper .
David Giammarco was born in Toronto , spent his summers in California , and attended school in Canada .
Lyubomir Miletich was born in Štip , today in the Republic of Macedonia , to a Bulgarian family originally from Edirne ( Odrin ) in modern Eastern Thrace , Turkey .
Jorge Molina Enríquez ( born 1966 in Palma Soriano in the province of Santiago ) is a Cuban actor and film director .
Daniel Elmen ( December 29 , 1885 , Ismender , Yadrinsky District , Kazan Governorate , Russian Empire - September 3 , 1932 , Ilyinka , Chuvash ASSR , USSR ) was a Chuvash state and political figure , the first Chairman of the Chuvash regional executive committee .
Ute Oberhoffner ( born Ute Weiss on 15 September 1961 in Ilmenau , Thuringia . Sometimes shown as Ute Oberhoffner - Weiss ) is an East German luger who competed during the 1980s .
An Artyom Borovik prize for investigative journalism is awarded annually in Moscow .
Tantowi Yahya ( born October 29 , 1960 in Palembang ) is an Indonesian presenter , country singer and entrepreneur .
Muratsan was born in the city of Shusha ( Shushi ) to a middle - class family .
Mark Staunton ( born 30 January 1989 in Alexandria ) is a Scottish footballer who is currently without a club after leaving Stirling Albion in August 2015 .
Jillian Beyor grew up in Northfield , New Hampshire and moved to Florida after high school .
Vincenzo Savio was born in Osio Sotto on 6 April 1944 to Augustus Savio and Santina Arnoldi as the sixth of seven children .
Sophie Lebrun was born in London while her mother was on tour .
Sílvia Marsó ( Barcelona , March 8 , 1964 ) is a Spanish film , stage and television actress .
James Henry Leigh Hunt was born at Southgate , London , where his parents had settled after leaving the United States .
Annie Burgstede ( born Anna Louise Burgstede on September 18 , 1983 , in Waupaca , Wisconsin ) is an American actress .
Francesc Masriera i Manovens ( 21 October 1842 , Barcelona - 15 March 1902 , Barcelona ) was a Catalonian figure painter and goldsmith who was influenced by Orientalism .
Victoria Williams ( born December 23 , 1958 ) is an American singer , songwriter and musician , originally from Shreveport , Louisiana , although she has resided in Southern California throughout her musical career .
Ersilio Tonini was born in San Giorgio Piacentino , and studied at the seminary in Piacenza .
Saskia De Coster studied Germanic languages at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven , between 1994 and 1998 .
Mees Siers ( born 6 October 1987 in Zelhem ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Icelandic Úrvalsdeild club ÍBV Vestmannaeyjar .
Kasım Yıldız ( born October 10 , 1980 in Sorgun , Yozgat ) is a Turkish professional football player , who currently plays for Swift Hesperange in the Ehrenpromotion .
Nadjib Baouia ( born February 25 , 1992 in El M'Ghair ) is an Algerian football player who plays for Ligue 2 club Lens .
István Tiba finished the Földes Ferenc Secondary School in Miskolc in 1980 .
Yngve Ekström , born June 16 , 1913 in Hagafors , Småland , died March 13 , 1988 was a Swedish furniture designer , wood carver , sculptor and architect .
Oliver Martini ( born 12 December 1971 , Bologna ) is an Italian racing driver .
Josh Warren was born on December 14 , 1979 in the small farming town of Atlanta , Georgia .
Șerban Ionescu ( 23 September 1950 -- 21 November 2012 ) was a Romanian actor , born in Corabia , Olt County .
Mathieu Crépel ( born October 26 , 1984 in Tarbes , Hautes - Pyrénées ) is a French professional snowboarder and World Champion based in Anglet , Northern Basque Country .
Li Weiliang ( simplified Chinese : 李韦良 ; traditional Chinese : 李韋良 ; pinyin : Lǐ Wéiliáng ; born 2 September 1980 in Beijing , China ) is a Chinese baseball player .
Born in Kingsthorpe , Northampton , Joan Hickson was a daughter of shoe manufacturer Alfred Harold Hickson and his wife , Edith Mary Bogle .
Hellmut Fritzsche ( born 20 February 1927 in Berlin , Germany ) is an American physicist .
An early mention of Charles Earle in the Meriden papers was his membership in the First Congregational Church of Meriden in 1895 `` There was singing by a quartet of boys from the First Congregational Church ( of Meriden ) '' which included Charles Earle ( Age 11 ) .
Rudolf Zedi ( born 31 August 1974 in Essen ) is a German football manager and retired footballer .
Michael Moorcock was born in London in 1939 and the landscape of London , particularly the area of Notting Hill Gate and Ladbroke Grove , is an important influence in some of his fiction ( cf . the Cornelius novels ) .
John Campbell - Mac ( born in Canning Town , East London , England in 1973 ) is an actor and producer based in Hollywood , California .
Michael Creizenach ( born in Mainz May 16 , 1789 ; died in Frankfort - on - the - Main , August 5 , 1842 ) was a German Jewish educator and theologian .
Éric Caritoux ( born August 16 , 1960 in Carpentras , Vaucluse ) is a French former professional road racing cyclist who raced between 1983 and 1994 .
Chad Hunt ( born in Wadsworth , Ohio , United States , 1973 ) is a former gay pornographic film actor , who has also appeared on the cover of Badpuppy , Jock , Honcho , All Man and Unzipped magazines .
Radovan Siljevski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радован Сиљевски ) ( born July 17 , 1986 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian swimmer who competed at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing for his native country .
Manuel Fischnaller ( born 24 July 1991 in Bolzano ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Lega Pro club F.C. Südtirol .
Richard Mique was born at Nancy , the son of Simon Mique , an architect and entrepreneur of Lunéville and grandson of Pierre Mique also an architect .
Marcin Jahr ( born March 25 , 1969 , in Bydgoszcz ) , Polish jazz drummer .
Umberto Cazzola ( born January 12 , 1982 in Fano ) is an Italian football Midfielder who currently plays for Ravenna Calcio .
Josef Miso ( born 18 October 1973 in Trnava ) is a Slovak football player who last played for Municipal Grecia in the Costa Rican Second Division .
Michael Dokken ( born June 4 , 1971 in Clearwater , Florida ) is a retired American stock car racing driver , and a former competitor in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series .
Born in Santarém , Portugal in 1520 , Estácio de Sá was the nephew of the Governor General of the colony of Brazil , Mem de Sá .
Karin Bubaš ( born 1976 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a contemporary Canadian artist known for her work in various media including photography , painting , and drawing .
Michael R. Perry ( born April 15 , 1963 in Columbus , Ohio ) is an American television producer , television writer and screenwriter .
Bushrod Washington was born on June 5 , 1762 , at Bushfield Manor , a plantation home located at Mount Holly in Westmoreland County , Virginia .
Marc Simont ( November 23 , 1915 -- July 13 , 2013 ) was a Paris - born American artist , political cartoonist , and illustrator of more than a hundred children 's books .
Albert Kesselring was born in Marktsteft , Bavaria , on 30 November 1885 , the son of Carl Adolf Kesselring , a schoolmaster and town councillor , and his wife Rosina , who was born a Kesselring , being Carl 's second cousin .
Ammar Malik is a first generation American born to Pakistani parents in Northern Virginia .
Zhu Xiaogang(Chinese : 朱晓刚 ; Pinyin : Zhū Xiǎogāng ; born 6 October 1987 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Dalian Aerbin .
Fang Zhouzi ( real name Fang Shimin ) was born in Yunxiao County , Fujian , China in September 1967 .
John Wallis Titt was born in 1841 at Elm Farm , Chitterne , Wiltshire to John Titt and Eliza Titt ( née Wallis ) .
Robert Vujević ( born 26 November 1980 in Esslingen am Neckar , Germany ) is a Croatian footballer .
Jesús Flores Magón was born in San Jerónimo Tecóatl in the state of Oaxaca in 1871 , to Margarita Magón and Teodoro Flores , a Nahau who had fought in Benito Juárez 's Liberal Army .
Grzegorz Kurczuk ( pronounced ( ˈɡʐɛɡɔʂ ˈkurt͡ʂuk ) ; born September 20 , 1949 in Warsaw ) is a Polish politician .
Leila Zerrougui ( born 1956 , in Souk Ahras , Algeria ) is an Algerian legal expert on human rights and administration of justice .
Chucho Valdés 's first recorded sessions as a leader took place in late January 1964 in the Areíto Studios of Havana ( former Panart studios ) owned by the newly formed EGREM .
Waleed Bahar Mousa ( Arabic : وليد بحر موسى‎ ) ( born April 27 , 1991 , in Iraq ) is an Iraqi Defender .
Tamara Tansykkuzhina ( born December 11 , 1978 , Naberezhnye Chelny , Soviet Union ) is an international draughts player .
Bartholomäus van der Lake ( died 1468 ) was a German clergyman and author of a chronicle of the city of Soest .
Véronique Grandrieux ( married name is Alard)(born September 16 1952 at Villeneuve - le - Roi ) is a former French athlete who specialised in the sprints .
Friedrich Wilhelm Eckhardt was born on 25 February 1892 in Kassel and initially worked for Henschel & Sohn before switching to L. Schwartzkopff in 1916 .
Hugo Matthysen ( Ekeren , 30 January 1956 ) is a Belgian ( Flemish ) singer , guitarist , columnist , writer , Master in Philosophy and actor .
Kapp was born in Hamm , Province of Westphalia , as the son of the Gymnasialdirektor Friedrich Kapp ( 1792 - -1866 ) .
Christian Beeck ( born 18 December 1971 ) is a Rathenow - born former German footballer .
Born in Santa Luzia , Maranhão , Rychely started his career with Nacional Atlético Clube Sociedade Civil Ltda .
Although he was still playing for the Egyptian Second Division side Mansoura , Mahmoud Abou El - Saoud greatly shined .
Dillon Day ( born August 18 , 1970 in Ohio , USA ) is a pornographic actor and director .
Fabio Góes ( São Paulo , 12 April 1975 ) is a Brazilian singer , songwriter and musician .
Hamid Barole Abdu ( born October 10 , 1953 , in Asmara ) is an Eritrean writer .
Patrick Revelli ( born June 22 , 1951 in Mimet , Bouches - du - Rhône ) is a French former professional football striker and brother of the footballer Hervé Revelli .
Hamza Yacef ( Arabic : حمزة ياسف‎ ; born August 25 , 1979 in Sidi M'Hamed Algiers ) , is an Algerian footballer .
William Bemrose ( 1831 - -1908 ) was a writer on wood - carving and pottery , director of a printing business and Royal Crown Derby .
Karin Mensah was born on 8 March 1965 in Dakar , Senegal in a community of expatriated Cape Verdeans .
Arne Feick ( born 1 April 1988 in Berlin ) is a German footballer playing for 1 .
Kathryn Williams ( born 1974 , Liverpool , England ) is an English singer - songwriter .
Konrad Martin ( 18 May 1812 , at Geismar , Province of Saxony -- 16 July 1879 , at Mont St Guibert , near Brussels , Belgium ) was a Catholic Bishop of Paderborn .
Jefferson De Angelis ( November 30 , 1859 -- March 20 , 1933 ) born Thomas Jefferson De Angelis in San Francisco was a 19th-20th century stage actor who specialized in comedy and acrobatic clowning and who achieved fame in vaudeville and on Broadway .
Touko Tumanto ( born 6 March 1982 , in Helsinki ) is a Finnish professional football player .
Archibald Meston was born at Towie , Aberdeenshire , Scotland , the son of Alexander Meston .
Steven Lennon ( born 20 January 1988 in Irvine , North Ayrshire ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a forward in the Úrvalsdeild for FH .
Diana West ( born November 8 , 1961 , Hollywood , California ) is a nationally syndicated conservative American columnist and author .
Marc Chervel , born 1 November 1932 in Lille ( North ) , died 25 December 2004 in Beaumont - les - Nonains ( Oise ) , is a development economist .
Gábor Harsányi ( born June 15 , 1945 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian actor and voice actor .
Andreas Neufert ( born August 16 , 1961 in Munich ) is a German art historian , writer and biographer .
Madina Gulgun ( Azerbaijani : Mədinə Gülgün ) , born Madina Nurulla qizi Alakbarzadeh ( 17 January 1926 , Baku -- 17 February 1991 , Baku ) , was an Iranian - Azerbaijani poet .
Kaya Wittenburg ( born August 24 , 1972 in Wisconsin ) is a fashion model , businessman and actor from the United States .
Dale Schilly ( born in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American soccer coach and is currently the head coach of Saint Louis FC .
Carlo Costamagna ( born 21 September 1881 in Quiliano - died 1 March 1965 in Pietra Ligure ) was an Italian lawyer and academic noted as a theorist of corporatism .
John Milledge was born in Savannah , Georgia , the grandson of an original settler of Georgia .
Desmond Lardner - Burke was born in Kimberley , Northern Cape on 17 October 1909 , and was educated at St. Andrew 's College , Grahamstown .
Broke was born at Broke Hall , Nacton , near Ipswich , the eldest son of Philip Bowes Broke , grandson of Philip Broke and descendant of Sir Richard Broke ( d. 1529 ) , who served as Chief Baron of the Exchequer .
Phoebe Boswell was born in Nairobi , the daughter of Timothy , a pilot , and Joyce , a teacher .
Fabiano full name Fabiano Medina da Silva ( born 18 January 1982 in Ribeirão Preto ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Calcio Padova .
Walter Johnson was the second of six children born to Frank Edwin Johnson ( 1861 - -1921 ) and Minnie Olive Perry ( 1867 - -1967 ) on a rural farm four miles west of Humboldt , Kansas .
Walter Arnott ( 12 May 1861 -- 18 May 1931 ) was a Scottish all - round sportsman born in Glasgow .
Rochel Gelman was born in Toronto , Canada to parents who came from very religious Jewish communities in Eastern Europe .
Sigrid Wille ( born November 2 , 1969 in Wangen i m Allgäu , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German cross country skier who competed from 1991 to 1999 .
Debora Magnaghi ( born 17 June 1970 ) is an Italian voice actress from Milan .
Shante Carver ( born February 12 , 1971 , Stockton , California , United States ) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League .
Cristhian Presichi ( born July 28 , 1980 in Mexicali , Baja California ) is a Mexican professional baseball outfielder for the Broncos de Reynosa .
Silvia Weissteiner ( born 13 July 1979 in Sterzing / Vipiteno ) is an Italian long - distance runner .
Samuel Clapham was born in Leeds on 27 February 1755 to parents John and Elizabeth Clapham ( Nee Rook ) .
Nicolas Aissat ( born 24 July 1980 in Toulouse ) is a retired French middle - distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres .
Ace Norton ( born May 24 , 1982 in Venice , Los Angeles , California ) is an award winning filmmaker and artist born and raised in Venice , California .
Robert Agnew ( June 4 , 1899 -- November 8 , 1983 ) , also known as Bobby Agnew , born in Dayton , Kentucky , was an American movie actor who worked mostly in the silent film era , making 65 films in both the silent and sound eras .
John Kennedy Toole ( /ˈtuːl/ ; December 17 , 1937 -- March 26 , 1969 ) was an American novelist from New Orleans , Louisiana , whose posthumously published novel A Confederacy of Dunces won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Born Maria Grazia Spinazzi in Venice , Spina debuted as an actress with the theatrical company Stabile di Trieste , then worked with the companies of Vittorio Gassman , Aroldo Tieri , Elisa Cegani , and Glauco Mauri .
José Ángel Rodrigo Palomino Ortiz ( born 22 July 1973 in Alicante , Spain ) is an Australian soccer midfielder , who played nine years in Belgium .
Henry Cornelius Burnett was born to Dr. Isaac and Martha F. ( Garrett ) Burnett on October 5 , 1825 , in Essex County , Virginia .
Pierre Kolp is a Belgian composer and music pedagogue , born in Cologne ( Germany ) , 23 March 1969 .
Udayan Prasad ( born Sevagram , 4 February 1953 ) is an Indian - born British television and film director , best known for his films Brothers in Trouble ( 1995 ) and My Son the Fanatic ( 1997 ) , the latter based on a short story by Hanif Kureshi .
Mehdi Zeffane ( born 19 May 1992 in Sainte - Foy - lès - Lyon ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Rennes and the Algeria national football team .
István Bagyula ( born 2 January 1969 in Budapest ) is a retired Hungarian pole vaulter .
Nikolai Korotkov was born to a merchant family at 40 Milenskaia Street in Kursk on February 26 , 1874 .
Antonis Katsis ( born 6 September 1989 in Larnaca ) is a Cypriot football midfielder . He plays for Ayia Napa .
Dávid Wittrédi ( born 17 June 1987 in Pécs ) is a Hungarian football player who last played for Pécsi Mecsek FC .
Eileen Seigh ( born December 27 , 1928 in New York City ) is an American figure skater .
Yau Nai - hoi ( Chinese : 游乃海 ; pinyin : You Nai Hai ) is a Hong Kong screenwriter and director .
Marie - Christine Cazier - Ballo ( born 23 August 1963 in Paris ) is a retired French sprinter , who specialized in the 200 meters .
Roya Teymourian ( Persian : رویا تیموریان‎‎ , born 19 March 1959 in Tehran ) is an Iranian actress .
Algenis Perez Soto is a young Dominican Republic actor .
Romallis Ellis ( born December 16 , 1965 in Atlanta , Georgia ) was an American boxer , who won the Lightweight Bronze medal at the 1988 Olympics .
Al Campanis was born to Greek - speaking parents in Kos , a small island within the Dodecanese Islands , on November 2 , 1916 .
Born in Tompkins County , New York , Rufus T. Bush grew up on his father 's farm , then moved to Michigan in 1851 .
Eduard Hitzig ( 6 February 1838 -- 20 August 1907 ) was a German neurologist and neuropsychiatrist born in Berlin .
Robin Carolle Robinson ( born August 4 , 1957 ) , known professionally as Robin Robinson , is a longtime Chicago television news anchor best known for her 27 years as main news anchor at Fox - owned WFLD - TV in Chicago .
Stig Strand ( born 25 August 1956 in Tärnaby , Swedish Lapland ) is a Swedish former alpine skier and a sports commentator .
Aron Gurwitsch ( Russian : Аро́н Гу́рвич ; January 17 , 1901 , Vilnius , Vilna Governorate -- June 25 , 1973 , Zurich ) was a Litvak American phenomenologist .
Sidi El Houari was born to the Imazighen tribe Bani Houara in 1350 in the village of Sour ( Kelmitou ) , 20 kilometres east of Mostaganem and near Ain Tedles , then under Marinid rule .
Pierre Brochand ( born 4 July 1941 in Cannes ) is a former director of the French Directorate - General for External Security ( DGSE ) .
Despite making a profit from her career that allowed her to purchase the vehicle she wanted , Aaliyah revealed during her final interview on August 21 , 2001 on 106 & Park that she had never owned a car due to living in New York City and hiring a car or driver on a regular basis .
Antonella Mosetti ( born Rome , 1 August 1975 ) in an Italian showgirl and television presenter .
Mehdi Huseyn was born on April 4 , 1909 in İkinci Şıxlı village of Azerbaijan , into a family of a People 's teacher .
Samuel Aaron Bell ( April 24 , 1921 , Muskogee , Oklahoma - July 28 , 2003 ) was an American jazz double - bassist .
Diego Renan de Lima Ferreira ( born 26 January 1990 in Surubim , Pernambuco ) , known as Diego Renan , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória , on loan from Cruzeiro , as a left back .
Gustaf Murray was born on 28 March 1747 in Stockholm , son of the Prussian - born preacher and theologian Andreas Murray ( 1695 - 1771 ) .
James Smith Bush was born in Rochester , New York to Obadiah Newcomb Bush and Harriet Smith ( 1800 - -1867 ) .
Jimmy Hoffa was born in Brazil , Indiana , on February 14 , 1913 , to Indiana natives John and Viola ( née Riddle ) Hoffa .
David Zinman ( born July 9 , 1936 in New York City , United States ) is an American conductor and violinist .
Pier Giorgio Cazzola ( Vicenza , 4 March 1937 ) is a former Italian sprinter , that finished 4th with the national relay team on 4x100 metres relay at the 1960 Olympic Games .
On 19 July 1997 the artist Gunter Demnig installed two stolpersteine for Johann Nobis and his brother Matthias Nobis in front of their birth house in Sankt Georgen bei Salzburg , at the invitation of Andreas Maislinger .
Ahmet Nuri Öztekin ( 1876 ; Bandırma - ? ; ? ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army .
Herbert Ferber ( born Herbert Ferber Silvers , April 30 , 1906 -- August 20 , 1991 ) was an American sculptor and painter , born in New York City .
Sebastián Regueiro ( born 13 September 1989 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as a winger for San Francisco in the Liga Panameña de Fútbol .
Theresia Kiesl ( born 26 October 1963 in Sarleinsbach ) is a retired Austrian middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres .
Manuela Levorato ( born 16 March 1977 in Dolo ) is an Italian sprinter , who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres .
Leonid Korniyets was born in a town of Bobrynets that today is in Kirovohrad Oblast , central Ukraine .
Siobhan Davies CBE ( born 18 September 1950 in London , and often known as Sue Davies ) was a dancer with the London Contemporary Dance Theatre during the 1970s , and became one of its leading choreographers creating groundbreaking work such as Sphinx ( 1977 ) .
Barbudo ( birth name : María de las Mercedes Barbudo y Coronado ) was one of four siblings born in San Juan , the capital of Puerto Rico , to a Spanish father , Domingo Barbudo and Puerto Rican mother , Belén Coronado .
Mary Astell was born in Newcastle upon Tyne on 12 November 1666 , to Peter and Mary ( Errington ) Astell .
Ignazia Verzeri was born in Bergamo in 1801 as the eldest of seven children of Antonio Verzeri and Countess Elena Pedrocca - Grumelli .
Joseph Mulder ( 1658 , Amsterdam -- 1742 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age printmaker , known as a `` renowned engraver '' .
Ole - Jacob Hoff ( born 1928 in Oslo ) was a Norwegian economist , academician , author , publisher , and scholar .
Ingrid Turković - Wendl ( born Ingrid Wendl on May 17 , 1940 in Vienna ) is an Austrian figure skater , television announcer , and political figure .
Judith Butler was born in Cleveland , Ohio , to a family of Hungarian and Russian Jewish descent .
Alain Thébault ( born 19 September 1962 in Dijon ) is a French yachtsman and skipper of l'Hydroptère .
Wang Zhiwen ( Chinese : 王志文 ; pinyin : Wáng Zhìwén , born June 25 , 1966 ) is a Chinese actor born in Shanghai , China .
Li Mu ( died 229 BC ) was a military general of the Zhao state during the Warring States period of Chinese history .
Victor Djorbenadze ( Georgian : ვიქტორ ჯორბენაძე ) ( 1924 - -1999 ) was a Georgian architect , best known for the Wedding Palace in Tbilisi .
Jean Chapman ( b. 30 October 1939 in England ) is a British writer of romance novels since 1981 and a lecturer in creative writing .
Claudio Amendola ( born Rome , 16 February 1963 ) is an Italian actor , television presenter and director .
Jack Prelutsky was born on September 8 , 1940 in Brooklyn New York to Charles , an electrician / plumber and Dorothea , a homemaker .
Rey Washam ( born Reynolds Washam , March 14 , 1961 , in Austin , Texas ) is a drummer who has been performing for more than 35 years .
Fritz Zwicky was born in Varna , Bulgaria , to a Swiss father .
Kwame Boateng ( born 28 November 1992 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian professional football striker playing with FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac .
Born in Plymouth , John Kitto was a sickly child , son of a Cornish stonemason .
Carlos Heitor Cony ( born in Rio de Janeiro on March 14 , 1926 ) is a Brazilian journalist and writer .
Charles Le Myre de Vilers ( Vendôme , Loir - et - Cher , 17 February 1833 - Paris , 9 March 1918 ) was governor of Cochinchina ( 1879 - -1882 ) and resident - general of Madagascar ( 1886 - -1888 , 1894 - -1895 ) .
Margery Allingham was born in Ealing , London in 1904 to a family immersed in literature .
Dhiru Parikh is born on 31 August 1933 at Viramgam near Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Gerolf Steiner ( 22 March 1908 in Strasbourg , Alsace -- 14 August 2009 ) was a German zoologist .
Daniel Friedman ( born 9 January 1981 ) , known on stage as Deep Fried Man , is a South African musical comedian and writer based in Johannesburg .
Tacitus was born in 56 or 57 to an equestrian family ; like many Latin authors of both the Golden and Silver Ages , he was from the provinces , probably northern Italy or Gallia Narbonensis .
Jean - Pierre Dionnet was born November 25 , 1947 in Paris , and at that time there was still ration , so he spent the first five years in the Creuse .
Filippo Negroli ( ca . 1510 - -1579 ) was an armourer from Milan .
Mikael Stahre ( ˈmiːka.ˈɛl ˈstɑː.ˈrɛ ) ( born 5 July 1975 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish football manager .
Gabriella Pescucci ( born 1941 in Rosignano Solvay , Tuscany ) is an Italian costume designer .
Jean - Yves Laforest ( born June 13 , 1949 in Shawinigan , Quebec ) is a former Canadian Member of Parliament .
Enrico Lazzarotto ( born January 14 , 1973 in Bassano del Grappa ) is an Italian slalom canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s .
Agnes Baldwin Webb ( born in Cross Plains , Tennessee ) is a former American women 's basketball player , who played on the first United States women 's national basketball team .
Aspazija was born and raised in wealthy peasant family near Jelgava in 1865 , where she studied and was active in youth organizations .
Denys Granier - Deferre ( born 27 December 1949 , Boulogne - Billancourt ) is a French film director .
Samir El Moussaoui ( Arabic : سمير الموساوي‎ ; born 17 September 1986 in The Hague ) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent , who currently plays as a centre back for SVV Scheveningen in the Dutch Topklasse .
Nathan Baggaley ( born 6 December 1975 in Byron Bay , New South Wales ) is an Australian sprint canoer and surfski champion .
Sérgio Simões de Jesus or simply Serginho ( born May 20 , 1980 in Itabuna ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder for Paraná in the Brazilian Série A.
Johann Forster Forsterus , Förster or Forstheim ( 10 July 1496 , in Augsburg - 7 December 1558 , in Wittenberg ) was a Lutheran theologian and professor of Hebrew .
Faruk Bayar ( born October 11 , 1981 in Eskişehir ) is a Turkish retired footballer ..
Ai Xia was born Yan Yinan ( Chinese : 严以南 ) on November 29 , 1912 in Tianjin to a large middle class family .
Giuliano Pisani ( Verona , 1950 ) is a writer , a classical philologist , a scholar of ancient Greek and Latin literature and an art historian .
Jagajeet Shrestha was born in Bhaktapur , a sub district of Kathmandu in 1993 .
Jean - Joseph Raepsaet ( 29 December 1750 in Oudenaarde -- 19 February 1832 ) was a Belgian politician and historian .
Dr. Samuel John Hazo ( born 19 July 1928 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an author of books , including poetry , fiction , essays and plays , and the founder and director of the International Poetry Forum in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Unita Blackwell was born on March 18 , 1933 , in Lula , Mississippi , to sharecroppers Virda Mae and Willie Brown .
Terri Garber ( born December 28 , 1960 in Miami , Florida , as Terri Leslie Garber ) is an American actress .
Louis Neefs ( born Ludwig Adèle Maria Jozef Neefs , 8 August 1937 , Gierle -- 25 December 1980 , Lier ) was a Belgian singer and presenter , who is known for his participation in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1967 and 1969 .
Amitai Etzioni was born Werner Falk in Cologne , Germany in 1929 to a Jewish family .
Edward Montagu , 3rd Earl of Sandwich ( 10 April 1670 -- 20 October 1729 ) was born in Burlington House , London , England to Edward Montagu , 2nd Earl of Sandwich and Lady Ann Boyle .
Reinhold Fanz ( born 16 January 1954 in Mannheim ) is a German former professional footballer and formerly manager of the Cuba national football team .
Leonard Asper ( born May 31 , 1964 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian businessperson , entrepreneur and lawyer .
Pippo Pollina ( Palermo , May 18 , 1963 ) born Giuseppe Pollina is an Italian singer - songwriter .
Harlette was born to British parents in Sydney , New South Wales , and grew up in the small beach community of Little Manly .
Born in Scarborough , Ontario , Christi Belcourt is the daughter of national Métis rights activist Tony Belcourt and Judith Pierce - Martin ( née Streatch ) .
Robbert van de Corput ( born 7 January 1988 in Breda ) , who performs under the stage name Hardwell , is a Dutch big room house and electro house DJ and music producer .
Cenk Ahmet Alkılıç ( born 9 April 1987 in İzmir ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club İstanbul Başakşehir .
Mika Nurmela ( born 26 December 1971 , Oulu ) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Major General Angela Salinas , born in Alice , Texas , the youngest of five children to native Texan parents .
Nick Stafford ( born 1959 in Staffordshire ) is a British playwright and writer .
Maria Nazionale ( born 1969 in Torre Annunziata ) is a neapolitan pop singer .
Ren Han ( Chinese : 任瀚 ; pinyin : Rén Hàn ; born February 27 , 1984 in Tianjin ) is a Chinese contemporary artist .
Claude Rifat ( 1 March 1952 , Cairo - July 31 , 2002 ) was a French biologist , psychonaut , political activist , writer , and researcher .
Zyranna Zateli ( Greek : Ζυράννα Ζατέλη ) ( born 1951 ) is a Greek novelist born in Sochos near Thessaloniki .
Dean Reynolds ( born 11 January 1963 in Grimsby ) is an English former professional snooker player whose career spanned twenty years from 1981 to 2001 .
Asghar Qadir was born in Simla ( now Shimla ) of British Indian Empire in 1946 to a middle - class family .
Gustav Kirchhoff was born in Königsberg , East Prussia , the son of Friedrich Kirchhoff , a lawyer , and Johanna Henriette Wittke .
Keaton Henson ( born 24 March 1988 ) is an English folk rock musician , visual artist and poet from London .
Martin Böttcher ( born June 17 , 1927 , Berlin ) is a German composer , arranger and conductor .
Beth Keller ( Elizabeth Ann Keller , born in Cincinnati , Ohio on June 25 , 1978 ) is an American soccer player who last played for the Carolina Courage in the Women 's United Soccer Association .
Jean Bourlès ( Pleyber - Christ , 17 August 1930 -- ) was a French professional road bicycle racer .
Jacques Martineau ( born 8 July 1963 , Montpellier ) is a French film director and screenwriter who works in collaboration with partner Olivier Ducastel .
Joseph Potier ( 5 May 1768 , Saint - Malo -- 10 November 1830 ) was a French privateer and slave trader .
Carl Sassenrath ( born 1957 in California ) is an architect of operating systems and computer languages .
Wolfram Wagner ( born 28 September 1962 in Vienna ) is an Austrian composer and flautist .
Christelle Daunay ( born 5 December 1974 in Le Mans , Sarthe ) is a French long distance runner who specialises in road running .
Gzim Istrefi ( born 18 December 1991 , Kosovska Mitrovica ) is a Swedish professional footballer of Albanian descent who plays for Karlstad BK in the Division 2 .
Martika was born in Whittier , California , United States to Cuban parents from Havana , Cuba .
Olivier Veigneau ( born 16 July 1985 in Suresnes , Hauts - de - Seine ) , is a French footballer who plays as a left back for Turkish club Kasımpaşa .
Prof . Dr. Wolfgang Böhmer ( born 27 January 1936 in Dürrhennersdorf , Upper Lusatia ) is a German politician ( CDU ) and former Minister - President of Saxony - Anhalt from 16 May 2002 to 19 April 2011 .
Maggie Greenwald ( born June 23 , 1955 in Manhattan , New York ) is an American film , television director and screenwriter .
Gareth Hall ( born 20 March 1969 in Croydon ) is an English - born former Welsh international footballer of the 1980s and 1990s .
Born and raised in Gothenburg , Sweden 's second capital , Gunn Wållgren played a lot of amateur theatre in local groups in her teenage years .
Samiya Mumtaz ( Urdu : سمیعہ ممتاز‎ ) ( born 1970 , Karachi ) , is a Pakistani film and television actress .
Mathias Wichmann Andersen ( born 6 August 1991 in Gug , Aalborg ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Viborg FF . His main assets is his vision , ability to keep the ball and using his technique .
Yves Séguin ( born March 30 , 1951 in Val - d'Or , Quebec ) is a former Canadian politician in Quebec .
Raik Dittrich ( born October 12 , 1968 in Sebnitz ) is a retired East German biathlete who won two World Championships medals .
Gianmario Tondato Da Ruos ( born February 12 , 1960 in Oderzo ) is an Italian executive .
Gyselle Soares was born in Teresina in the state of Piauí , but spent her entire childhood in the small town of Timon in the state of Maranhão .
Born in Warsaw , then part of Imperial Russia , Lyda Roberti was the daughter of a German father and a Polish mother .
Max Klauß ( born 27 July 1947 in Chemnitz ) is a retired East German long jumper .
Hans Dieter Zingraff ( b. 1947 in Karlsruhe ) is a German artist in constructivism .
David Tipper , or Tipper for short ( born c. 1976 , Wimbledon , London ) is a British composer and producer specialising in electronic music that ranges from ambient , through trip hop , to uptempo nu skool breaks .
Paddy Duffy ( 12 November 1864 in Boston , Massachusetts -- 19 July 1890 ) was an American boxer of Irish descent .
Jacques Malaterre is a French filmmaker and film director , born in Avignon , Vaucluse .
Tony Forsyth ( born Liverpool ) is an English actor .
Grit Hammer , née Haupt ( born 4 June 1966 in Saalfeld , Thuringia ) is a retired German shot putter .
Frank Ricotti ( born 31 January 1949 in London ) is an English jazz vibraphonist and percussionist .
Vasilios Xydas ( Greek : Βασίλειος Ξυδάς , born 1877 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek athlete born in Athens .
Jorge Guillén was born in Valladolid where he spent his childhood and adolescence .
Odysseas Dimitriadis was born in Batumi , in the family of a businessman .
Daniel M. Harkness was born in Milan , Ohio in 1822 to Dr. David M. Harkness and Elizabeth Caldwell Harkness .
Jorge Luis Moreno ( born on December 19 , 1981 in Hermosillo , Sonora , Mexico ) as Jorge Luis Moreno Abril , is a Mexican actor , producer , writer and director .
Eglė Špokaitė ( born 1971 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian ballet dancer , prima ballerina of the Lithuanian National Opera and ballet theater ( 1989 - -2011 ) .
Jordan Michael Houston ( born April 5 , 1975 ) , better known by his stage name Juicy J , is an American rapper , songwriter and record producer from Memphis , Tennessee .
Marc Baecke ( born 24 July 1956 in Sint - Niklaas ) is a retired Belgian footballer who played as a left back .
Hege Schøyen ( born 22 May 1957 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian singer , actor and comedian .
Born in Montevideo as one of the four children of Don Domingo Frugoni and Doña Josefina Queirolo , Emilio Frugoni joined José Batlle y Ordóñez 's camp during the political fighting in 1904 , and rose to the rank of Lieutenant .
Simonluca Agazzone ( born 23 July 1981 in Borgomanero ) is a professional Italian football player who is currently unattached .
Igor Cvitanović ( pronounced ( îgor ts͡ʋitǎːnoʋit͡ɕ ) or ( ts͡ʋǐtanoʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 1 November 1970 in Osijek ) is a retired Croatian football striker .
Victoriano Huerta was born in the settlement of Agua Gorda within the municipality of Colotlán , Jalisco , son of Jesús Huerta and María Lázara del Refugio Márquez .
Ramón Lentini ( born 24 October 1988 in Posadas ) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Nueva Chicago .
Joseph Edward Mayer ( February 5 , 1904 , New York City - October 15 , 1983 ) was a chemist who has formulated the Mayer expansion in statistical field theory .
Pascal Vittori ( born in Nouméa , August 16 , 1966 ) is a New Caledonian politician .
Éder Luiz Lima de Souza ( born January 9 , 1987 in Campinas , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian - Palestinian footballer who plays as a Attacking Midfielder for a K League Challenge team Daegu FC .
Dmitri Kruglov ( born 24 May 1984 in Tapa ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays for Infonet in the Meistriliiga .
Bertrand Grospellier ( French pronunciation : ​(bɛʁtʁɑ̃ ɡʁopɛlje ) ; born February 8 , 1981 in Melun ) , also known as ElkY /ˈɛlki/ , is a poker player and former StarCraft :
Heriberto Quirós Linton ( born 26 July 1972 in Cartago ) is a retired Costa Rican football player who played for several teams in the Costa Rican Primera División .
Helmut Hamann ( August 31 , 1912 -- June 22 , 1941 ) was a German athlete from Berlin who competed mainly in the 400 metres .
Ernst Reissner ( September 24 , 1824 -- September 16 , 1878 ) was a Baltic German anatomist from Riga , Livonia .
Jean - Christophe Devaux ( born May 16 , 1975 in Lyon , Rhône - Alpes ) is a French footballer of Polish descent .
Svein Nyhus was born in Tønsberg as the twin brother of caricaturist Egil Nyhus .
Kaitlyn Lawes ( born December 16 , 1988 ) is a Canadian curler born in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Born in Buenos Aires , Cacho Castaña developed an interest in music during his early years , and by age fourteen , he was a piano teacher .
Jane Gail ( born Ethel S. Magee on August 16 , 1890 in Salem , New York ) was an early American silent movie and stage actress .
Gunter Pauli ( born 1956 in Antwerp ) is a self - styled `` serial entrepreneur '' , author and initiator of The Blue Economy .
Nikos Pantidos ( Greek : Νίκος Παντίδος ) ( born 19 April 1991 in Athens ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Rah Ahan Crystal .
Anthony Best ( better known by his stage name Buckwild ) is an American hip hop producer from The Bronx borough of New York City .
Jake Bugg was born in Clifton , Nottingham , to musical parents who separated when he was young .
Néstor Lescovich ( October 14 , 1944 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine film director and screenwriter .
Yury Patrikeyev ( Armenian : Յուրի Պատրիկեև , Russian : Юрий Николаевич Патрикеев , born September 28 , 1979 , in Kirovo - Chepetsk , Russian SSR ) is an Armenian - Russian Greco - Roman wrestler .
George Dahl was born in Minneapolis to Norwegian immigrant parents , Olaf G. and Laura ( Olsen ) Dahl .
Igor Marić ( born August 15 , 1982 in Split ) is a Croatian bobsledder who has competed since 2008 .
He attended Adelphi University on Long Island where he met Carlton Ridenhour , who would become known as Chuck D. Flavor Flav took his stage name after his graffiti tag .
Jake Holmes ( born December 28 , 1939 in San Francisco , California ) is an American singer - songwriter and jingle writer who began a recording career in the 1960s .
Nenad Kovačević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Ковачевић ; born 11 November 1980 ) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for Sloga Kraljevo .
Hito Steyerl ( born 1966 , Munich ) is a German filmmaker , visual artist , and author in the field of essayist documentary video .
W. Gregory Stewart ( born in Toronto ) is a poet most associated with speculative fiction .
Boris Fausto ( São Paulo , 8 December 1930 ) is a Brazilian historian , political scientist and writer .
Francis Preserved Leavenworth ( born September 3 , 1858 in Mount Vernon , Indiana ; died November 12 , 1928 ; a.k.a . Frank Leavenworth ) was an American astronomer .
Ruy Castro ( born 26 February 1948 , in Caratinga ) is a Brazilian author and journalist .
He was born in Stjørdal as a son of farmers Petter Jakob Bjerve , Sr . ( 1869 - -1928 ) and Kristine Arnstad ( 1870 - -1961 ) .
Douglas Sannachan ( born 1962 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish actor most widely known for playing Billy the window cleaner in Gregory 's Girl .
Timmo Niesner ( born November 5 , 1971 in Berlin ) is a German actor and voice actor .
Viktoria Modesta ( born on 25 February 1987 as Viktorija Moskaļova in Daugavpils , Latvia ) is a Latvian - born English singer - songwriter performance artist and model .
Father Vicente Francisco de Sarría ( 1767 Etxebarri -- 1835 Soledad ) was a Basque Spanish missionary to the Americas .
Ernst Jünger was born in Heidelberg as the eldest of six children of the chemical engineer Ernst Georg Jünger ( 1868 - -1943 ) and of Karoline Lampl ( 1873 - -1950 ) .
He was born in Middelburg as the son of Johannes Hermanus Koekkoek .
Helu ( pronounced HEH - loo ) was born to Roy Helu , Sr . and Kilistofa ( Kristi ) Helu on December 7 , 1988 in Danville , California .
Arthur Benjamin was born in Sydney on 18 September 1893 into a Jewish family , although he was a non - practicing Jew .
Daniel Pickering ( born August 16 , 1974 ) is a British TV / film producer , visual FX artist and animator , born in Whipps Cross , London , England .
Albert Vanloo ( Brussels , 10 September 1846 -- 1920 , Paris ) was a Belgian librettist and playwright .
Major General Mohammad Ali Jafari ( Persian : محمدعلی جعفری‎‎ , born 1 September 1957 in Yazd , also known as Aziz Jafari and Ali Jafari ) is the Iranian commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) .
Seyed Mehdi Hosseini Bami ( born July 10 , 1979 , Persia , Tehran , Persian : سید مهدی حسینی بمی ) is a Persian composer of contemporary classical music .
Edgar Palacios Rodriguez ( born October 7 , 1940 , Loja ) , known as Edgar Palacios , is an Ecuadorian music composer .
Jonathan Valin ( born November 23 , 1947 in Cincinnati , Ohio ) is an American mystery author best known for the Harry Stoner detective series .
Dee Hartford ( born April 21 , 1928 , Salt Lake City , Utah ) is a retired American television actress .
Artur Pontek ( en . Arthur Pontek ) is a Polish actor , born in Warsaw on 10 May 1975 .
Harmony Hammond ( born February 8 , 1944 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American artist and writer .
Wayne Wilkins is a classically trained pianist , record producer , songwriter , record engineer , and record mixer born in the London Borough of Croydon .
Clodoaldo Paulino de Lima , or simply Clodoaldo ( born November 25 , 1978 in Paulínia ) , is a Brazilian striker with Depor FC .
Dave Stringer ( born 15 October 1944 in Great Yarmouth ) , is a former player and manager of Norwich City football club .
Edith Kurzweil ( born 1925 Vienna - died February 6 , 2016 New York City ) was an American writer , and was editor of Partisan Review .
Son of a magistrate , Louis Noguères was born at Laval , Mayenne .
Giuseppe Colnago ( December 15 , 1923 in Caponago - December 22 , 2000 ) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Daniel John Sullivan III , better known as Danny Sullivan ( born March 9 , 1950 in Louisville , Kentucky ) is a former American racing driver .
Robert Morrison MacIver ( born on April 17 , 1882 in Stornoway , Isle of Lewis , Scotland - died June 15 , 1970 ) was a sociologist .
Jenny Sampirisi is a Canadian poet , novelist , editor , and university instructor , living in Toronto .
Czesław Miłosz was born on June 30 , 1911 , in the village of Szetejnie ( Lithuanian : Šeteniai ) , Kovno Governorate , Russian Empire ( now Kėdainiai district , Kaunas County , Lithuania ) on the border between two Lithuanian historical regions , Samogitia and Aukštaitija , in central Lithuania .
Julia Abigail Fletcher Carney , born Julia Fletcher ( April 6 , 1823 , Lancaster , Massachusetts -- November 1 , 1908 , Galesburg , Illinois ) was an American educator and poet .
Giacomo Leoni ( 1686 -- June 8 , 1746 ) , also known as James Leoni , was an Italian architect , born in Venice .
Born in Guadalajara , Jalisco , he performed under the name of Tito Guízar .
Derek Lilley ( born 9 February 1974 in Paisley , Renfrewshire ) is a Scottish former footballer who retired after playing with Scottish Third Division side Forfar Athletic .
Charles John Ferguson ( usually known as C. J. Ferguson ) ( 1840 -- 1 December 1904 ) was an English architect who practised mainly in Carlisle , Cumbria .
Pablo Rago ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpaβlo ˈraɣo ) ; Buenos Aires , September 24 , 1972 ) is an Argentine actor .
Jeffrey Vinokur was born in 1990 and raised in Montvale , New Jersey to Russian parents .
Kostas Papageorgiou ( Greek : Κώστας Παπαγεωργίου ) ( born 1945 , in Athens ) is an acclaimed Greek poet and critic .
Bruno Ferraz das Neves , or simply Bruno ( born June 11 , 1984 in Porto Alegre ) , is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder .
Mac Cone ( born August 23 , 1952 in Memphis , Tennessee , USA ) is a Canadian citizen who competes in show jumping .
Rensis Likert was born to George Herbert Likert and Cornelia Adrianne ( Cora ) ( née Zonne ) Likert in Cheyenne , Wyoming , where his father was an engineer with the Union Pacific Railroad .
Marie - Pier Beaudet ( born December 12 , 1986 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is Canadian archer and three - time Olympian .
Émile - Dostaler O'Leary O'Leary was born in Berthierville , Quebec and attended the Collège Saint - Joseph in Berthierville before travelling to Belgium to study at the Petit Séminaire de Basse - Wavre and , later , the University of Burgundy ( Dijon , France ) and Université Libre de Bruxelles .
Julius Sophus Felix Dahn was born in Hamburg as the oldest son of Friedrich ( 1811 - -1889 ) and Constanze Dahn who were notable actors at the city 's theater .
Lloyd R. Woodson ( born January 31 , 1966 , in New York ) is an American whose arrest in central New Jersey on January 25 , 2010 received national attention in the United States .
Ernie Winchester ( 18 May 1944 - 8 May 2013 ) was a Scottish professional football striker who played for Aberdeen , Chicago Spurs , Kansas City Spurs , Heart of Midlothian and Arbroath .
Linda St. Clair was born in Franklin , Tennessee and spent most of her childhood on a small farm in College Grove , Tennessee as one of four children of Sarah and Alvin White .
Ho Che Anderson ( born 1969 in London ) is a cartoonist and comics artist primarily affiliated with Fantagraphics publishers .
Eileen Gunn ( born June 23 , 1945 , Dorchester , Massachusetts ) is a science fiction author and editor based in Seattle , Washington , who began publishing in 1978 .
Leandro Lourenço Franco ( born August 10 , 1981 in Pouso Alegre ) , commonly known as Lê , is a Brazilian football Forward who currently plays for Independente Futebol Clube .
Alison Sealy - Smith ( born 1959 ) is a Barbadian actress , born and raised in Barbados .
Tan Choo Leng ( simplified Chinese : 陈子玲 ; traditional Chinese : 陳子玲 ; pinyin : Chén Zǐlíng ) is a Singaporean lawyer and the wife of Singapore 's second prime minister Goh Chok Tong .
José María Minella ( Mar del Plata , 1909 - 1981 ) was a former Argentine footballer and manager .
Pejman Bazeghi ( Persian : پژمان بازغی‎‎ , born August 10 , 1974 in Tehran ) is an Iranian actor .
Darcel Leonard Wynne ( born June 13 , 1951 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) , sometimes credited as simply Darcel , is an African - American dancer , choreographer , author and producer , best known for heading the `` Solid Gold Dancers '' on the syndicated 1980s music series Solid Gold .
James Dickey was born to lawyer Eugene Dickey and Maibelle Swift in Atlanta , Georgia , where he attended North Fulton High School in Atlanta 's Buckhead neighborhood .
Walter Hawkins left The Edwin Hawkins Singers in the early 1970s to establish the Love Center Church in Oakland , California .
Daniella van Graas ( born August 4 , 1975 in Tuitjenhorn , North Holland ) is a Dutch fashion model and actress .
Although Robert the Bruce 's date of birth is known , his place of birth is less certain , although it is most likely to have been Turnberry Castle in Ayrshire , the head of his mother 's earldom .
Markus Kaya ( born 20 October 1979 in Berlin ) is a German football player currently working for VfB Hüls as a playing manager .
Dr. Jenő Kamuti ( Hungarian : Kamuti Jenő , born September 17 , 1937 , in Budapest ) is a former Hungarian foil fencer .
Simon Lui Yue Yeung ( Chinese : 雷宇扬 ) ( also known as Simon Lui , Simon Loui and Simon Yu ) ( born 8 July 1964 ) is a highly prolific Hong Kong - based actor famous for starring in many low - budget and/or horror films since the early 1990s .
Cavin Lobo ( born 4 April 1988 in Goa ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Kerala Blasters in the Indian Super League on loan from I - League club East Bengal .
Ahmet Suat Özyazıcı ( born 1 January 1936 in Trabzon ) is a Turkish former footballer and a successful manager .
Born in the village of Užulėnis , Taujėnai rural district of Ukmergė district municipality , Antanas Smetona was sent to the primary school in Taujėnai .
Philipp Brammer ( 28 August 1969 -- 28 July 2014 ) was a German actor and voice actor from Munich .
Lotte Ingrisch , birthname Charlotte Gruber ( July 20 , 1930 in Vienna ) , daughter of Emma and Karl Gruber , is a well known Austrian author and playwright .
Fred Rompelberg ( born 30 October 1945 in Maastricht ) is a Dutch cyclist who has set several world cycling records .
Ray Scapinello grew up in Glen Christie , Ontario , located between Guelph and Hespeler in Ontario , Canada .
Ricardo Talu ( born 21 July 1993 , in Luanda ) is a Dutch - Angolan professional footballer who plays as a centre back .
François Fournier de Pescay was born in 1771 on a ship taking him to Bordeaux from the colony of Saint - Domingue ( now Haiti ) .
Andreas Menger ( born 11 September 1972 in West Berlin ) is a former German football player and currently goalkeeping coach of VfB Stuttgart .
Jim McElreath ( born February 18 , 1928 , Arlington , Texas ) , is a former driver in the USAC and CART Championship Car series .
Hilda Isabel Sarli Gorrindo Tito born in Concordia , Entre Ríos Province , in a very poor family .
Giovanni Cannata ( born September 17 , 1985 in Remscheid ) is an Italian - German footballer who currently plays for SV Hüsten 09 .
Nicholas Flood Davin ( January 13 , 1840 -- October 18 , 1901 ) Nicholas Flood Davin was a lawyer , journalist and politician , born at Kilfinane , Ireland .
Auguste Lecerf was born in London on 18 Septembre 1872 from communards parents who had sought refuge in England at the end of the Paris Commune .
Derek McCamlie ( born in Edinburgh , UK ) is an English former actor who starred generally on stage but has also been in TV parts as well most famously being for a National Lottery advert with Amanda Holden .
Christian Georg Brügger ( 11 March 1833 , Churwalden -- 16 October 1899 ) was a Swiss botanist and naturalist .
Robyn Jones ( born January 1 , 1985 , in Roseburg , Oregon ) is an American soccer player .
Anastasia Rybachenko ( Russian : Анастасия Александровна Рыбаченко ) ( born 11 September 1991 , Moscow ) is a Russian political and civil activist .
Claudia Belderbos ( born 23 January 1985 , in Doorn ) is a Dutch rower who has won Olympic and World Championship level bronze medals in the women 's eights event .
Yudelkis Fernández Luis ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ʝuˈðelkis ferˈnandes ) ; born 28 February 1985 in Minas , Camagüey ) is a Cuban long jumper .
Andrea del Brescianino or Dei Piccinelli was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Siena .
Olivier Mukendi Mulaya ( born 8 June 1991 in Kinshasa ) is a Congolese - Belgian football striker who plays for Jeunesse Canach in the Luxembourg Division of Honour .
Carl - Heinz Rodenberg , sometimes known as Karl - Heinz Rodenberg ( 19 November 1904 in Heide -- 1995 ) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist .
Honoré Desmond Sharrer was born at West Point , N.Y. Her father , Robert Allen Sharrer , was an Army officer attached to the United States Military Academy there .
Bhushan Kumar was born in Delhi to the founder of T - Series , owner Gulshan Kumar and Sudesh Kumari .
Aruna Asaf Ali was born Aruna Ganguly on 16 July 1909 in Kalka , Punjab , British India ( now in Haryana , India ) into a Bengali Brahmo family .
She also had a shop in New York City ( Erica Wilson Needleworks ) for 33 years .
Billy Singleton ( born June 1 , 1968 in New York City ) is a former professional basketball player , most notable for his career in the British Basketball League .
Ann Michele Boris Bauer Gateley ( publishing under the name `` Ann Bauer '' ) was born in Boston , Massachusetts ; she moved with her family to Minnetonka , Minnesota at age 10 .
Adam Kassen ( born May 27 , 1974 in Syracuse , New York ) is an American independent film director , actor , writer and producer .
Born in the neighbourhood of San Pelayo de Navia in Vigo , Province of Pontevedra , Pahiño joined Celta de Vigo in 1943 , immediately becoming a starter .
Robbie McEwen ( born 24 June 1972 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian former professional road bicycle racer .
Chris Ashton ( born 29 March 1987 in Wigan , Greater Manchester ) is an English rugby union player who has represented England in both Rugby League and Rugby Union .
Didier Ollé - Nicolle ( born 2 September 1961 in Belley , Ain ) is French former footballer and football manager .
Albert Mugnier ( March 11 , 1903 Annecy -- December 10 , 1974 Chamonix ) was a French bobsledder who competed in the mid-1930s .
A native of the town of Amatrice in the Papal State of Latium ( modern neighboring Province of Rieti in the Lazio region ) , Nicola Filotesio also appears in contemporary records as Cola dell'Amatrice or Cola Amatricius .
Pandolfo Petrucci ( 14 February 1452 -- 21 May 1512 ) was a ruler of the Italian city of Siena during the Renaissance .
Thierno Saïdou Diallo , usually known as Tierno Monénembo ( born 1947 in Porédaka ) , is a Francophone Guinean novelist and biochemist .
Russell Crotty ( born 1956 , San Rafael ) is a Northern California based artist whose work has been shown internationally and across the United States .
Bristol Marunde was born in Fairbanks , Alaska , and moved with his family to Sequim , Washington near Seattle at an early age .
Dave Hahn ( November 3 , 1961 , Okinawa , Japan ) is a professional mountain guide , ski patroller , journalist and lecturer .
Magalie Vaé is the stage name of Magalie Bonneau , a French singer born on 6 January 1987 in Gonesse ( Val - d'Oise ) .
Janet Greek ( born 1949 in Timmins , Ohio ) is an American director and writer of film and television .
Emerson Whithorne ( birth surname Whittern ) ( September 6 , 1884 in Cleveland , Ohio - March 25 , 1958 ) was a notable American composer and researcher into the history of music .
Yan Xuetong ( Simplified Chinese : 阎学通 ; Pinyin : Yán Xuétōng ; Traditional Chinese : 閻学通 ; born December 7 , 1952 in Tianjin , China ) is Dean of the Institute of Modern International Relations at Tsinghua University and the Editor - in - Chief of The Chinese Journal of International Politics ( Oxford University Press ) .
Scott Michie ( born August 22 , 1983 in Aberdeen , Scotland ) is a Scottish footballer , who last played in the SFL for Peterhead in the Scottish Second Division .
Count Georg Holtzendorff ( also spelled Holzendorff ) was a painter of Saxony , specialist in landscapes , figure subjects and cherubs , who sought refuge in England in consequence of the Franco - Prussian War .
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm von Bezold ( June 21 , 1837 -- February 17 , 1907 ) was a German physicist and meteorologist born in Munich , Kingdom of Bavaria .
Katie Sweet ( born February 8 , 1956 , Covington , Kentucky ) is a former American film and television actress .
Robert D. Richardson ( born 1934 Milwaukee ) is an American historian , and biographer .
Toby Dawson ( Korean : 김수철 , Kim Soo - cheol , born 김봉석 , Kim Bong - seok November 30 , 1978 in Busan , South Korea ) is an American retired mogul skier .
Fady Maalouf ( Arabic : فادي معلوف‎ pronounced Fādī Maʿlūf ) ( born on April 20 , 1979 in Zahlé , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese - German pop singer .
Born to Susan and Zachary Scholz in Buchanan , Michigan , Jackson Scholz , nicknamed `` The New York Thunderbolt '' , competed for the University of Missouri in Columbia , Missouri ( where he joined Kappa Alpha Order ) , and later the Newark Athletic Club .
Joe Filippi ( born 3 November 1953 in Ayrshire ) , is a retired Scottish football defender .
Tom Lanoye ( his name is pronounced the French way : /lanwa/ ) was born 27 August 1958 in the Belgian city Sint Niklaas .
Jayne Cortez was born Sallie Jayne Richardson on the Army base at Fort Huachuca , Arizona , on May 10 , 1934 .
George Sanford Becker ( February 19 , 1922 -- April 9 , 1996 ) , who was known professionally as Sandy Becker , was a television announcer , actor , and comedian who hosted several popular children 's programs in New York City .
Clemente d'Olera was born in the Castle of Moneglia on June 20 , 1501 .
Renaud Denauw ( born 28 November 1936 in Mouscron ) , also known as `` Renaud '' , is a Belgian comic book artist .
Bassam Kousa ( Arabic : بسام كوسا‎ ; born 7 November 1963 in Aleppo ) is a prominent Syrian film and TV actor .
Max Lilienthal held a doctorate from the University of Munich when Ludwig Philippson recommended him to head a school inspired by the Enlightenment in Riga , then a part of the Russian Empire .
Hans Thomalla ( born 1975 in Bonn ) is a German composer , who has resided in the United States since 2002 .
Alexei Stanislavovich Avtonomov ( born 9 March 1959 in Moscow ) is a Russian legal scholar , member of UN Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination since 2003 .
Arthur Meighen was born on a farm near Anderson , Perth County , Ontario , to Joseph Meighen and Mary Jane Bell .
David Kotrys ( born 3 June 1977 in Český Těšín ) is a Czech football player currently free agent .
Henmaru Machino ( 町野 変丸 Machino Henmaru , sometimes given as ' Hanmaru ' , born 1969 , Aomori Prefecture ) is a Japanese artist , described as the Magritte of the ero manga world , whose works prominently feature themes of bestiality dysmorphic hermaphrodism and body transformation , as well as dozens of other sexual paraphilia .
Agathias or Agathias Scholasticus ( Greek : Ἀγαθίας σχολαστικός ; c. AD 530 -- 582/594 ) , of Myrina ( Mysia ) , an Aeolian city in western Asia Minor ( now in Turkey ) , was a Greek poet and the principal historian of part of the reign of the Roman emperor Justinian I between 552 and 558 .
Jaana Kunitz , born in Taivalkoski , Finland in 1972 , is a professional dance instructor based in San Diego , California .
Leo Löwenthal ( 3 November 1900 -- 21 January 1993 ) was a German sociologist usually associated with the Frankfurt School .
Dana Brožková ( born April 28 , 1981 in Rovensko pod Troskami ) is a Czech orienteering competitor .
Roberto Alecsandru ( born 13 September 1996 in Ploiești ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a central defender for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești .
Hans Hoogervorst ( born 19 April 1956 in Haarlem ) is a Dutch political and business figure .
Branko Damljanović ( born 17 June 1961 in Novi Sad ) is a Serbian grandmaster .
Lê Hằng Phương ( Điện Bàn , 9 September 1908 -- 2 February 1983 ) was a Vietnamese poet .
Maude Maggart ( born February 24 , 1975 ) is an American cabaret singer and recording artist who performs throughout the United States and Europe , but most often in Los Angeles , San Francisco , and New York City .
Jess Cates ( born July 27 , 1976 in Nashville , Tennessee ) is a Los Angeles based songwriter who has co - written multi - platinum selling songs such as Nick Lachey 's `` What 's Left Of Me '' , and the Backstreet Boys hit of 2006 `` Incomplete '' .
Irene Kral ( January 18 , 1932 -- August 15 , 1978 ) was an American jazz singer who was born to Czechoslovakian parents in Chicago , Illinois , and settled in Los Angeles in the early 1960s .
Esther Geller ( October 26 , 1921 -- October 22 , 2015 ) was an American painter mainly associated with the abstract expressionist movement in Boston in the 1940s and 1950s .
Ryang Chun - hwa ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 량춘화 ; born 12 June 1991 in Pyongyang ) is a North Korean weighlifter .
Josh Ryan is originally from Sacramento , California and moved to Los Angeles in 2000 to run a night club .
Li Zhichao would start his football career playing for the various Dalian Shide F.C. youth teams before he was loaned out to the teams satellite youth team called Dalian Shide Siwu FC that was allowed to take part in Singapore 's 2008 S.League .
Peter Frederik Suhm ( 18 October 1728 in Copenhagen -- 7 September 1798 in Øverød ) , was a Danish - Norwegian historian .
Rose Lambert was born in September 8 , 1878 , in Lehigh County , Pennsylvania , and was the daughter of George and Amanda Lambert .
Tim Buzaglo ( born 20 June 1961 in Surbiton ) is a footballer and cricketer .
Vadym Kopylov was born September 19 , 1958 in Stakhanov ( Lugansk oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) .
Božidar Ćosić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Божидар Ћocић , born 25 July 1982 in Šabac ) is a Serbian professional footballer currently playing for Universitatea Craiova .
Alan Paul ( born November 23 , 1949 , Newark , New Jersey ) is a Grammy Award - winning singer and composer , best known as one of the founding members of the current incarnation of the vocal group The Manhattan Transfer .
Remigijus Šimašius ( born 12 January 1974 in Tauragė ) is a Lithuanian jurist and politician , member of Seimas ( 2012 - 2016 ) , Minister of Justice ( 2008 - 2012 ) , Mayor of Vilnius since 2015 .
Sir Peter Buckton ( 1350 -- 4 March 1414 ) was an English politician , soldier and knight from the eponymous village of Buckton near the town of Bridlington in Yorkshire .
Ion Besoiu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈon beˈsoju ) ; born 11 March 1931 , Sibiu ) is a Romanian actor .
Blair Hull was born in 1942 , the son of Marson Hull and Jean Matlock Hull , and raised in Los Gatos , California -- near what would later be called Silicon Valley .
Sheryl Lynn Herring ( born September 22 , 1958 in Enid , Oklahoma ) is an American soap opera actress .
Born in Elizabeth , New Jersey , Ron Freeman was third in the 400 m dash and ran the second leg ( 43.2 s ) in the American 4×400 m relay team , which won the gold medal with a new world record of 2.56.16 .
Kourtney Brown was born in Miami , Florida and raised in New Providence , Bahamas , in the capital city of Nassau .
Raymond Márquez ( born 1930 ) , a.k.a . `` Spanish Raymond '' was considered the `` king '' of the illegal numbers racket in Harlem from the 1950s until his retirement in 2001 .
Virgile Boumelaha ( born 6 August 1983 in Mulhouse ) is a French association footballer of Algerian descent , he plays for FC Grenchen .
Irene Wan Bik - ha ( simplified Chinese : 温碧霞 ; traditional Chinese : 溫碧霞 ; Cantonese Yale : wan1 bik1 ha4 ; born 30 July 1966 ) is a Hong Kong film actress .
Sister Mary Elizabeth Clark ( born 1938 , in Pontiac , Michigan ) is the main mover of the AIDS Education and Global Information System database , previously a pre - World Wide Web bulletin board system .
Herbert Felix was born in an Austrian - Jewish business family in the town of Znojmo , then part of Austria - Hungary ( after World War I a part of Czechoslovakia and since 1992 of the Czech Republic ) .
Nikolay Strakhov was born in Belgorod , Kursk Governorate in a priest family .
Chloe Newsome ( born December 1976 in Millhouses , Sheffield ) is an English actress who is best known for playing the role of Vicky McDonald in the long - running ITV soap opera Coronation Street during the 1990s .
Bakary Koné ( French pronunciation : ​(bakaʁi kɔne ) , born 27 April 1988 in Ouagadougou ) is a Burkinabé footballer who plays as a central defender for French club Lyon .
Ataç İmamoğlu ( born August 12 , 1964 in Minneapolis , USA ) is a Turkish - US physicist working on quantum optics and quantum computation .
Susannah Harker ( born 26 April 1965 in London , England ) is an English film , television , and theatre actor .
Chris Howland was born in London and brought up in Southern England and became a professional beekeeper .
Vitina Marcus ( born March 1 , 1937 in New York City , New York ) is an American actress of Sicilian and Hungarian descent .
Elisse B. Walter ( born April 14 , 1950 in New York City ) was the 30th Chairperson of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) from December 14 , 2012-April 10 , 2013 .
Heinz Murach ( April 7 , 1926 in Gelsenkirchen -- May 8 , 2007 ) was a German football coach .
Goran Trbuljak ( born 21 April 1948 in Varaždin ) is an award - winning Croatian cinematographer , photographer and conceptual artist .
Holger Obermann ( born 31 August 1936 in Kassel ) is a German former ( semi- ) professional football player and football manager , journalist and ARD television reporter .
Johan Evertsen ( Vlissingen , 1 February 1600 -- 5 August 1666 ) was a Dutch admiral during the 17th century .
The Blessed Augustine Fangi , O.P. , ( also , Augustine of Biella ; 1430 -- 22 July 1493 ) was an Italian Dominican friar and Catholic priest .
Kent Tong Chun - yip also known as Ken Tong , Kenneth Tong ( Traditional - 湯鎮業 Simplified - 汤镇业)was born on 29 September 1958 in Hong Kong .
Sidney Duteil ( born Patrick Duteil in 1955 in Argenteuil , Val - d'Oise ) , better known as Sidney , is a French musician , rapper , DJ , television and radio host , and occasional actor of guadeloupean origin .
Tang Yuan ( Chinese : 唐渊 ; born 2 March 1989 in Guiyang , Guizhou ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Guizhou Renhe .
Ruth Rogers - Altmann ( December 31 , 1917 - October 11 , 2015 ) was a Vienna - born painter and fashion designer who lived most of her life in New York .
Jennifer Garrison was born in Fort Thomas , Kentucky , the daughter of a union plumber .
April Flores ( born April 30 , 1976 in Los Angeles County , California ) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress , writer and plus - size model .
Vanče Šikov ( Macedonian : Ванче Шиков ; born 19 July 1985 in Kavadarci , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for FK Austria Wien in Austria .
Meisam Rezapour ( Persian : میثم رضاپور ; born December 1 , 1981 in Tehran ) is an Iranian football player .
Charles Dow Richards ( June 12 , 1879 -- September 15 , 1956 ) , born in Southampton , York County , New Brunswick , was a judge and New Brunswick politician .
Vidas Alunderis ( born 27 March 1979 in Klaipėda , Lithuanian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Lithuanian footballer who is currently unattached .
Roy Cheung Yiu - Yeung ( Chinese : 張耀揚 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yàoyáng ; born 20 July 1964 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong - based actor , best known on - screen for his roles as Triad gangsters in a number of films .
Aylmer Bourke Lambert was born at Bath , England on 2 February 1761 , the son of Edmund Lambert of Boyton House and Bridget Bourke who was the daughter of the 8th Viscount Mayo .
Lee Childs ( born 6 November 1982 , in Yeovil ) is a tennis player from England .
Patsy Palmer ( born Julie Anne Harris ; 26 May 1972 in Bethnal Green , London ) is an English actress .
Michael Wyschogrod was born in Berlin , Germany , on September 28 , 1928 , the second child of Paul Wyschogrod and Margaret Ungar .
Josaphat - Robert Large ( born November 15 , 1942 in Jérémie , Haïti ) is a Haitian - American poet , novelist and art critic .
Horst Klinkmann was born and grew up in Teterow , a small town near Rostock in northern Germany .
Marcel Grant ( born 19 July 1961 ) is a filmmaker based in London .
Rozz Rezabek - Wright ( born June 4 , 1960 ) , usually Rozz Rezabek , is an American musician based in Portland , Oregon , formerly of San Francisco , California .
David Wooster was born in Stratford , in the British colony of Connecticut .
Leonard Monk Isitt was born on 27 July 1891 in Christchurch , New Zealand , the son of the Methodist minister , member of parliament and prohibitionist Leonard Monk Isitt and Agnes Martha Caverhill .
Elwood Richard Quesada was born in Washington , D.C. in 1904 to an Irish - American mother and a Spanish father .
Dilys Hamlett ( 31 March 1928 , South Tidworth , Hampshire -- 7 July 2002 , Cupar , Fife ) was a British actress .
Karel Kuklík ( born March 7 , 1937 , Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech photographer and one of the representatives of Informel in Czech fine art photography .
Derrick Pereira , ( born 17 March 1962 in Goa ) , is an Indian association football manager and former player , who manages I - League club DSK Shivajians .
Fiona Richmond ( born March 2 , 1945 , Hilborough , Norfolk , England ) is a former glamour model and actress .
James Sellar ( born 24 March 1989 in Adelaide ) is an Australian rules footballer who played with Adelaide and Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
George Gavan Duffy was born at Rose Cottage , Rock Ferry , Cheshire , England in 1882 , the son of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy and his third wife , Louise .
Gwynne Shotwell ( born November 23 , 1963 in Libertyville , Illinois ) is an American businesswoman .
Barbara Tucker ( Brooklyn , New York ) is an African American house and soul singer , songwriter and choreographer .
Hamish Wilson ( born 13 December 1942 ) is a Scottish actor from Glasgow , and is best known for briefly taking over the role of Jamie McCrimmon for part of two episodes in the 1968 Doctor Who serial The Mind Robber when series regular Frazer Hines was ill with chickenpox and unable to attend the recording .
Eddie Buczynski was born on January 28 , 1947 in Brooklyn , New York City to working class -- lower middle class parents .
Phideaux Xavier is an American TV director , and composer of modern technological music that he describes as `` psychedelic progressive gothic rock '' , who grew up in New York City but now lives in Los Angeles .
Filippo Grandi ( born in Milan in 1957 ) is an Italian diplomat mainly active with the United Nations ' humanitarian operations .
Bertine Sutton was born in Kensington , the son of the Reverend Alfred Sutton and his wife Bertha Frances Entwisle , and grandson of James Sutton of Shardlow .
Paul Leicester Ford ( March 23 , 1865 - May 8 , 1902 ) was an American novelist and biographer , born in Brooklyn , the son of Gordon Lester Ford and Emily Fowler Ford ( a granddaughter of Noah Webster and lifelong friend of Emily Dickinson ) .
Małgorzata Pritulak ( 21 June 1947 , Warsaw - ) is a Polish theatre and film actress .
Tamer Garip ( born 10 May 1962 Nicosia , Cyprus ) is a Cypriot screenwriter , producer , and director .
Carl Ludwig Hübsch ( born 1966 , in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) is a German jazz musician , tuba player , and composer .
Harisu was born Lee Kyung - yeop in Seongnam , South Korea , and is one of five children .
Clementina Díaz y de Ovando ( November 7 , 1916 ; Laredo , Texas -- February 18 , 2012 ) was a Mexican writer , researcher , and academic specialised in New Spain 's art and architecture .
Carol Gilligan was raised in a Jewish family in New York City .
Carlo Borer ( born March 23 , 1961 in Solothurn ) is a Swiss artist and designer .
Giovanni Siorpaes ( 1869 , Cortina d'Ampezzo - 1909 ) was an Italian mountaineer .
Andrei Lupan ( 15 February 1912 , Mihuleni - 24 August 1992 , Chişinău ) was a writer , politician , and chairman of Moldovan Writers ' Union ( 1946 - -1955 ; 1958 - -1961 ) .
Bertrand Burgalat was born in the Corsican town of Bastia in 1963 .
Michael Herck ( born 4 August 1988 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a retired Belgian - Romanian racing driver .
Roger Vignoles , born 12 July 1945 in Cheltenham , the son of Keith Hutton Vignoles TD ( 1905 - 1991 ) and Phyllis Mary née Pearson ( 1907 - 1994 ) ; he is the great - great grandson of Charles Blacker Vignoles .
Robert Hague ( born 1967 , Rotorua , NZ ) , is an Australian artist living and working in Melbourne , Victoria .
Atıf Yılmaz was born on December 25 , 1925 in Mersin , Turkey to a Kurdish family originally from Palu .
Reinhard Gust ( born on December 10 , 1950 in Rostock ) is a German rower , who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung ( SV ) Dynamo .
Francis Bitter was born in the Weehawken , New Jersey .
' António Rodrigues ( Lisbon , 23 February 1983 ) is an actor , screenwriter and director , as well as dramatist , producer and musician .
Fredrika Bremer was born on 17 August 1801 at Tuorla Manor in Piikki Parish outside of Åbo , Sweden ( now Turku , Finland ) .
Hao Yonghe ( Chinese : 郝永赫 ; born 29 December 1989 in Shenyang , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player .
Natalie Ramsey ( born October 10 , 1975 in Milton , Massachusetts ) is a television actress .
Alexander Comstock Kirk was born in Chicago , Illinois , on November 26 , 1888 , the son of James Alexander Kirk ( 1840 - -1907 ) and Clara Comstock ( 1851 - -1936 ) .
Rabbi Israel Weiss was born in Czechoslovakia .
Aivar Lillevere ( born 23 January 1962 in Põltsamaa ) is an Estonian football coach .
Anthony Spinelli ( born Samuel Weinstein ; February 21 , 1927 , Cleveland , Ohio - died May 29 , 2000 , Los Angeles , California ) was a pornographic film director .
Frank B. Arnold ( March 29 , 1839 County Clare , Ireland -- December 11 , 1890 Unadilla , Otsego County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Born in Louisville , Kentucky , the son of the former Elizabeth Jane Whorton and her first husband , Stephen Gaghan ( d. 1980 ) , and a stepson of Tom Haag , Gaghan attended Kentucky Country Day School , a college preparatory school in Louisville .
Cathy Grieve ( born 16 June 1965 ) is an Irish journalist from Letterkenny , County Donegal .
Rae was born Paul Rae Stuart in New Orleans , Louisiana , the son of Jean Rushing and the late Norman Stuart , and was raised in Bogalusa , Washington Parish , Louisiana .
William Ernest Shields was born on 15 October 1892 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , the son of W. H. Shields .
Otto Alberts was shot and killed on 10 December 1943 near Brjaschki , Russia
August Wilhelm Dieckhoff ( 5 February 1823 , Gottingen -- 12 September 1894 , Rostock ) was a German Lutheran theologian known for his studies on the history of evangelical doctrine during the Reformation .
Edoardo Bencivenga ( Naples , ? -- Rome , June 6 , 1934 ) was an Italian film director ;
Rudolf Much ( 7 September 1862 -- 8 March 1936 , in Vienna ) , the son of archaeologist Matthäus Much , was an Austrian Germanist , considered one of the founding fathers of Germanic studies .
Vulfetrude , or Wulfetrude ( † 669 ) , was an Abbey of Nivelles from 659 - 669AD .
Born in Brussels , Henri Simonet studied law and economics at the ULB and then went to Columbia University as CRB Graduate Fellow .
Reidar Aulie was born in Oslo , the son of Nils Baltazar Aulie ( 1867 - -1951 ) and Martha Valstad ( 1872 - -1966 ) .
Salvino Salvini ( March 26 , 1824 -- 1899 in Arezzo ) was an Italian sculptor .
Josué de Castro , born Josué Apolônio de Castro ( 5 September 1908 in Recife -- 24 September 1973 in Paris ) , was a Brazilian physician , expert on nutrition , geographer , writer , public administrator , and activist against world hunger .
Jan Zahradníček ( January 17 , 1905 , Mastník , near Třebíč , Bohemia − October 10 , 1960 , Vlčatín , near Žďár nad Sázavou , Czechoslovakia ) was a Czech poet of the early and mid-20th century .
Wolfgang Schleif ( b 14 May 1912 in Leipzig , d 21 August 1984 in Berlin ) was a German editor , film director and screenwriter .
Eduard Richter ( 3 October 1847 , Mannersdorf am Leithagebirge -- 6 February 1905 , Graz ) was an Austrian geographer and glaciologist .
Ivor Guy ( born 27 February 1926 in Chipping Sodbury and died 1 September 1986 in Bristol ) was an English footballer who played as a right back .
Reginald DuValle ( Indianapolis , 1893 - -1953 ) was an American jazz pianist and leader of The Blackbirds .
Evgeny Yakovlevich Remez ( sometimes spelled as Evgenii Yakovlevich Remez , Russian : Евге́ний Я́ковлевич Ре́мез ; ( born 1895 in Mstislavl , now Belarus ; died 1975 in Kiev ) was a Soviet mathematician . He is known for his work in the constructive function theory , in particular , for the Remez algorithm and the Remez inequality .
Moses Ironmonger ( c. 1809 -- 25 November 1887 ) was a successful rope manufacturer who , although an orphan from humble beginnings , twice became Mayor of Wolverhampton ( 1857/58 and 1868/69 ) .
Albert Bloch died March 23 , 1961 , in Lawrence , Kansas .
Hilda Spong ( 14 May 1875 London -- 16 May 1955 Ridgefield , Connecticut USA ) , was an acclaimed English actress of stage and screen , appearing in Australia , Europe , and America .
Mohan Upreti was instrumental in bringing the Kumaoni culture and music into national focus by establishing institutions like the Parvatiya Kala Kendra ( Center for Arts of the Hills ) , which he constituted in Delhi , in 1968 .
Johann Altfuldisch ( born November 11 , 1911 , Brückenau , Germany -- died May 28 , 1947 , Landsberg am Lech , Bavaria , Germany ) was SS - Obersturmführer and a guard at Mauthausen - Gusen concentration camp where temporarily he was vice - chief of its central part .
Henriette Herz had grown up in the Berlin of the Jewish emancipation and had shared tutors apparently with the Mendelssohn 's daughters .
Nathaniel Mayer ( February 10 , 1944 -- November 1 , 2008 ) was an American rhythm and blues singer , who started his career in the early 1960s at Fortune Records in Detroit .
Giovanni Srofenaur ( 28 February 1580 -- 8 April 1634 ) was an Italian trumpeter , and served as court trumpeter for the Duke of Mantua during the time of the House of Gonzaga .
Anne Eugénie Blanchard ( 16 February 1896 -- 4 November 2010 ) was a French - Saint Barthélemy supercentenarian , who at the age of 114 years , 261 days was the oldest living person at the time of her death .
Alfredo Guttero ( 26 May 1882 , Buenos Aires -1 December 1932 , Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine Modernist painter and art promoter .
Wilhelm Lambert Krahe ( 15 March 1712 , Düsseldorf - 2 November 1790 , Düsseldorf ) was a German history painter and art collector .
Marcin Odlanicki Poczobutt ( Belarusian : Марцін Адляніцкі-Пачобут ; Lithuanian : Martynas Počobutas ) ( 30 October 1728 near Hrodna -- 7 February 1810 in Daugavpils ) was a Polish--
Rodolfo Ferrari ( Staggia , near San Prospero , Modena , 1864 -- Rome , January 10 , 1919 ) was an Italian conductor .
Colin Vaughan ( 1931 -- 1 January 2000 ) was a television journalist , architect , urban activist and alderman serving the Canadian city of Toronto .
Giacinto Brandi ( 1621 -- 19 January 1691 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque era , active mainly in Rome and Naples .
Ida Krottendorf ( 5 April 1927 , in Ebreichsdorf -- 23 June 1998 , in Vienna ) was an Austrian actress .
Johann Schelle ( Geising , Erzgebirge 6 September 1648 -- Leipzig 10 March 1701 ) was a German Baroque composer .
Randolph Rogers ( July 6 , 1825 in Waterloo , New York -- January 15 , 1892 in Rome , Italy ) was an American Neoclassical sculptor .
Takeo Nakasawa ( February 5 , 1913 , Koichi prefecture , Japan -- June 20 , 1946 , Khabarovsk , Soviet Union ) was a Japanese mathematician who independently invented the theory of matroids , though his work was forgotten for many years .
Viola Gertrude Wells Evans ( 14 December 1902 , Newark , New Jersey - 22 December 1984 , Belleville , New Jersey ) , better known by her stage names Viola Wells or Miss Rhapsody , was an American jazz , blues , and religious singer .
Samuel Oppenheim ( November 19 , 1857 in Braunsberg -- August 15 , 1928 in Vienna ) was an Austrian astronomer .
Carlo Ceresa ( January 20 , 1609 -- January 29 , 1679 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period active mainly around Bergamo .
Francesco Muttoni ( January 22 , 1669-February 21 , 1747 ) was an Italian architect , engineer , and architectural writer , mainly active near Vicenza , Italy .
Marģeris Zariņš ( 24 May 1910 in Jaunpiebalga -- 27 February 1993 in Riga ) was a Latvian composer and writer .
Roman Haubenstock - Ramati ( Hebrew : רוֹמן האובּנשׁטוֹק - רָמָתִי ; 27 February 1919 , in Kraków -- 3 March 1994 , in Vienna ) was a composer and music editor who worked in Kraków , Tel Aviv and Vienna .
Norma Eberhardt died of a stroke at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan on September 16 , 2011 , at the age of 82 .
Joan Dixon ( June 6 , 1930 in Norfolk , Virginia -- February 20 , 1992 in Los Angeles ) was an American film and television actress in the 1950s .
Nathan Coombs ( 1826-December 26,1877 ) was a California pioneer and founder of the city of Napa , California .
Elwyn Lynn trained as a teacher , and was a schoolmaster in Sydney Secondary schools until 1968 ( mainly English and history ) .
Osmar Schindler was born on December 22 , 1869 , in the village of Burkhardtsdorf , but grew up in the small town of Bischofswerda ( both part of the German Empire ) , 33 km east of Dresden .
Antonius Walaeus ( Antoine de Waele , Anton van Wale ) ( October 1573 , Ghent -- 3 July 1639 , Leiden ) was a Dutch Calvinist minister , theologian , and academic .
Gina Bachauer ( Greek : Τζίνα Μπαχάουερ ; May 21 , 1913 , Athens -- August 22 , 1976 , Athens ) , was a Greek classical pianist who toured extensively in the United States and Europe .
Scott Monroe Sterling ( March 2 , 1962 -- August 27 , 1987 ) , known by the stage name DJ Scott La Rock , was an American hip hop disc jockey ( DJ ) and music producer from the Bronx borough of New York City .
Alfred Kantor ( 7 November 1923 , in Prague -- 16 January 2003 , in Yarmouth , Maine ) was a Czech - born Holocaust survivor , artist and author of The Book of Alfred Kantor .
Józef Kościelski ( 9 November 1845 , Służewo - 22 June 1911 , Poznań ) was a Polish poet , politician and parliamentarian , co - founder of the Straż ( Guard ) society .
Lajos Jánossy ( 2 March 1912 , Budapest -- 2 March 1978 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian physicist , astrophysicist and mathematician and a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Johann Anton André ( October 6 , 1775 , Offenbach am Main -- April 6 , 1842 , Offenbach am Main ) was a German composer and music publisher best known for his central place in Mozart research .
Adolph Emmerling ( 13 June 1842 , Freiburg i m Breisgau -- 17 March 1906 , Baden - Baden ) was a German chemist , known for his research in the field of agricultural chemistry .
Heinrich Lammasch ( May 21 , 1853 , Seitenstetten -- January 6 , 1920 , Salzburg ) was an Austrian jurist .
Demeter Koko ( 13 June 1891 in Linz -- 27 October 1929 in Linz ) was an Austrian graphic artist active in the early 20th century .
Mart Saar ( 28 September ( O.S. 15 September ) 1882 in Hüpassaare - 28 October 1963 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian composer , organist and collector of folk songs .
Francesco Torbido ( Venice 1486 - -1562 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Verona and Venice .
Anne Sophie Swetchine ( née Sofia Petrovna Soymonova ; November 22 , 1782 -- 1857 ) , known as Madame Swetchine , was a Russian mystic , born in Moscow , and famous for her salon in Paris .
Charles Sillem Lidderdale ( September 28 , 1830 , St . Petersburg - June 7 , 1895 , London ) was a British artist whose work often focused on portraits of young women in outdoor settings .
Justin Harvey Smith ( 1857 , Boscawen , New Hampshire -- 1930 , Brooklyn , New York ) was an American historian , specialist on the Mexican - American War .
Khelil Bouhageb ( born Tunis , August 27 , 1863 - died La Marsa , February 8 , 1942 ) was a Tunisian politician and reformer .
Franz Theodor Kugler ( 19 January 1808 , Stettin -- 18 March 1858 , Berlin ) was an art historian and cultural administrator for the Prussian state .
Omar Oussedik ( transliterated variously ) ( 1920 or 1922 in Ain El Hammam , Algeria -- June 1992 in Algiers , Algeria ) was an Algerian nationalist politician and independence leader , born in a Berber family from the Kabylie region .
Jakob Björck , ( 1727 or 28 -20/2 1793 in Stockholm ) , was a Swedish portrait painter and copyist .
Hans Jelmoli ( January 17 , 1877 in Zürich -- May 6 , 1936 ) was a Swiss composer and pianist .
Joris Hoefnagel or Georg Hoefnagel ( 1542 , Antwerp -- 24 July 1601 , Vienna ) was a Flemish painter , printmaker , miniaturist , draftsman and merchant .
William Hazledine ( 1763 , in Waters Upton , Shropshire -- 26 October 1840 , in Shrewsbury , Shropshire ) was a pioneering English Ironmaster whose talent for casting structural ironwork helped to realise the designs of engineers such as Thomas Telford and architects including Henry Goodridge and Charles Bage .
Just Friedrich Rudolph Kaufmann Höhne ( 1831 -- Bloemfontein , 19 April 1879 ) , commonly known as Friedrich Kaufmann Höhne , South African ( Boer ) politician , Government Secretary and in 1872 Acting State President of the Orange Free State , during the absence of State President Brand .
Tuomas Anhava ( 5 June 1927 , Helsinki -- 22 January 2001 , Helsinki ) was a Finnish writer and recipient of the Eino Leino Prize in 1989 .
Dmitry Vasiliyevich Ageev ( Russian : Дмитрий Василиевич Агеев ; 21 February 1911 , Saint Petersburg , Russian Empire -- 31 July 1997 , Nizhny Novgorod , Russia ) was an outstanding Russian scientist and educator in the field of radio engineering .
Gyula Mándi , also referred to as Mándi Gyula or Julius Mandel ( born 21 January 1899 , in Budapest- died 18 October 1969 , in Budapest ) was a Hungarian footballer and manager .
Constant Dutilleux ( 5 October 1807 , Douai - 21 October 1865 , Paris ) was a 19th - century French painter , illustrator and engraver .
Abu al - Waleed Ahmad Ibn Zaydún al - Makhzumi ( 1003 - 1071 ) known as Ibn Zaydún ( Arabic full name,أبو الوليد أحمد بن زيدون المخزومي ) was a famous Arab poet of Cordoba and Seville .
Charles - Louis - Joseph - Xavier de la Vallée - Poussin ( 1827 , Namur--1903 , Brussels ) was a Belgian geologist and mineralogist .
Dan Spătaru ( Romanian pronunciation : ( dan spəˈtaru ) ; October 2 , 1939 in Aliman , Constanţa County -- September 8 , 2004 in Bucharest ) was a Romanian singer , most famous for his song `` Drumurile '' .
José Gola ( February 7 , 1904 - April 27 , 1939 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine film actor of the 1930s .
Arthur George Perkin , DSc , FRS ( 1861 - -1937 ) was an English chemist and Professor of Colour Chemistry and Dyeing at the University of Leeds .
Alexander Ivanovich Konovalov ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Ива́нович Конова́лов ) ( September 17 , 1875 , Moscow - January 28 , 1949 , Paris , France ; Sainte - Geneviève - des - Bois Cemetery ) was a Russian Kadet politician and entrepreneur .
Marion Gering ( June 9 , 1901 , Rostov - on - Don -- April 19 , 1977 , New York City ) was a Russian - born American stage producer and director .
Abraham Constantin ( 1 December 1785 -- 10 March 1851 ) , a Swiss enamel painter , was born at Geneva .
Blessed Thomas Whitbread ( alias Harcourt ) ( born in Essex , 1618 ; executed at Tyburn , 30 June 1679 ) was an English Jesuit missionary , wrongly convicted of conspiracy to murder Charles II of England .
Ascanio Filomarino ( 1583 -- November 3 , 1666 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal , who was Archbishop of Naples from 1641 to 1666 .
Silas Aaron Hardoon ( Chinese : 哈同 ; pinyin : Hātóng ; 1851 - -1931 ) was a wealthy businessman and well - known public figure in the city of Shanghai in the early 20th century .
Ignacij Klemenčič ( Kamni Potok , 6 February 1853 - Trebnje , 5 September 1901 ) was a Carniolan physicist of Slovene descent .
Joan Dickson ( 21 December 1921 in Edinburgh -- 9 October 1994 in London ) was one of the great cello teachers of the twentieth century .
Esther Streit - Wurzel died following a serious illness on 7 December 2013 , aged 81 , in Petah Tikva , Central District , Israel .
Julien Hébert ( August 19 , 1917 -- May 24 , 1994 ) was a Québécois industrial designer , perhaps most famous for creating the logo of the Montreal World Exposition , Expo 67 .
The marriage of `` John Meares Esq . of Frome , ( Cornwall ) , to Miss Mary Anne Guilleband , at the Abbey church , Bath '' was noted in The Whitehall Evening Post of 9 July 1796 .
Lamberto I da Polenta ( died 1316 ) was lord of Ravenna from 1297 until his death .
Augusts Kirhenšteins , formerly spelt Kirchenšteins ( 18 September 1872 in Mazsalaca -- 3 November 1963 in Riga ) , was a Latvian microbiologist and educator .
Joseph Wolpe ( 20 April 1915 in Johannesburg , South Africa -- 4 December 1997 in Los Angeles ) was a South African psychiatrist , one of the most influential figures in Behavior Therapy .
Anton Hammerl ( 12 December 1969 -- 5 April 2011 ) was a photojournalist shot and killed by troops loyal to Muammar Gaddafi outside of Brega while covering the Libyan Civil War on 5 April 2011 .
Wilfred Jackson was born in Chicago , Illinois on January 24 , 1906 and died in Balboa Island , Newport Beach , California on August 7 , 1988 at age 82 .
Louis Édouard Bureau ( 25 May 1830 in Nantes -- 14 December 1918 in Paris ) was a French physician and botanist .
Carlo Annovazzi ( 24 May 1925 -- 10 October 1980 ) was an Italian footballer who played for AC Milan , Atalanta , Anconitana , Pro Patria and Città di Castello .
Keppetipola Disawe was one of the Sinhala leaders who signed the `` ' ' Udarata Treaty '' '' at Kandy on 2 March 1815 , bringing the whole island under the British rule .
Ludwig Scharf ( 2 February 1864 , at Meckenheim ( Pfalz ) , then Kingdom of Bavaria - August 21 , 1939 , near Kaposvár , then Kingdom of Hungary ) was a German lyricist and translator .
Sir Mark Rainsford ( circa 1652 -- 28 November 1709 ) was an Irish Lord Mayor of Dublin and the original founder of what was to become the Guinness Brewery .
Colonel Gerhard Wilck ( 17 June 1898 , Löbau , West Prussia - 5 April 1985 , Rheinbreitbach ) was the German commander who defended the German city Aachen in the Battle of Aachen .
Anton Eleutherius Sauter ( 18 April 1800 in Grossarl -- 1881 in Salzburg ) was an Austrian physician and botanist .
Abraham Janssens was born in Antwerp as the son of Jan Janssens and Roelofken van Huysen or Nuyssen .
Uno Cygnaeus ( 12 October 1810 Hämeenlinna -- 2 January 1888 Helsinki ) was a Finnish clergyman , educator , and chief inspector of the country 's school system .
Sigismund Friedrich Hermbstädt ( 16 April 1760 , Erfurt -- 22 October 1833 , Berlin ) was a German pharmacist and chemist who wielded great influence on the improvement of science education for pharmacists .
Perry Bradford ( 14 February 1893 , Montgomery , Alabama -- 20 April 1970 , New York City ) was an African - American composer , songwriter , and vaudeville performer .
There is no historical record of Caesarion between 44 BC until the Donations of Antioch in 36 BC . Two years later he also appears at the Donations of Alexandria .
Jeillo Edwards ( 23 September 1942 , Freetown , Sierra Leone -- 2 July 2004 , London , England ) was a Sierra Leonean actress , who is notable in the history of black actors in Britain .
Johannes Ruysch ( c. 1460 ? in Utrecht -- 1533 in Cologne ) , a.k.a . Johann Ruijsch or Giovanni Ruisch was an explorer , cartographer , astronomer , manuscript illustrator and painter from the Low Countries who produced a famous map of the world : the second oldest known printed representation of the New World .
Joan Sales i Vallès ( Barcelona , November 19 , 1912 -- November 12 , 1983 ) was a Catalan writer poet , translator and editor .
Paulus van Liender ( 1731 , Utrecht -- 1797 , Haarlem ) , was an 18th - century landscape painter and draughtsman from the Northern Netherlands .
Henri Guédon ( born May 22 , 1944 in Fort de France in Martinique - died on February 12 , 2006 in Paris , France after heart surgery ) was a Martiniquan percussionist .
Ugo Attardi ( 12 March 1923 in Sori -- 20 July 2006 in Rome ) was an Italian painter , sculptor and writer .
Moshe Goshen - Gottstein ( Hebrew : משה גושן - גוטשטיין ) ( born 1925 ; died 1991 ) was a German - born professor of Semitic linguistics and biblical philology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and director of the lexicographical institute and Biblical research institute of Bar - Ilan University .
Ahmet Samim Bilgen ( April 12 , 1910 Thessaloniki , Salonica Vilayet , Ottoman Empire -- September 9 , 2005 Ankara ) was a Turkish lawyer , best known for his musical career as a violinist and composer .
Al - Mu'tazz ( 847 -- July / August 869 ) ( Arabic : المعتز‎ ) was the title of the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 866 to 869 , during the `` Anarchy at Samarra '' .
Shek Wing - cheung ( 1 January 1913 -- 3 June 2009 ) , better known by his stage name Shih Kien ( Cantonese : Shek Kin ; Mandarin : Shi Jian ) , was a Hong Kong - based Chinese actor .
Edward Graham Paley , usually known as E. G. Paley ( 3 September 1823 -- 23 January 1895 ) , was an English architect who practised in Lancaster , Lancashire , in the second half of the 19th century .
George Spencer Watson R.O.I. , R.P. , A.R.A. , R.A. ( 8 March 1869 , in London -- 11 April 1934 , in London ) was an English portrait artist of the late romantic school who sometimes worked in the style of the Italian Renaissance .
Gustav August Rudolph Crasemann ( * August 14 , 1841 in Hamburg , † November 24 , 1929 in Blankenese ) was a Hamburg businessman and parliamentarian .
Ana Betancourt ( December 14 , 1832 Camagüey , Cuba -- February 7 , 1901 Madrid , Spain ) was a Cuban woman who took a leading role in the war of independence from Spain .
Albert Conti ( 29 January 1887 Gorizia -- 18 January 1967 Hollywood , California , USA ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Italian - American film actor .
Walter Bosshard ( born November 8 , 1892 in Samstagern , Switzerland ; died November 18 , 1975 in Ronda , Spain ) was a Swiss photographer and reporter .
Right Reverend William Lanigan ( May 1820 -- 13 June 1900 ) , was a Roman Catholic Bishop of Goulburn , New South Wales .
Osmar Fortes Barcellos , best known as Tesourinha ( born in Porto Alegre , Rio Grande do Sul , 3 December 1921 -- died on 17 June 1979 ) was an association footballer famous for his remarkable dribbling skills .
Leonid Aleksandrovich Vesnin ( Леони́д Александрович Веснин ) ( 1880 in Nizhny Novgorod -- 1933 in Moscow ) , together with his brothers Alexander Vesnin and Viktor Vesnin , was a leading light of Constructivist architecture .
Anton Günther ( 17 November 1783 , Lindenau , Bohemia ( now part of Cvikov , Czech Republic ) -- 24 February 1863 , Vienna ) was an Austrian Roman Catholic philosopher whose work was condemned by the church as heretical tritheism .
Meinhard of Neuhaus ( also known as Meinhard of Hradec , Czech : Menhart z Hradce ; 1398 -- 3 February 1449 in Říčany ) , was one of the leaders of the moderate Utraquists from 1437 onwards , and was colonel of burgrave of Bohemia .
Jan Gebauer ( October 8 , 1838 , Úbislavice -- May 25 , 1907 , Prague ) was a significant Czech expert on Czech studies and one of the most renowned Czech scientists of all times .
François - Marie Perrot ( 1644 -- 1691 ) was born in Paris and Seigneur de Sainte - Geneviève .
Ned Ward ( 1667 -- 20 June 1731 ) , also known as Edward Ward , was a satirical writer and publican in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth century based in London .
Edel von Rothe ( 27 April 1925 - -19 November 2008 ) was a German ballet dancer with the Deutsche Oper am Rhein in Düsseldorf where she became prima ballerina and ultimately ballet mistress .
Charles Napier Kennedy ( 1852 , London -- 1898 , St Ives ) was a British artist .
Clyde De Vinna ( born July 13 , 1890 in Sedalia , Missouri , died July 26 , 1953 in Los Angeles , California ) was an American film and television cinematographer and director of photography .
During the late 1850s , Brutus de Villeroi went to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in the United States , where he developed several submarines .
Hermógenes López ( Naguanagua , Carabobo , 19 April 1830 -- Valencia , Carabobo , 17 December 1898 ) was a Venezuelan soldier , farmer and acting president of his country between 1887 and 1888 , after the resignation of General Antonio Guzmán Blanco as cause of his voluntary exile in Paris .
Andrzej Herder ( 31 August 1937 , Warsaw , Poland - 21 May 2002 , Łódź , Poland ) was a Polish film and theatre actor .
Louis - Claude Daquin was born in Paris to a family originating from Italy , where his great - great - grandfather took the name D'Aquino after converting to Catholicism in the town of Aquino .
Antoon Jurgens was a Dutch merchant and industrialist , born in Oss , The Netherlands in 1805 , and died there in 1880 .
Nerio I Acciaioli ( full name Rainerio ; died 25 September 1394 ) was as Italian aristocrat from Florence who rose to power in Frankish Greece during the last decades of the fourteenth century , eventually becoming Duke of Athens .
Dr. Ivan Joseph Martin Osiier , ( December 16 , 1888 -- December 23 , 1965 ) , was a Danish fencer from Copenhagen .
Cristoforo di Messisbugo or Cristoforo da Messisbugo ( 15th century -- 1548 ) was a steward of the House of Este in Ferrara and an Italian cook of the Renaissance .
Alexander Ivanovich Mikhailov , or A. I. Mikhailov ( December 6 , 1905 , Russian Empire - February 6 , 1988 , Moscow ) was a Russian / Soviet Engineer and Information Scientist .
The queen dowager passed a window at the Stockholm Palace , followed by Ebba Brahe .
Claudine Chomat , who was born 7 February 1915 at Saint - Etienne ( Loire ) in France , and died on 14 October 1995 in Boulogne - Billancourt ( Hauts - de - Seine ) , was a member of the French Resistance and a French communist militant .
Jakob Anderegg ( 11 March 1829 , in Oberwil i m Simmental -- 17 September 1878 , in Meiringen ) was a Swiss mountain guide and the first ascensionist of many prominent mountains in the western Alps during the golden and silver ages of alpinism .
Michael Kmit ( Ukrainian : Михайло Кміт ) ( 25 July 1910 Stryi , Lviv -- 22 May 1981 Sydney , Australia ) was a Ukrainian painter who spent twenty - five years in Australia .
Nicolas Formé ( Paris 26 April 1567 - -27 May 1638 ) was a French composer .
Ladimir Kwiatkowski ( July 13 , 1928 - March 2 , 1994 ) , better known as Ladmo , co - hosted The Wallace and Ladmo Show , a daily children 's variety show broadcast on KPHO in Phoenix , Arizona .
Carlo Cercignani ( June 17 , 1939 , Teulada -- January 7 , 2010 , Milan ) was an Italian mathematician known for his work on the kinetic theory of gases .
Hannah Vogt ( 3 March 1910 , Berlin -- 13 February 1994 , Göttingen ) was a German historian who wrote the best - selling book The Burden of Guilt - A short history of German 1914 - 1945 .
Bullock was decorated with the award of the Chevalier , Legion of Honour in 1970 , and knighted in 1972 , becoming Sir Alan Bullock and in 1976 was made a life peer as Baron Bullock , of Leafield in the County of Oxfordshire .
Mathias Steuchius ( October 26 , 1644 , Fogdö -- August 2 , 1730 ) was Bishop of the Diocese of Lund , 1694 to 1714 and Archbishop of Uppsala in the Swedish Church from 1714 to his death .
Abraham Halevi ( Adolf ) Fraenkel ( Hebrew : אברהם הלוי ( אדולף ) פרנקל‎ ; February 17 , 1891 , Munich , Germany -- October 15 , 1965 , Jerusalem , Israel ) , known as Abraham Fraenkel , was a German - born Israeli mathematician .
Ludwig Burger ( 19 September 1825 Krakow - 22 October 1884 Berlin ) was a German historical painter and illustrator .
Thomas Willing was born in Philadelphia , the son of Charles Willing , who twice served as mayor of Philadelphia , and Anne Shippen , granddaughter of Edward Shippen , who was the second mayor of Philadelphia .
Jean - Baptiste Coclers ( Maastricht , 14 October 1696 - Liège , 23 May 1772 ) was a Southern Netherlandish portrait painter and a painter of floral still lifes and historical subjects .
On October 28 , 1942 , 78-year - old Julie Wolfthorn and her sister Luise Wolf who , like all other family members except the painter called themselves Wolff or Wolf , were transported to the Theresienstadt concentration camp .
Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren street in Ulaanbaatar is named in his honor .
Werner Schott ( 20 November 1891 , in Berlin -- 6 September 1965 ) was a German actor .
Wilhelm Levison ( 27 May 1876 , Düsseldorf - 17 January 1947 , Durham ) was a German medievalist .
Tommaso Boggio ( 22 December 1877 Valperga -- 25 May 1963 Turin ) was an Italian mathematician .
Louis Jaque ( May 1 , 1919 , Montreal - January 7 , 2010 , Montreal ) was a Canadian painter who belonged to the Quebec modernist movement of the post war period .
Frank Reicher died at the age of 89 at a hospital in Inglewood , California .
Ion Rîmaru ( or , in newer spelling , Râmaru ; b. 12 October 1946 , Caracal -- d . 23 October 1971 , Jilava ) was a Romanian serial killer dubbed `` the vampire of Bucharest '' or `` the blondes ' killer '' .
Vasily Polikarpovich Titov ( Russian : Василий Поликарпович Титов ; c.1650 - -c.1715 ) was a Russian composer , one of the foremost exponents of the so - called Moscow Baroque .
Valter Thomé , his brother Ivar and a third brother , William , founder of the Thomesto Oy timber company , were shot by Reds in Vihti during the Finnish Civil War while trying to cross to the White side of the line .
Francesco Nenci ( Anghiari , April 10 , 1781 -- Siena , March 4 , 1850 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of historic and sacred subjects in a Neoclassical style .
Mustafa Yücel Özbilgin ( June 20 , 1942 , Akçaabat -- May 17 , 2006 ) was a Turkish supreme court magistrate , who was shot dead in the Turkish Council of State courtroom in Ankara , Turkey on May 17 , 2006 by Alparslan Arslan .
Ugo Poletti ( 19 April 1914 -- 25 February 1997 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Vicar General of Rome from 1973 to 1991 , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1973 .
Matthias de Visch or Matthijs de Visch ( 22 March 1702 in Reninge -- 1765 in Bruges ) was a Flemish painter of history paintings and portraits .
Vilém Blodek , born Vilém František Plodek ( October 3 , 1834 , Prague -- May 1 , 1874 , Prague ) , was a Czech composer , flautist , and pianist .
George Labram was an American engineer employed as Chief Mechanical Engineer at the De Beers diamond mines in Kimberley during the Siege of Kimberley .
Madockawando ( born in Maine c. 1630 ; died 1698 ) was a sachem of the Penobscot Indians , an adopted son of Assaminasqua , whom he succeeded .
Aeschines of Sphettus or Aeschines Socraticus ( sometimes but now rarely written as Aischines or Æschines ; Greek : Αἰσχίνης Σφήττιος ; c. 425 BC -- c. 350 BC ) , son of Lysanias , of the deme Sphettus of Athens , was in his youth a follower of Socrates .
On August 29 , 2000 , Rose Hobart died at the Motion Picture and Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills , California , aged 94 , from natural causes .
Arnold Viiding ( 19 March 1911 in Valga , Estonia -- 20 October 2006 in Sydney , Australia ) was an Estonian shot putter and discus thrower .
Clarence Max Fowler ( November 26 , 1918 - February 27 , 2006 ) was an American physicist who worked at Los Alamos between 1952 and 1996 .
Marco Lusini ( Siena 8 September 1936 - Florence 3 October 1989 ) was an Italian artist who worked in painting , sculpture , photography , and poetry .
After initial successes in defeating his enemies at Aquilea , Epulon was defeated in northern Istria and forced to withdraw his forces to the Histrian capital of Nesactium .
Akbar 's courts at Delhi , Agra , and Fatehpur Sikri became centers of the arts , letters , and learning .
Chief Shingabawossin ( recorded variously as Shin - ga - ba W'Ossin , Shin - ga - ba - wossin , Shin - ga - ba - wassin and Shingabowossin , from the Ojibwe : zhingaabewasin `` image stone '' ) ( c. 1763 - c. 1830 ) was an Ojibwa chief about Sault Ste . Marie .
Saint Abundius ( also Abondius , Abundias , or Abbondio ; early fifth century -- 469 ) was a Bishop of Como , Northern Italy .
Francesco Maggiotto or Francesco Fedeli ( also called il Maggiotto ) ( 1738 -- 13 September 1805 ) was an Italian painter born in Venice .
Herman Wirth ( alternatively referred to as Herman Wirth Roeper Bosch , or Herman Felix Wirth or Hermann ) ( 6 May 1885 Utrecht -- 16 February 1981 , Kusel ) was a Dutch - German lay historian and scholar of ancient religions and symbols .
Ludovico Cavaleri ( Milan , 1867 -- Cuvio , Varese , 1942 ) was an Italian painter .
Hermann Heinrich Becker ( born 15 . September 1820 in Elberfeld ; † 9 December 1885 in Cologne ) was a German politician and member of the DFP .
The Blessed Humbert of Romans , O.P. , ( 1190 - 1200 , Romans - sur - Isère -- 14 July 1277 , Valence , Drôme , France ) was a French Dominican friar who served as the fifth Master General of the Order of Preachers from 1254 to 1263 .
Tito Angelini ( 1806 - -1878 ) was an Italian sculptor and leader of the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples , where he was born and died .
Andreas Musalus ( Latin : Andreas Musalus , Italian : Andrea Musalo , Greek : Ανδρέας Μουσάλος ; ca . 1665/6 -- ca . 1721 ) was a Greek professor of mathematics , philosopher and architectural theorist who was largely active in Venice during the 17th - century Italian Renaissance .
Emil Ruder ( 1914 - -1970 ) was a Swiss typographer and graphic designer , who with Armin Hofmann joined the faculty of the Schule für Gestaltung Basel ( Basel School of Design ) .
Louis de Nogaret de La Valette ( Angoulême , 8 February 1593 -- Rivoli , 28 September 1639 ) was a Roman Catholic cardinal and lieutenant general in the French Army .
Thomas William Parsons ( August 18 , 1819 , Boston -- September 3 , 1892 , Scituate , Massachusetts ) was an American dentist and poet .
Also per the Liber Pontificalis , Pope Mark is credited with the foundation of the Basilica of San Marco in Rome , and a cemetery church over the Catacomb of Balbina , just outside the city on lands obtained as a donation from Emperor Constantine .
Robert W. Gibson , AIA , ( 1854 in England -- 1927 in New York City ) was an English - born American ecclesiastical architect active in late - nineteenth- and early - twentieth - century New York City and New York State .
Hans Günther Adler , who wrote under pseudonym H. G. Adler ( July 2 , 1910 , in Prague -- August 21 , 1988 , in London ) , was a German language poet , novelist , scholar , and Holocaust survivor .
Jürgen Ponto ( 17 December 1923 Bad Nauheim , Hesse - 30 July 1977 Frankfurt am Main ) was a German banker and chairman of the Dresdner Bank board of directors .
Fred Steiner died on June 23 , 2011 , at his home in Ajijic , Jalisco , Mexico , after suffering a stroke at the age of 88 .
Alfred Witte ( 2 March 1878 in Hamburg , Germany -- 4 August 1941 in Hamburg , Germany ) , was a German surveyor , astrologer , an amateur astronomer , and the founder of the Hamburg School of Astrology .
Eugène Béjot ( August 31 , 1867 in Paris -- February 28 , 1931 in Paris ) was a French etcher .
Margherita Guarducci ( 20 December 1902 , in Florence -- 2 September 1999 , in Rome ) was an Italian archaeologist , classical scholar and epigrapher .
Alessandro Turchi ( 1578 -- 22 January 1649 ) was an Italian painter of the early Baroque , born and active mainly in Verona , and moving late in life to Rome .
Moody Currier ( April 22 , 1806 -- August 23 , 1898 ) was a lawyer , banker , generous patron of the arts , and Republican politician from Manchester , New Hampshire .
He signed his works as Marko Marulić Splićanin ( `` Marko Marulić of Split '' ) , Marko Pečenić , Marcus Marulus ( or de Marulis ) Spalatensis , or Dalmata .
Conny Vandenbos died in Amsterdam on 7 April 2002 , two weeks after it was announced that she was suffering from lung cancer .
Enrico Polo ( 18 November 1868 in Parma -- 3 December 1953 in Milan ) was an Italian violinist , composer and pedagogue .
Leonhard Päminger also Paminger and Panninger ( Aschach an der Donau , 29 March 1495 - Passau 1567 ) was an Upper - Austrian born Lutheran theologian , poet and composer in Catholic Bavaria .
Isaac Babbitt ( July 26 , 1799 in Taunton , Massachusetts -- May 26 , 1862 in Somerville , Massachusetts ) was goldsmith , in 1839 he invented of a low - friction tin - based metal alloy , Babbitt metal , that is used extensively in engine bearings today .
Hermann Zabel ( 22 September 1832 , Neu - Katzow -- 26 April 1912 , Gotha ) was a German botanist who specialized in the field of dendrology .
Henry Louis Vivian Derozio ( 18 April 1809 -- 26 December 1831 ) was an Indian poet and assistant headmaster of Hindu College , Kolkata , a radical thinker and one of the first Indian educators to disseminate Western learning and science among the young men of Bengal .
John William Theodore Youngs ( usually cited as J. W. T. Youngs , known as Ted Youngs ; 21 August 1910 Bilaspur , Chhattisgarh , India -- 20 July 1970 Santa Cruz , California ) was an American mathematician .
Less than two years after leaving the Senate , Delazon Smith died in Portland on November 19 , 1860 at the age of 44 years .
Princess Anna of Hesse and by Rhine ( German : Prinzessin Anna von Hessen und bei Rhein ; 25 May 1843 -- 16 April 1865 ) was the consort and second wife of Friedrich Franz II , Grand Duke of Mecklenburg - Schwerin .
Adolf Schrödter ( June 28 , 1805 , Schwedt -- December 9 , 1875 , Karlsruhe ) was a German painter and illustrator .
François Marius Granet was born in Aix - en - Provence ; his father was a small builder .
Manolis Angelopoulos ( Greek : Μανώλης Αγγελόπουλος ; 8 April 1941 , Agios Athanasios Dramas , Kavala ( northern Greece ) -- 2 April 1989 , London ) was a popular Greek singer , composer and songwriter of Romani origin .
Margaret Singer died of pneumonia on November 23 , 2003 in Berkeley , California , at the Alta Bates Medical Center .
Adeline Smith died from heart failure in Puyallup , Washington , on March 19 , 2013 , just four days after her 95th birthday .
Chan Yik Yan taught Liuhebafa in Hong Kong and Singapore .
Joseph Callaerts ( sometimes referred to as Jozef ) was born in 1838 in Antwerp , and spent nearly all of his life in that city .
Annemarie Wendl ( 26 December 1914 , Trostberg , Upper Bavaria , Bavaria -- 3 September 2006 , Munich , Bavaria , Germany ) was a German actress .
Josef Sousedík grew up in a poor family in Vsetín in Czechoslovakia .
Michael James Whitty ( 1795 in Nicharee , Duncormick , County Wexford -- 10 June 1873 in Princes Park Liverpool ) was an English newspaper editor and proprietor .
Franz Ignaz Oefele ( 26 June 1721 , Posen - 18 September 1797 , Munich ) was a German painter , etcher , and miniaturist .
Piet Blom ( February 8 , 1934 , Amsterdam -- June 8 , 1999 , Denmark ) was a Dutch architect best known for his ' Kubuswoningen ' ( Cube houses ) built in Helmond in the mid-1970s and in Rotterdam in the early 1980s .
Roger Chastel ( Édouard Henri Roger Chastel ) , was born on March 25 , 1897 in Paris 9th arrondissement of Paris and died on July 12 , 1981 in Saint - Germain - en - Laye .
Ernst Soner ( Nuremberg , December 1572 -- Altdorf bei Nürnberg , 28 September 1612 ) was a German doctor and herbalist .
Harry Gosling died at his home in Twickenham in October 1930 , aged 69 .
Pope Anterus ( died 3 January 236 ) was the Bishop of Rome from 21 November 235 to his death in 236 .
Louis - Eugène Simonis ( 11 July 1810 , in Liège -- 22 November 1893 , in Koekelberg ) was a Belgian sculptor .
John IV , Landgrave of Leuchtenberg ( 1470 in Pfreimd -- 1 September 1531 in Grünsfeld ) was Landgrave of Leuchtenberg from 1487 until his death .
Lila De Nobili ( Castagnola ( Lugano ) , September 3 , 1916 -- Paris , February 19 , 2002 ) was an Italian fashion illustrator , stage designer , and costume designer .
Jesse Grant Chapline ( 13 January 1870 -- 4 July 1937 ) was an American educator and politician who founded distance learning facility La Salle Extension University ( LSEU ) in Chicago .
Johann Georg Ramsauer ( 7 March 1795 in Hallstatt -- 14 December 1874 in Linz ) was an Austrian mine operator and the director of the excavations at the Hallstatt cemetery from 1846 - -1863 .
Julia Bulette ( 1832 -- January 19/20 , 1867 ) , was an English - born American prostitute and madam in Virginia City , Nevada .
Grigore Vasiliu Birlic ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ɡriˈɡore vasiˈli.u birˈlik ) ; January 24 , 1905 in Fălticeni -- February 14 , 1970 in Bucharest ) was a Romanian actor who appeared on stage , on television and in films .
She established an educational institution named as `` Dr. Bhanumathi Ramakrishna Matriculation School '' at Saligramam , Chennai providing free education to the poor .
Francesco Colasuonno ( 2 January 1925 in Grumo Appula -- 31 May 2003 ) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal , Archbishop and Papal Nuncio .
Gibson Gowland ( 4 January 1877 , Spennymoor , County Durham -- 9 September 1951 , London ) was an English film actor .
Karl Schäfer ( 17 May 1909 , in Vienna -- 23 April 1976 , in Vienna ) was an Austrian figure skater and swimmer .
Lucio Bini ( 1908 - -1964 ) was an Italian psychiatrist and professor at the University of Rome La Sapienza , Italy .
David Breakenridge Read ( 13 June 1823 -- 11 May 1904 ) was a Canadian lawyer , educator , author , and Mayor of Toronto in 1858 .
Klaus Stürmer ( born August 9 , 1935 in Glinde ; died June 1 , 1971 in Zürich ) was a German football player .
Milan Nedić was born in the Belgrade suburb of Grocka on 2 September 1878 to Đorđe and Pelagia Nedić .
Columba Domínguez Adalid born on March 4 , 1929 in Guaymas , Sonora , Mexico , reaching very young with her family to the Mexico City .
Elisabeth Bonnes ( Bouness ) , best known under her pen name Ruth Bré ( 1862 - 7 December 1911 in Herischdorf , today Jelenia Góra ) , was a German advocate for matrilineality and women 's rights , a writer , journalist , playwright and radical critic of patriarchy .
Fulvio Testi ( August 1593 in Ferrara -- 28 August 1646 in Modena ) was an Italian diplomat and poet who is recognised as one of the main exponents of 17th - century Italian Baroque literature .
Jaroslav Rössler ( 25 May 1902 , Smilov -- 5 January 1990 , Prague ) was a pioneer of Czech avant - garde photography and a member of the association of Czech avant - garde artists Devětsil ( Butterbur ) .
Blažo Jovanović ( pronounced ( blǎːʒɔ jɔʋǎːnɔʋitɕ ) ) ( Velje Brdo , Podgorica , 28 March 1907 -- Igalo , Herceg Novi , 4 February 1976 ) was the first President of the People 's Assembly of Montenegro .
Princess Luise of Anhalt - Bernburg ( 30 October 1799 , Ballenstedt -- 9 December 1882 , Eller , Düsseldorf ) was a German Princess .
Jerome Weidman ( April 4 , 1913 , New York City -- October 6 , 1998 , New York City ) was an American playwright and novelist .
For his contribution to the motion picture industry , Harry Langdon has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6925 Hollywood Boulevard .
Arvid Mörne ( born 6 May 1876 in Kuopio , dead 15 June 1946 in Kauniainen ) was a Finnish author and poet .
Leopold Jansa ( 23 March 1795 , Wildenschwert ( Czech : Ústí nad Orlicí ) , far north - east Bohemia , Austrian Empire -- 25 January 1875 , Vienna ) was a Bohemian violinist , composer , and teacher .
Paul Westheim ( August 7 , 1886 , Eschwege , Germany -- December 21 , 1963 , Berlin , Germany ) was a German art historian and publisher of the magazine Das Kunstblatt .
Bill Homeier ( August 31 , 1918 Rock Island , Texas -- May 5 , 2001 Houston , Texas ) was an American racecar driver .
Giuseppe Alinovi ( Parma , February 25 , 1811 -- Parma , August 9 , 1848 ) was an Italian painter , mainly painting vedute in a Neoclassical style , often in light watercolors .
Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein ( 6 July 1689 -- 4 June 1763 ) was the Prince - Bishop of Worms , Archbishop of Mainz and Elector of Mainz .
Carl Eduard Gruner ( in English , often referred to as Charles Edward Gruner ) was a Basel - born Swiss engineer , manager of the Swissboring Company and later on a partner at the `` Gruner Brothers '' ( `` Gebr . Gruner '' , today `` Gruner Group '' ) engineering company .
Louise McManus died on May 29 , 1993 in a Natick , Massachusetts nursing home .
John Garrick ( born Reginald Dandy ; 31 August 1902 , Brighton , England -- 22 October 1966 , San Francisco , California ) was a British film actor .
Jacob Johann Köhler ( born 23 November 1698 in Narva -- died 1757 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian printer who published the first Estonian - language Bible in 1739 .
Allan Lockheed kept an informal relationship with the Lockheed Aircraft Corporation until his death in 1969 in Tucson , Arizona .
Dov Schwartzman ( 1921 -- 7 November 2011 ) , also called Berel Schwartzman , was a Haredi Jewish rabbi and rosh yeshiva ( dean ) of Bais Hatalmud , which he founded in the Sanhedria Murhevet neighborhood of Jerusalem and led for over 40 years .
Nicholas Jacquier ( also Nicolaus Jaquerius , Nicolas Jacquier , Nicholas Jaquier , ( d. 1472 Lille ) was a French Dominican and Inquisitor . He became known as demonologist and proponent of witch - hunting .
Antonín Slavíček ( 16 May 1870 , Prague -- 1 February 1910 , Prague ) was a Czech Impressionist painter who worked mostly in the area surrounding Kameničky .
When he later moved to Phoenix , Charles Keating built the Phoenix Swim Club , where Hall Jr. trained .
Baxter Hall was one of nine children born to Lieutenant Nehemiah Hall and Sarah ( Hayward ) , daughter of John Hayward and Hannah Baxter , in Uxbridge , Massachusetts on October 10 , 1757 .
Leonhard of Gorizia ( 1440 -- 12 April 1500 ) was the last Count of Görz from the Meinhardiner dynasty , who ruled at Lienz and Gorizia ( Görz ) from 1454 until his death .
Johann Zelebor ( 5 December 1819 in Eggenburg , Lower Austria -- 19 February 1869 in Vienna ) was an Austrian naturalist , illustrator , and zoologist .
Thomas Appleby Matthews ( 1881 , in Tamworth , Staffordshire -- 22 June 1948 , in Birmingham ) was an English conductor and organist , the son of George Matthews and his wife Rebecca Clarson Bonas .
Jakab Fellner ( Fellenthali Fellner Jakab ; Nikolsburg , 25 July 1722 -- Tata , 12 December 1780 ) was the most important Baroque architect of his generation in Hungary .
Ilie G. Murgulescu ( Cornu , 27 January 1902 - Bucharest , 28 October 1991 ) was a Romanian physical chemist and a communist politician .
François de Casembroot ( Liège , 26 July 1817 -- The Hague , 14 April 1895 ) was an officer of the Royal Netherlands Navy .
Christian Friedrich Wilhelm Jacobs ( October 6 , 1764 -- March 30 , 1847 ) , German classical scholar , was born at Gotha .
Jacobus Luberti Augustini ( 30 April , 1748 , in Haarlem -- 4 August , 1822 , in Haarlem ) , was an 18th - century painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Zygmunt Szweykowski ( Krośniewice , 7 April 1894 -- 11 February 1978 , Poznań ) was a historian of Polish literature who specialized in 19th - century Polish prose .
In 1910 , the Los Angeles Times published a lengthy feature story on Beban in which it wrote : `` George Beban is probably the only American actor who has consecrated his individual efforts to the portrayal of a certain type .
Giuseppe Brentano ( Milan , April 14 , 1862- Milan , December 31,1889 ) was an Italian architect , operating in eclectic styles .
Gerhard Bronner ( 23 October 1922 in Favoriten , Vienna -- 19 January 2007 in Vienna ) was an Austrian composer , writer , musician and a cabaret artist , known for his contribution to Austrian culture in the post - World War II period .
Franklin B. Long ( March 3 , 1842 -- August 21 , 1912 ) was an architect notable for his work in Minneapolis , Minnesota with the firm Long and Kees .
Maximos IV Sayegh ( or Saïgh ) ( born on April 10 , 1878 in Aleppo , Syria -- died on November 5 , 1967 , Beirut , Lebanon ) was Patriarch of Antioch and All the East , and Alexandria and Jerusalem of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church from 1947 until his death in 1967 .
Emil Taubert ( 23 January 1844 , Berlin -- 10 April 1895 , Berlin ) was a German philologist , writer and librettist .
Vladimir Michailovich Jurowski ( Russian : Владимир Михайлович Юровский Tarashcha , 7 ( 20 ) March 1915 -- 26 January 1972 , in Moscow ) was a Ukrainian Soviet film music composer .
Anne Lister died aged 49 of a fever at Koutais ( now Kutaisi , Georgia ) while travelling with Ann Walker .
Baron Frédéric Alfred d'Erlanger ( 29 May 1868 in Paris -- 23 April 1943 in London ) was an Anglo - French composer , banker and patron of the arts .
August Borchard ( 4 July 1864 , Lemgo -- 19 February 1940 , Berlin ) was a German physician and surgeon .
Hendrick van Someren , or Somer ( 1615 or 1607 ) , Amsterdam or Naples -- 1685 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Narcisse Brunette ( 15 August 1808 , Breuvery - sur - Coole -- 8 October 1895 , 2 place Royale , Reims ) was a French architect .
Matrose Hermann Künne ( 12 December 1897 - 23 April 1918 ) was a German sailor killed during World War I. He was based at Zeebrugge as a crewman on the Torpedo boat S53 and died fighting British soldiers during the Zeebrugge Raid .
Giovanni Maria Conti , also called Giovanni dalla Camera ( Parma , active 1617 - 1670 ) was an Italian painter active during the Baroque period in Parma .
Olivier Chesneau ( 1972 in Mozé - sur - Louet - May 17 , 2014 in Nice ) was a French astronomer .
Enrico Mainardi ( 19 May 1897 , Milan -- 10 April 1976 , Munich ) was an Italian cellist , composer , and conductor .
Ettore Gabrici ( Naples , 23 November 1868 -- Palermo , 28 January 1962 ) was an Italian archaeologist and numismatist .
Bohumil Laušman ( 30 August 1903 , Žumberk , Kingdom of Bohemia - 9 May 1963 , Prague ) was a Czech Social Democratic politician .
Patrick Bakker was born on 12 November 1910 in Apeldoorn , the Netherlands and died in Amsterdam on 28 December 1932 .
Salomon Wininger ( 13 December 1877 , Gura Humorului , Bukovina -- December 1968 , in Ramat Gan , Israel ) was an Austrian - Jewish biographer .
Towards the end of 1982 , thanks to a tip off from the local police , Antonio Bardellino managed to evade capture in his Rio de Janeiro apartment .
Reginald Punnett retired in 1940 , and died at the age of 91 in 1967 in Bilbrook , Somerset .
John Lombe ( Norwich , 1693 - Derby , November 20 , 1722 ) was a silk spinner in the 18th century Derby , England .
Sári Fedák ( 26 October 1879 , Beregszász ( present - day Berehove , Ukraine ) -- 25 May 1955 , Budapest , Hungary ) was a Hungarian actress and singer , one of the most well - known prima donnas of her time .
Gaspard Rinaldi ( born May 26 , 1909 in Cannes -- November 24 , 1978 in Marseille ) was a French cyclist .
Koljo Karagiosov ( born July 17 , 1896 in Gabrovo -- 1972 ) was a famous Gabrovian industrialist , German honorary vice - consul .
Henri - Louis Duhamel du Monceau ( 20 July 1700 , Paris - 13 August 1782 , Paris ) , was a French physician , naval engineer and botanist .
František Schmucker ( 28 January 1940 in Horvátjárfalu , Hungary -- 15 July 2004 in Ostrava ) was a Czech football player .
Anastasia Abramova ( 17 June 1902 -- 26 June 1985 ) was a Russian ballerina of the Moscow ballet school .
Andrey Sergeev ( Russian : Андре́й Я́ковлевич Серге́ев , 3 June 1933 , Moscow -- 27 November 1998 , Moscow ) was a Russian writer and translator .
Sophie of Brandenburg - Ansbach ( 23 March 1535 , Ansbach -- 22 February 1587 , Legnica ) was a princess of Brandenburg - Ansbach and by marriage Duchess of Legnica .
André Castelot , born André Storms ( 23 January 1911 , Antwerp -- 18 July 2004 , Neuilly - sur - Seine ) was a French writer , historian and scriptwriter born in Belgium .
Fermo Mino Martinazzoli ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈfermo ˈmiːno martinatˈtsɔːli ) ; Orzinuovi , 3 November 1931 -- Brescia , 4 September 2011 ) was an Italian lawyer , politician and former Minister .
Emilie of Saxony ( 27 July 1516 -- 9 April 1591 ) was the third wife of Margrave George the Pious of Brandenburg - Ansbach .
Henri - Georges Dottin ( 29 October 1863 -- 11 January 1928 ) was a French philologist , professor for Greek language and literature at the University of Rennes , succeeding Joseph Loth in 1911 .
Christiaan Barnard died on 2 September 2001 , while on holiday in Paphos , Cyprus .
Karl von Appen ( 12 May 1900 , Düsseldorf - 22 August 1981 , Berlin ) was a German stage designer and member of the Association of Revolutionary Visual Artists .
Rabbi Moses Samuel Zuckermandl , also Zuckermandel ( born 24 April 1836 , Uherský Brod , Moravia - 27 January 1917 , Breslau ( now Wrocław ) , Silesia ) was a Czech - German rabbi , Talmudist , and Jewish theologian .
Relatives and friends of movie and television director Gilbert Perez ' attended the first night of his wake Thursday night at the Felicidad Room of Arlington Memorial Chapel , 12 G. Araneta Avenue , Quezon City .
After a year of failing health , Virginia Davis - McGhee died of natural causes in her home in Corona , California on August 15 , 2009 , aged 90 .
Agostino Lo Piano Pomar ( Caltanissetta , August 24 , 1871 -- Caltanissetta , July 17 , 1927 ) was a Sicilian lawyer , socialist and politician .
Marcel Buysse ( Wontergem , 11 November 1889- Ghent , 3 October 1939 ) was a Belgian racing cyclist .
Lelio Colista ( 13 January 1629 , Rome -- 13 October 1680 , Rome ) was an Italian Baroque composer and lutenist .
Carl Peter Burnitz ( 14 January 1824 , Frankfurt - 18 August 1886 , Frankfurt ) was a German landscape painter who began as a lawyer .
Ammonius Lithotomos ( Greek : Ἀμμώνιος ; fl . 3rd century BC ) , of Alexandria , was a Greek ( some say Egyptian ) lithotomist .
During Col . William Stacy 's post - war life , he was a pioneer , helping to establish Marietta , Ohio as the first permanent American settlement of the new United States in the Northwest Territory .
Anne Desclos died in 1998 at the age of 90 , in Corbeil - Essonnes , Île - de - France .
Polykarp Leyser III . ( 1 July 1656 , Halle - 11 October 1725 , Celle ) was a German Lutheran theologian , superintendent , chaplain ( Oberhofprediger ) and orientalist .
Stanko Tavčar ( 2 February 1898 in Dobrova , Austro - Hungary -- 11 July 1945 in Ljubljana , Yugoslavia ) was a Slovenian footballer and later a medical doctor .
Joseph Franz Kaiser ( 11 March 1786 in Graz -- 19 September 1859 in Graz ) was an army officer , bookbinder , lithographer and publisher from the Styrian region of Austria .
William Bowers ( January 17 , 1916 in Las Cruces -- March 27 , 1987 in Woodland Hills , California ) was a reporter in Long Beach , California before becoming a screenwriter .
Edith Porada ( 22 August 1912 , Vienna -- 24 March 1994 , Honolulu ) was an art historian and archaeologist , a leading authority on ancient cylinder seals and a professor of art history and archaeology at Columbia University .
Johan Cronman ( November 2 , 1662 -- July 26 , 1737 ) was a Lieutenant General and the Commandant of the Skåne fortress in the Swedish Empire as well as the Governor of Malmö from 1727 to 1737 .
Paul Sophus Epstein ( Warsaw , then part of Imperial Russia , now Poland , March 20 , 1883 -- Pasadena , February 8 , 1966 ) was a Russian - American mathematical physicist .
Robert Rehfeldt ( born Stargard 5 January 1931 : died Berlin 28 September 1993 ) was a German Graphic artist .
On 16 June 1929 his family was summoned to his bedside , and on that Sunday evening General Bramwell Booth died at his home , The Homestead , Hadley Wood , near Barnet , Hertfordshire .
Raimondo Pereda ( Lugano , 1840 - 1915 ) was an Italian - Swiss sculptor .
David Milwyn Duggan ( May 5 , 1879 -- May 4 , 1942 ) was a politician in Alberta , Canada , a mayor of Edmonton , a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta , and a leader of the Conservative Party of Alberta .
Marie - Joseph Kampé de Fériet ( Paris , 14 May 1893 -- Villeneuve d'Ascq , 6 April 1982 ) was professor at Université Lille Nord de France from 1919 to 1969 .
Friedrich Siegmund - Schultze ( 14 June 1885 , in Görlitz -- 11 July 1969 , in Soest ) was a German academic working in theology , social pedagogy and social ethics , as well as a pioneer of peace movements .
Jürgen Moll ( born 16 November 1939 in Karlsbad ; died 16 December 1968 on Bundesautobahn 7 near Egestorf in a car crash ) was a German football player .
Johannes Josephus Aarts ( 18 August 1871 , The Hague -- 19 October 1934 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch painter , illustrator , lithographer , engraver , etcher , writer , academic teacher and director , lecturer , sculptor and book - cover designer .
Diego Ortiz ( c. 1510 -- c. 1570 ) was a Spanish composer and theorist in service to the Spanish viceroy of Naples and later to Philip II of Spain .
Josef Antonín Plánický ( November 27 , 1691 , Manětín -- September 17 1732 , Freising ) was a Czech composer , musician and singer of Baroque era .
The Hon . Theodore Davie ( Brixton , London March 22 , 1852 -- March 7 , 1898 Victoria , British Columbia ) was a British Columbia lawyer , politician , and jurist .
Addison Gardiner ( March 19 , 1797 in Rindge , Cheshire County , New Hampshire -- June 5 , 1883 in Rochester , Monroe County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician who was the Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1854 to 1855 .
Helmar Lerski ( 18 February 1871 , Strasbourg - 19 September 1956 , Zürich ) was a photographer who laid some of the important foundations of modern photography .
Georg Humann ( * 8 December 1847 in Rellinghausen ( now a suburb of Essen ) ; † 18 January 1932 in Aachen ) was a German art historian .
Benjamin Blake ( born 22 February 1751 , in Hackney , London ; died in London 1827 ) was an English violinist , viola player and composer .
Clément Perron ( July 3 , 1929 in Quebec City , Quebec -- October 12 , 1999 in Pointe - Claire , Quebec ) was a Canadian film director and screenwriter .
Jakub Fontana ( born 1710 in Szczuczyn , died 13 April 1773 in Warsaw ) was a Polish architect of Italian origin , a practitioner in the Baroque and Neoclassicism styles , the court architect of Polish kings .
Luigi Fenaroli ( May 16 , 1899 , Milan -- May 8 , 1980 Bergamo ) was an Italian botanist and agronomist .
Alois Anton Führer ( 26 Nov. 1853 , Limburg an der Lahn , Germany - 5 Nov. 1930 Binningen , Switzerland ) was a German Indologist who worked for the Archaeological Survey of India .
Johann Leonhard Hug ( 1 June 1765 , Constance -- 11 March 1846 , Freiburg i m Breisgau ) , was a German Roman Catholic theologian , orientalist and biblical scholar .
Hana Maria Pravda ( born Hana Becková on 29 January 1916 Prague − 22 May 2008 Oxford ) was a Czechoslovakian - born British actress .
Kurd von Schlözer ( original name Conrad Nestor von Schlözer ; 5 January 1822 , in Lübeck -- 13 May 1894 , in Berlin ) was an imperial German historian , diplomat and German Ambassador to the United States from 1871 to 1882 .
Malachi Martin died of a cerebral hemorrhage due to a fall in his apartment in Manhattan in 1999 , four days after his 78th birthday .
George Dymond ( c.1797 -- 29 August 1835 ) was a British architect working mainly in Bristol .
Fernand Holweck ( 1890 in Paris -- 1941 in Paris ) was a French physicist who made important contributions in the fields of vacuum technology , electromagnetic radiation and gravitation .
Jerzy Borejsza ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjɛʐɨ bɔˈrɛjʂa ) ; born Beniamin Goldberg ; 1905 in Warsaw -- 1952 in Warsaw ) , was a Polish communist activist and writer , chief of the communist press and publishing syndicate in the Stalinist period of the People 's Republic of Poland .
When Cosimo II de ' Medici built the Loggia del Grano in Florence , Chiarissimo Fancelli provided a bust of Cosimo , and a fountain on the corner of the building , the Fontana del Mascherone .
Pierre Paul Émile Roux FRS ( December 17 , 1853 , Confolens , Charente -- November 3 , 1933 , Paris ) was a French physician , bacteriologist and immunologist .
Liudas Gira ( 27 August 1884 in Vilnius -- 1 July 1946 in Vilnius ) was a Lithuanian poet , writer , and literary critic .
Harnam Singh Saini was a notable Indian revolutionary who participated in Ghadar Conspiracy and was hanged by British colonial government on 16 March 1917 in Lahore for instigating revolt against the empire .
René Portocarrero ( born Havana , 24 February 1912 ; died Havana , 27 April 1985 ) was a Cuban artist recognised internationally for his achievements .
Victor Huguenin studied under Jules Ramey at the École des Beaux - Arts in Paris .
Zdeněk Lukáš ( 21 August 1928 in Prague -- 13 July 2007 in Prague ) was a prolific Czech composer having composed over 330 works .
Ludwig Gumplowicz ( born March 9 , 1838 in Kraków ; died August 20 , 1909 in Graz , Austria - Hungary ) , was one of the founders of European sociology .
Danilo Michelini ( born March 5 , 1917 in Lucca ; died in 1983 ) was an Italian professional football player and coach .
William Edward Hodgson Berwick ( 11 March 1888 in Dudley Hill , Bradford -- 13 May 1944 in Bangor , Gwynedd ) was a British mathematician , specializing in algebra , who worked on the problem of computing an integral basis for the algebraic integers in a simple algebraic extension of the rationals .
Eduard van der Nüll ( 9 January 1812 ( baptized ) -- 4 April 1868 ) was an Austrian architect , who was one of the great masters in the historicist style of Vienna 's Ringstrasse .
Laurentius Petri Gothus ( died February 12 , 1579 ) was the second Swedish Lutheran Archbishop of Uppsala , Sweden , in 1575 - -1579 .
Menahem Nahum Trebitsch ( Nehemiah ) ( August 14 , 1779 , Prague - July 4 , 1842 , Prague ) was a Czech rabbi .
Heinrich Greinacher ( May 31 , 1880 in St. Gallen -- April 17 , 1974 in Bern ) was a German - Swiss physicist .
Hans von Pechmann ( Nürnberg , 1 April 1850 - Tübingen , 19 April 1902 ) was a German chemist , renowned for his discovery of diazomethane in 1894 .
Olga Thinn ( born 12 June 1858 in Drammen , died 6 January 1943 at Vinderen , Oslo ) , née Olga Wegner , was a Norwegian humanitarian and women 's rights leader .
Wallace Bishop ( b. Feb. 17 , 1906 , Chicago , Illinois - d. May 2 , 1986 , Hilversum , the Netherlands ) was an American swing jazz drummer .
Stephan Krehl ( 5 July 1864 -- 9 April 1924 , Leipzig ) was a German composer , teacher , and theoretician .
Wilhelm Hoegner ( 23 September 1887 in Munich -- 5 March 1980 in Munich ) was the second Bavarian prime minister ( SPD ) after World War II ( 1945 - -46 and 1954 - -57 ) and father of the Bavarian constitution .
In 1926 , while on vacation in Palanga , Petras Vileišis died , and was buried in Kaunas .
Juan José de Jesús Yas ( 1856 - 1917 ) was a Japanese photographer who established himself in Antigua Guatemala , Guatemala and documented that city toward the end of the 19th century and early 20th century .
Émile Jonassaint ( May 20 , 1913 , Port - de - Paix October 24 , 1995 , Port - au - Prince ) was a Haitian Supreme Court Justice and political figure .
Johannes Voorhout ( 11 November 1647 in Uithoorn , North Holland -- 12 May 1723 in Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Zoltán Meskó de Széplak ( 12 March 1883 , Baja - 10 June 1959 , Nagybaracska ) was a leading Hungarian Nazi during the 1930s .
Friedrich Rochleder ( 15 May 1819 -- 5 November 1874 ) was an Austrian chemist born in Vienna .
Following a promising day the official presidential residence of Quinta de Olivos in the Buenos Aires suburb of Olivos , Juan Perón suffered a final attack on Monday , 1 July 1974 and died at 13:15 .
Louis Frederick of Saxe - Hildburghausen ( 11 September 1710 , Hildburghausen -- 10 June 1759 , Nijmegen ) , was a Prince of Saxe - Hildburghausen and General Field Marshal in the Bavarian army .
Stanislas - Henri Rouart ( 2 October 1833 , Paris -- 2 January 1912 , Paris ) was a French industrialist , impressionist painter , and art collector .
Max Ehrmann ( September 26 , 1872 -- September 9 , 1945 ) was an American writer , poet , and attorney from Terre Haute , Indiana , widely known for his 1927 prose poem `` Desiderata '' ( Latin : `` things desired '' ) .
Eugene Schuyler ( Ithaca , New York , February 26 , 1840 -- Venice , Italy , July 16 , 1890 ) was a nineteenth - century American scholar , writer , explorer and diplomat .
Ezio Carabella ( Rome , 3 March 1891 -- Rome , 19 April 1964 ) was an Italian operetta , song and film music composer .
Louis McLane ( May 28 , 1786 -- October 7 , 1857 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington , in New Castle County , Delaware , and Baltimore , Maryland .
Joshua Toulmin Smith drowned in 1869 at Lancing , West Sussex .
Hermann Ritter ( 16 September 1849 , Wismar -- 25 January 1926 , Würzburg ) was a German viola player , composer and music historian .
Hans Bemmann ( April 27 , 1922 Groitzsch near Leipzig -- April 1 , 2003 Bonn ) was a German writer .
François Devienne ( French : ( dəvjɛn ) ; 31 January 1759 -- 5 September 1803 ) was a French composer and professor for flute at the Paris Conservatory .
Giacomo Gorrini ( 1859 , Molino dei Torti - 31 October 1950 , Rome ) was an Italian diplomat .
Nikola Dobrović ( pronounced ( nǐkola dǒːbrovit͡ɕ ) ; February 12 , 1897 in Pécs - January 11 , 1967 in Belgrade ) was a Serbian architect , teacher and urban planner .
Francesco Maria Schiaffino ( 1688 -- January 3 , 1763 ) was an Italian sculptor of the Rococo or late - Baroque , mainly active in his native city of Genoa .
Marianne Bachmeier ( 3 June 1950 in Sarstedt -- 17 September 1996 in Lübeck ) became famous in Germany after she shot the alleged murderer of her daughter Anna Bachmeier in an act of vigilantism in the hall of the District Court of Lübeck in 1981 .
Jean - Nicolas de Francine ( 1662 - -1735 ) was a director of the Opéra national de Paris .
Pastora Pavón Cruz , known as La Niña de los Peines ( Seville , Spain , February 10 , 1890 - November 26 , 1969 ) , is considered the most important woman flamenco singer of the 20th century .
Isocrates was born to a wealthy family in Athens and received a first - rate education .
Alice Spencer Geddes Lloyd ( November 13 , 1876 -- September 4 , 1962 ) was an American social reformer who founded Alice Lloyd College in Pippa Passes , Kentucky .
Georges Gasté ( born August 30 , 1869 in Paris - died in 1910 in Madurai , India ) is a French Orientalist painter and photographer .
Čeněk Kottnauer ( 24 February 1910 , Prague -- 14 February 1996 , London ) was a Czech British chess master .
Berndt August Hjorth ( born 1862 in Finland , died 1937 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish businessman , the founder of Bahco group .
George Roupell died in Shalford , Surrey , on 4 March 1974 ( aged 82 ) .
José Sentis ( 11 June 1888 in Tarragona , Spain - 20 March 1983 in Ivry , France ) was a Spanish pianist and composer .
Vladimir Pavlovich Efroimson ( Russian : Владимир Павлович Эфроимсон ; 21 November 1908 , Moscow - 21 July 1989 , Moscow ) was one of the most prominent Soviet geneticists , a former student of Nikolai Koltsov , who was among the geneticists who had to struggle against the persecution of geneticists in the Soviet Union .
Harvey Hart ( born August 30 , 1928 in Toronto , Ontario -- died November 21 , 1989 in Toronto ) was a Canadian television director and producer .
Manuel Pérez y Curis ( May 21 , 1884 -- November 22 , 1920 ) was an Uruguayan poet , born in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Sheikh Abadir Umar ar - Rida ( Somali : Abaadir Umar Ar - Rida , Arabic : أبادير عمر بن رضا‎ ) , also known as Fiqi Umar and Abadir Musa Warwaje'le , was a Muslim cleric and patron saint of the city of Harar in modern - day eastern Ethiopia .
Felix von Hartmann ( 15 December 1851 -- 11 November 1919 ) was a German prelate , who was Archbishop of Cologne from 1912 to 1919 .
Philip Becker ( 1830 - -1898 ) was Mayor of the City of Buffalo , New York , serving 1876 - -1877 and 1886 - -1889 .
Mary Anthony ( 11 November 1916 , Newport , Kentucky -- 31 May 2014 , Manhattan ) was an American choreographer , modern dancer , and dance teacher .
Innocenzo Spinazzi ( 1726 - -1798 ) was an Italian sculptor of the Rococo period active in Rome and Florence .
Remistus ( died in Ravenna , September 17 , 456 ) was a general of the Western Roman Empire , commander - in - chief of the army under Emperor Avitus .
Norbert Moret ( 20 November 1921 in Ménières , Switzerland -- 17 November 1998 in Fribourg ) was a 20th - century Swiss composer , as well as a conductor , pianist , and teacher .
Jorge Debravo was killed in 1967 , at age 29 , when he was the victim of a drunk driving accident in San Pedro , San José January 31 , the day he was born , is celebrated in Costa Rica as the National Day of Poetry .
His administration he cleaned up the finances and created the Banco de la Nación Argentina , Argentina 's national bank , and the prestigious high - school that carries his name , Escuela Superior de Comercio Carlos Pellegrini , public school of noted academic level , part of Universidad de Buenos Aires .
Hugo Gutiérrez Vega was born in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico , on February 20 , 1934 .
Johann or Hans Georg von Arnim - Boitzenburg ( 1583 Boitzenburger Land - April 28 , 1641 Dresden ) was a German general .
Alexandre - Denis - Abel de Pujol or Abel de Pujol ( 30 January 1785 in Valenciennes -- 29 September 1861 in Paris ) was a French painter .
Tadeusz Czacki ( 28 August 1765 , Poryck , Volhynia - 8 February 1813 , Dubno ) was a Polish historian , pedagogue and numismatist .
Abbot Giuseppe Ricciotti , C.R.L. , ( Rome , 1890 -- 1964 ) was an Italian canon regular , Biblical scholar and archeologist .
Elisabeth Eleonore of Brunswick - Wolfenbüttel ( 30 September 1658 in Wolfenbüttel -- 15 March 1729 in Meiningen ) was the eldest daughter of Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick - Wolfenbüttel and his wife Juliane of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Norburg .
William Primrose died from cancer in Provo , Utah on 1 May 1982 .
Ennio Tardini ( 8 September 1879 -- 16 August 1923 ) was an Italian lawyer who laid out the plans for the Stadio Ennio Tardini during his presidency of Parma F.C. Completion of the stadium 's construction was after the death of Tardini .
Juliusz Kaden - Bandrowski ( February 24 , 1885 in Rzeszów -- August 8 , 1944 in Warsaw ) was a Polish journalist and novelist .
George Washington Weidler ( October 22 , 1837 -- September 19 , 1908 ) was a prominent 19th century transportation agent , investor , and business owner in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Bernardino Gaetano Scorza ( Morano Calabro , 29 September 1876 -- Rome , 6 August 1939 ) was an Italian mathematician working in algebraic geometry , whose work inspired the theory of Scorza varieties .
Ronnie Bucknum died in San Luis Obispo , California following complications from diabetes .
Ali Mansur , also known as Mansur ul - Mulk , ( 1895 -- 8 December 1974 in Tehran ) was a Prime Minister of Iran .
Vinzenz Rüttimann ( 20 May 1769 -- 15 January 1844 ) was a leading Lucerne politician during the first half of the nineteenth century .
Fridolin Leiber ( 1853 in Niedereschach -- 1912 in Frankfurt ) was a German painter who produced a number of popular religious prints .
Charles de Bovelles ( Carolus Bovillus ) ( born c. 1475 at Saint - Quentin , died at Ham , Somme after 1566 ) was a French mathematician , and canon of Noyon .
Camillo Pace ( Paglieta , 16 May 1862 - Pescara , 1948 ) was an Italian Protestant pastor known for his work of evangelism and also for having made known , since 1930 , the existence in Germany of a Protestant anti - Nazi resistance .
Johann Andreas Dieze ( Leipzig , 1729 - Mainz , September 25 , 1785 ) was a German Hispanist , translator and librarian .
Didier Anzieu ( French : ( ɑ̃zjø ) ; 8 July 1923 , Melun -- 25 November 1999 , Paris ) was a distinguished French psychoanalyst .
Isabelle Kaiser ( 2 October 1866 , Beckenried -- 17 February 1925 , Beckenried ) was a Swiss writer who produced works in the French and German languages .
Janus Pannonius ( Latin : Ioannes Pannonius , Croatian : Ivan Česmički , Hungarian : Csezmiczei János , or Kesencei ; 29 August 1434 , Čazma -- 27 March 1472 , Medvedgrad castle , nearby Zagreb ) was a Croat - Hungarian Latinist , poet , diplomat and Bishop of Pécs .
Josef Mocker ( 22 November 1835 in Cítoliby -- 15 November 1899 in Prague ) was a Bohemian architect and restorer who worked in a purist Gothic Revival style .
Durga Khote remained active in theatre circuit for many years , especially the Marathi theatre in Mumbai .
Louis Rapkine ( July 14 , 1904 in Tchichenitch of Belarus - December 13 , 1948 in Paris ) was a French biologist , specializing in embryology and enzymology , most known for his efforts in saving and restoring the French scientific community during World War II , largely assisted by the Rockefeller Foundation .
Romolo Bacchini , also credited as Bachini ( Rome , 13 September 1873 -- Rome , 27 March 1938 ) was a filmmaker , musician , painter and Italian dialect poet , who spent his career during the silent movies era .
Virgil Ierunca ( born Virgil Untaru ; August 16 , 1920 , Lădești , Vâlcea County -- September 28 , 2006 , Paris ) was a Romanian literary critic , journalist and poet .
Udo Proksch ( May 29 , 1934 in Rostock , Germany -- June 27 , 2001 in Graz , Austria ) was an Austrian businessman and industrialist .
Leó Frankel ( Léo Fränkel ) ( 25 February 1844 , Újlak -- 29 March 1896 , Paris ) was a Communist revolutionary of Hungarian and Jewish origin .
Alexander Brückner ( 5 August 1834 , Saint Petersburg -- 15 November 1896 , Jena ) was a Baltic German historian who specialized in Russian studies .
Jan Kiliński ( 1760 in Trzemeszno - 28 January 1819 in Warsaw ) was one of the commanders of the Kościuszko Uprising .
Domenico Tripodo ( Reggio Calabria , ca . 1923 − Naples , August 26 , 1976 ) was an Italian criminal and a historical and charismatic boss of the ' Ndrangheta dominating the city of Reggio Calabria and the surrounding areas .
Moritz Heinrich Romberg ( 11 November 1795 -- 16 June 1873 ) was a Jewish physician from Berlin who published his classic textbook in sections between 1840 and 1846 ;
Jean - Baptiste Réveillon , ( Paris , 1725 -- Paris , 1811 ) was a French wallpaper manufacturer .
Jean - Baptiste Hugues ( born in Marseille in 1849 , died in Paris in 1930 ) was a French sculptor .
Salaì was born in 1480 as son of Pietro di Giovanni , a tenant of Leonardo 's vineyard near the Porta Vercellina , Milan .
Jean - Pierre Munch ( June 12 , 1926 - October 17 , 1996 ) was a French road bicycle racer from Strasbourg who won the Paris--
On 26 September 2005 , Gadzhimurat Kamalov organized an unprecedented protest in Makhachkala against the action of the Federal Agency for the Press and Mass Communication to stop the printing and distribution of issues of the Chernovik .
Johann Gregor Memhardt or Memhard ( 1607 in Linz an der Donau -- 1678 in Berlin ) was a master builder , architect and politician .
Bradamante d'Este ( 1550 - 1624 , Ferrara ) was an Italian noblewoman .
Carlo Maratta or Maratti ( 13 May 1625 -- 15 December 1713 ) was an Italian painter , active mostly in Rome , and known principally for his classicizing paintings executed in a Late Baroque Classical manner .
Stanley Baldwin , 1st Earl Baldwin of Bewdley , KG , PC , JP , FRS ( 3 August 1867 -- 14 December 1947 ) was a British Conservative politician , who dominated the government in his country between the two world wars .
Francisco Antonio de Lorenzana y Butrón ( 22 Sept. , 1722 , Leon , Spain -- 17 April 1804 , Rome ) was a Catholic Cardinal , who had also earlier served as Archbishop of Mexico .
Judge Neilson Poe ( August 11 , 1809 - January 4 , 1884 ) was an American judge for the City of Baltimore 's orphan 's court , ( today referred to as a probate court ) .
Antonio Rivera Cabezas ( b. Guatemala City , died May 8 , 1851 ) was a Liberal Central American lawyer and politician .
Johann Gottfried Tulla ( born 20 March 1770 in Karlsruhe ; died 27 March 1828 in Paris ) was a German engineer who accomplished the straightening of the Rhine , improving navigation and alleviating the effects of flooding .
Abraham George Ellis ( 26 August 1846 , Paramaribo -- 29 November 1916 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Vice Admiral and politician .
Carlo Urbani ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkarlo urˈbaːni ) ; Castelplanio , Italy October 19 , 1956 -- Bangkok , Thailand March 29 , 2003 ) was an Italian doctor and microbiologist and the first to identify severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) as a new and dangerously contagious viral disease .
Carlos Víctor Aramayo ( 1889 , Paris -- 1981 , Paris ) was a Bolivian industrialist and one of Bolivia 's three principal tin magnates alongside Simón I. Patiño and Mauricio Hochschild in the early 20th century .
Theodor Luts ( 14 August ( O.S. 2 August ) 1896 in Palamuse -- 24 September 1980 in São Paulo ) was an Estonian film director and cinematographer , brother of classic writer Oskar Luts .
Johann Wilhelm Beyer ( 27 December 1725 in Gotha , † 23 March 1796 in Hietzing ) , a German sculptor , porcelain artist , painter and garden designer .
Eduard Wilhelm Sievers , born March 19 , 1820 in Hamburg , died December 9 , 1894 in Gotha , was a German Shakespeare scholar and professor in Gotha .
Marie Bethell Beauclerc ( 1845 - -1897 ) was a pioneer in the teaching of Pitman 's shorthand and typing in Birmingham , England .
Charles - Jean - François Chéron ( 1635 - 1698 ) , often known as François Chéron , was a French goldsmith , medallist , and painter active in Rome and Paris ; his cousin was the noted painter and poet Élisabeth Sophie Chéron .
Giuseppe Bartolomeo Chiari ( 10 March 1654 -- 8 September 1727 ) , also known simply as Giuseppe Chiari , was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque period , active mostly in Rome .
Bernard of Cluny is an erudite writer , and his poem leaves an excellent impression of the Latin culture of the twelfth century Benedictine monasteries and Catholicism in France in general .
Kim Thompson ( September 25 , 1956 -- June 19 , 2013 ) was an American comic book editor , translator , and publisher , best known as vice president and co - publisher of Seattle - based Fantagraphics Books .
Gaining from his father Huseyngulu Khan a small fate consisting only Quba , Fatali Khan united all adjacent seaside territories around it , establishing an extensive possession which included Derbent , Baku and Shirvan khanates right up to Ardabil in the north of Persia .
Count Władysław Grzegorz Branicki ( born February 25 , 1783 in Warsaw -- died August 27 , 1843 in Warsaw ) was a Polish nobleman , senator and Russian general .
Alston Scott Householder ( Rockford , Illinois , USA , 5 May 1904 -- Malibu , California , USA , 4 July 1993 ) was an American mathematician who specialized in mathematical biology and numerical analysis , inventor of the Householder transformation and of Householder 's method .
Ernst Wiesner , also known as Arnošt Wiesner ( January 21 , 1890 , in Malacky , Kingdom of Hungary , Austro - Hungarian Empire - July 15 , 1971 , in Liverpool ) was a modernist architect , one of the foremost interwar period architects of Brno .
Giovanni Coli ( 1636 - -1691 ) was an Italian painter from Lucca , active in the Baroque style .
Martín Fernández de Enciso ( c. 1470 -- 1528 ) was a navigator and geographer from Seville , Spain .
Ferruccio Ferrazzi ( 15 March 1891 -- 8 December 1978 in Rome ) was an Italian painter and sculptor as well as a professor at Accademia di Belle Arti of Rome .
Gordon Canfield ( April 15 , 1898 in Salamanca , New York - June 20 , 1972 in Hawthorne , New Jersey ) was an American lawyer and politician .
Jakob Eduard Polak ( 12 November 1818 in Mořina ; † 8 October 1891 in Vienna ) was an Austrian physician , born to a Jewish family from Bohemia , who played an important role in introducing modern medicine in Iran .
August Adler ( 24 January 1863 , Opava , Austrian Silesia - 17 October 1923 , Vienna ) was a Czech and Austrian mathematician noted for using the theory of inversion to provide an alternate proof of Mascheroni 's compass and straightedge construction theorem .
Max Ebert ( 4 August 1879 , Stendal -- 15 November 1929 , Berlin ) was a German prehistorian known for his studies involving the Baltic states and South Russia .
Thomas Hill Dixon ( 20 February 1816 -- 30 January 1880 ) was the first Superintendent of Convicts in Western Australia .
Derek Russell Davis FBPsS FRCPsych ( 20 April 1914 -- 3 February 1993 ) was a British psychiatrist who served as the Norah Cooke - Hurle Professor of Mental Health at Bristol University from 1962 to 1979 .
Aziz Mushabber Ahmadi ( A. M. Ahmadi ) was the 26th Chief Justice of India .
Meryibre Khety , also known by his Horus name Meryibtawy , was a pharaoh of the 9th or 10th dynasty of Egypt , during the First Intermediate Period .
Li Jiayue ( Chinese : 李佳悦 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jiāyuè ; born 8 June 1990 ) is a Chinese football defender who plays on the China women 's national football team .
Daniel Sperrle ( born 7 October 1982 in Sundbyberg , Sweden ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender , who played for Dinamo Riga .
Arizona Robbins , M.D. is a fictional character on the ABC television series Grey 's Anatomy , portrayed by Jessica Capshaw .
During The Transformers : The Movie , Cliffjumper is stationed on Moonbase 1 , from which he and Jazz try unsuccessfully to escape when attacked by Unicron .
Ten Scars Make a Man is a 1924 American adventure film serial written by Phillip Barry and directed by William Parke .
The Big Fall is a 2005 Lebanese short animation , written and directed by the Lebanese director Antoine Waked .
The Brazen Bull is an 2011 American thriller / horror released on July 13 , 2011 .
Irada Pakka is a Marathi film released on 23 April 2010 .
Jolly Little Elves is a 1934 animated short film by Walter Lantz that was nominated at the 7th Academy Awards for Best Animated Short film .
East Is West is a 1930 American Pre - Code crime drama film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures .
Yeh Raaste Hain Pyaar Ke ( Hindi : यह रास्ते हैं प्यार के , Urdu : یہ راستے ہیں پیار کے , English : These Are The Path Of Love ) is a 2001 Bollywood romantic drama film .
Sathiyo Chalyo Khodaldham ( Gujarati : સાથિયો ચાલ્યો ખોડલધામ ) is a 2014 Gujarati drama film directed by Samir Jagot and produced by Mihir Patel .
Lady Godiva Rides Again , released in the United States as Bikini Baby , is a 1951 British comedy film starring Pauline Stroud , about a small - town English girl who wins a beauty contest and heads for greater fame after appearing as Lady Godiva in a pageant .
Once Upon a Time in Bolivia ( Spanish : Erase Una Vez en Bolivia ) is a 2012 independent Bolivian road movie that was written , produced and directed by Patrick L Cordova .
Camera de Afrique Is a 1983 documentary .
Hole in the Paper Sky is 2008 short drama film directed by Bill Purple and produced by Jessica Biel and Michelle Purple of Iron Ocean Films .
More Pep is a 1936 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop , and featuring Pudgy the Puppy .
Parked is a 2011 Irish drama film written by Ciaran Creagh and directed by Darragh Byrne about homelessness , friendship , and the will to survive adversity , whilst still retaining poise .
Kuruvi ( English : Sparrow , although the title refers to `` Courier '' ) is a 2008 Tamil action film written and directed by Dharani .
El Inmigrante ( `` The Immigrant '' ) is a 2005 documentary directed and written by brothers David and John Eckenrode along with John Sheedy , about immigrant deaths along the U.S .- Mexico border .
We Will Be the World Champions ( Serbian : Bićemo prvaci sveta ) is a 2015 Serbian drama film directed by Darko Bajić .
Agar.io was first announced on 4chan on 28 April 2015 by Matheus Valadares , a then-19-year - old Brazilian developer .
41 Sekunden ( English : 41 seconds ) is a 2006 German film .
Navajeevana ( Kannada : ನವಜೀವನ ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film , directed by P. S. Murthy and produced by Vadira and Jawahar .
Back to Ararat ( Swedish : Tillbaka till Ararat ) is a 1988 Swedish documentary film about the Armenian genocide .
Under the Bed 2 ( Chinese : 床下有人2 ) is a 2014 Chinese suspense thriller film directed by Yuan Jie .
The Fatal Encounter ( Hangul : 역린 ; RR : Yeokrin ; lit . The King 's Wrath ) is a 2014 South Korean film based on a real - life assassination attempt on King Jeongjo .
Humraaz ( Hindi : हमराज़ , English : Confidant ) is a 2002 Bollywood romantic thriller film directed by duo Abbas - Mustan and produced under Venus Movies banner .
Baby , Sorry ( Chinese : 宝贝,对不起 ) is a 2015 Chinese reality family film directed by Pan Liping , Du Lin , Liu Ke , Li Rui and Wang Jun. It was released on January 31 , 2015 .
The trailer of Tharkappu was released in Malaysia on 27 December 2015 and a premiere show was held thereafter in the country .
The Catcher is a 1998 horror film directed by Guy Crawford and Yvette Hoffman .
Managed Money is a 1934 short comedy film directed by Charles Lamont .
Mom and Dad Save the World is a 1992 sci - fi adventure , family , romantic comedy film .
Grease 2 is a 1982 American musical romantic comedy film and the sequel to Grease , which is based upon the musical of the same name by Jim Jacobs and Warren Casey .
Eggomania is an arcade - style video game released in 1982 by US Games for the Atari 2600 .
The Secret History of 9/11 is a documentary which aired on CBC Television on September 12 , 2006 , to mark the fifth anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
The Stolen Jools ( 1931 ) is a short comedy film produced by the Masquers Club of Hollywood , featuring many cameo appearances by the film stars of the day .
Refrigerator Mothers is a 2003 television documentary film by Kartemquin Films for PBS 's P.O.V. series .
His Guardian Auto is a 1915 American short silent comedy film , directed by Arthur Ellery and Jack Harvey for the Thanhouser Company .
The District ! ( Hungarian : Nyócker ! ) is a 2004 Hungarian caricaturistic animated film directed by Áron Gauder .
Murder 2 is a 2011 Indian psychological thriller film and the quasi - sequel to the 2004 film , Murder and the second film in the series .
`` Candy ( Drippin ' Like Water ) '' , is the third single by Snoop Dogg from his 2006 album Tha Blue Carpet Treatment , produced by Rick Rock .
Escape from Jupiter is an Australian children 's science fiction drama which aired from 10 April 1994 to 3 July 1994 on ABC .
Buy Now , Die Later ( formerly Death and Senses ) is a 2015 Filipino comedy - psychological horror thriller film directed by Randolph Longjas starring Vhong Navarro , Alex Gonzaga , Rayver Cruz , John Lapus , Lotlot de Leon , TJ Trinidad and Janine Gutierrez .
The Last Rescue is a 2015 war film directed by Eric Colley and starring Brett Cullen .
Alien Legacy is a sci - fi strategy game developed by Ybarra Productions , Inc. and published by Sierra On - Line in 1994 for the DOS operating system on the PC .
Black and White ( 1991 ) Extralarge :
Family Resemblances ( French : Un air de famille ) is a 1996 French comedy film .
Vellachi is a 2013 Indian Tamil film directed by debut director Velu Viswanath featuring Pintu and Suchitra Unni in the lead roles .
Leptirica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лептирица , translation The She - Butterfly ) is a 1973 Yugoslav horror TV movie based on the story After Ninety Years ( 1880 ) written by Serbian writer Milovan Glišić .
Balukabela.com is an upcoming Bengali language film directed by Partha Sen. The film was world - premiered in London in May 2012 .
Killer McCoy is a 1947 American film about a boxer .
My Neighbor 's Secret is a 2009 television film .
Norberto 's Deadline ( Spanish : Norberto apenas tarde ) is a 2010 opera prima and tells the story of Norberto .
Sindurer Adhikar is a 1998 Bengali film directed by Anup Sengupta . The film music directed by Anupam Dutta .
Hui Bu Hui ( Will We ) and released on October 13 , 2011 .
Passport Husband is a 1938 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and written by Karen DeWolf and Robert Chapin .
Juwanna Mann is a 2002 American sports romantic comedy film directed by Jesse Vaughan .
The Plex is a 2008 Australian film .
Final Voyage is an action / drama film released in 1999 .
Dazzling Dunks and Basketball Bloopers is a film featuring highlights and bloopers from the NBA from its beginning to the film 's release in 1989 .
Jersey Shore Shark Attack is a 2012 television film that aired on Syfy on June 8 , 2012 and was written by Michael Ciminera and Richard Gnolfo .
Lambert & Stamp is a 2014 American documentary film , produced and directed by James D. Cooper .
Rajadhi Raja Raja Kulothunga Raja Marthanda Raja Gambeera Kathavaraya Krishna Kamarajan is a 1993 Tamil action film directed by Balu Anand .
On the Waterfront is a 1954 American crime drama film with elements of film noir .
Raja Bakthi ( Tamil : ராஜ பக்தி ; English : Loyalty To Crown ) is a 1960 Tamil historical fiction epic film written by V. C. Gopal Rathnam and directed by K. Vembu .
Kurradu ( Telugu : కుర్రాడు , English : Boy ) is a 2009 Telugu film , directed by Sandeep Gunnam .
Ghazal Al Banat ( Arabic : غزل البنات‎ , English : The Flirtation of Girls ) is a ( 1949 ) Egyptian film .
Experiments in the Revival of Organisms is a 1940 motion picture which documents Soviet research into the resuscitation of clinically dead organisms .
Air Buddies is a 2006 straight - to - DVD comedy film .
Generation Iron is a 2013 documentary film which follows the world 's leading bodybuilders as they train and compete for the coveted Mr. Olympia title .
Scorpion 's Revenge ( also known as Sasori in U.S.A. ) is a 1997 Japanese women in prison film directed by Daisuke Goto , and starring Yoko Saito , Shizuka Ochi and Tetta Sugimoto .
Dancing in Water ( Serbo - Croatian : Bal na vodi / Бал на води ) is a 1986 Yugoslavian romantic - drama film directed by Jovan Aćin .
Silence of the North is a 1981 semi - autobiographical Canadian film of author Olive Frederickson , taken from the book of the same name .
Bratty Babies ( Oh , Baby in Canada ) is a Canadian made - for - TV film released in 2001 .
Banjo - Tooie was presented at the 2000 Electronic Entertainment Expo and released on 20 November 2000 .
Legally Blondes ( also known as Legally Blonde 3 ) is a 2009 film of the Legally Blonde series from MGM .
Pilnyeo ( lit . A Needed Woman ) is a South Korean melodrama film directed by Jeong So - yeong in 1970 .
End of the Spear is a 2005 docudrama film that recounts the story of Operation Auca , in which five American Christian missionaries attempted to evangelize the Huaorani ( Waodani ) people of the tropical rain forest of Eastern Ecuador .
The Devil 's Work ( Serbo - Croat : Ðavolja posla ) is a 1965 Yugoslavian animated film .
Dream Team 1935 was first shown to the public in Latvia on November 19 , 2012 .
Apna Sapna Money Money ( English : Money Is Our Dream ) is a Bollywood film released on 10 November 2006 .
Torment of the Past ( Italian : Tormento del passato ) is a 1952 Italian film .
Irvine Welsh 's Ecstasy is a 2011 Canadian dark romantic comedy film adaptation of the short story The Undefeated from the # 1 best - selling book Ecstasy by Irvine Welsh .
But I Do n't Want to Get Married ! is a 1970 American comedy made - for - TV film , starring Herschel Bernardi , Shirley Jones , Brandon Cruz , Nanette Fabray and June Lockhart .
El Hijo de Hernández is an American - made 2013 Spanish feature - length drama film directed by Lorenzo M. Ponce de León and is based on the novel El Hijo de Hernández by Frédéric Conrod , and starring Juan Penalva , Antonio Sarrió , Roxanne Rodríguez , Guglia Rivera , and Kathleen Zamon .
12 Paces Without a Head ( German : Zwölf Meter ohne Kopf ) is a 2009 film set in the North Sea in 1401 .
Show Business at War is a short film made by The March of Time in 1943 to tout the United States film industry 's contribution to the Second World War effort .
A Mouse Tale is a Peruvian - Argentinian - American straight - to - DVD computer - animated film released on February 10 , 2015 by Lionsgate Home Entertainment .
Christmas , Again is a 2014 drama romance written , directed , and produced by Charles Poekel .
Le Jouet criminel ( English : The criminal toy ) is a French short crime film from 1969 .
Wicked ! is the third studio album by German band Scooter , released in 1996 .
O Friend , This Waiting ! is a 2012 Indian , bilingual documentary film in Telugu and English written and directed by Sandhya Kumar , based on the poetry of 17th century Telugu composer Kshetrayya .
Unnale Unnale ( Tamil : உன்னாலே உன்னாலே , English : Because of You ) is a 2007 Tamil musical romance film .
Nanendu Nimmavane ( Kannada : ನಾನೆಂದೂ ನಿಮ್ಮವನೆ ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. S. Phani Ramachandra and produced by Dashami Technicians .
Edegarike ( Kannada : ಎದೆಗಾರಿಕೆ ; English : Guts ) is a 2012 Indian Kannada crime drama film directed by Sumana Kittur , based on the novel of the same name written by Agni Shridhar .
L.I.E. is a 2001 American drama film about a relationship between Howie , a 15-year - old boy , and a middle - aged ephebophile known as `` Big John '' .
The Tiger Blade ( Thai : เสือคาบดาบ or Seua khaap daap ) is a 2005 Thai action film .
Vadina ( Telugu : వదిన ) is a 1955 Telugu drama film directed by M. V. Raman and produced by A. V. Meiyappan under the banner of A. V. M. Productions .
Gejje Naada ( Kannada : ಗೆಜ್ಜೆನಾದ ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Vijay - Nanjundappa .
Number One Shakib Khan ( also known as No1SK ) ( Bengali : নাম্বার ওয়ান শাকিব খান ) is a Bengali social action drama film directed by Badiul Alam Khokon and it was released in Eid Ul Fitr 2010 .
The Lion Has Wings is a 1939 British , black - and - white , documentary - style , propaganda war film .
Pirates of Tortuga is a 1961 American Swashbuckler film which invented an alternate history for the actual Welsh privateer Henry Morgan .
Puli Varunne Puli is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Harikumar and produced by PKR Pillai .
Sword of the Avenger is a 1948 American adventure film directed by and starring Ramon Delgado , Sigrid Gurie , and Ralph Morgan .
The 6th Marine Division on Okinawa is a 1945 Kodachrome color documentary film produced about the action of the 6th Division during the Battle of Okinawa .
Fatherhood USA is a three - part mini - series originally broadcast nationally on PBS in 1998 .
Suvarna Sundari is a popular Telugu film produced in 1957 in the golden era of the Telugu film industry .
En ny jul was released on 26 November 2001 , and is a Magnus Carlsson Christmas albums .
Strong Fathers , Strong Daughters : 10 Secrets Every Father Should Know is a 2007 parenting book by Meg Meeker , MD , which provides guidance to fathers on raising their daughters .
Dharma Vijaya ( Kannada : ಧರ್ಮ ವಿಜಯ ) is a 1959 Indian Kannada film , directed by N. Jagannath and produced by T Madar .
Kicking It is a 2008 documentary film directed by Susan Koch and Jeff Werner focusing on the experiences of seven homeless people at the Homeless World Cup football ( soccer ) game .
A Year Along the Abandoned Road ( Norwegian : Året gjennom Børfjord ) is a Norwegian short film shot over a period of 105 days in 1988/1989 and released in 1991 .
The Boy in the Plastic Bubble is a 1976 made - for - TV movie inspired by the lives of David Vetter and Ted DeVita , who lacked effective immune systems .
Press Start is a 2007 independent film produced by Dark Maze Studios .
For Horowitz ( Hangul : 호로비츠를 위하여 ; RR : Horobicheu - reul Wihayeo ; lit . `` Hurrah for Horowitz '' ) is a 2006 South Korean drama film directed by Kwon Hyung - jin and starring Uhm Jung - hwa , Shin Eui - jae and Park Yong - woo .
Veera Vikrama ( Kannada : ವೀರವಿಕ್ರಮ ) is a 1965 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by S R Rajan .
Behind You ( Spanish : A tus espaldas ) is a 2011 Ecuadorian drama film written and directed by Tito Jara .
Flight Command is a 1940 American film about a cocky U.S. Navy pilot who has problems with his new squadron and falls for the wife of his commander .
That Guy Dick Miller is a 2014 documentary that was directed by Elijah Drenner .
Relative Fear ( also known as The Child and Le silence d'Adam ) is a 1994 Canadian , independent , psychological horror film that references the 1956 film The Bad Seed .
Reluctant Heroes is a 1951 British comedy filmed in Technicolor .
The theatrical trailer of Shortcut Romeo was unveiled on 25 January 2013 .
A Mighty Wind is a 2003 American mockumentary comedy - drama film about a folk music reunion concert in which three folk bands reunite for a television performance for the first time in decades .
Ssaki ( English translation : Mammals ) was a short film written and directed by Roman Polański in 1961 .
Nothing But Lies ( French : Rien que des mensonges ) is a 1991 French - Swiss drama film directed by Paule Muret .
The Spring Festival ( Chinese : Guo nian ) is a 1991 Chinese drama film directed by Huang Jianzhong .
OK , Good premiered at the 2012 Slamdance Film Festival , and made its international debut at the 59th Annual Sydney Film Festival .
Return of the Boogeyman ( also known as Boogeyman III ) is a 1994 horror film by American director Deland Nurse .
The Cookie Carnival is an animated short produced by Walt Disney Productions and originally released May 25 , 1935 .
Welcome to the Dollhouse is a 1995 American coming of age black comedy film .
Dhana Pishachi ( Kannada : ಧನ ಪಿಶಾಚಿ ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film , directed by S. N. Singh and produced by S N Singh .
The Trunk is a low budget , black and white 1961 British mystery film directed by Donovan Winter and starring Phil Carey , Julia Arnall and Dermot Walsh .
Kaliyorukkam is a 2007 Indian Malayalam film directed by S Sunil .
Drylanders is a 1963 Canadian film directed by Don Haldane from a screenplay by M. Charles Cohen .
Night Flight from Moscow ( also known as Le Serpent ) is a Franco - German - Italian thriller released in 1973 .
Yanks is a 1979 period drama film set during World War II in Northern England .
Plug & Pray is a 2010 documentary film about the promise , problems and ethics of artificial intelligence and robotics .
Giv'at Halfon Eina Ona ( Hebrew : גבעת חלפון אינה עונה‎ ) also credited as Halfon Hill Does n't Answer , is a cult Israeli comedy film produced in 1976 .
New World Disorder IV - Ride the Lightning is the title of the fourth film in the New World Disorder Mountain - biking film series , the film was released in 2003 and was enough of a success that another film was produced as a result of it .
Searching for the Elephant ( Hangul : 펜트하우스 코끼리 ; RR : Penteuhauseu Kokkiri ; lit . `` Penthouse Elephant '' ) is a 2009 South Korean psychological thriller written , directed and produced by S.K. Jhung ( a.k.a . Jhung Seung - koo ) .
Intermezzo criminal is a 1953 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth .
Finding His Voice ( 1929 ) is a short film , created as an instructional film on how the Western Electric sound - on - film recording system worked .
Raja Satyavrata ( Kannada : ರಾಜ ಸತ್ಯವ್ರತ ) is a 1961 Indian Kannada film , directed by D Shankar Singh and produced by N Bhakta Vatsalan .
Desert Wonderland is a 1942 American short documentary film directed by Russ Shields and Jack Kuhne exploring the Grand Canyon .
Sem Controle ( English : No Control ) also known as The Last Madness , is a 2007 Brazilian drama thriller film directed by Cris D'amato and starring Eduardo Moscovis , Milena Toscano , Vanessa Gerbelli and Renata Batista .
Of Wars in Osyrhia is the debut album by Fairyland , released on July 28 , 2003 by N.T.S ..
Balunga Toka is a 2011 Oriya romantic directed by Sudhakara Basanta .
Di buen día a papá ( English : Say Good Morning to Dad ) is a 2005 Bolivian film directed by Fernando Vargas .
In 1992 , a remake of Christmas in Connecticut was made , starring Dyan Cannon as Elizabeth , Kris Kristofferson as Jefferson Jones , and Tony Curtis as Mr. Yardley .
Sun Belt Express is a 2014 American , independent , dramady , film , written by Evan Buxbaum , Chance Mullen , and Gregorio Castro , and directed by Evan Buxbaum .
Fine Dead Girls ( Croatian : Fine mrtve djevojke ) , sometimes also Nice Dead Girls is a 2002 film introduced on Pula Film Festival .
Another Side of Peace is a 2004 human rights documentary film directed by Ellen Frick and Gretchen Burger .
The History of Heavy Metal ( Hårdrockens historia ) is a Swedish 2001 documentary movie made for TV spanning through the timeline of heavy metal music .
Intaqam ( English : Revenge ) is a 1969 Bollywood suspense - thriller film directed by R. K. Nayyar .
Vietnamese Lady is a 1992 Hong Kong sex film directed by Ka Ka and written by Heung Sang Kong , starring Gwok Yee Lee , Melvin Wong , Ling Ga , and Chan Wing Chun .
Cysgod Rhyfel , also known as The Shadow of War , is a 2014 documentary film which explores the mental effects of conflict on former soldiers and their families .
Giri Baale ( Kannada : ಗಿರಿ ಬಾಲೆ ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film , directed by B Mallesh and produced by N Venkatesh , V S Shyamasundar , Smt Prabhavathi Kantharaj and K V Rao .
Devrai is a Marathi drama film released on 11 March 2004 .
The Phantoms is a 2012 Canadian film based on the true story of the tragic Bathurst bus crash in Northern New Brunswick in 2008 produced by Dream Street Pictures .
Fly from Here was first released on 22 June 2011 in Japan and France , followed by releases on 1 July in the rest of Europe and Australia and on 12 July in the United States .
Yo pecador ( `` Sinful Self '' ) is a 1959 Mexican film .
Somebody has to Shoot the Picture is a 1990 prison film TV movie written by photojournalist Doug Magee , inspired by his interviews with and photos of death row prisoners .
The Gentleman from Louisiana is a 1936 American drama film directed by Irving Pichel and written by Joseph Fields and Gordon Rigby .
The Ghost of Slumber Mountain is a 1918 film written and directed by special effects pioneer Willis O'Brien , produced by Herbert M. Dawley , and starring both men ;
Jaanara Jaana ( Kannada : ಜಾಣರ ಜಾಣ ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film , directed by B Satyam and produced by G Krishna Murthy .
Don Number One ( Bengali : ডন নাম্বার ওয়ান ) is a 2012 action Bangladeshi film directed by Bodiul Alam Khokon .
It was first published in 1959 in the United Kingdom as The Minnipins and in the United States as The Gammage Cup .
Wyrmwood ( also known as Wyrmwood : Road of the Dead ) is a 2014 Australian action - horror film that follows a mechanic who finds himself faced with zombie hordes .
A third game , CastleMiner Warfare , was released for Windows PCs in 2013 .
For Colored Girls is a 2010 American drama film adapted from Ntozake Shange 's 1975 stage play for colored girls who have considered suicide / when the rainbow is enuf .
Hot Millions is a 1968 caper story made by MGM .
The Djarn Djarns is a 2005 Australian short film , written and directed by Wayne Blair .
Quattro bravi ragazzi ( `` Four Fine Boys '' ) is a 1993 Italian crime - drama film written and directed by Claudio Camarca .
Tara Sasankam was produced as a film in Telugu language in 1941 under the direction of R. S. Prakash , starring Veteran stage actor and singer P. Suri Babu , Pushpavalli and Sundaramma .
On January 9 , 2012 The Iran Job completed a 50-day crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter that raised over $ 100,000 .
Earth 's Skin ( Spanish : La piel de la tierra ) is a 2004 Spanish drama film directed by Manuel Fernandez .
House of Harmony won a Silver Award in the 2005 Queensland Awards for Cinematography , by the Australian Cinematographers Society .
Earth 2100 is a television program that was presented by the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) network on June 2 , 2009 and was aired on the History channel in January 2010 and was shown through 2010 .
27 Down is a 1974 Indian drama film directed by Awtar Krishna Kaul , starring Raakhee and M.K. Raina .
My Boss , My Hero ( Hangul : 두사부일체 ; RR : Dusabu ilchae ) is a 2001 South Korean film .
Kept and Dreamless ( Las Mantenidas Sin Sueños ) is a 2005 Argentinian film directed by Vera Fogwill .
Sant Gyaneshwar is a 1964 Bollywood film direct by Manibhai Vyas , starring Sudhir Kumar , Surekha , Babloo and Shahu Modak .
Nadirim was officially released on 7 November 2011 .
The Blockhouse is a 1973 film , based on a novel by Jean - Paul Clébert .
Up the Ridge is a 2006 documentary film by Appalshop filmmakers Nick Szuberla and Amelia Kirby revealing injustices in the American Prison System .
Champions of Europe is a traditional football simulation video game released for the Sega Master System in 1992 to coincide with the UEFA Euro 1992 football tournament .
The Why Why Family ( French : Les Kikekoi and also known as Saban 's The Why Why Family ) is a French cartoon television series for children , which originally aired in 1996 , written by Annabelle Perrichon and François - Emmanuel Porché and produced by Saban Entertainment and CineGroupe .
In Orange ( Dutch : In Oranje ) is a 2004 Dutch drama family film .
9:06 is a 2009 Slovene thriller film directed by Igor Šterk .
A Musical Monologue is a 1923 American short film produced by Lee De Forest in his Phonofilm sound - on - film process .
Old Friends , New Friends is an album by guitarist Ralph Towner recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label .
The Big Shot - Caller is a 2008 independent dramedy film .
Engamma Sapatham ( Tamil : எங்கம்மா சபதம் ) is a 1974 Indian Tamil film , directed by S. P. Muthuraman and produced by S. Baskar .
Monster from Green Hell is a 1957 science - fiction B movie shown as a double - feature to the 1957 film The Brain from Planet Arous .
Gapa Hele Bi Sata ( 1976 ) is the first colour film in the Oriya Language .
Laali Haadu ( Kannada : ಲಾಲಿ ಹಾಡು ) is a 2003 Indian Kannada romantic musical film directed by H. Vasu and written by Ajay Kumar .
Noita palaa elämään ( English : The Witch ) is a Finnish horror film from 1952 .
Story Without Words ( French : Histoire sans paroles : 60 images dessinées et gravées sur bois ) , is a wordless novel of 1920 by Flemish artist Frans Masereel .
Three Little Sisters is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and written by Olive Cooper .
Shock Treatment is a 1981 American musical - black comedy film and a follow - up to the film The Rocky Horror Picture Show .
Crazy Sue is a 2D platform game , which was first released in 1990 in issue 1 of the Amiga Fun magazine by MC Publications .
Mech Mice Genesis Strike is a fiction book written by the Miller Brothers , and published by Spearhead Books in February 2012 .
Baby and I ( Hangul : 아기와 나 ; RR : Agiwa Na ) is a 2008 South Korean film about a rebellious 18-year - old high school senior who ends up caring for a baby with a note , claiming he is the baby 's father .
Horse Feathers ( 1932 ) is a Pre - Code Marx Brothers film comedy .
The Ring Finger ( French : L'Annulaire ) is a French film released on 8 June 2005 .
Son of the Pink Panther ( 1993 ) is a continuation of the The Pink Panther film series .
Muddu Manase ( Kannada : ಮುದ್ದು ಮನಸೇ ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada romance drama film directed by Ananth Shain .
Shreemanthana Magalu or Shrimanthana Magalu ( Kannada:ಶ್ರೀಮಂತನ ಮಗಳು , English : Aristocrat 's Dsaughter ) is a 1977 Kannada film directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao and starring actors Vishnuvardhan and Jayanthi .
Hollywood to Dollywood is an American documentary film that played at 60 film festivals in the U.S. , Canada , Scotland , and Australia in 2011 and 2012 .
Giri Kanye ( Kannada : ಗಿರಿಕನ್ಯೆ ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo .
Voldemort Ca n't Stop the Rock ! was recorded in May and June 2004 in the DeGeorge family shed .
`` People Got to Be Free '' is a song released in 1968 by The Rascals .
Blood Out is a 2011 American action thriller film released direct - to - video .
39 Pounds of Love was officially released on April 5 , 2005 and was re - released on DVD on October 6 , 2009 .
The Mating Call is a 1928 pre - Code silent drama film about a soldier who returns home from World War I to find his marriage has been annulled and his wife has remarried .
Roald Dahl 's Book of Ghost Stories is a 1983 collection of Ghost stories selected by Roald Dahl .
A Chapter in Her Life ( 1923 ) is an American film based on the novel Jewel :
Black Brigade is the DVD release title of the television movie Carter 's Army , which aired as an ABC Movie of the Week on January 27 , 1970 .
I år är julen min is a 2010 Tommy Nilsson Christmas album .
Constantine and the Cross ( AKA : Costantino il grande ) is a 1961 historical drama film about the early career of the emperor Constantine , who first legalized and then adopted Christianity in the early 4th century .
The 13 Ghosts of Scooby - Doo is the seventh incarnation of the Hanna - Barbera Saturday morning cartoon Scooby - Doo , and the final first - run version of the original 1969 - -86 broadcast run of the series .
Ezhuthappurangal ( Malayalam : എഴുതാപ്പുറങ്ങൾ ) is a 1987 Malayalam film co - written and directed by Siby Malayil , starring Suhasini , Parvathy and Ambika .
You Are My Sassy Girl ( Chinese : 我是你的野蛮女友 ) is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Zheng Li .
Sing , Dance , Plenty Hot is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Lew Landers and written by Gordon Rigby and Bradford Ropes .
Handy Manny 's Motorcycle Adventure is a 2009 episode by Disney , which shows the character ' Manny ' from the American TV show Handy Manny on an exciting unexpected road trip to his family reunion .
Monsterwolf , also known as Monster Wolf , is a 2010 Syfy original television film directed by Todor Chapkanov and stars Leonor Varela , Robert Picardo , and Marc Macaulay .
Enter Another Dragon is a 1981 Bruceploitation film .
Putaani Party ( Kannada : ಪುಟಾಣಿ ಪಾರ್ಟಿ , English : The Kid Gang ) is a 2009 Kannada language feature film .
Ne čakaj na maj ( lit . Do not wait for May , with an English title Do n't Whisper ) is a 1957 Slovene romantic comedy directed by František Čap .
King Klunk is a 1933 animated short subject , produced and directed by Walter Lantz .
The Doughgirls is a 1944 American film comedy , revolving around the newlywed Halstead couple and their misadventures trying to find some privacy and living space in the housing shortage of wartime Washington D.C.
Mojugara Sogasugara ( Kannada : ಮೋಜುಗಾರ ಸೊಗಸುಗಾರ ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada romantic drama film ( remake of MGR 's classic Namma Veetu Pillai)directed and written by Vijay .
Kaviratna Kalidasa ( Kannada : ಕವಿರತ್ನ ಕಾಳಿದಾಸ ) is a 1983 Kannada historical drama film based on the life of Kalidasa , a renowned Classical Sanskrit writer of 4th Century A.D. , whose name was extremely popular across Indian sub - continent .
Muddina Kanmani ( Kannada : ಮುದ್ದಿನ ಕಣ್ಮಣಿ ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Ravi Kottarkar and produced by Sharadha .
Percy The Potty Pigeon is a 1984 computer game developed by Shaun Hollingworth and released by Gremlin Graphics for the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum .
Hare Ribbin ' is a 1944 animated short film in the Merrie Melodies series , directed by Robert Clampett and featuring Bugs Bunny .
The Courage of Kavik the Wolf Dog , also known as ' Kavik the Wolf Dog ' , is a 1980 made - for TV adventure film .
The Yukon Trail is a 1994 computer game from MECC , the creators of The Oregon Trail .
Death - Scort Service is a 2015 independent horror movie that was directed by Sean Donohue , who co - wrote the script with Chris Woods .
Bhookh is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by H. Dinesh and Ramesh Puri .
It Could n't Happen to a Nicer Guy is a 1974 black comedy starring Paul Sorvino as Harry Walters , a stout real estate salesman who is randomly picked up by a beautiful woman ( JoAnna Cameron ) , then raped at gunpoint as a prank .
Long Lost Son is a 2006 thriller film .
Paranormal Xperience 3D is a 2011 horror film , directed by Sergi Vizcaino , written by Daniel Padro and produced by Mercedes Gamero , Joaquín Padró and Mar Targarona .
The Death of Poe is a 2006 independent film that tells the tragic story of the mysterious disappearance and death of the American author Edgar Allan Poe .
Sindura Nuhein Khela Ghara is a 2002 Oriya film directed by Rabi Kinagi . The film has bean music composed by Swarup Nayak .
Oru Yathrayil is a 2013 Indian Malayalam anthology film .
When Born to Quit was re - released in July 1995 by Capitol Records after the band signed to that label , `` Need You Around '' and `` Rubella '' were remixed by Thom Wilson for release as singles ( the album had been engineered , produced , and originally mixed by Phil Bonnet ) .
Torvak the Warrior is a hack and slash platform game published by Core Design in 1990 .
Groove Squad is a 2002 animated film which debuted as a part of Nickelodeon Sunday Movie Toons in late 2002 .
Flight from Death ( 2003 ) is a documentary film that investigates the relationship of human violence to fear of death , as related to subconscious influences .
10,000 Black Men Named George is a 2002 Showtime TV movie about A. Philip Randolph and his coworkers Milton Webster and Ashley Totten .
Killer Bash is a 2005 homoerotic television horror film directed by David DeCoteau .
Bio - Attack ( バイォ・ア夕ツク ) is a vertically scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game released by Taito in 1983 .
Burn the Butterflies is a 1979 TV movie about uranium mining .
Project 2x1 is a 2013 American documentary film about the Hasidic and West Indian residents of Crown Heights , Brooklyn .
Atom the Amazing Zombie Killer is a 2012 American independent horror comedy feature film directed by Zack Beins and Richard Taylor , and written by Beins , Taylor and Tim Johnson .
Bhagya Rekha or Bhagyarekha ( Telugu : భాగ్యరేఖ ) is a 1957 Telugu film directed by B. N. Reddi and produced by Ponnaluri brothers .
A Gunfighter 's Pledge ( the working title was The Pledge ) is a 2008 Western television film starring Luke Perry .
Debonair Dancers is a 1986 short Canadian documentary film produced by Alison Nigh - Strelich .
Fan Girl is an independent teen comedy film that premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 16 , 2015 .
Cauchemar Blanc ( English : White Nightmare ) is a 1991 short film by Matthieu Kassovitz , based on the comic written for the screen by Moebius .
The Empty City was first published as a hardcover by HarperCollins on 21 August 2012 .
It was first released on June 15 , 1994 , and is the first game in the Lords of the Realm series .
Rugrats Go Wild is a 2003 American animated musical comedy crossover film based on the Nickelodeon animated television series Rugrats and The Wild Thornberrys .
The novel was adapted for a television movie entitled James Patterson 's Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas that aired on CBS on March 27 , 2005 .
Chip an ' Dale is a 1947 animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters by RKO Radio Pictures .
Silver Tongues is a 2011 dark drama film .
Entre violetas ( `` Among Violets '' ) is a 1973 Mexican film .
After the Fox ( Italian : Caccia alla volpe ) is a 1966 British--
Bees Saal Pehle is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Probir Roy .
Ammaavanu Pattiya Amali is a 1989 movie directed and written by Augustine Prakash , produced by Joshy .
Abhagin ( Ill - Fated Woman ) is a 1938 Hindi film directed by Prafulla Roy for New Theatres Ltd. , Calcutta .
Iron Doors is a 2010 German 3D thriller film directed by Stephen Manuel .
Return to Guam was a 1944 short propaganda film produced by the US Navy about the taking and recapture of the island of Guam .
Fred Ott 's Sneeze ( also known as Edison Kinetoscopic Record of a Sneeze ) is an 1894 American , short , black - and - white , silent documentary film shot by William K.L. Dickson and starring Fred Ott .
Strong with Spirit ( Russian : Сильные духом , translit . Silnye dukhom ) is a 1967 Soviet spy film directed by Viktor Georgiyev based on a screenplay by Anatoli Grebnev and Aleksandr Lukin .
Arch Rivals is a basketball arcade game released by Midway in 1989 .
Star Wars MUSH was created in May 1991 and was released to the public in January 1992 .
From the Journals of Jean Seberg is a 1995 docudrama type found footage film on the life of actress Jean Seberg .
Oscuros Rinocerontes Enjaulados is a 1990 short Cuban film .
Empress Vampire ( Chinese : Huang Hou Xi Xue Gui ) is an American horror film produced in 2009 and released in 2012 .
The Hills Have Eyes 2 is a 2007 American horror film , and the sequel to the 2006 film The Hills Have Eyes which was a remake of the 1977 horror film The Hills Have Eyes .
The Hard Ride is a 1971 action film about a U.S. Marine who promises to take care of a dead buddy 's motorcycle , and is threatened by a rival biker gang in the process .
The Big Flame is a 1969 BBC television play by socialist playwright Jim Allen , produced by Tony Garnett and directed by Ken Loach .
King Kelly of the U.S.A. is a 1934 American romantic musical film directed by Leonard Fields .
A Cry in the Wild is a 1990 coming of age - adventure film based on the book Hatchet , written by Gary Paulsen .
The Big Bird Cage is a 1972 American exploitation film of the `` women in prison '' subgenre .
Bye June ( Hangul : 바이 준 ; RR : Bai Jun ) is a 1998 South Korean film by Choi Ho .
Manasukkul Mathappu ( English : Fireworks In My Heart ) is a 1988 Tamil drama film starring Prabhu Ganesan , Saranya Ponvannan and Sarath Babu .
Jedeme , jedeme ( or Jedeme , jedeme , jedeme as shown on the inner cover of the album ) is the third album of the Czech band Olympic published in 1971 by Supraphon .
Venal Kinavukal is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film , directed by KS Sethumadhavan .
Buddhas barn ( in English : Buddha 's Children ) is a 2003 Danish documentary film directed and written by Christina Rosendahl .
Thani Oruvan ( English : The Lone Man ) is a 2015 Indian Tamil action thriller film directed by Mohan Raja and written by Subha .
Scenes of the Crime is a 2001 film directed by Dominique Forma and written by Daniel Golka , Amit Mehta , and Forma .
Sea Dogs of Australia is a 1913 Australian silent film about an Australian naval officer blackmailed into helping a foreign spy .
Murder at the Cabaret is a 1936 British crime film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Phyllis Robins , Freddie Forbes , James Carew and Frederick Peisley .
Cuando los hijos pecan ( When Children Sin ) also known as Cabaretera ( Cabaret Woman ) is a 1952 Mexican film .
Here Without Me ( Persian : این‌جا بدون من‎‎ ) is an Iranian drama film directed by Bahram Tavakoli , produced in 2010 and screened in 2011 .
Un mundo maravilloso ( `` A Wonderful World '' ) is a 2006 Mexican comedy fairy tale film produced by Bandidos Films , directed by Luis Estrada and considered a `` spiritual sequel '' to La ley de Herodes ; it 's a political satire about Vicente Fox Quesada 's government and its neo - liberal doctrine .
Cabaret Paradis ( Cabaret Paradise ) is a 2006 French comedy film .
Diary of a Tired Black Man is a 2008 independent film that combines elements of a comedy - drama with elements of a documentary film .
Zelda 's Adventure is an action - adventure fantasy video game developed by Viridis Corporation and released for the Philips CD - i console system .
Hadon of Ancient Opar is a fantasy novel by Philip José Farmer , first published in paperback by DAW Books in April 1974 , and reprinted three times through 1983 .
Super Ox Wars is an arcade vertical - scrolling shooter game for iOS devices developed by Jeff Minter and Ivan Zorzin of Llamasoft and published via the Apple App Store .
Annual Reports on the Progress of Chemistry was a yearly review journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry .
Tomcat in Love is a novel by Tim O'Brien , about the misadventures of a womanizing linguistics Professor , Thomas H. Chippering , originally published in hardcover by Broadway Books , in 1998 .
Cabela 's Dangerous Hunts 2009 is a hunting video game published by Activision for the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Wii , and Xbox 360 video game consoles .
It is published by Elsevier , which also publishes the related journal Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry Letters .
NRA Gun Club ( Gun Club in Italy ) is described as a nonviolent first - person target shooting game by Crave Entertainment in North America and 505 Games only in Italy ( Although a German release was planned , but cancelled for unknown reasons ) .
I 'll Tell You a Secret : a Memory of Seven Summers is a non - fiction memoir , written by Canadian writer Anne Coleman , first published in September 2004 by McClelland & Stewart .
Pacific Storm is a strategic and tactical game of the Pacific war set in World War II , released by Buka Entertainment .
Ecology Law Quarterly ( Bluebook abbreviation : Ecology L.Q. ) is an environmental law review published quarterly by students at the UC Berkeley School of Law .
The Taking of Planet 5 is a BBC Books original novel written by Simon Bucher - Jones & Mark Clapham and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Man Walks Into a Room , published in the United States by Doubleday on May 1 , 2002 , is the first novel by American writer Nicole Krauss .
Syphon Filter is a third - person shooter stealth video game developed by Eidetic and published by 989 Studios for the PlayStation .
The Sea of Monsters was released on April 1 , 2006 , by Miramax Books , an imprint of Hyperion Books for Children and thus Disney Publishing ( succeeded by the Disney Hyperion imprint ) .
EuroChoices is a peer - reviewed academic journal published thrice annually by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Agricultural Economics Society and the European Association of Agricultural Economists .
NASCAR 08 is the eleventh installment of the EA Sports NASCAR series .
The Monster Cards Sets 1 through 4 were designed by the TSR Design Staff , with art by Jeff Dee , Erol Otus , Jim Roslof , Darlene Pekul , and Bill Willingham , and were published by TSR in 1981 as sets of 20 color cards in a small clear plastic box .
Money Munchers is a 1982 computer game for the Apple II family of computers , created by Bob Bishop and published by Datamost .
The Super Barbarians , written by John Brunner , is a science fiction novel first published in the United States by Ace Books in 1962 .
Industrial and Labor Relations Review ( ILR Review ) is a publication of the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations .
Mister Tinker in Oz is an apocryphal Oz book , authored by James Howe and published in 1985 by Random House involving an inventor responsible for Tik - Tok the Clockwork man and Dorothy and their adventure in Oz .
Archangel ( Ace Books , 1997 ) Jovah 's Angel ( Ace Books , 1998 ) The Alleluia Files ( Ace Books , 1999 ) Angelica ( Ace Books , 2003 ) Although this is the fourth novel in the Samaria series , it is set before the first book Archangel .
Stifflip & Co. is a graphic adventure published by Palace Software in 1987 for the ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC computers .
The Encyclopedia of Chicago is an historical reference work covering Chicago and the entire Chicago metropolitan area published by the University of Chicago Press .
Rollaround is an isometric 3D puzzle arcade game released by Mastertronic in 1987 for the Commodore 64 and 1988 for the Sinclair Spectrum and Amstrad CPC .
Project 17 is a young adult novel , written by Laurie Faria Stolarz , published by Hyperion Books in 2007 .
Modelling and Simulation in Materials Science and Engineering is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the IOP Publishing eight times per year .
Das Andere Deutschland was the publication organ of the German Peace Society .
RocketBowl ( also RocketBowl Plus ) is a sports game developed by LargeAnimal and published by GarageGames , released November 4 , 2004 for Windows .
The journal is supported and managed by Annals of Botany Company , a non - profit educational charity , and published through Oxford University Press .
The Journal of Religion is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press founded in 1882 as The American Journal of Theology .
In February 2003 , Eggers and McSweeney 's published Sacrament , a retitled hardcover edition of You Shall Know Our Velocity that included a new 49-page section inserted into the middle of the story .
Angels & Demons is a 2000 bestselling mystery - thriller novel written by American author Dan Brown and published by Pocket Books and then by Corgi Books .
Strider II ( released in North America under the title of Journey from Darkness : Strider Returns ) , is a side - scrolling platform game published by U.S. Gold ( under license from Capcom USA ) and originally released for various computer platforms in 1990 .
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe also released a direct emulation of Kula World on Google Play for Android in 2011 , priced at £ 3.99 .
The Mallee - Fowl is a book published by Angus & Robertson in 1962 , with the subtitle The Bird that Builds an Incubator .
To Ride Pegasus is a collection of four science fiction stories by Anne McCaffrey , published by Ballantine Books in 1973 and later under its Del Rey imprint .
People Might Hear You is a children 's novel by Robin Klein , first published by Puffin Books in 1983 .
ToeJam & Earl is an action video game developed by Johnson Voorsanger Productions and published by Sega for the Mega Drive / Genesis video game console .
Are You My Mother ? is a children 's book by P. D. Eastman published by Random House Books for Young Readers on June 12 , 1960 as part of its Beginner Books series .
Super ZZT is the successor to ZZT , created by Allen Pilgrim and Tim Sweeney of Epic Games ( then Epic MegaGames ) .
The Atlas of the British Flora is a book by Franklyn Perring and S. Max Walters , published by the Botanical Society of the British Isles .
Castles Forlorn was published by TSR , Inc. as a boxed set containing one 96-page book , two 32-page books , one double - sided 32 `` x 21 '' map sheet , one single - sided 32 `` x 21 '' map sheet , and one 32 `` x 21 '' poster .
PO'ed is a 1995 video game authored by Any Channel and published by Accolade .
Experimental Physiology is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society .
GoatUp is an arcade platform game for iOS devices developed by Jeff Minter and Ivan Zorzin of Llamasoft and published via the Apple App Store in 2011 .
The Rendiconti del Seminario Matematico Università e Politecnico di Torino is a quarterly peer - reviewed mathematical journal published by the University of Turin and the Polytechnic University of Turin .
SkiFree is a computer game created by Chris Pirih and released with the Microsoft Entertainment Pack in 1991 .
Mathematical Proceedings of the Cambridge Philosophical Society is a mathematical journal published by Cambridge University Press for the Cambridge Philosophical Society .
Deadly Towers is an action role - playing video game developed by Lenar and exclusively - licensed by Irem as a software title for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) .
Desert Speedtrap Starring Road Runner & Wile E. Coyote was released in 1994 for the Sega Master System console and Sega Game Gear color handheld system .
Ethical Theory and Moral Practice is a peer - reviewed academic journal in the field of philosophy , established in 1998 and published five times a year by Springer Science+Business Media .
Wayne Gretzky 's 3D Hockey is a video game developed by Atari Games and released for the arcade in 1996 .
The book version was first published by A. C. McClurg on 1926 - 02 - 06 , under the title The Moon Maid , though it was shortened from the serial .
Draconian Measures is a book published by Wizards of the Coast , written by Don Perrin and Margaret Weis , based in the Dragonlance fictional fantasy campaign setting , and is the second book of the Kang 's Regiment series , or The Chaos War series .
The Journal of Holy Land and Palestine Studies ( formerly Holy Land Studies ) is a biannual peer - reviewed academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press .
Economic Inquiry is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Western Economic Association International .
Universal Hero is a computer game released by Mastertronic in 1986 for the ZX Spectrum , and later for the Atari 8-bit computers ( 1987 ) .
Super Play Action Football is an American football video game developed by Nintendo for the Super NES .
Progress of Theoretical and Experimental Physics is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Physical Society of Japan .
Colour Temple is the first studio album by progressive metal band Vanden Plas , released in late 1994 through Limb Music and in June 1995 through Dream Circle Records ; a two - disc edition was reissued in 2002 through Inside Out Music , which included the band 's 1996 acoustic EP AcCult .
French Style is Dean Martin 's first LP for Reprise Records .
Last Tango in Paris ( Italian : Ultimo tango a Parigi ) is a 1972 Franco - Italian erotic drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci which portrays a recently widowed American who begins an anonymous sexual relationship with a young betrothed Parisian woman .
Lovers and Other Strangers is a 1970 comedy film based on the play by Renée Taylor and Joseph Bologna .
The High King ( 1968 ) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander , the fifth and last of The Chronicles of Prydain .
Grave Sight is the first of four novels in The Harper Connelly Mysteries by American mystery author Charlaine Harris .
`` Apollo , Apollo '' is the sixteenth episode of the third season of American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 52nd episode of the series overall .
`` The Dickensian Aspect '' is the sixth episode of the fifth season of the HBO series The Wire .
`` The Sound of Drums '' is the twelfth episode of the third series of the revived British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Of Feline Bondage is a Tom and Jerry cartoon released in 1965 , directed and produced by Chuck Jones , with animation by Ben Washam , Don Towsley , Ken Harris , Tom Ray and Dick Thompson .
The Peugeot 604 is an executive car produced by the French manufacturer Peugeot from 1975 to 1985 .
`` Leslie and Ron '' is the fourth episode of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation 's seventh season , and the 116th overall episode of the series .
The Lake of Souls is the 10th book in The Saga of Darren Shan and is also the first in the 4th and final trilogy in ' The Saga ' called The Vampire Destiny Trilogy .
`` The Hofstadter Insufficiency '' is the first episode of the seventh season of The Big Bang Theory and the 136th episode in total .
Raising Steam is the 40th Discworld novel , written by Terry Pratchett .
The Waterless Sea is the second book in The Chanters of Tremaris Trilogy by Kate Constable .
The Infinite Quest is an animated serial based on the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Winter Murder Case ( 1939 ) is a Philo Vance novella that S. S. Van Dine intended to expand into his twelfth full length book , a project cut short by his death .
The Deerslayer , or The First Warpath ( 1841 ) was the last of James Fenimore Cooper 's Leatherstocking Tales to be written .
Springtime for Thomas ( also known as Springtime for Tom ) is a 1946 American one - reel animated cartoon and is the 23rd Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby .
The Citroën XM is an executive car that was produced by the French automaker Citroën between 1989 and 2000 .
Revelation of the Daleks is the sixth and final serial of the 22nd season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in two weekly parts on 23 and 30 March 1985 .
System 7 ( codenamed `` Big Bang '' and sometimes retroactively called Mac OS 7 ) is a single - user graphical user interface - based operating system for Macintosh computers .
The Emperor of Nihon - Ja is the tenth instalment in the Ranger 's Apprentice book series by Australian author John Flanagan .
`` The Grinning Man '' is a feature - length episode of the BBC crime drama series Jonathan Creek , first broadcast on 1 January 2009 .
`` The Van Buren Boys '' is the 148th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld , and name of a fictional New York street gang .
`` Tom & Gerri '' is the third episode of British dark comedy anthology series Inside No . 9 .
`` Treehouse of Horror V '' is the sixth episode of The Simpsons ' sixth season and the fifth episode in the Treehouse of Horror series .
Hercules in the Underworld is the fourth made for TV movie in the series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
Small Vices is the 24th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker .
`` The Yoga Play '' is the fifth episode of the third season of the American television drama series Homeland , and the 29th episode overall .
Wizard 's First Rule , written by Terry Goodkind , is the first book in the epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth .
`` The Suite Life Sets Sail '' is the pilot episode of the popular Disney Channel sitcom The Suite Life on Deck , sequel and spin - off to the original series .
`` Bride of Chaotica ! '' is the 106th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Voyager airing on the UPN network , the 12th episode of the fifth season .
`` She Gets Revenge '' is the tenth episode of the fifth season of the horror - anthology television series American Horror Story .
`` Madness Ends '' is the thirteenth episode and season finale of the second season of the FX anthology television series American Horror Story .
`` The Unicorn and the Wasp '' is the seventh episode of the fourth series of the revived British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was aired by BBC One on 17 May 2008 at 19:00 .
`` Bass Player Wanted '' is the 13th episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother , and the 197th episode overall .
Into the Gauntlet is the tenth book in The 39 Clues novel series .
`` Burns , Baby Burns '' is the fourth episode of The Simpsons ' eighth season , first aired by the Fox network on November 17 , 1996 .
`` Rumors , Bargains and Lies '' is an episode from the fourth season of the science - fiction television series Babylon 5 .
Living Dead in Dallas is the second book in Charlaine Harris 's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries .
Conquering Horse is Frederick Manfred 's first novel in a five - volume series he called The Buckskin Man Tales .
`` The Man Who Grew Too Much '' is the thirteenth episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons , and the 543rd episode of the series .
`` Goodbye Mr. Fish '' or sometimes `` Good - bye Mr. Fish '' , `` Goodbye , Mr. Fish '' or just `` Mr. Fish '' is the second episode of the first season of the American sitcom The Cosby Show .
Locked Rooms is the eighth book in the Mary Russell series by Laurie R. King .
`` Day of the Moon '' is the second episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Lost Stories is the eleventh book in the Ranger 's Apprentice novel series by Australian author John Flanagan .
`` The Courtship of Stewie 's Father '' is the 16th episode of the fourth season of Family Guy , which originally aired on November 20 , 2005 .
Conan the Great is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard 's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
`` Hunting Trip '' is the tenth episode of the second season of American comedy television series Parks and Recreation , and the sixteenth overall episode of the series .
Vampire War ( also called the Hunters trilogy ) is the third trilogy in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan .
Rising Tides is the fifth book of the Destroyermen series .
`` First of His Name '' is the fifth episode of the fourth season of HBO 's fantasy television series Game of Thrones , and the 35th overall .
`` Ji Yeon '' ( /ˌdʒiː ˈjiːɒn/ ; from Korean 지연 ( tɕi jʌn ) ) is the seventh episode of the American Broadcasting Company 's fourth season of Lost and 79th episode overall .
Doggone Cats ( reissued as Dog Gone Cats ) , is a 1947-released Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series .
The Judas Goat is the fifth Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker , first published in 1978 .
`` Thank God , It 's Doomsday '' is the nineteenth episode of The Simpsons ' sixteenth season .
`` Terrorform '' is the third episode of science fiction sit - com Red Dwarf Series V and the twenty seventh in the series run .
`` Space Pilot 3000 '' is the pilot episode of Futurama , which originally aired in North America on March 28 , 1999 on Fox .
`` Root Beer Guy '' is the forty - third episode of the fifth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time .
`` Things That Go Bump in the Night '' is the sixth episode of the sixth series of the British television sitcom Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on 5 December 1973 .
`` Something in the Walls '' is the fifty - fourth episode ( the nineteenth episode of the third season ( 1988 - -89 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
A Dictionary of Maqiao ( Chinese : 马桥词典 ; pinyin : Mǎqiáo Cídiǎn ) is a novel written by Chinese writer Han Shaogong .
The Shelbourne Ultimatum is a 2012 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the twelfth in the Ross O'Carroll - Kelly series .
Ten Big Ones is the tenth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum .
Empress of Mijak ( known as Empress in North America and the United Kingdom ) is the first novel in the Godspeaker series by Karen Miller .
`` Remember Paul ? '' is the seventh season premiere episode of the American comedy - drama television series Desperate Housewives , and the 135th overall episode of the series .
1st to Die is the first book in the Women 's Murder Club ( book series ) series , written by James Patterson .
`` Gay Witch Hunt '' is the third season premiere of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's twenty - ninth episode overall .
The Service of the Sword , published in 2003 , was the fourth anthology of stories set in the Honor Harrington universe or Honorverse .
`` Zuma Canyon '' is the ninth episode of the revamped and renamed Law & Order spinoff , Law & Order : LA .
Najmeh Khedmati ( Persian : نجمه خدمتی‎‎ , born June 9 , 1996 ) is an Iranian female sports shooter .
Milka Maneva ( Bulgarian : Милка Манева ; born 7 June 1985 in Smolyan , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian female weighlifter .
Katherine Sherwood Bonner McDowell ( February 1849 -- July 22 , 1883 ) was a female author of America 's Gilded Age .
Christine Løvmand was one of the few female painters during the Danish Golden Age .
In 1978 , it was proposed that there were 2 individuals using the same name : a male king Smenkhkare and a female Neferneferuaten .
Desislava Nikolova ( born 21 December 1991 ) is a Bulgarian female volleyball player , playing as a outside - spiker .
Yonathan Suryatama Dasuki ( born in Jember , East Java , 21 November 1985 ) is a male badminton player from Indonesia specialize in double .
Jiang Shuai ( born June 7 , 1982 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Maria Kirkova ( Bulgarian : Мария Киркова ; born 2 January 1986 ) is a Bulgarian female skier .
( Exodus 7:1 ) Part of the Law ( Torah ) that Moses received from God at Sinai granted Aaron the priesthood for himself and his male descendants , and he became the first High Priest of the Israelites .
She released her debut album , Corinne Bailey Rae , in February 2006 , and became the fourth female British act in history to have her first album debut at number one .
Erzsébet Márkus - Peresztegi ( born August 23 , 1969 in Sopron , Győr - Moson - Sopron ) is a retired female weightlifter from Hungary .
Emma McDougall ( 6 March 1991 -- 20 February 2013 ) was an English female football winger who played for Blackburn Rovers Ladies .
Ivonne Leal ( born February 27 , 1966 in San Nicolas de Bari ) is a retired female javelin thrower from Cuba .
Alexis Krasilovsky has received multiple awards and accolades that span the globe for her works as a female filmmaker .
Luo Ying ( Chinese : 骆赢 ; born 1991 ) is a female Chinese badminton player .
Donna Woolfolk Cross ( born 1947 ) is an American writer and the author of the novel Pope Joan , about a female Catholic Pope from 853 to 855 .
April Wright is an American female writer , director and producer .
Steve Baddeley is a retired male badminton player from England who competed from the early 1980s to the early 1990s .
Milica Mićović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милица Мићовић , born August 24 , 1984 in Mladenovac , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian female basketball player .
Sally McCallum ( born August 7 , 1940 ) is a retired female track and field athlete from Canada , who represented her native country in three events ( 4x100 m Relay , 80-meter Hurdles and Long Jump ) at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome , Italy .
Emily Day ( born August 9 , 1987 in Torrance , California ) is a female beach volleyball player from the United States who won the gold medal at the NORCECA Circuit 2009 at Jamaica playing with Claire Robertson .
Kadambini Ganguly ( Bengali : কাদম্বিনী গাঙ্গুলি ) ( 18 July 1861 -- 3 October 1923 ) and Chandramukhi Basu were the first two female graduates from India and the entire British Empire .
Yu Hsiu - chin ( Chinese : 余秀菁 , born June 1 , 1990 ) is a Taiwanese female football player who plays as a striker .
In December 2011 he won British Comedy Awards for best male television comic and best comedy entertainment programme for his series Stewart Lee 's Comedy Vehicle .
Lily Isabel Maude Addison ( 1885 - -1968 ) was a female architect who practised in Queensland , Australia .
Nuray Deliktaş ( born 1971 ) is a former European champion Turkish female Taekwondo practitioner .
Charlotte Hallmark is a Cherokee American politician and served as the first female chief of the Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama from 2006 to 2014 .
Mika Hoshito ( Japanese : 法師人美佳 , Hoshito Mika , born February 20 , 1988 in Tokyo ) is a Japanese female footballer .
Kim Myeong - sun ( Korean : 김명순 , Hanja : 金明淳 ) ( b. 20 January 1896 in Pyongyang -- 22 June 1951 ) was a female Korean novelist and poet of the early 20th century .
Tao Hua ( simplified Chinese : 陶桦 ; traditional Chinese : 陶樺 ; pinyin : Táo Huà ; born December 12 , 1972 in Shanghai ) is a female Chinese softball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
It is said that Anna Whitlock was given her interest in women 's issues from her mother : after an inheritance , Sophie Whitlock engaged in building , and had apartment buildings set up for female professionals , and she also worked as a secretary for the women 's organisation Fredrika Bremer - förbundet .
Micky Yanai ( Japanese : ミッキー 柳井 , b. 1959 ) is a well - known Japanese male porn actor .
Gizem Girişmen ( born November 25 , 1981 in Ankara , Turkey ) , is a Turkish Paralympian female archer competing in the women 's recurve ARW2 event .
Mai Shaoyan ( simplified Chinese : 麦少颜 ; traditional Chinese : 麥少顏 ; pinyin : Mài Shǎoyán ; Jyutping : Mak6 Siu2 Ngaan4 ; born January 19 , 1979 in Nanhai , Foshan , Guangdong ) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Danijela Ilić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Данијела Илић , born August 20 , 1970 in Niš , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Yugoslavian and Serbian female basketball player .
Dorothy Andrus Voorhees was an American female tennis player who ranked No . 10 among the U.S. amateurs in 1932 .
Irma Lozada ( April 26 , 1959 -- September 21 , 1984 ) a.k.a . `` Fran , '' was a member of the New York City Transit Police who was slain in 1984 , becoming the first female police officer to die in the line of duty in New York City .
Salawati Daud became the first female mayor in Indonesia , being elected mayor of Makassar in 1949 .
Dallas Friday is a female wakeboarder .
Janine Lieffrig ( 12 April 1938 ) is a French former female tennis player .
Maria Rachiteleva ( born 19 February 1993 in Astrakhan ) is a Russian female handballer who plays as a left wing for the Russian club HC Astrakhanochka .
Sándor Wladár ( born 19 July 1963 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian retired male swimmer .
Rita Sanz - Agero ( born November 8 , 1991 in Guatemala City ) is a female modern pentathlete from Guatemala .
Hitler 's chauffeur Erich Kempka claimed in a 1946 interview that Edmund Heines was caught in bed with an unidentified 18-year - old male when he was arrested during the Night of the Long Knives , although Kempka did not actually witness it .
Angel Blu is a female dance music vocalist who featured on the 2003 hit `` True '' by Jaimeson , which peaked at # 4 on the UK Singles Chart in January 2003 .
Charlotte Jacobs became the second female university student in the Netherlands when she started her studies in Amsterdam in 1877 and the first female pharmacist in 1879 .
Paulina Álvarez is considered one of the most influential popular female singers in Cuba , as acknowledged by salsa star Celia Cruz who considered herself a disciple of Álvarez .
Déborah Gyurcsek Olivera ( born December 7 , 1978 ) is a female track and field athlete from Uruguay , who competes in the pole vault event .
Shen Xue ( Chinese : 申雪 ; pinyin : Shēn Xuě ; born November 13 , 1978 ) is a female Chinese pair skater .
Tetyana Tereshchuk - Antipova ( née Tereshchuk , Ukrainian : Тетяна Терещук-Антипова , born October 11 , 1969 ) , also spelled Tetiana Tereschuk - Antipova , is a female Ukrainian 400 m hurdler .
Nilay Kartaltepe ( born January 13 , 1979 in Bakırköy , Istanbul ) is a Turkish professional female basketball player of Adana ASKİ .
Margareta Kozuch pol . Małgorzata Kożuch ( born 30 October 1986 ) is a German female volleyball player who plays for Atom Trefl Sopot , and previously played for as a wing - spiker for TuS Berne Hamburg , CVMJ Hamburg , TV Fischbek who changed their name to NA Hamburg , and Unicom Starker Kerakoll Sassuolo .
Naleya Downer ( born 27 January 1980 ) is a retired female track and field sprinter from Jamaica , who competed in the 400 metres and the 400 metres hurdles during her career .
Allaoua Khellil ( born July 24 , 1954 ) is a male former long - distance runner from Algeria , who represented his native North African country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Shiho Nishioka ( 西岡 詩穂 ; born 23 February 1989 ) is a Japanese female foil fencer .
Beatriz Cruz Nazario ( born June 15 , 1980 ) is a Puerto Rican female track and field athlete , who competes in the sprints events .
Kenia Sinclair is one of Jamaica greatest ever 800 m runners and has broken the barriers of Jamaican female middle distance running .
Indri Gautama is an Indonesian female Christian leader .
Alejandro Siqueiros Quiroz ( born October 28 , 1982 in Hermosillo , Sonora ) is a male freestyle swimmer from Mexico .
Annis Boudinot Stockton was one of the first female published poets in the Thirteen Colonies .
Cláudia Graner ( born January 14 , 1974 in São Paulo ) is a female water polo goalkeeper from Brazil , who twice won the bronze medal with the Brazil women 's national water polo team at the Pan American Games : 1999 and 2003 .
Bhavashankari entrusted the affairs of the State with Durlabh Dutta , the revenue minister and Chaturbhuj Chakravarti , the commander - in - chief of the armed forces and left for the Shiva temple at Kastasangrah along with prince Pratapnarayan , accompanied with her most trusted female bodyguards .
Patrick Dideum ( born September 16 , 1981 in Albuquerque ) is a male freestyle swimmer from USA .
It is a well - reasoned choice , however , to locate her in the context of female performance artists , as Katalin Ladik uses her body and person as the medium of her art in her performances , which occupies a special position within the history of Western art .
Agnieszka Siwek - Jechowska ( born May 21 , 1962 in Warsaw , Mazowieckie ) is a former female track and field sprinter from Poland , who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Jane Haist ( born March 16 , 1949 , in St. Catharines , Ontario ) was a female discus thrower and shot putter , who represented Canada at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal .
Arya Maulana Aldiartama ( born 30 September 1995 in Surakarta ) is a male Indonesian badminton player .
Tucker West ( born June 15 , 1995 ) is an American slider , who , at the age of 18 , was the youngest male ever to qualify to represent the United States in the Men 's luge at the Olympics .
Tatyana Efimenko ( Russian : Татьяна Александровна Ефименко ; born 2 January 1981 in Frunze , Kyrgyz SSR ) is a female high jumper from Kyrgyzstan .
Ankhesenpepi II was the daughter of Khui and the female vizier Nebet .
Wang Beiming ( Chinese : 王贝铭 ; born 13 August 1983 in Shanghai ) is a male Chinese water polo player .
Francesca Bonnemaison i Farriols ( 12 April 1872 -- 1949 ) was a Spanish Catalan educator and promoter of female education in Catalonia .
Tekitha is a Wu - Tang Clan - affiliated female vocalist who was the Wu - Tang Clan 's in - house singer ( previously filled by Blue Raspberry ) for the album Wu - Tang Forever , on which she also performed a solo track titled `` Second Coming '' .
In Ontario , the Irene Pirie Trophy is awarded by Swim Ontario to the female swimmer of the year selected by the Ontario Swimming Coaches Association ; the male swimmer of the year is awarded the Bob Pirie Trophy .
Anna Enquist ( born 19 July 1945 ) is the pen name of one of the more popular female authors in the Netherlands , Christa Widlund - Broer .
Millie Donay ( born Carmela Dante Di Stefano ; February 23 , 1934 -- July 16 , 2007 ) was an American professional Latin dancer , a female pioneer of Mambo dance .
Helen Gourlay Cawley ( born 23 December 1946 ) is a retired female tennis player from Australia .
Viktoria Chaika ( born 26 December 1980 ) is a Belarusian female sport shooter .
Marie Heim - Vögtlin ( 7 October 1845 in Bözen -- 7 November 1916 in Zürich ) was the first female Swiss physician , a writer and a co - founder of the first Swiss gynaecological hospital .
Hociel Thomas ( July 10 , 1904 -- August 22 , 1952 ) was an American blues singer in the classic female blues style .
Gilbert Mutandiro ( born 6 April 1984 ) is a male Zimbabwean long - distance runner .
Gemma Fay ( born 9 December 1981 ) is a Scottish female international football goalkeeper and actress .
Olga Núñez Abaunza ( 1920 - 1971 ) was the first female Nicaraguan lawyer and first female notary .
Feng Yalan ( simplified Chinese : 冯亚兰 ; traditional Chinese : 馮亞蘭 ; pinyin : Féng Yǎ Lán ; born January 25 , 1990 ) is a female Chinese table tennis player .
Adam Greenberg of Allmusic.com wrote that , `` Nina Vidal takes her inspiration from a wide array of classic female singers ... she breaks loose with a subdued , smoldering style . ''
`` Seth '' is used as a male first name , and sometimes as a surname , particularly in the US -- see Seth ( disambiguation ) .
Nurcan Taylan is Turkey 's first ever female Olympic gold medalist .
Ouyang Bowen ( Chinese : 欧阳博文 ; pinyin : Ōuyáng Bówén ; born 19 May 1992 in Xinjing ) is a Chinese male tennis player .
Ulrike Flender ( born 1982 in Aidlingen ) is a female German pilot .
Valya Samvelyan ( Armenian : Վալյա Սամվելյան ) was a popular Armenian female folk - singer .
Jeyran Aliyeva ( born 3 January 1995 ) is an Azerbaijani female volleyball player .
Kim Sa - nee ( Hangul : 김사니 , Hanja : 金사니 ; born 21 June 1981 , Seoul ) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player .
Joseph L. Trueblood ( December 26 , 1956 - June 13 , 2003 ) , a 46-year - old white male , was executed by lethal injection at the Indiana State Prison in Michigan City , Indiana on June 13 , 2003 .
Gregory Bradai ( born 20 June 1993 ) is a male French Polynesian sprinter .
Doris Langley Moore OBE ( 1902 - -1989 ) also known as Doris Langley - Levy Moore , was one of the first important female fashion historians .
Albena Branzova - Dimitrova ( Bulgarian : Албена Брънзова-Димитрова ) ( born July 17 , 1971 ) is a former Bulgarian female basketball player .
Lisa Ann Karčić ( born in New York on 11 November 1986 ) is a Croatian American female basketball player .
Heidi Rakels ( born June 22 , 1968 in Leuven , Vlaams - Brabant ) is a retired female judoka from Belgium .
Tom Bianchi ( born 1945 in Oak Park , Illinois ) is an American writer and photographer who specializes in male nude photography .
Wang Weidong ( born 22 January 1982 in Baisha , Hainan ) is a male Chinese sports sailor who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Ivana Hirschmann ( 5 May 1866 -- 8 May 1943 ) was first female physical education teacher and professor of gymnastics in Croatia .
Kamy Keshmiri ( born January 23 , 1969 ) is a retired male discus thrower from the United States .
Elisabeth Lupka ( 27 October 1902 -- 8 January 1949 ) was a Nazi female guard at two camps during World War II . Lupka was born in Klein - Damner , Germany ( present - day Dąbrówka Mała , Lubusz Voivodeship , Poland ) .
On November 2 , 2004 , Cecilia Fire Thunder was elected as the first female president of the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation to serve the two - year term .
Dan Frost ( born 22 January 1961 in Frederiksberg , Hovedstaden ) is a retired male track cyclist from Denmark , who won the gold medal for his native country in the men 's points race at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Inna Bocoum , also known as Inna Modja , ( born May 19 , 1984 ) is a Malian - French female singer and model .
Danielle Browning ( born 29 August 1981 ) is a retired female track and field sprinter from Jamaica , who specialized in the 200 metres .
Elania Nardelli ( born 7 July 1987 ) is an Italian female sport shooter .
Suzanne Riccio - Major ( born October 16 , 1963 ) , also known as Suzanne Riccio , is a former female boxer who fought two times for world titles .
After the death of Brandir childless many of the Folk of Brethil wanted Manthor to become the Halad , for he was of the senior line - but by a daughter , and so by tradition his second cousin Hardang ( of the male descent ) was elected .
The son of John Wolfenden , chair of the Wolfenden Report which recommended the legalisation of male homosexual acts in Britain , Jeremy Wolfenden was himself homosexual .
Wendell Williams ( born October 19 , 1968 on Trinidad ) is a retired male track and field athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who specialized in the long jump .
Reinder Lubbers ( born 6 November 1984 in Deventer ) is a male rower from the Netherlands .
Ruth Meiers ( November 6 , 1925 -- March 19 , 1987 ) was the first female Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota .
Gertrude Harrison ( 1871 - -1938 ) was the first female golf professional .
Hypasounds , born Damien Etienne on 5 December 1982 , is a Barbadian male soca artist based in the Caribbean island of Barbados .
Jacobine Veenhoven ( born January 30 , 1984 , Laren ) is a Dutch female rower .
Wolfgang Bochow ( born May 26 , 1944 ) is a retired male badminton player from West Germany who rated among the world 's best in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Omar Mena Abreu ( born August 13 , 1966 in Havana , Ciudad de la Habana ) is a retired male sprinter from Cuba .
Han Ling 韩玲 ( born 27 October 1985 in Bobai , Guangxi ) is a female Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres .
Kübra Öztürk ( born May 11 , 1991 ) is a Turkish Woman Grand Master ( WGM ) female chess player .
Ana Perović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ана Перовић , born July 8 , 1977 in Niš , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian former female basketball player .
In 1921 , Else Sehrig - Vehling was one of the very first female art students of the Arts Academy of the city of Düsseldorf .
Jamie Peterkin ( born February 28 , 1982 ) is a male swimmer from Castries , Saint Lucia .
Einar Vilhjálmsson ( born June 1 , 1960 in Reykjavík ) is a retired male javelin thrower from Iceland , who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1984 .
Zorica Mitov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зорицa Митов , born March 17 , 1988 in Vršac , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Serbian female basketball player .
Robin Lynn Macy ( born November 1 , 1958 ) is an American musician , teacher , and gardener , who is best known as a founding member of the female country group the Dixie Chicks .
Carolyn Dorin - Ballard ( born 1964 , Linden , New Jersey ) is one of the top female ten - pin bowlers in the World .
Modupe Oshikoya ( born 2 May 1954 ) is a former female track and field athlete from Nigeria , who competed in the women 's sprint and long jump events during her career .
Tawakkol Karman co - founded the human rights group Women Journalists Without Chains ( WJWC ) with seven other female journalists in 2005 in order to promote human rights , `` particularly freedom of opinion and expression , and democratic rights . ''
St. Demiana is the founder of monasticism for Coptic Orthodox nuns and the princess ( highest ranking ) of female martyrs of the Coptic Orthodox Church .
Erna Petermann ( born 1912 ) was a high - ranking female overseer at two Nazi concentration camps during the closing of World War II . Little is known about Erna Petermann , other than that she trained at the men 's camp at Mittelbau - Dora sometime in 1944 .
Barb Honchak ( born August 30 , 1979 ) is an American professional female mixed martial artist .
Marta Colaiocco ( born 22 February 1984 ) is an Italian female former water polo player .
Nóra Edöcsény - Hóbor ( born February 2 , 1974 in Budapest ) is a female athlete from Hungary , who competes in triathlon .
Kate Mullany ( 1845 - 1906 ) was an early female labor leader who started the all - women Collar Laundry Union in Troy , New York in February 1864 .
Eleonora Dziękiewicz ( née Staniszewska ) ( born 25 October 1978 ) is a female Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland women 's national volleyball team and Polish club Tauron MKS Dąbrowa Górnicza , bronze medalist of European Championship 2009 , three - time Polish Champion ( 2007 , 2010 , 2012 ) .
Turgut Polat ( born 9 September 1993 in Kars ) is a male Turkish table tennis player .
Samantha Terán Quintanilla ( born May 6 , 1981 in Mexico City ) is a professional female squash player who represents Mexico .
Bengt Fröman is a retired male badminton player of Sweden noted for his doubles play .
Zhang Xianghua ( Chinese : 张香花 ) is a female Chinese rower .
Madeleine ffrench - Mullen and Dr Kathleen Lynn established St Ultan 's , also known as Teach Ultan , was a female - run hospital for infants at 37 Charlemont Street , Dublin in 1919 .
Zdeněk Otava ( 11 March 1902 - 4 December 1980 ) was a Czech operatic baritone who had a length career at the Prague National Theatre that spanned more than four decades .
Yvonne Kenny AM ( born 25 November 1950 ) is an Australian soprano , particularly associated with Handel and Mozart roles .
